He said that the KSU South Central Circle will meet with the police on this issue and demanded that from now on the BSF troops should no longer patrol inside the Pynursla area but should patrol only. in the border areas with Bangladesh.
“However, compared to other ethnic groups outside the state, the students of Meghalaya will face difficulties as they have to write the examination in English while other ethnic groups have the opportunity to write the examination in English. Hindi which is very comfortable for them,” said Bah Khongsit.
From the “Shlem Saiñdur" inside the small house with confused thoughts I wonder what will happen to the future of our ancestors in the Khasi country? I don't want to be a politician but I want our Khasi country to succeed and grow with that name as our ancestors called “Ka ri tipbriew tipblei” or “Ka ri tipbriew tipblei” or the country of God.
We can also draw a picture of the history of our Khasi-Pnar, if Swinburne's statement is correct, that 'evil brings good'
In addition, Paragraph 186.6 of the Manual stipulates that a notice to be published in the Gazette (Extra-Ordinary) or a letter to issue a Notice must be signed by the Secretary or, in his absence, must be signed by the Secretary. signed by an officer in the rank of Deputy Secretary.
Surprisingly, several dozen were arrested, but those fifty were not enough.
Steward Dkhar was released by the police after being granted bail by the court while Nongrum was not released on bail.
The stadium has also been the venue for many events not related to sports but especially the celebration of Republic Day and Independence Day.
Sacred Heart FT Academy will face Rangdajied United FC at 12:30 pm, Mawlai SS&CC will face Kick Start FT Academy at 2:30 pm and Kynton U Mon will face Summit Academy in the final match at 4:00 pm.
They said that they will conduct more raids in the coming days as they suspect that there are still many foreign shops without permits.
WKH CA, Ri Bhoi CA, scored the goal in 19.1 overs for the loss of 8 wickets. CA beat WKH CA by 2 wickets.
These are the measures that the government will take to address the issue of teachers, which has shocked even the state especially on Tuesday, when the leader of the All India Trinamool Congress, when he found that the teachers They sit and sleep at night on the street in front of the Secretariat.
In the second half, Mukhla Umlangchor beat Rising Sun Mukhla 2-1
Police said that these robbers used their skills to steal mobile phones from public places such as the market and other crowded places in Shillong.
We are entitled to know whether this increase in prices is an expropriation by the sellers, or whether there has been new price creation by the manufacturing enterprises".
Furthermore, the owners of coal mining sites can get detailed information from the office of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board at Arden Lumpyngngad, Shillong. Megocmms website.
The seminar was conducted by Prof. Desmond Kharmawphlang and was attended by Dr. Natalie West Kharkongor, Associate Prof. Economics and Head, CEDNER, IIM, Shillong. Dr. C. Myrthong, Head of Civil Engineering Department, NIT, Shillong and Bah Toki Blah, Retired IAS Officer.
The employees of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will soon be able to benefit from treatment for illnesses after the Executive Committee led by Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem as the Chief Executive Member (CEM) approval to implement this for about 800 employees of the Council.
Father Kuriakose Kattuthara, 62, was found dead at his workplace at St Mary's Catholic Church in Dasuya Sub-Division.
The EJNC has urged MeECL to repair the transformers in Khliehmyntriang village to avoid any tragic incident. -19 cases have risen to 1566 in the state on Thursday.
All the arrested persons are under investigation by the Assam Police.
Shillong, July 12: The KHNAM Youth Wing today sent a letter to the CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem to remind him that the KHADC should pass a law to ban non-Khasi-Jaintia from participating in the elections. In a petition today, Bah Pyndap Saiborn, President of KHNAM Youth Wing, said that the KHNAM Youth Wing is concerned about the lack of laws to prevent non-residents from entering the KHADC elections. to take part in the MDC elections.
However, it suddenly appeared in connection with the Order of the State Court, and after that it spread in the media and in discussions.
Regarding Nongwah Mawtamur, which falls under the Sohiong Hima, many of these places in this area have disappeared from Meghalaya.
“This violence is nothing but hatred against this MLA of the area, and this incident has severely affected the feelings of the people of Nartiang constituency,” he added.
The party also demands the restoration of the power to grant Scheduled Tribes, the recognition of the council as a development authority to receive direct funds from the Government of India, and the prohibition of the Scheduled Tribes. Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Khap Panchayat of Munirta in South Delhi has sent out all the people from the North East who live in the area.
Ma Sniawbhalang today held a meeting with NPP leaders from Nartiang and Jowai constituencies in the presence of Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, Jowai MLA, JHADC CEM Thombor Shiwat who conducted the meeting along with other MDCs of the area and about 400 leaders of NPP departments in these two constituencies.
Three persons including two children and a mother inside the Grand Vitara were injured in the collision.
The KSU has turned to Sohra PS to demand clarification on the arrest of two members in connection with the incident in Ichamati recently, after a rally against the CAA. That the unfounded arrest of members of the party does not mean to bring peace but to encourage the youth.
Sources said that to show that the ARPA is a party, the EC has asked UDP leader Teinwell Dkhar to persuade his MDCs to take over the post.
This period is also nearing its end and the last day or the last 7 years will begin according to Daniel 9:24-2
For more information please call the toll-free number 1967/1
I don't want to inform the people of Meghalaya about the following questions:-What is the electric meter? The meter measures the electricity we use to pay to the electricity suppliers and in Meghalaya, this is the MeECL office at Lumjingshai (Mawlai).
But Israel is the bell of those days, the most troubled times in the world, which everyone who is alive will experience if he is not saved before that time of trouble.
The Muthlong Pasyih Cluster Level Federation was established on 3rd June 2022 through the merger of 5 villages (Muthlong Rim, Thadmuthlong A, Thadmuthlong B, Thadmuthlong C and Pasyih). Village Organization and 162 Self Help Groups.
According to the complaints from the residents, the most affected areas are Lumkyrwiang, Iongpiah, Chilliang Raij and other neighboring areas.
Today, during the session, there was a clash between MPs in the House, between Prime Minister Rajapaksa and the opposition.
In the previous match between the two teams, Rangdajied beat Lajong 2-1 in the round robin stage on 13th June.
Speaking as the chief guest, Ms. J.Kharpuri urged the residents to be responsible residents to maintain the drinking water wells and also to keep the water wells clean. The third war will start first from the water, because the rivers will become bad and will no longer be suitable for drinking and eating. The village authorities were urged to take action to maintain the water wells and keep the water and streams clean. “It is the responsibility of all the people to improve the water sources, to protect the forests, the hills and the rivers that God has given, Otherwise, future generations will punish us if we cut down trees and destroy forests, we are already in the border areas with other states and also with other countries. “If this war comes, they will come to attack us just because of the water,” said Kong Kharpuri.
Regarding the fear of the people especially Christians towards the BJP, Shibun said that there are many people in Meghalaya who want to join the BJP but they still have their fears. The BJP may touch on Christianity or nationalism but this will slowly disappear because the BJP stands on the basis of protecting minorities and freedom of all faiths.
Before sending them to the training centre, parents have to sign a consent form, police verification has to be done and each group will consist of 10 youths.
The West Bengal minister was speaking at a public meeting against the CAA held by the Jamiat Ulema-e-Hind at Rani Rasmoni Avenue on Sunday.
It is the work of people who are very skilled in this field and have a thorough knowledge of molecular biology," Montagnier told CNEWS. "I don't blame anyone.
Adelbert was brought by the police who were ordered by the court to ensure that he appears in person in the court today.
Regarding the news in U Rupang on 03/04/2020 which said that 'in relation to the rice has not affected the residents' during this food shortage, it is a mistake of the news through the author.
At the same time, she promised to convene a meeting with all the Rangbah Shnongs of War Jaintia who have these foreigners on the Electoral Roll in their villages.
In a complaint, she challenged the decision of the Delhi Golf Club not to allow her to enter the club because she was wearing Khasi clothes.
Lucia Tngen Wahlang, 66, of Nongmynsong, Shillong, Tioris Nongdhar, 58, of Mawkdok, Mawphlang, died at Pomlum PHC. Wording Syiemlieh, 49, of Umbir, died at HG. Khlainbor Kharbuki, 43, of Mawlai Umthlong, died at H Gordon Robert Hospital, Shillong. Ashok Burman, 37, of Upper Mawprem, was taken to Woodland Hospital, Shillong. .
Teilinia of the HSPDP has been appointed as the Deputy Chief Executive Member (Dy.CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), led by Bah HS Shylla under the banner of the Khasi Hills Democratic Alliance (KHDA).
Of these 17, only one is still in Shillong District Jail while 16 are in Ri-Bhoi District Jail.
More than 240 participants and 100 buyers from India and abroad took part and it was said to be the largest Food Expo in the region.
“We will increase the number of seats, because now we will increase the number of PHCs, CHCs, Sub-Centres and now we will have Village Health Centres, all of which need to create posts to be appointed in these health centres,” she said. He said that the state government will no longer wait for the central government to appoint doctors in the state but will look after the needs of the health sector.
The management of Marveelen said that since the beginning of the investigation they have been working closely with the police and will continue to work together to find out the truth.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla, while talking to reporters after the opening of the Executive Committee meeting of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), on Tuesday said that He will pass two resolutions on the 20th of November 2013. These resolutions are that Assam should return Block I & II which was taken by Karbi. The Anglong District Council was established in
Psalm 11:3 says, "If the foundation be taken away, what can the righteous do?" What is that foundation if it is not the Word of God? It is also true that problems among Christians arise because they do not understand the foundation of their faith.
It is from here that evil spreads because from this social media they know how to do evil.
Furthermore, the children who participated in the National Football Federation Championship were also honoured.
Bah TL Jyrwa said that after the destruction of the office near the DC office, the Association has held an emergency meeting and requested the authorities to provide a shlem so that lawyers will be able to use to advance the business.
Korbar L Nonglait, President of the NIA, said that the NIA is not against the opening of shops by foreigners but they should follow the laws of KHADC. “They should be careful not to sell their shops to non-Khasis,” said Bah Nonglait.
Referring to the fact that commodities like petrol, diesel, kerosene and LPG fall under the list of essential commodities which are needed by the people every day, the President said the Government should do something. if the NEPMU intends to proceed with its decision.
On the other hand, Bah Metbah said that the compensation will be given to the owner of the land who has donated, by giving the grade IV job to one of his relatives, said the Mairang MLA.
God is still calling everyone today to the path of repentance, the path of being born again.
The new cases include 93 from East Khasi Hills, 93 from West Garo Hills, 16 from Ri Bhoi, 18 from South West Garo Hills, 10 from South West Jaintia Hills, 19 from North Garo Hills and 19 from South Garo Hills. 10, East Jaintia Hills 5, Eastern West Khasi Hills 4, West Khasi Hills 1 and East Garo Hills
Furthermore, the MYPC said that the four-year service raises many questions, because after four years, what else will those who have entered the four-year service do after completing this service? you are their soldier.
Shillong, November 02: The match will be broadcast live on Eurosport India and on Indian Football YouTube channel & Fancode. The Sports Committee has visited Heprit Rukini Dkhar at her residence to express her congratulations after she won the Silver Medal in the U-14 Girls' 600m Race at the 34 East Games. Zone Champion 2023 was held in West Bengal.
Ospear Lyngdoh told reporters that before the state celebrates its Golden Jubilee, the HSPDP has collected the names of all the volunteers who have been imprisoned and There are several volunteers who have tried to collect the names of volunteers from West Khasi Hills, but so far only 79 volunteers who have been imprisoned have been collected. during the campaign for full statehood.
The search for these refugees by the SRDF team ended after the body of the second refugee was recovered on Sunday.
Traffic jam in Shillong has increased from year to year due to the increasing number of vehicles, and has also witnessed violations of traffic rules in India, which requires drivers of vehicles and two wheelers bud ryntih, that is, to drive on the right hand, and not on the left.
Therefore, as a leader, he is always confident that if anyone comes to join us, he is ready and willing to welcome such people.
However, because the first part is old, if you don't open it, it can't be used and if you don't open it and put it away, it will be destroyed.
Buy only what you really need, what you can use every day, or all the time.
The meeting, which was held today in Shillong, discussed the smuggling of people between the two countries, how to check the mawthum, smuggling and others. the export of coal from this country.
He urged the police to work together with the residents to bring about harmony among them for the benefit of all.
In the past few years, more than 100 NGOs, including the Center for Policy Research (CPR), the Rajiv Gandhi Foundation, the Rajiv Gandhi Charitable Trust, headed by the former Congress President, Sonia Gandhi, Rahul Gandhi and Oxfam India have lost their licenses under the Contribution Regulation Act (FCRA) over allegations of misuse of foreign remittances.
He was reportedly mentally ill and could issue orders without sleep but could no longer move himself.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Thadlaskein Unit on Thursday led by Conard R Sana President, Sendmisao Phawa, General Secretary in the presence of Assistant Finance Secretary Shaniahshkem Dkhar and others visited the site. The Industrial Training Institute (ITI) Khliehtyrshi has launched a training program for students to stand on their own feet.
The venue has been changed to MFA Turf, Third Ground and Polo.
Therefore, the RBYF urges the state government and especially the Minister in charge of Transport, to take immediate action and resolve with the drivers of commercial vehicles, by any means, so that to address the concerns of the commuting public, he added.
He said the ban on coal mining by the National Green Tribunal (NGT) has affected the people of the state and especially the coal traders and sellers.
He said that the KSU and other Sengbhalang have not yet agreed to bring a railway to the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
The fight at the appointed time shall not be overthrown.
It is very sad when foreigners read such news in front of us the villagers.
The strike will be held tomorrow at 10 pm at the ground floor of St Edmunds' College, according to a statement released today.
“I poured the jung water into a 50 liter tin, then I called the waterer and explained to him to water the flowers with the jung water. five more than twice as many other plants in the garden," he said.
In another match, Tura DCA won by 9 runs against East Haro Hills DCA. WKH, which won the toss and elected to tied first, managed to score 163/1 before losing the match. The match was scored in 19 overs in Zone 1 Group B at Umbuda, Ri Bhoi.
Rohan Kapoor & Sikki Reddy have won another round against Korean opponents Seo Seung Jae & Chae Yu. Jung in the pre-quarterfinals.
Shillong, March 12: The CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, on Tuesday said that the Prevention of Disqualification Act, 2015 passed by the government will not affect the country. MDCs because the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) are not part of the State Government.
He said that if the government does not repair the bridge immediately, no doubt one day it could collapse suddenly while traffic is moving and cause injuries to the passengers.
Website: business: page:.
When comparing the Council's own revenue and expenditure, it was seen that it is not enough even to pay the salaries of its employees. per annum while the salary reaches T.24 crore per annum.
Regarding the holding of the election in GHADC, Ernest Mawrie said that he will meet the Governor to demand that the election should be held at home. The term of the GHADC will expire on 15th March
Meghalaya will play against Delhi on 16th November.
In the Junior Cadet Boys (55kg) category, Delbert Adrian Wankhar won second, Salmi Phawa and Josiah Hynniewta won fourth.
He said that the Congress in the past decades has not been able to do anything but the promises have not been fulfilled. They have chosen the right path for themselves.
The Deputy Commissioner BS.Sohliya in his speech said that the conservation of the environment is not a daily or once a year task but a year round task.
Shillong, Jymmang 22 : The Sangeet Natak Akademi (SAA) has organized a festival of music, dance and dance at the Sangeet Natak Academy in India. Shillong from 19th to 21st June,
“At present, the residents of Mawïong Umjapung are suffering, because from time to time the pumps have been lost and damaged.
He also taught that farmers should leave the seedlings for about 25 days, so that the stems of the siej will remain firmly in the soil and can grow better.
Even doctors who have passed MBBS from the government have to face the written and personal interview conducted by the MPSC. Shillong, Nailar 19: “Don't take the law in your hands. of the hand" is the most commonly spoken.
It is a memorable day as it is the first time that the Prime Minister has come to witness the swearing-in ceremony of Ministers in Meghalaya.
After the salute and laying of flowers by the police chiefs of the state and the area, a ceremony was held by the Presbyterian Church of Kynshi Bangla inside the grounds. The body of Khlawait was laid to rest at the Kynshi Presbyterian Church.
However, if you don't have your own vehicles, you will have 450-500 vehicles for 500 students.
Meanwhile, Bah Hek denied these allegations and said that this decision should have been taken longer and it is the right time for them to take this decision now.
Regarding the payment of compensation to the families of the victims, Prestone said the government has not yet taken a decision on this as the figure has not been received. The number of people buried in the crematorium, especially foreigners, is exactly the same.
What do we expect from this election? Please tell us and contribute.
At the same time, you can also order through the online store by visiting the website svllad.com/store.
The meeting was attended by DGP Rajiv Mehta in the presence of Roshan and other officers. After that, the insurgents were invited to surrender their weapons. They handed over their weapons to the Minister of Home Affairs and the DGP of the state. As soon as they received the weapons, Roshan left the scene without speak nothing but a word.
For Umshangiar, Tremi Phawa took one wicket in 3.4 overs and Rishanmi Niangti took one wicket in three overs.
The Congress on Tuesday decided to suspend for three years Ampareen and four MLAs including PT Sawkmie MLA Mawlai, Mayralborn Syiem MLA Nongpoh and Kimfa S Marbaniang MLA Rambrai-Jyrngam. and Bah Mohendro Rapsang MLA West Shullong for supporting the BJP-backed MDA Government. Ampareen said that the five MLAs have been suspended since July this year.
New Delhi: The Press Council of India has proposed to award the National Awards for Excellence in Journalism,
The 60 meter bridge will allow the troops to enter closer to the Line of Actual Control (LAC), and it is understood that the work has been completed, where the troops will try to enter. for two hours.
Politics and democracy is not a one man show.
In a speech by a pastor, a woman said that she had told me last year that she had been sold to Goalpara.
Shillong, Naitung 9: The Hills Farmer's Union (HFU) today convened a meeting of farmers and farmers' organizations in the state. known as the Joint Action Committee of All Meghalaya Farmer's Union (JACAMFU).
When you are in trouble, do you quickly say or do you say this word, are you happy (meaning are you strong)? When we turn to Christianity, we can say that we need this revival to come to families, especially families that are broken because there is no peace or harmony.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has decided to nominate a candidate from South Tura to contest against Conrad K Sangma, who is also the Chief Minister of the state.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Pyniaid Sing Syiem today visited Khanapara, one of the border areas of Assam.
Besides, the water supply has been rapidly rising to 22 feet and more than 24 lakh liters of water can be pumped from the coal mine.
Even if the UCC is intended to be used as a weapon to attack religious groups, it cannot stand in court because the Constitution does not allow the UCC to be violated, while the freedom of religious groups is The Court may force the Government to comply.
For example, in 2021, the Mizoram government has been able to provide adequate protection to its residents living on the Mizoram-Assam border from the attacks by the Assam police and kharbangs by sending and providing Police officers with the support of politicians and leaders.
After this, they left for Mission Compound and Iawmusiang, where the program was conducted by OR Shallam President of the Seiñ Raij Jowai. Cooperation Department, Food Civil Supplies & Consumer Affairs Department and others were also present as the chief guests.
“Soon I'll meet you again, Bah...” She looked at Kongthei and answered. “If it's time to work, I'll meet you again...” said Daplin. "It's not like I'm going to be able to remember..." Daplin said again.
Food and beverage shops will continue to open as scheduled from time to time, so the public should not be afraid or leave suddenly during opening hours.
The Voice of People's Party (VPP) candidate from North Shillong constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on 16th June, was summoned by the Investigating Officer (IO) at Sadar Police Station for an explanation. regarding the complaint he filed against the misuse of funds during the Covid-19 pandemic.
Kudermetova also defeated Jessica Pegula 6-4, 0-6, 6-4
Besides, like in Umiam, the Nehru Park, if there is a collaboration between the Ministry of Power and the Ministry of Tourism, the park can be built more beautifully by installing various lights. to the visitors.
“We have nothing to do with the relationship between Bah Pynshngain and the party, it is their household business,” said Bah Dkhar.
Akal Takht chief Giani Harpreet Singh said in an interview in Amritsar that the Indian government should take immediate action against the leader. organization.
Thus was the way of the ancient world.
Bah Thombor said that in this regard, he will try to complete the correction of these shortcomings within 3 or 4 days and send it immediately to the government to expedite the work.
The complaint to the police demands that Patricia Mukhim should be punished under sections 153 A, 505 and 499 of the Indian Penal Code. General Secretary of the Village Council.
At present, every time the results come out, they have to spend thousands of tyngka just to go to class and many times they don't get classes and they have to stay at home. come forward to take responsibility for the problems of the land of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum.
Deb admitted that he too came from a poor family and promised to turn Tripura into a great state in the next three years.
Regarding the curfew, the HN LC district administration has announced that it has prepared government vehicles to transport the passengers from 9:30 pm and these buses will run from Happy Valley via Madanrting, Nongthymmai, St. Edmunds, Dhankheti, Barik IGP, Kachari via Malki Point.
After this, they went to Zong-Hi-l, the place of production.
“This Bill instead of demanding, has distributed to the contractors and this will cause problems to the village owners, the village headmen where they will be the protectors of the contractors if anything happens by informing the law enforcement authorities. .
The match will be played between Shangpung Moosyiem SC and Dulong SC at 2 pm tomorrow.
The Shnong Ialong has set a time limit for eating khana at this place and urged the public to check the time to enter and leave this place because it is too late. The gate will be closed at 8 o'clock.
In faith and prayer we will win this struggle,” said Rev. Fr Richard Majaw, Vicar General of Shillong.
Besides these MDCs who are also MLAs at the same time, Bah Lambor Malngiang, MDC and MLA Nongkrem will contest again.
“According to the BJP leaders, due to the merger of MLAs and the presence of sufficient candidates, we expect to win up to 20 seats in this MLA election,” said Bah Sanbor.
Therefore, we have our own procedures on how to prepare.
Antioxidants increase the amount of oxygen in the blood and boost metabolism.
Three persons have been arrested and 11 charges have been filed, police said.
The Meghalaya government has only 12 hospitals, 27 Community Health Centres (CHCs), 109 Primary Health Centers (PHCs) and 444 Health Sub-Centres (HSCs).
The enforcement drive was led by V. Mawlong, District Nodal Officer, Tobacco Control Programme, D. Kharshiing, MCS, V. Pyngrope, Food & Security. Inspector and Police Enforcement Squad.
He said that the inspection has not been completed yet, and some of the shops have been issued by the Rangbah Shnong and some have not been shown by the council. “It is necessary to get NOC from the Rangbah Shnong every three years,” he said.
Sources said that about 40 foreigners were first arrested by the members of KSU Mawkhar Circle who immediately informed the members of KSU Upper Shillong Circle. These foreign workers who claimed to be Assamese were expelled while investigation of their names revealed that they were Muslims who were coming from Assam.
He urged the Dolloi to take action to convene the Elaka Dorbar meetings to put in writing on the customs and traditions of the people of different Elaka so that when the law can be passed it will be easier if other authorities or communities want to. don't take the thombor.
Shillong, March 20: Before the visit of President Pranab Mukerjee to the state, police have stepped up patrols and searches of parked vehicles due to the curfew called by the rebel group. The HNLC has 36 hours from 6 pm on the 21st to 6 pm on the 22nd.
They also said that the state government has not released the funds for the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) while the central government of Narendra Modi has already released them. The people of the state, the district councils and if this is the case it will be difficult for the ADCs even to bring in the budget for next year.
NV Ramana, Chief Justice of India, today said that the greatest threat to human life and the privacy of the human body is in the police stations these days.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that these two Hydro Power Projects have been signed by the Government of Meghalaya and the power generation companies for a long time. good.
During the inspection, the KSU also had the opportunity to talk to the staff of the hospital who said that there are many shortages inside the hospital and even the water which is an essential need. don't be afraid to visit this sub center.
“If we wait until all the accommodation is available, we will have to suspend all the games for decades.
Shillong, July 23: The state government has decided to operate four JNNURM buses received from the central government. Mawlai and other parts of the country.
The names of those who died in France were written in detail in Motphran, whose names are still visible.
So they followed the star that was moving (read the Gospel of Matthew 2:1...).
Two goals from Niawkor Sari in the 24th and 70th minutes gave Mukhla Umlangchor a 2-0 victory over Da-I-Hi SC.
However, the TMC cannot be counted sting because although it is a new party in the state, it has been founded by MLAs especially under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma. This is especially true in Garo Hills.
On the other hand, Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Pema Khandu said that Arunachal Pradesh does not have strong laws like the ILP to protect the people of the state especially to protect them from the CAB. In the end, he will stand firm to support the people of the East.
A massive earthquake struck Morocco at around 11:11 pm on Tuesday night, killing more than 600 people.
Lyngwa said, “There is no question of ceasefire because they are already in peace talks and so we have talked to them and the door will remain open. don't worry, we're always ready to talk.
Moonlight Daw, Vice President of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) of the 3rd Raliang Mandal and President of the Polling Booth Nongjngi-Iongluwit, in a statement today, said that He has resigned from the BJP today and has submitted his resignation letter to the President of the 3rd Raliang Mandal, Biangshwa Shylla.
The team has also decided to set up the Sumer (Umbang) stadium as a practice ground for this training camp in Ri Bhoi and will be supervised by Amit, as the head coach, u Robin Nongrum and Raffel Rapsang as assistant coaches.
Shillong Sports Association (SSA) won the first prize in the men's category. In the women's category, the Nongstoin District Sports Association won the title.
Furthermore, Bah Nongtnger said that the investigation will be conducted in a proper manner and punishment will be taken according to the rules of law.
Upon the announcement by Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah on 24.8.2020 and the announcement on All India Radio and newspapers on 25.8.2020, that Rangbah Shnongs and Villages should no longer be quarantined. For those who come from other districts, there are villages in Mawshynrut Block, West Khasi Hills District who are ready to cover up their mistakes by telling and hiding the truth.
The General Secretary of the Seng Khasi Seng Kmie, Bah PD Nongrum, said that they have followed the rules of the government and decided to allow only 75 out of 100 dancers per hour. it is limited to one hour per group.
The Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (Ri Khasi & Jaintia) expresses its deep sorrow over the tragic incident which took away the precious life of Samla Shailinda Kharrymba and condolences to the family of I'm young.
We vote not only to win candidates.
Hek said that a poor woman who tested positive today went to NEIGRIMHS Hospital to give birth to her baby, but was found to be positive for Covid-1 She has just returned from Delhi and is under quarantine.
Khliehriat, June 3 : The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, who is also the Chairman of District Disaster Management, has announced that the National Disaster Alert Portal and Mobile App of CAP based Integrated Alert System has been launched. launched on 11th October 2023, these Apps are intended for early access to information, to also provide as warnings to be vigilant in relation to the environment through Alert Generating Agencies / SDMAs over CAP Platform.
The Government conducts public awareness campaigns to be vigilant during the hot weather to avoid forest fires and house fires.
Shillong, Lber 15: U Bah Klurningson Donna, Minister, Dwara, Nongtyrnem Sirdarship (EKH), has sent a complaint against a large piece of land owned by the Hima Dwara Nongtyrnem. Sirdarship has been illegally seized for the construction of the Indo-Bangladesh Border Road, the construction of the EKH Village Road at EKH. Sirdarship, he admitted that he owned the large land belonging to the Hima and misused it and received T.1,03,33,785/- as land compensation.
EAC of Ri Bhoi
I immediately informed the police and the police came and took me to the Civil Hospital,” said Poonam in the FIR. Shillong, Naiwieng 01 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Police Department Prestone Tynsong assured that the Police Department will do its utmost to put an end to the extortion of various groups in the State.
Sardar Vallabhai Patel, the first Home Minister of India, said, “Your country is the country where the Gods will dwell.
They also agreed to apply for the ticket of Bah Donkupar Sumer as the UDP candidate from Umsning by raising their hands and the decision will be sent back to the Central Bopy leaders to decide on the ticket. .
Pope Francis on Tuesday canceled his trip to Dubai for the COP28 summit after receiving advice from doctors.
It is learned that while Kumar was in the village, some people asked him to visit a village, which is in extreme backwardness, but the prime minister refused. The youths became angry and threw stones at the vehicles accompanying Kumar.
At present, they only provide accommodation and other necessities, said one of the sisters in charge of the society in Laitumkhrah.
In the women's category, the Block Bhoirymbong team became the winner and in the men's category, the Umling Block team became the winner out of 4 blocks. Umling Block, Jirang Block, Bhoirymbong Block and Umsning Block and the DSO office has also announced the names of 21 children from all 4 blocks who have been selected for the post. They will also qualify for the Inter State Level to be held in Shillong.
Regarding the arrest of these two persons, the Ri Bhoi Police are conducting further investigation to find out more about the others involved in the case.
The Jews are now in turmoil, they have marched to demand a temple near the Dome of the Rock, and often there is a riot among the Muslims because their temple is also in this area.
The installation of water pipes in Mawlai village was a project which had already started earlier, but due to the death of the contractor Kong A Pathaw, the project has been delayed.
Adelbert said that everyone has been busy talking about 133 which means T.133 crore but they have forgotten about Rules 128. “I don't want to talk about 133, I want to talk about T.133 crore. it's 128".
Nongbri said that after the Tournament Committee has held a meeting in the past few days.
Shillong: The East Jaintia National Council (EJNC) has expressed its deep sorrow over the statement of Dr Mukul Sangma against former HNLC General Secretary Bah Chesterfield Thangkiew. Dr Mukul said the MDA government should not forgive the past actions of Bah Che, during his tenure as General Secretary of the armed group.
Regarding this tournament, Bah Shanlang Diengdoh, expressed his gratitude to the office bearers of the Wushu Association of Bhoi and State, who have been able to organize such a tournament, as it will greatly help the Wushu Association. young men and women, to be healthy and also to avoid many evil deeds.
In fact, these KSU leaders including Samla Banjop Maring, President of KSU, EBA, Samla Steven Kharkrang, President of Umiam Circle and other members, had planned to meet Kong RM Kurbah. , DC of Ri Bhoi, but due to his absence, they went to meet with Bah DP Kharsati, ADC of Ri Bhoi, where they explained all the reasons, which led the party to strongly oppose. on this occasion, the gate of the Shipai.
The funeral service will be held on 27.03.2020 at the Unitarian Church, Jowai at 1 pm.
"Here you can ask why these judges use bad words to praise or promote those fighters or those who inspire them? Because they are not happy or unhappy to use only them. kind and respectful words such as “ish beautiful” () or “you have done well” () and so on.
Speaking on the occasion, all the leaders of HNM, KSU and FKJGP expressed the same view to oppose the Assam government to irrigate Wahkhri for the purpose of getting electricity.
On the allegation by others that the National Party has not been able to create a world in Parliament, Ollan said that in politics, a person needs to have all the characteristics because literacy alone cannot create a world. earth.
The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) expresses its deep sorrow and condolences to the family and friends of Bah Banshanlang Kharbyngar.
Shillong, March 3: The Congress-led Khasi Hills United Democratic Alliance (KHUDA) has not yet taken a decision to contest for the CEM seat scheduled for 8th March against the Congress election. by the All Regional Parties Alliance (ARPA).
Bengaluru: The exhibition of sohniamtra, sohtrun and other agricultural products from Meghalaya to Bengaluru has gone well and people have flocked to buy and eat these soh.
When the sky was opened, the Kmie appeared first, followed by the Rida.
Because, we have already experienced that in the last 10 elections of the past 50 years, the state has not produced many sohthiang and there have been bad years without any harvest. .
The GSU said that many Class III and IV employees have been transferred from Garo Hills to Khasi Hills while not a single Khasi has been brought to Garo Hills.
"# P.W.2.
Elizer Suiam scored in the 45th and 70th minutes and Dashngain Sukhaling in the 48th minute.
In the middle of the night he cried and cried, He said, “Mother, forgive me;
Then there is the house of Lait Wanniang and his wife, Phet and children.
The price of petrol is expected to reach T.82 per liter in the coming days and the price of diesel will also increase.
During her years as Principal, Mother Anne was also an advisor to Gauhati University and North Eastern Hill University.
“I will take this issue to Parliament if the government cannot start investigating according to the scientific authorities now why should my people suffer just because of the failure of the policy,” said Dr Kharlukhi.
Man was bought by God from the hands of Satan.
However, if Mawlai reach the final, the team has the hope of winning their first title, as this is the first year that they have been able to take part in this tournament. biggest tournament in the state.
Mishra directed those involved in the project to immediately provide adequate parking spaces for the trucks carrying goods to Bangladesh.
He said that he can join any political party to take action for the welfare of the youth of Ranikor constituency, as well as for the youth of the state. youth wing.
Shillong: Twenty-five Tourist Vehicle Associations (ATO) have convened an emergency meeting at Paradiso Conference Hall today. at 12:30 pm and unanimously decided that all commercial vehicles will operate today, 3rd June 2021, as usual.
However, the High Court did not protect them, as the District Council has its own rules of procedure.
Shillong, Lber 22: As a sign of love, encouragement and blessings, Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA and Chairman of the Monitoring and Implementation Committee of the 19th South Shillong Constituency, has donated through the financial assistance for the year 2022-23 of 50,000 tyngka to the Wushu children of this area.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) Employment Cell (HANM) today sent a letter to the Symbud Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong to urge the government to pass a law to provide 80% employment opportunities. state owners in private companies.
With the arrest of Rongsarang, all the seven persons accused of kidnapping have been arrested by the police, said the SP. Rongsrang M Sangma is a member of the GNLA (R) and has committed these kidnappings and extortion from South Garo Hills District on behalf of the group.
It's a big struggle for the government," he added.
The students of 2023 will be graduates.
“On the lack of acceptance of the BJP in Meghalaya, Rikman said that in the minds of the people they have hope in the BJP and they have already seen the work done through Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will address the people of India at 10 am tomorrow, where he is expected to announce the extension of the lockdown. The curfew, which is scheduled to be called tomorrow 14th June 2020 and has been implemented since 24th October
On the other hand, we commend the state government for taking this step to reduce the foreign travel of government officials.
On Monday, the District Administration of East Jaintia Hills District, has held a public hearing at Wapungskur village to listen to what the people of the area have to say.
“Instead of implementing the recommendations of the committee, the HLC has introduced a worse Tenancy Bill,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Those who attended the ceremony included the Khasi District Council, the State Level Coal Miners and Dealers Forum, the Advocate General of the State Government, Bah KS Kynjing and others.
The decision on the ticket will also be taken after an agreement with the incumbent VPP MLA Brightstarwell Marbaniang and VPP Senior President Ardent Basaiawmoit.
This drink is also helpful for weight loss ability.
“Many households have been affected and the burden has come on the households due to the increase in the price of commodities, especially food items,” he said.
Isn't the lack of freedom to read the Word of God corruption or misuse of one's Christian position?
Nongsiej urged the Chief Executive Member to take action and provide staff in the office for the benefit of the people of West Khasi Hills District.
Lahkmen Rymbui, former MLA of the area, said that during his tenure he had tried to set up a Government Hospital in the area to serve the people but the government has not been able to achieve this even though the land donated by civilians.
To mark the beginning of Loompyrdi Iongpiah Week 2023, Ma Wander Shylla as the chief guest after his speech also welcomed the Din Kum.
And he himself became a young man who prepared himself as it appeared in his daily life.
The truth will come out one day whether it is a true idea or just a 'Drama' to get sympathy and support.
Vatican City, March 23: Pope Francis today temporarily suspended a German bishop for misrepresenting the 31.31-million-euro project to build a new residence. The Pope has rejected many pressures to appoint the Bishop.
Furthermore, it is necessary to introduce a law to ban the owners of cows from dyeing their cows by shutting them, because of the hatred of another cow by dyeing the colors of our cows. to steal that of others is a threat to our cow, because they too are ready to steal our cow and this is a threat to the life of the animal and also to the life of the cow. A man because of an animal without colors cannot kill the people as we often see that many people are killed by cows when they flee their homes without fighting or after the fighting.
Kohli, who led the side in 68 Tests between 2014 and 2022, has not missed a Test for India in nearly two years, the last time he He was ruled out of the squad against South Africa in Johannesburg due to injury in July
They take whatever they want, without thinking about the future.
The house is beautiful and has two floors.
It took us about 3 and a half hours to get to the end of the cave survey from the entry point or the starting point of the cave.
“On the other hand, these MLAs have directed us to go and discuss with the CLP leader Bah Metbah Lyngdoh on the new government, who will lead the government and who will be the ministers. “They are also ready to withdraw their support from the NPP and support the UDP,” he said.
In the second half, Lajong scored the first goal in the 61st minute through Rakesh Pradhan.
“We have seen with our own eyes that the damage caused by the flooding of the Umngi River has been huge and if there is no protection measures, the villages of Lalpani and Dangar Dop will be completely destroyed next year. .
Shillong: U James K Sangma, Minister of State for Home Affairs, is currently in quarantine at the Corona Center in Tura.
The meeting was chaired by Bah RM Shabong, owner of U Rupang newspaper, in the presence of members of the committee, beneficiaries, invitees and others. have a willingness to contribute and help those in need.
In our country most people are poor.
H.Challam, Social Worker, District Child Protection Unit, Jowai also gave an explanation on child rights and child abuse.
It will be an evening of indescribable joy for the entire football team of Ri-Bhoi District after its men and women football players have won the title. and a gold medal in the 18-year-old men's and women's category.
We didn't have the opportunity to provide immediate information to the newspapers because of my busy schedule, but it wasn't until Monday 15th September 1967 that I met with the Editor of Nongsain Hima, Bah George Hamilton. and I told him all the incidents and also to Pyrta Riew lum. This strange news of the incident appeared in the Khasi and English newspapers as well.
The girl, who is 5 years old, is from Mawsawa village near Mawsynram.
“I don't want to recognize Dr Mukul Sangma as a leader, the Congress family is now full of trouble at every meeting,” he said.
The ball went to Nengnong, who passed it to Langshiang, who scored the first goal.
Nongpoh, June 11: The Anti-Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) has launched a campaign against the smuggling of drugs on the National Highway-6 in Ri Bhoi District. team today seized drugs from a tourist bus (AS 24C 9855) which was coming from Silchar to Guwahati.
In the Senior category, Ardhenu Mondal won first place, Bobby Lyngdoh second and Gautam Chakraborty third. In the Under-15 category, Advitiya won the third place. AG, Devraj Dutta and Aurick Kandar.
Shillong, July 12: Former North Shillong MLA and VPP candidate from this constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on Tuesday said that the well-being of the people and the rule of law will bring peace to the people. This is because we don't have leaders who have responsibility for the nation and its future and that's why it's time for the people to win more MLAs from the VPP so that Bah Ardent can I have the opportunity to serve the nation as a Prime Minister.
Watch TV, read newspapers and so on. Most of the topics are about the breakdown of families.
Then there are the drivers from the truck drivers, the private drivers now don't have any other way because their owners don't need to employ them anymore but the end of their way is to live temporarily. beat to bat star in Judah.
In Zurich, Chopra will face Jakub Vadlejch of the Czech Republic, Julian Weber of Germany and Anderson Peters of Grenada.
Marak and died due to his injuries.
“Therefore, the union will lodge a complaint with the SP and urge him to punish this officer because his actions are illegal.
He entered the market in the midst of the crowd, struggled with others and passed through the crowd who were shouting and from a distance he saw and heard that they were beating slaves, men and women, young and old. even the elderly and display them on platforms and offer them to people.
Looking at the Khasi Hills, this disease is still rare based on the number of shops selling these drugs. There are only a few shops in Shillong.
The incident occurred at 10.30 pm and several truck drivers were seriously injured.
The CEO also informed that those households who dump toilets into the rivers are illegal and any households in the city who dump their garbage into the rivers will be punished according to Section of the Meghalaya Municipal Act
Now that the VPP has launched a hunger strike programme, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit MLA has launched a hunger strike programme. I don't think about the Government.
K.Thabah, Wanpynkhraw Marboh, Nakishwa Marboh, Bansahnam Nongbet, Banshanborlang Marbaniang, Kyrshanbor.
Listen also to Amitabh Bachchan who said in 'Sholay' that “the ancestors are already dead.
Today alone, a shop in IewMawlong has sold about 1000 song of mluh, which means about 200 song of 50 kilos of mluh.
There are some foods that can cause this problem ; which include high-fat or unprocessed foods, alcohol or too much caffeine.
It would be too long to write this in detail, but just to draw the attention of the people on these important issues especially in these times I have tried as much as I can to write briefly.
He said it is necessary to prepare well before playing chess.
“The government has decided to repeal the ordinance but it does not mean that it does not want to pass a law on Rangbah Shnong.
In the second half, although the players of Shillong Lajong played hard but could not score.
“The parties in the MDA do not want to have a pre-poll alliance because many of the people want to remove the alliance from power,” he said.
He recalled that on 29th November 2014, the two organizations together with the Rangbah Shnongs of Mawlai, in the presence of the SP (Traffic) in a meeting chaired by the Acting DC, Bah CVD Diengdoh, had a meeting with The two organizations also suggested to fix the time of entry and exit of trucks going to FCI, but he expressed his surprise that even after the fix by the SP of East Khasi Hills and SP City. They said that they have no information about the meeting, in an interview with the President of the Sengkmie, Bah Joe Marwein.
Most of the dead were from Mamuju, north of Sulawesi.
This was announced by Desmond Mawlong, Gen Secretary, UDP Nongthymmai Circle.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 68 cases, while in Ribhoi, there are 89 cases and in West Khasi Hills, there are 69 cases.
Ka Sha mulethi : This sha can improve the health of the body and can help if there are stomach problems among other problems.
“He said that as a nation we still need Bah Cherish because he is an intelligent man and therefore the Government authorities are afraid to arrest him alive and for that reason they have taken his life.
The AMALPSA leaders said that there are only 558 adhoc schools but the government has no information about these 667 adhoc schools. also could not give a proper answer.
Another thing I learned from the Fijians was about the theology of interdependence.
He requested the incumbent MLA to help.
Even in the city, those who have digital devices cannot afford them.
He said that the people from Mawbri, Thadnongiaw, Liarbang, Liarkhla, Khlieh Umstem, Mawlasnai to Umtngam and also from Block-II, when they come to complete their work in Shillong, immediately arrive. They went to Bhoirymbong and felt like they were free to walk on the Bye Pass road, but when they came back as soon as they reached Bhoirymbong, they felt like walking on the rough road for hours to get home. .
If there are many police battalions, the state government can ask the central government for a regiment because if there is a regiment, the youth will not only get jobs but will take care of their own jobs. If we get the Meghalaya Regiment, maybe they alone can look after the state to help the police. There is no need for the CRPF anymore and this will make it easier because we understand the language. .
She said that the Ri Lajong Farmer Produce Organization, Ri Bhoi in collaboration with the College of Agricultural Sciences, Umïam has a goal to improve the quality of agriculture. At the same time, they have the goal that the farmers should improve their income through agriculture and also to be able to stand on their own. foot through agricultural activities, she added.
Rymbui said two mobile phones and some necessary documents were seized from Ksankupar and the investigation is ongoing to arrest others involved. don't rap you.
Meghalaya Power Distribution Corporation Limited (MePDCL) has said that MeECL has to pay the debts it has incurred to various electricity distribution companies. which also includes the Power Grid Corporation of India Limited (PGCIL).
Referring to Shella Constituency, Bah Pynthymmai said that in Shella, the UDP has won the MLA seat for 6 times and the same party has won the MDC seat for 10 years. He said that if he comes to power, he will continue to serve the people of the area regardless of the party.
Sanbor was speaking at the ceremony of honoring the youth who have passed the Subham Skill Development Centre. It is located in Rilbong, Shillong.
Because even if they don't come to repair, BSNL should confirm whether it will continue to operate or not, so that the public will know and take the necessary action.
The teachers said that at the Cabinet meeting, the MDA government has decided to pay Income Tax to the officers of the All India Service working in Meghalaya. , as well as people working abroad within the government.
If we know how to take care of God's blessings on this state, it will be a great wealth for the youth.
Ardent said Dr. Don should explain to the public what the relationship or discussion between him and Conrad K Sangma regarding the post of Chief Minister in the state.
The female cow is used in the thanksgiving ceremony to invite the gods to come together and here too the annual ceremony and sacrifice is performed by the President.
APEX is a new and different initiative as AVENUES has developed it in line with the National Education Policy 2020 to introduce science education to teach children how to develop their thinking skills. and to be willing to ask questions and not just accept what they hear or read.
Shillong, which has been known as the Scotland of the East from time to time, has become more and more colorful with the passing of the days and it can be said that it is now one of the most beautiful places. in these days in the marketplace.
“The NPP is a united party.
Fortunately, it was Sunday as there were very few vehicles getting up and down the road and there was no tragic incident.
New Delhi, Lber 05 : Goa have reached the semi final of the 77th Santosh Trophy after beating Delhi 2-1 in the quarter. The second final will be played at the Golden Jubilee Stadium in Yupia, Arunachal Pradesh on Monday.
I am God, and there is no other.
The BSF immediately seized the kyiad and sugar.
It would have been better for the four Congress MLAs to leave the party and join the NPP so that it would not be a waste of the date of the party leading the Opposition.
Those who have closely observed the situation in this country, which we have known as India since before it gained independence from the British, say that there is a risk that it will not come to power. dictatorship.
Prestone Tynsong, Minister of State for Wahkhen, Jansing Tynsong, MDC Lyngkyrdem-Laitkroh, Lyngkyrdem-Laitkroh, MDC Lyngkyrdem-Laitkroh were also present at the Lyngdoh Shad. John F Kharshiing, Chairman of the Village Authorities and others who were invited.
This opens the way for the sharing of findings and best practices and also for the development of climate change adaptation measures in the coming years.
In Rajasthan, 41 new cases have been reported, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 1,2
“The unemployment was getting worse, but no-one was talking about it.
“We are not people who just want to form a new party, I have been asked many times to form a new party but every time I have refused because I don't feel like forming a new party. new," said Mr. Basaiawmoit.
The commencement of the Commerce Stream from Class-XI at Nongtalang College has been launched after 35 years of establishment at Nongtalang College with the aim of providing educational facilities to students in the areas where they live. shong that right.
When asked whether the UDP will not take part in the election if the ECI does not use ballot papers, Bindo said the UDP has not decided not to take part in the election but has expressed its opposition.
J Nongtynger, president of the union, said that the National Green Tribunal (NGT) has given permission to export coal to Bangladesh and has set a deadline for the export of coal to 30th March. 1st of November.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has set up a new branch in Laskein Block known as Laskein Circle.
Men are more difficult to find in such jobs.
Speaking on the occasion, the speakers emphasized on the need to protect water, as water is essential for all living things on earth.
We have also seen that the clash between the two groups has led to the setting fire to a police vehicle at Laitumkhrah Police Station.
Hek said they welcome Adelbert Nongrum if he wants to join the BJP. He said that not only Adelbert, but the BJP party is banned. New Delhi: The Government of India today announced that it will join the BJP, but there should be no conditions for them to join the BJP. says it is closely monitoring China's construction of a new city in China.
Secretaries-  Marki Mulieh, Violet Lyngdoh, Gilbert Nongrum, Reynold Kharkamni, GG Bung Snaitang, Lindin Ch Monin.
He said the BJP demands that the government should expedite the setting up of a Fast Track Court to bring about a speedy trial on cases of violence against women in the state.
Dr. Jemino Mawthoh advised the government to work together with all government departments, Rangbah Shnongs, Village Authorities and the people for the establishment of Emergency Operation Centers in All districts of the state to be aware of the corona virus.
Besides, these schools were implemented by a Public Implementation Committee headed by the MLA as Chairman, which did not include the members of the Managing Committees of the schools.
Domestic workers working from house to house.14.
The District Council should take action on this issue to introduce a Bill to empower the father in the Khasi family.
Mawskei is located on top of a small Hill and to reach Rupari’s house,the team had to climb the hill by foot.
“Don't you know how to come?” he asked his brother.
They are intelligent and can install X-ray, boiler and other equipment...they are the richest people who can conquer the world" Since 1924 there have been young women who have Lesibon, Derila Paley, Estella Nongsteng and Illwebon Tiewtaby who are willing to serve in the hospital.
After six months I started to open the shop where Rida's father used to live in the market.
Kejriwal was tried for alleging that Gadkari is corrupt.
“These crematoria are not only those that have been abandoned but also those that are still mining coal should be buried or filled with soil so that there will be no more deaths of humans or animals or Acid water will not flow freely,” said the report.
The BJP members were shot and burnt down their motorcycles while they were marching to campaign for Panchayat elections in the area. motorcycle in the area.
Shillong, Naitung 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday criticized the inability to produce soybeans due to the lack of technology for the development of the state.
“Not only that, but there are those whose names do not appear on the portal as when they try to upload it does not go and is rejected.
JOWAI: Assam Police together with the Border Magistrate of West Karbi Anglong, Assam have raided Psiar village on the Meghalaya-Assam border. women, children in schools and the public.
However, this year the Parish has been able to start again for the development of the talents of the children in the area.
It should also be considered for those who take loans just to buy old and expensive cars like Maruti 800 or Tata Nano.
As soon as it rains and especially during the rainy season, the roads, paths and streets in the area are filled with jyrsieh. They also expressed their regret that this deterioration and overcrowding of the road has caused problems especially to those who are sick and need to be treated and picked up. dawai sha Khliehriat, sha Jowai, vehicles carrying people, goods and agricultural products often get stuck in the heavy rain and even in the midst of heavy rain they have to leave to drive the chariot to escape the jyrsieh.
Besides, the Government and the Legislative Assembly (DT) of the State have been able to persuade the Government of India to set up NEHU, CIFL, NEC, ICAR, NEEPCO, NEIGHRIMS, Hotel Management and others. the HQ of the Income Tax Office and other central government offices to maintain and improve income and employment.
Shillong, Naitung18 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday inspected the construction of the Mairang-Ranigodown-Azra road, Assam. as another route to Guwahati and Guwahati Airport via Mairang.
There was also a distribution of food and donations to the Khunswet areas by government departments and NGOs.
But who else can control the creation of the fire?
He said that it is surprising that the garbage used to be collected in places like in front of the DC, Lad Kiang Nangbah Road where most of the time when the JMB does not carry garbage, it is full of garbage, but now these places have become clean. There is no one to throw garbage and this also shows that the people have thrown garbage without finding it in quiet places which could cause problems later.
That is why foreigners have the opportunity to come and occupy our country because we Khasi are rich.
The death toll worldwide has risen to 5,043, with 3,176 deaths in China, 1,016 in Italy and 514 in Iran.
“If you remember, even the Rajya Sabha MP Dr. WR Kharlukhi announced the name of Bah Ransom Sutnga at a meeting held at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall to be the NPP candidate. He is still the Executive Engineer of the PWD department,” said Bah Dkhar.
It is to be recalled that the house of Bah Shempor Syngkli was destroyed by the fire on March 23, 2022. the house was destroyed by a terrible fire.
There are 534 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the state so far, 291 cases in East Khasi Hills including 35 cases from Armed Forces and 256 cases from civilians. 9 cases, 4 cases in South West Khasi Hills, 25 cases in Ri Bhoi, 49 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 6 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 97 cases in West Garo Hills. cases including 4 cases from Armed Forces and 93 cases from civilians, 20 cases from South West Garo Hills, 2 cases from South Garo Hills, 24 cases from East Garo Hills and 93 cases from North Garo Hills. there are 7 people.
Bah Gumbris Wahlang said that the violence of the Syiem has destroyed the property of the Hima and has affected thousands of children of the Hima and the Kur Wahlang Phra Kpoh supports the JAC which has gone ahead to lodge a complaint against him. to the Syiem for the purpose of bringing about a clean and transparent government in the Jirang Hima.
Ksanrimai Syiemlieh lodged a complaint that on the night of July 4 and 5, robbers broke into the New Hope De-addiction and Counseling Center for Male in Mawdiangdiang and robbed about T.45,0
Anuj Kundu of Jawaharlal Nehru Higher Secondary School, Phulbari came first in the top 20 category.
Hurdles CC scored 170/8 in 20 overs with Pynshaitbor Girodh scoring 40 runs from 32 balls and Shembhalang Pyngrope taking three wickets. the key 3 Over.
Speaking to reporters at Congress Bhavan, Pilot expressed his confidence in the young candidates and said that even the BJP and the National People's Party (NPP) are trying. I don't want to be in power.
Mizoram has ranked first among the states in the North East in implementing the Jaal Jeevan Mission (JJM) scheme by providing 85.68% of the drinking water supply. to families in the rural areas of the state.
Conrad said the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance-I Government has been able to resolve this issue, which has been pending for 30 years, by fully employing more than 461 teachers of non-government Lower Primary Schools. .
Before Modi's speech, a welcome speech was delivered by BJP President Ernest Mawrie in the presence of Sanbor Shullai, AL Hek, M Kharkrang and other candidates.
So Saul was saved in the name of Jesus.
Maharashtra has so far reported 32 cases, Delhi 10, followed by Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Gujarat, Kerala and West Bengal. these days.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: Leaders of the Education Cell of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Thursday met with the Minister of Education, Rakkam A. Sangam to inform him about the delay in the release of the Speaking to media, KSU Asst Education Secretary Richest Malngiang said that the KSU has sent a letter to the Minister of Education. This is because of the complaints from many students regarding the delay of the Government in releasing the scholarship and some of them have not received the scholarship till date.
It is learned that in Pynursla area, there are thousands of trucks carrying maw and shyiap to Bangladesh without following the rules and regulations. It is also possible that there is a transportation of coal, which is hidden inside.
Shillong, March 14: U Welcome Lyngdoh Mairang, 38, fell from his house at Lumdiengjri, Shillong on the 12th of this month. .HG Robert Hospital, Shillong for treatment but the doctor of the hospital said that the man died after being taken to the hospital.
New Delhi: Lok Sabha MP and National People's Party (NPP) leader Agatha Sangma today demanded the repeal of the Citizenship (Amendment) Act (CAA).
In 1997, he joined Sporting CP. In 2003, he joined Manchester United for £12.2 million (€15 million).
There are 12 teams in the tournament to compete for the title.
A fire broke out in the house of Lucymai V Pohtam, who lives with Dahunmon Lamin Gashnga, on Saturday night during load shedding of MePDCL.
Shillong, March 12: A longkmie from Nongshken Village, Kong Sahitina Ïawim, on Sunday morning, while she was on her way to a house, she came to the road to go to the hospital. In New Hat and Nongshknen, there were about three people whom she knew and alleged that they had been drinking alcohol and spoken rudely to her.
Referring to the upcoming Lok Sabha MP elections, Manuel said that in his constituency there is no peace, although the incumbent MLA of East Shillong constituency is contesting for it. He also suggested that it is necessary to send to the Legislative Assembly Parliament people who can work and in his personal understanding if the NPP is sent it is like sending the party. “Because we have seen that the NPP MP from Tura Agatha Sangma has supported the CAA”.
At a public meeting in Begusarai, Bihar, today, Giriraj Singh told the people to “Shoh beit da u dieng” if there are government employees who do not do their jobs.
Police have taken possession of the body and found that the woman had no clothes on her body or patlun.
He said that the allegation of violence in the government is not true and Lambor said that the Chief Minister does not interfere with the work he has already assigned to the government. ministers, but the important thing is for the individual ministers to show their own way of working.
The celebration was held with thanksgiving and was also marked by the display of weapons such as swords and spears which were part of the weapons of the ancients.
She added that the winners of this competition will represent the district at the state level.
Adding to his speech, the Minister acknowledged that it is a policy across the country that any state which has its own medical college does not receive a doctorate. other states.
Nongpoh, Nailur 26: A Maruti Van (AS 01 BP 2426) has collided with another vehicle at Patharkhmah village today.
“However, at this meeting there was an elder who said 'yes these villages belong to Meghalaya'
Speaking on the occasion, Mukul said that the opening of the court will give hope to the people to get a speedy trial.
He said the budget for 2018-19 is T.2,0000000 and the expenditure is T.1,61,46,7
I have nothing to say about the Supreme Court's decision, as I am a minister of the Indian government,” Irani said at a meeting in Mumbai.
The incident which happened this morning has appeared in the media, when it was alleged that the company that built the stadium is Badri Rai Company (BRC) the same company. The construction of the Legislative Assembly at Mawdiangdiang, where the dome collapsed on 22nd June
Bah Roy said that if the shop did not use gas, it would have been better if the shop had not used gas.
The forests along the Rash and Umngot rivers are private forests for cultivation of Tympew, Synsar and others.
The former MLA was welcomed by the Rangbah Shnong Bah I.Rynjah, Secretary Bah O Kharumnuid, Village Officers and Leaders of the Seng Samla. meeting at the Primary School of the Village.
About seven shops have been closed down by the Enforcement Wing of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) after it was found that the owners of the shops were operating without a trade license. when there was a sudden earthquake that was carried out in Judea on Sunday morning.
Furthermore, from now on, other hospitals in Shillong (except government hospitals) should be more careful and vigilant to explain whether they are guilty of any crime or even being punished. Not only that, independent doctors (who are not appointed by the ministers of the Meghalaya government) from other places like Delhi, Mumbai, USA, China, etc should inquire/research to verify whether it is true on the explanations of these 2 Chief Doctors of the state of Meghalaya so that it will be clear to the public who is right and who is wrong. Except for the explanation of these two Directors of these Hospitals in Shillong.
They also demanded that the staff of the crematorium should be trained to prevent the spread of COVID1
The CBI should proceed against the 123 persons involved in the construction and others who have benefited from this illegal activity.
R Biswa, in 2011, with T.6,820 and other payments, Anu Rachal in 2011, with T.6,820 and other payments, Salim Ahmed in 2012, with T.6,820 and other payments. Kaka Singh, in 1978, T.6,660 and other payments, Mangal Singh, in 1991, T.9,800 and other payments Jagir Singh in 1983, with a salary of T.9,800 and other payments, Bikram Basfore in 1983, with a salary of T.11,830 and other payments, Manoranjan Singh in , Shendra Singh in 1978, on payment of T.12,700 and others, Shendra Singh, in 1978, on payment of T.12,990 etc., Chamanlal, in 1976, on a salary of T.12,990, Nazir Massi, in 1977, on a salary of T.12,990 and others.
Such attitudes become a disease that destroys the body, the family, the society and the nation as a whole.
Nongpoh: A 32-year-old man from Pahamsyiem village has gone missing inside the Nongkhyllem Wildlife Sanctuary while he was hunting with his friends.
Sonia Gandhi also agreed that the Congress prime ministerial candidate will be announced publicly and in due course.
Four of the injured were students of the school.
This came after the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on 2nd June, convened a meeting with a team of UNICEF officials led by Dr. Madhulika Jonathan, Chief of UNICEF. Assam and North East States to consult in this regard.
Through this decision, the closure of the dam will end until 5 pm on July 14,
Such things are rare, here and throughout the world.
SHILLONG: The song “Hey Kong Branded” is a new Khasi song, featuring the tyngshop, Comingstar Lyngdoh and the puron, Ika Sutnga and sung and composed by Khlur Lyngdoh.
The VPP on Tuesday held a sit-in protest to demand the government to amend the reservation policy, in which VPP leader Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit called on the people to come and wait for the reservation policy. The answer will be given at the all-party meeting on Tuesday.
"Well, I'll come right away..." said Bah Shanbor. After that, Bah Shanbor got up from his seat and went to see if they were ready.
Speaking on the occasion, the Director of JHDS urged and encouraged these trainees to make good use of the skills and training they have received to bring income to the household. their house.
He also mentioned the agreements with institutions like IIM Kolkata, saying, “Our agreement with IIMs which provide training in trade ensures that local entrepreneurs are prepared in addition to skills in addition to access to financial support.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20 : Although the education department has paid little attention to the heroes and freedom fighters of the country from the North East, the Central Government has now paid a lot of attention to the development and “It will bring about a closer relationship between the people of this region and those in other parts of India,” said the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. Speaking at the Purvottar Swabhiman Utsaw meeting in Guwahati today.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Central Body today demanded that the state government should appoint a CBI inquiry into the allegations of corruption in the Saubhagya scheme. Speaking to reporters, HYC General Secretary Roy Kupar Synrem said that the HYC has already sent a letter to the Minister. Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong and Cabinet Secretary, Minister of Power, Government of India on the issues and corruption in the implementation of the Saubhagya Scheme in the state.
He added that he does not believe that the decision of the High Court is right.
Following the DC's order, the Sengbhalang also met with the Executive Engineer RE Construction Division Nongstoin MeECL, Bah Shullet. MDC election and will also talk to the authorities.
The cleanliness drive was held at Treriat and started from Mot Woh Kiang Nangbah to Jingkieng Nar.
We will start meeting with the Regional Committees and we the two Prime Ministers to move forward with the work”.
From the scene, BSF recovered a plate containing 1,44,000 Bangladesh rupees (Taka), T.32,000 Indian rupees and a mobile phone containing two Bangladeshi Simcards.
The Government of Meghalaya, by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, has appealed to all the citizens of the State, to pray for the employees of the Meghalaya Government. health, in the fight against Covid
The highest CTC offered is 71.3 LPA, while Consulting & Strategy and Finance posts have received the highest CTC of 41.0 LPA. that the skills of the students.
He stressed on the Act East Policy which the central government has set as a target to develop the region on par with other parts of the country.
Furthermore, as an MLA or Leader of the People, he urged the leaders of the Western Ri Bhoi Dorbar to share that responsibility for the welfare of the people and said that there will be no “The challenge is if the leaders and the people will give that cooperation for the development and bring about the change in the development that the people of Ri Bhoi Sepngi need,” he added.
Another provision further states that a wife is married to her husband and therefore, she should not hand over a maid to provide for her husband's needs.
In his speech, the Minister urged the people to pray for the victims of the blast in Williamnagar on Saturday.
According to information, there are four MLAs who are contesting from the Congress.
“This donation not only shows the importance of the construction of our school, but also shows the importance of the collaboration between the private sector and education departments for the development of path and build the future," school officials said.
It is to be recalled that our state is known as a state where most of the people are Christians but why are there so many evil deeds? Isn't it right that we should surprise people from these bad habits and behaviour? Many times when I walk through the market and when I ride especially on the buses I feel sad and sometimes I feel ashamed to look because many From the elderly as well as the youngsters, the day has not yet passed but they have walked around and if they get on the bus if they don't have a place to stand, they can't sleep.
On the other hand, Bah Boby Nongbet DSO of Ri-Bhoi District invited and invited the public to witness the National Sports Day as an encouragement to the public to encourage them to play sports to avoid bad habits. .
Meanwhile, the vehicle (AS 11 T-1645) was found abandoned in a forest in Byndihati and was taken to Khliehriat Police Station.
The President of the Khasi Authors' Society (KAS), Dr. DRL Nonglait on Tuesday said that he will not apply for a ticket to contest the Lok Sabha elections from the United Democratic Party. (UDP) is the world's largest political party.
The PSO, Sadam Sangma, was shot dead while police were on their way to Durama to raid Sohan's house.
A source from the JHADC said that the EC took this decision yesterday after carefully considering their work regarding the installation of their revenue collection gates on the highway. .
“It is sad that although we have three women ministers, none of them has taken action to protect women from divorce although they keep talking about empowering women,” he said. Bah Syiem said that he will hold a one-day strike on the day of the first session of the State Legislative Assembly this year to raise the demand for the implementation of the Act.
Ten cases were reported from Kamrup, seven from Kokrajhar and one from Barpeta, Nagaon and Jorhat districts.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah RJ Thangkhiew Political Secretary of RBYF Sengkmie, as the chief guest in the presence of Samla Alberto Nongsiej President Nongpoh Circle, Samla Shanborlang Mawphniang Assistant Secretary, leaders of Mawtnum Unit and the people. who came to witness the final match.
It is learned that there is also a footbridge in the village, which has been beautifully built by the village authorities, without using prek to strengthen the siej.
He scored the second goal in the 33rd minute before A.Nongspung scored the third goal.
to tip The actions of that person surprise us Khasi Niamtre religions to be careful of those devils who deceive us.
She said that to fight against this disease we need the cooperation of the village leaders and the residents and in this fight against this disease the village leaders have a great role to play in They have the power to disseminate information quickly to all the villages whether urban or rural and through the help of the village leaders we can quickly disseminate the information about this disease in relation to the outward signs. and also to convey to the people the information on how to prevent the spread of the disease and the treatment options available from government health centres.
“We urge the people of Meghalaya not to allow the BJP to invade the state”.
Thank you Mr. Elington Sungoh Chairman Joint Committee, Mynso. It is very good that the Village Council of Mynso Pyllun has organized such a special event.
Shortly after, he joined the GNLA in November 2009 when Sohan and Champion R Sangma formed the GNLA. Bhaichung also alleged that Sohan D Shira has been involved in the destruction of the GNLA because Sohan has been trying to enrich himself and his family in the last five years in the name of the GNLA. He alleged that Sohan D Shira ran the GNLA as his house and gave the money to his wife, Sengchi Ch Momin and others. His brothers including Salte, Ponty, and other relatives to deposit the money.
In another match, SGH were bowled out for 101 in 18.3 overs after winning the toss and elected to bat first.
There is no doubt that this method will also face challenges in terms of obtaining land to run the oil pipeline.
This product belongs to a company called Huanguang.
“I don't know if there will be such a meeting to call an MP,” said one Congress member.
He said that the DC has informed them that they cannot issue the order as it is the order of the Meghalaya High Court.
Bingo Chyrmang scored the first goal in the 67th minute.
The strike of the teachers will continue as announced earlier after the state government has treated the teachers unfairly.
He also sent for the selection of the players ahead of the match against Afghanistan, where India won 2-1 and the names include those who should start and those who shall come later and those who shall sit down.
Meghalaya Cement Ltd, also known as Topcem Cement, today launched a tree planting program in the surrounding areas of the Cement Plant to create a green environment. The employees of Topcem Cement, from time to time, have been planting trees and the surrounding areas of the factory are also full of trees. There are also green houses in the company, there is also a place where flowers are planted, there is also a place called Green Colony. The factory has a large number of trees inside the company, which has prevented the factory from being destroyed by the dewbilat.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The employees of Komorrah Lime Stone Ltd, under the banner of Komorrah Lime Stone Quarry's Workers Union, have protested against the discrimination against them by the management of the company.
Due to the lack of clean water for drinking, tankers belonging to the Water Supply Department of the State Government have been brought in. these people will be able to go home.
Shillong, March 12: Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Friday held talks with Railway Minister Ashwini Vaishnaw regarding the replacement of the North East Express Mail in Buxar District of Bihar. I left Guwahati and went to Delhi.
“The police have to be more vigilant and take a firm decision to fight crime," she said.
He also congratulated the office bearers of Narwan Thwai Salong to continue to run this school for the benefit of the children who are the future of the community.
The names approved by the PEC will be sent to Delhi for final approval from the All India Congress Committee (AITC).
He said the party has only three MPs from the North East and Rahul Gandhi has taken responsibility for this.
He said the government should also suspend the application process until the Reservation Policy of the state is finalised.
The Assam team includes Tonmoy Bikash Borah, Isharani Baruah, Abishek Borah, Jayraj Pegu and Manali Bora.
The five states that performed best in this regard were Telangana, Tamil Nadu, Odisha, Uttar Pradesh and Himachal Pradesh with the highest number of villages recognized as ODF Plus.
Shillong, July 28 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Urban Affairs, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, was the chief guest to unfurl the flag and receive salute from the march past groups at Resubelpara. The 75th Republic Day of the country will be celebrated on 26th July 2024 at Resubelpara Mini Stadium.
The four candidates for the party are RA Lyngdoh, Tin, Fedrick Lyngkhoi, Wankupar Syiemlieh and Braston Kharphuli.
"Many MLAs like me, who have come out of their own pockets to help the athletes and various sports teams; since this government has completely abolished all the schemes for the athletes," he said. added Zenith.
“There are many people who say that you can get a job if you know how to speak Hindi.
Explaining on the allocation, Prestone Tynsong said that the allocation for these roads is not less than T.300 crore, which will be funded by the World Bank.
These CCTV cameras have been installed as a means of curbing illegal activities that may happen in the area especially during the protests of the political parties in the state.
It has a seating capacity of 574 people.
However, it is sad to hear that some of the people have not been able to receive the assistance from the MLA scheme, because it has been alleged that it has been only a fulfillment of the rules, or that it has helped only those who have not received the assistance. In addition to that, they support only those who have a relationship and many other issues to pass laws on who should receive and how they should receive.
“We call on all political parties including the Congress party to join hands to show that this is not a political issue,” said Bah Mawthoh.
This flood has shocked the residents of Shnongpdeng and has also caused a huge loss especially in terms of tourism for those hundreds of people who live from this industry in Shnongpdeng.
They also said that Dasakhiatbha Lamare has been able to bring about many development projects, including schools and other development projects in the villages. develop, have reached hundreds of billions.
This happened on Saturday, the Independence Day of India, when the residence of the Governor of Meghalaya was opened and allowed to enter.
This was announced in a statement by Bah HS Suting, Secretary of the Committee.
Part time JobApplications are invited for part time job.
The DC said the date of the opening will be announced later.
The lockdown was accompanied by the KSU Khliehriat Circle under the leadership of SS Ñiangti and the district body leaders under the leadership of Bah Ohibait Dkhar President.
Earlier, the match between Demthring and Khimusniang ended in a draw without any goals.
After meeting with many Delhi Ministers, he had the opportunity to meet with Amit Shah.
To prevent the spread of COVID-19, the Ministry of Education has taken another step by directing the school authorities through the teachers to prepare awareness campaigns for the students on Preventive measures against the spread of this disease which has claimed many lives in Meghalaya and India as a whole.
Speaking at a public hearing or common platform held by the Dorbar Shnong Wahingdoh, the VPP candidate said, “The change now is from you personally and not from anyone else.
The Round Table India through its Shillong Chapter and Shillong Ladies Circle has opened five classrooms at Mohan Massar Upper Primary School to provide education to the students from poor families.
Furthermore, they demanded that the farmers who come from the rural areas to Shillong by commercial vehicles should not be taken advantage of in terms of vehicle fare.
“The Clean and Green Campaign is another target of the government to award clean villages and Iosohksang village received an award of T.5 lakh last year for its ability to He urged the villages to clean up and the prize will be T.10 lakh,” he said.
Nongpoh: Ka Kong Aimeri Iawphniaw (30) of Umsohlaper village, Mawlasnai, who has been missing since the 10th of this month, has been found by the Assam Police this evening. Guwahati.
A firearm and a knife were recovered from the house and two others involved in these incidents were also arrested, the report said.
First she spoke about her sorrow for the Kongthei's slanderous speech.
The Chancellor of WCU said that there is a need to improve the drafting of laws regarding private universities to comply with the laws issued by the University Grants Commission (UGC).
As an MLA, he will try in the coming years to involve all the government departments which used to hold such markets to hold only one large market in the district which can be held 2 or 3 times a year. per year so that it will be of benefit to the farmers to promote their products and at the same time to market them well.
The city is under the control of the Syrian government and falls in Idlib province.
The RSS newspaper, Organizer.org, today published an article exposing the wealth of truck drivers to various newspapers in Assam.
At the time of writing, no one was injured in the incident.
The two leaders greeted and shook hands and spoke to the media.
The State Government through the Department of Sports & Youth Affairs on Tuesday announced that it will hold a ceremony to honor the athletes of the State who have recently won their medals. their journey to fight abroad.
However, as the earth entered the house with a strong force, it broke the block wall from the inside and the lyntang from above.
The mother and her daughters were busy preparing the meal.
The deterioration of the traditional dress with the passing of the days shows that the Khasi people have become poorer and poorer with the passing of the days.
Despite many complaints to the authorities, those who build illegal houses in Laitumkhrah area are still continuing their construction and now new buildings are emerging in violation of the laws. land operating in the state.
After seeing in various media reports on the dismissal of 15 indigenous youths by the management of the ICAR department run by the Central Government, the union is very angry. to the youth especially the leaders of the Sengbhalang from RI Bhoi.
The Bangladesh government has implemented the distribution of Tk 720 million and so far, Tk 550 million has been distributed and so far, 450,000 households have received the money. .
The Superintendent of Police (City) East Khasi Hills, Bah Vivek Syiem, said that they have received a tip that there is a gang of robbers who used to rob and deceive truck drivers to persuade their owners to buy jhur at a reasonable price.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 22: U Phagu Chauhan, Governor of Meghalaya, today arrived at Mawkyrwat in the presence of BDR Tiwari, IAS, Commissioner and Secretary to the Governor of Meghalaya. T. Lyngwa, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, Mawkyrwat with a salami at the Circuit House, Mawkyrwat in the presence of Rajiv Sharma, Commandant of BSF, JD Kharwanlang and others government employees.
At 2 pm, a fire broke out at Cherra Presbyterian Secondary School in Nongsawlia, Sohra and after a few minutes the fire spread to all parts of the school.
As young people who have that concern for their nation to protect the children of thousands of the kingdom to escape from the destruction of the customs and traditions of the rule of law.
Shillong: An earthquake struck at around 4:00 pm this morning.
Due to the war between the two countries which has led to the athletes losing their games in the European Olympic qualifiers, the OCA has decided to opened the way for them through the Asian tournament.
This college is not located in Amlarem, it is located in Amlatdoh.
Nine persons were taken to Gwalior Medical College.
amen.
Hard work has also been done to ensure the opening, improvement and upgrading of about 2000 health centers in the state so that the people do not face any problems when they are sick.
Why do Christians who go to church sin when they leave church? The reason is that they think that God is only in the church.
The lack of border demarcation has caused a lot of suffering to the Khasi people since the independence of Meghalaya until now. u tree light.
She replied that the land had been cultivated for many years.
Speaking to media, Bah Tynsong said the MHA has returned the MRSSAB without giving any approval.
The driver of the vehicle had come to collect ration from Tura, West Garo Hills District and when he returned, he carried stone blocks to build a barracks for the army at Sahbsein.
Vidarbha scored two centuries, Mokhade scored 265 runs and Danish Malewar scored 205 runs (not out). Vidarbha scored 542 runs for the loss of wicket and led Meghalaya to 416 runs.
Although other political parties have intensified their election campaign with slogans against the NPP-led MDA Government, Conrad refused to slap hands but insisted on the development and peace of the country. The NPP Government has brought services to the people of the State in the last five years and has put the welfare and aspirations of the people first.
Any nation that threatens the Hynniewtrep people will be in trouble.
The games at the festival include jngi, swimming and sailing.
“Actually I wish we had less than 40 it would be better but finally we have 45 now.
On the lack of clean toilets, sleeping quarters, inadequate garbage dumps, and many other problems that the management has not been able to provide, Bah PT Sawkmie said that the MSOA has greatly disappointed Meghalaya and he condemned in this regard.
The High Court on Tuesday sentenced him to imprisonment for up to 30 years and a fine of T.50,000 under Section 6 of the POCSO Act and Section 428 of the CrPC. Mawthadraishan. , November, 1: The FKJGP Mawthad-raishan Circle, one of the organizations that looks after the welfare of the community in the state, has received a complaint from the farmers of the area that there is no Dr. Veterinary. Mawthadraishan Block, the doctor who is here does not know how to speak Khasi, which is a big problem for the people to speak, because many of the farmers and farmers do not understand. know how to speak English.
The foundation stone of the school was laid by Bah Mayralborn Syiem on 21st June last year, but on the first day of the month it was opened. The school building, which has up to 6 classrooms, has been able to provide services to the students of the area.
“It doesn't mean that I am a politician and I know everything.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Paul said the Government has appreciated the decision taken by the BSF to arrest the members of its troops, who shot dead Bah Roning Nongkynrih in Mawshun on the 5th of this month. January 10th.
Police have seized 1,12,097 ml of IMFL and 7,74,000 ml of pyrsi.
Shillong, March 27: A Maruti Van (AS01 AG 8909) has collided with a Maruti Van (AS01 AG 8909) on Umsaw, Umiam, Ribhoi District. Mary Land School, Lad Sharai Mawlein, to drop them off at their home in Umsawlum village after school.
In fact, the Central Government has conducted a survey of the road to Ri-Bhoi and has a plan to extend the railway line to New Shillong.
“We have the customs and traditions of Khadar rule, we have it ki himas where the Syiem is the overseer and the ruler and judge and we also have the raids overseen by the Sordar and the villages overseen by the rangbah. They look after the welfare of the villagers,” said Bah Pyniaid.
The Dorbar Shnong Chyrmang Neiñ in its complaint has admitted that the Ïong Scot area still falls within the boundary of the Dorbar Shnong Chyrmang Neiñ and the festival was planned to be held without the permission or NOC from the Dorbar Shnong Chyrmang Neiñ. In this regard, the Additional Deputy Commissioner PK Boro promised to take action to avoid any inconvenience.
“Another reason why they have withdrawn is because if it is not the will of all the leaders, it will lead to division in the party.
World Press Freedom Day was declared by the General Assembly of the United Nations in 1993 after the 26th General Conference of UNESCO in
In 1973, the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya introduced and passed the Meghalaya Residential Permit Bill, 1973 and according to this Act, any foreigner and foreigner who intends to stay in Meghalaya for more than 4 years. They have to apply for permission from the government for 10 months and without the permission of the government, if they remain without permission beyond that period, they will be expelled and punished with imprisonment or fine.
T. Austerholm, Director of the Center for Infectious Diseases, said that we must be disciplined to follow the guidelines and regulations of the Government to prevent the spread of the disease such as masks to protect the face, the physical distancing and sanitizing at all times.
Although the traffickers have been able to smuggle drugs into the state, it is not easy for them to continue, due to the vigilance of the police department which has fought and tried to crack down on drugs and others. alcoholic beverages from the state.
A day after he criticized West Bengal Congress chief Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury for questioning TMC chief Mamata Banerjee's willingness to join the synrop. INDIA, many posters and boards bearing the image of Congress President Mallikarjun Kharge have been defaced and attacked especially those in the party's headquarters. I'm in Kolkata on Sunday.
There are many reasons why the people of this village have left the village, the lack of drinking water, the hills, the burial grounds, the burning of farmland and the loss of the foundation of the land. shyiap and their boundaries.
There could be a power struggle between the Chief Minister of the MDA government and the Governor as happened in the AAP government in Delhi, the TMC in Kolkata and Rajasthan.
However, as mentioned earlier, when they received this authority from the people, they were stupid.
On the other hand, Bah George B.Lyngdoh and Bah James Lyngdoh, the top leaders of the TMC in the state, also explained to the people about the foundation of the TMC party. for the people to bring about change in all aspects.
“We will immediately send a letter not to issue NOC for the road to the relevant authorities,” said the CEM. This is the decision not to issue NOC for this Twolane road.
Commander Shangpliang, one of the filmmakers in the state and who produced the Khasi film Khyndai Lad, has expressed his regret to see that the district authorities have ordered the closure of shops from 10 pm on Khyndai Lad is the center of Shillong.
Now that the government has almost completed the construction of the slaughterhouse in Mawiong, the buyers should know in advance the health of the animals because if they bring meat to be slaughtered at the slaughterhouse, if it is found that they do not long healthy shall not be cut off.
On this occasion, there were also entertainment games in accordance with the theme of the programme.
Shillong, November 16: A day after the arrival of MPCC President DD Lapang in Delhi to meet Sonia Gandhi, KHADC Chief Minister Pynshngaiñ N Syiem today arrived in Delhi to meet with Sonia Gandhi. This is the Congress.
Cigarettes and alcohol are still available.
Bamon Myrchiang scored the first goal for SWO in the 48th minute.
Shillong, June 30: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and the Tripura Tribal Area Autonomous District Council (TTAADC) have called for talks to convene all the ADCs in the state. across the states of North East India to join together to strengthen the demand from the Government of India to provide special protection laws for the indigenous people in these States.
Speaking to u SP City, BD Marak, he said that unidentified persons have detonated a petrol bomb at the office of the Transport Commissioner. you are in the office, but you don't see if there is anything wrong.
In the incident, besides the tar in the shop, there were also vehicles parked outside the shop.
Shillong: U Simon Siangshai, former MLA and MDC, has decided to contest the 2019 MDC election from Moosniang Rngat Constituency, which he has won twice as MDC. Simon has won three terms as MLA from Khliehriat Constituency, formerly known as Rymbai Constituency.
NS Langrin, Sordar of Maweit Village, said that the incident was reported on the morning of July 17,
The meeting which started from 7 pm to 2 pm was attended by all the Rangbah Dong, Women's Wing and Youth Wing at Nongkwar Secondary School.
The union has found that some youths have applied for the post of Unarmed Branch Constable but after passing the interview and after receiving the appointment letter they have been transferred to the Armed Branch Battalion. the union said this was against the recruitment process.
Shillong: The Voice of the People (VPP) will hold a rally at Polo Ground on the 18th October, 2023 at 11 am.
This also highlights the importance of collaboration and information sharing which is a source of hope for those affected by these types of illnesses.
It was also decided that the land claims will be reviewed by the regional committees from the two states to reach the best decision to resolve the border dispute.
It is learned that the vehicle has been driving from midnight until it reached the bottom of the river.
He studied Missiology in Rome for 4 years (2007-2010).
He said that the reason why the woman could not return to her village was because the Secretary of the village said that the village stands by the decision it had taken before expelling her.
New Delhi, Jymmang 27: The new Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi today took a special occasion to meet former Prime Minister Dr. Man Mohaon Singh at Motilal Nehru Place, Motilal Nehru Place, India. your new residence.
The District Chief said that this order will come into force immediately until another order is issued.
What I as a resident cannot understand is that: When there is a shortage of water, the electricity distribution system will be introduced due to the shortage of electricity production. The rivers have turned into floods and filled with snow, and the electricity supply to the residents of the state has been suspended due to the excessive water levels.
Speaking at a meeting of the Congress party at the State Central Library, Shillong today, Dr Mukul said the BJP's threat to pass the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) The ILP has been introduced in the state along with other stronger laws.
“The court has ordered the remand of Bah Dorphang for 14 days,” he said.
Without giving any other reason and if the government itself will listen, it should have paid for the request of all of us government employees.
For the construction of roads, ULBs or their Public Works Departments will need to develop guidelines for the use of lighter plastics in road construction.
Therefore, those who are not members of the Nongstoin BCC have left because they understand that this is their household chore.
“Here I will tell you that it is very different, the people don't understand the schemes that you have brought suddenly but they know who I am. “It's not like Dr. Mukul Sangma,” he said.
Shillong: Speaking to reporters on the support of Meghalaya MP Agatha K Sangma for the Citizen Amendment Bill in the Lok Sabha, Shillong East MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the leaders of the Lok Sabha the political parties supporting the NPP should see and understand.
Summing up the speeches of the Jirang MLA, Sosthenes Sohtun and the PD of DRDA, Ri Bhoi, Raja Brahma, said that most of the villages in the Patharkhmah Civil Sub Division are The Civil Sub Division has been introduced to prevent more development works from coming to the villages, but if those government employees or officers don't take action to carry the burden It is difficult to bring about changes in the development and welfare of the people in the area, they added.
The NGT has banned coal mining and has also ordered the closure of several schools and churches in parts of Jaintia Hills.
In this regard, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawpat Pyllun said that the Dorbar Shnong was shocked to receive the news that the body of the child was found inside the garbage truck. the day called an emergency meeting of village leaders.
Four more people have died of COVID-19 and 478 new cases have been confirmed on Friday.
The Rangbah Shnong of Wapungskur, Satly Ryngkhlem, said that the transfer of the Khliehriat C&RD Block from Khliehriat to Wapungskur is a blessing to the people of many villages in the area. government department and the rural people of the area.
On the other hand, Churchill Brothers, led by Argentine coach Edgardo Malvestiti, are ninth with nine points after winning two, drawing two and losing three.
Speaking on the environmental conservation of the ancients through their conservation of forests, the Chief Guest urged everyone to cooperate in the planting and maintenance of trees for the development and preservation of the forests. the nature and its surroundings.
Another demand is that the government should issue a notification that 2021 will be the Year of the Farmers.
On the proposal to establish the MMDSL, Ampareen said the MMDSL is to strengthen the procurement of medicines and to streamline the distribution of medicines to ensure the smooth running of the country. distribution of medicines, maintenance of medical equipment in health facilities in the State, issuance of tenders, billing and others to ensure the smooth distribution of medicines in the State.
The chief guest, Kong Badarisha Lyndem, in her speech, encouraged the students to continue to work hard together with the preservation of their identity so that they can be a great honor to their family, community and that they may bring forth more and more glory before the world.
“We don't trust the ECI EVM because we want the conduct of the elections to be clean and free from doubt,” he said.
Donbok is only a TV manufacturer with two wheels, but the surprising thing is that he has been able to imagine until he can drive a car.
Shanborlang Khongjee scored three goals (in the 2nd, 37th and 50th minutes) following a hattrick and 10 goals for Ri-Bhoi. by Prince Lang Roi L. Light (20) min.
If you have any questions, please contact the Governor and recommend to the Center (Government of India) that the President of Meghalaya should be appointed.
Only ambulances and other essential vehicles will be issued.
However, the Dean assured us that these employees are temporary employees and that there will be an interview for these positions.
Shillong, July 30: The 13 Sengbhalang who have been protesting for the ILP, have expressed their desire to know from the state government, the laws, which it intends to implement, as they have already spoken to the government. month of June last year.
Not only that, they need to know the rules of driving, because we often find that those who drive on the road, are these ambulances and these cause a lot of trouble to other drivers, especially to those who are trying to drive.
This month falls within the celebration of Road Safety Week, the police department in charge of traffic safety, has taken its turn to walk around the city to spread the word. The message to the public is how to take care of themselves while driving.
To plant these 10.5 million trees, the government has received a grant of T.10 crore from the UNDFCC. These 10 million trees have been planted in 303 watersheds across the state.
Speaking to Rupang, he said that in fact his intention to contest the election is not for the mid-term elections but for the purpose of talking to Maieid Hoping. 2018 because the maieid has repeatedly expressed to him that he wants to contest the 2018 election from Nongstoiñ Constituency.
He said that this is one of the ways to reduce the congestion in Shillong.
The disease, like pneumonia, has killed 25 people, including 24 in China's Hubei province and one in Hebei.
It is to be recalled that 13-14 Bangladeshi suspects first attacked Lad Darang and robbed and injured two Khasi youths on the 4th July 2010 and these same Bangladeshis in On the 7th of this month, they attacked Amdoh village and injured two BSF personnel and two civilians.
The two churches which received the assistance from the MDC to build these places of worship include the Mawraja Presbyterian Church and the Umbi Catholic Church in the village. At least.
The coach of the state team, Khlaiñ Pyrkhat Syiemlieh, said, “It is a great pleasure to play in this country.
The VPP took the decision to write to the Prime Minister and Speaker of the House at a meeting held on Tuesday to discuss the matter.
The Word dwelt among the people of Israel.
Paisal Ali took the first wicket for 1/34 without scoring any runs, but in the second innings Meghalaya were bowled out for 81 runs. run in which Manipur was declared the winner.
The team will leave Meghalaya on the 20th of this month.
Shillong, Lber 31: The Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the police department has set up two numbers where the public can complain regarding the MP election. District.
Furthermore, they receive only 100 tyngka when they attend the regular meetings of the Village Health and Sanitation Committee.
The delegation also inspected the construction of the new Legislative Assembly at Mawdiangdiang.
Ravi Hongal, 49, has been passionate about photography since he was a child and when he grew up, he built his own house, which is exactly like the image of a woman. camera.
The event was attended by District Administration, Army, Police, NDRF, SDRF, Fire and Emergency Services, Hospitals, Schools, Colleges, Civil Society Groups, Villagers, Members of Bharat Scouts and Guides, Indian Red Cross Society, NSS, Aapda Mitra and others.
Replying to a question whether they have received permission from the Deputy Commissioner (DC) to hold the protest again, Banri said that the permission will expire today at 10:00 pm. 6 p.m.; and on their part they shall ask for permission.
“It cometh unto the day that the LORD shall pour upon the house of David, and upon the inhabitants of Jerusalem, the Spirit of grace and of supplication” Zechariah 12:1
Dr Anil Saini, a physician, said that most of the tumors in the patient's stomach were 6.5cm long and it took half an hour to remove them from the stomach. of that person.
Therefore, if you don't have the spirit of fighting once again like Tirot Singh, the nation will one day become a slave in its own country.
From the beginning kenosis was with God.
Jowai, July 10: Police in West Jaintia Hills have received a complaint from the mother of a 9-year-old girl who has escaped from the rape of a 13-year-old girl. of age.
C.Pynsakhiat Yeini Kyndiah December 28, 2023 The year passes, the time changes, only in the stories we hear even if we don't see those years that have passed.
This has been seen in many places where the security forces, from the police, VDPs of different villages have to patrol well so that people cannot enter and leave such places. At this time, however, despite the tight security, there are still cases of entry and exit from one place to another without any permission from the District authorities.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, said that besides struggling to bring about development in the villages within the constituency, he is also more concerned about the villages on the border. These villages have received these development schemes through the Inter State Border Area Development Program and also through the SRWP scheme. U Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, said that he has worked hard in relation to the border villages and those under the Nongpoh Constituency. , there will be about 23 border villages in the area, which will benefit from the border schemes.
At the foot of the western side of this Mawlyngdoh there is a hill which is the shelter of the houses of Nongsynrieh.
Vincent Pala also urged the Meghalaya government to deliver food items to all the people of Meghalaya during the curfew in India and urged the people of the state to follow the curfew. The government has launched a series of measures to fight against the corona virus.
And Joseph said, Potiphar, my master, hath not withheld from me any thing, but thee, because thou art his wife: how then can I do this great wickedness, and sin against God? .
Police said no damage was reported except for burnt tires on the road.
Shillong: "Solar electricity is very important especially in the villages where many of the street lights are not working in the remote areas where crime is rampant," said the MLA of 17 North Shillong. U Bah Adelbert Nongrum before distributing solar lights to 16 Dorbar Shnongs of Jaïaw Shyiap and Lumpyllon constituency today.
It is not too late for MeECL and the state government to think about the construction of Thermal Power Plants as we still have plenty of coal around.
Shillong, Lber 19: Two Chief Executive Members of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) have resigned and handed over their resignation letters to the Speaker of the House, Teilinia Thangkhiew.
The CSWO has questioned the government whether Mawblei is the parking lot for four government buses.
Police from the ANTF on Tuesday arrested a 26-year-old woman from Them Metor, Iew Mawlong and seized 99.21 grams of heroin including 51 grams of heroin. empty boxes, 13 boxes of soap, one mobile phone and Aadhaar card.
The magistrate's inquiry will look into several questions in relation to BJP state vice president Bernard N Marak.
India is the country of Buddha and Gandhi.
If the BJP can form a government, it is clear that the Congress will sit in the Opposition because these parties cannot cooperate at all.
T.Bn NI Moody Lyngdoh, Secretary of the Managing Committee, while briefing on the history of the school, said that the school started at the Basic School in the village. The Lyngong Presbyterian Church which is the Sponsoring Body, the school has grown from year to year and many students have passed from this school to be in different ranks of society.
Shillong: The KSU North Khasi Hills District today visited Khlieh Umwang to donate tins to the Khlieh Umwang LP School which falls under the Raid Nongtung of Ri Bhoi District.
Furthermore, the State Government Departments will also participate in various sports such as Football, Cycling, Walkathons and Basketball.
The killing came after ISIS killed about 300 government employees, including soldiers, in the past two days across the city after capturing it. the red flag of ISIS in the historic Syrian city.
After his arrest, he was brought to Shillong and on Saturday he was taken to the District & Session Judge's Court and authorized to be questioned for five days.
The Minister also listened to the concerns or suggestions from the beneficiaries of many schemes as well as from those who implement them.
In the Cultural Instrumental Music Competition organized by Arts & Culture in 2016, he won the prize and in the State Level Cultural Competition 2017, in the Variety of Dances Competition 2010, he also won the buskit. .
By the deadline for filing nominations for the post of CEM, only the nomination of Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem from the Congress-backed NPP has been received.
These items were seized from two places in Rongbokgre and Nengmandalgre, which are forest areas of East Garo Hills.
Nongpoh: A rubber truck (WB 25 F 8725), which was on its way to Assam, overturned on the NH-6 at 10 am this morning. within the boundary of Shangbangla.
Shillong, November 06 : The State Government on Tuesday launched a program to raise awareness and encourage the residents of Mawkynrew to start cultivating strawberries.
“The bill does not specify who will have to hand over the authority over the land currently under the various A·kings and which land will fall under the jurisdiction of the Urban Development Department of the Meghalaya Government. according to the sign for Tura.
The word Donbok is like a greeting to those people you meet on any occasion.
Although this is the first time, but the influx of people to this festival has been very good and encouraged the village to hold more such festivals to promote tourism in the area.
Narleng scored 39 runs from 43 balls and encouraged Meghalaya after losing 11/2 but Manipur continued to take wickets one after another.
Meanwhile, KSU President Daniel Khriem demanded that the BJP should issue a public apology for its treatment of the people of the area.
He said that the students have also demanded from the Principal that from next year, the College should clearly write in the Prospectus and Forms, whether it is mandatory or not. Uniform wearing inside the College.
On this day, let us ask – are we truly free from slavery? The answer is- Yes, we are not free, because we are still trapped in the bondage of corruption.
Galatians 4:4-5.
He said that the government's budget is increasing every year but there is no allocation of funds to the poor and the villagers.
The State Government has continued to take all measures to curb the drug and Ganja trafficking in Andhra Pradesh.
Only one Act has been passed by the Legislature and that is the Land Transfer Act by Bah Martin Majaw.
One person has been injured in a suspected IED blast in Shillong on the night of 9th October.
After a while, Arunachal managed to turn the tide through Tarh Dolu in the 22nd minute to equalize.
The FKJGP has given until the end of August to release the salaries of the employees of MCH&FW immediately. The union has urged the MP to take action on the issue of the employees of the department including the Additional District Medical. Health Officer, UDA, Statistical Investigator, LDA, Block Extension Educator, Refrigerator Mechanic, Chowkidar, Peon, Driver, Statistical Assistant, Projectionist, Lady Health Visitor (LHV), Auxiliary Nursing Midwifery (ANM) and Public Health Nurse (PHN).
Deepika was released after five hours of talks.
Banlam Kupar Lyngdoh is the son of Bah J Darningstone Lyngdoh and Kong Dearlyness Lyngdoh of Mawmluh, Sohra.
Perhaps in the next few days the production of electricity from Leshka will continue in the coming days and we hope that we will get rain in the coming days and at that time this problem will be solved. to remove," he added.
There are still provisions for imprisonment for crimes but these are only for serious offences.
Anemia is also one of the causes of death among poor women besides high blood pressure, heart disease and others,” she said.
President Samla Yoodahunki Shylla, who is the speaker on the bill, said that Jaintia Hills has many elderly women who know the traditional medicine only by using herbal medicines obtained from the forests. However, as it is now, the herbalists in Jaintia Hills have not yet received recognition from the council and there is no assistance from the council or the state government.
Within the Raij Nongjngi we have our own Dorbar Shnong and they are:
As this group has started this project with the support of the public, once again requests the public to join us by donating to PYT-IN, by donating money or equipment, by calling number- 8837006494 (Dr.Bremly Lyngdoh)- 8787885205 (T.Bn P.Sohkhlet)7005362464 (Bah Pynshai S Lyngdoh).
“Without starting from the ground up it will never grow.
Jodi has already been trained in this field of fish farming and has also received assistance from the government for the fish ksing and some of them he has made himself.
Tyson has now started a drug business in California, where the use of marijuana or bhang (as some say), is legal in the state.
“East Bengal are a very strong team with good players.
Due to the smuggling of these two persons into the Indian border, the BSF also arrested a Khasi youth who brought them.
"It's time for you to have a comforter to accompany and be with you at all times," replied Lydia. lead to offering yourself.
“At the meeting we have taken some decisions,” said Bah Rumnong and added that at present we cannot make these decisions public.
Please don't explain too much to mislead the people especially the villagers who don't know anything.
Therefore, let us remember to respect each other and not just to talk too much about anyone during the elections but to respect each other.
The Rieweeid of the Jaidbynriew are in the right position to rule.
I agree that drivers do not need a higher education but should be able to read articles such as newspapers in their own language.
As a result, the authorities on that day suspended flights at Vnukovo Airport due to the threats posed by Ukrainian drone strikes.
Students of Modern Secondary School and Ri Bhoi Presbyterian English Secondary School took part in the march from Khamara Point and ended at Bhoirymbong CHC. Officer Incharge, Bhoirymbong CHC.
Regarding the findings, the union said that it will meet the government to discuss the issue.
Speaking to media, Dr. War said that the BSF has informed the Health Department that all the patients have been tested positive. and they have no more cases of COVID-19 except for one who came from abroad and is under quarantine.
Therefore, the union wishes all the students of the state to work hard to succeed in their studies so that their desire to continue their higher education will be equal especially as the nation will be happy. when there are Khasi youths who are very intelligent and intelligent.
Shira said this demands that Marcuise should be removed from his MLAship under Sections 100 (d) (I) & (IV) of the Representation of the People Act,
On the other hand, Schlesinger says that such a desire cannot be granted by God until it is completely fulfilled.
The arrested GNLA was accompanied by Huebirth R Sangma, 35, of Shallang, West Khasi Hills, Charles D Shira, 26, of ANLCA, Dalbot Shallang and a woman. 17 years old from Daina Dubi.
The project was inaugurated by Deputy Commissioner Abhilash Baranwal, IAS. In his speech, Baranwal said that there are 241 people living with HIV. He said that the objective of the project is to ensure that all the 241 people will be brought back to continue their ART treatment every day and to be tested. also to those in the household, the husband, the wife, and the children.
" (Luke 1: 39).
Sixty seconds before the end of the first half, Ladthadlaboh scored the second goal through Nickyboy Swer to give the team a 2-0 lead.
A team has been set up to conduct an investigation into the incident, in which a case of murder has been filed under Section 342 of the Indian Penal Code.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Assistant Director of Census, Dr B Das Gupta, said that in 2013, the implementation of Adhaar number was started in Shillong, but it had to be suspended. before because the civil society and the villages were against it.
The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) has established its new office known as the JSM-Thadlaskein Block Circle.
Nongpoh: U Bah Twinkle Buhphang, Rangbah Shnong of Umiam, together with several members of the Executive Committee, Youth Wing and the public, today explained to the public on the unfounded allegations against others. Members of the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong Umiam.
Investigation revealed that the people involved in the incident were relatives and residents of the house of the TMC candidate from Phulbari Constituency.
At the same time, in a statement sent by Lieh Sungoh, Langlein (MDC) said that Langlein (MDC) has submitted his overall performance report as MDC for the past three years. MDC, has used all the grants he has received from the District Council properly to the people and this proper use of the grants he has received to the people of the constituency, has pleased the people. Lieh Sungoh of Mynsngat, West Jaintia Hills District, concluded the statement.
Another question, “Are you happy when you die?” They answered, “Yes”.
Kimtera got 3/6, Shreya R Marak 3/10 and Mania Sangma 2/1
The decision for the three teams from all three categories to represent the state in the Inter National level tournament was announced today at the SAI Ground, NEHU, where the final will start at 9 pm. The first match will be the Under-17 women's, followed by the Under-14 boys' final and the final match will be the Under-17 men's.
The driver of the vehicle and two passengers were arrested immediately.
This year, you don't have to apply for the money.
Shillong: Taxi drivers from Guwahati, have decided to strike from tomorrow and demand proper security for vehicles operating in Shillong. A stone throwing in Mawlai has been going on since Thursday, according to a report published on the Shillong Times website.
East Khasi Hills won the gold medal by beating Ri-Bhoi 5-1 in the final match held at SAI Centre. Aenam Jyrwa and Badonlang Rapsang scored two goals each.
“The harassment of our children has happened since the Meghalayans stranded in Gurgaon Haryana were informed by the Haryana Government that they have to go for screening at the stadium, 10 days before the departure of the train. bring trouble because there is no arrangement to remove them from their place.
The seeds of sohjew have many benefits for the skin such as brightening or brightening the skin, removing dead skin and others.
Ecclesiastes 1: 9–10.
Speeches were delivered by the President of the Unit, Bah Augustine Lyngdoh and the President of the Mawlai Circle, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh.
He said that in talks with the owners of these shops, they have promised to the union to expel all these workers who bring children and wives. Police Verification, so the party does not know whether they are good or bad people (Police Verification).
“I have spoken, and I will do it: I have purposed, and will do it: I am God, declaring the end from the beginning, and from ancient times the things that are not done.
It is to be recalled that the Waheh Shnongs of Narpuh District and the Khasi Students Union Narpuh Circle, on 26th November 2023, have sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District. They have given six days to the government and the National Highway Authority of India to repair the National Highway-6 from Mynkre to Malidor. Otherwise, the Waheh Shnong and the KSU of Narpuh will take another route and block the National Highway in Narpuh. The Waheh Shnong of Narpuh and the KSU Narpuh have decided to take action on this issue.
Therefore, he said that it is time for the leaders of the state together with other elders or intellectuals of the state to discuss this issue and as the state has the right to have its own The State University is a great benefit for the youth of the state and especially those youth who come from poor families, he added.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today said that the management of NEIGRIHMS has been directed to punish those who have stolen information about the patient especially to spread it. He has been infected with corona virus, which has caused a stir among the people in the state.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 22: Ryntih Sports Club beat Kith United FC in the quarter final of the 2013 FIFA World Cup today at Mawkynjoiñ Laitkseh Stadium.
“We have enlightened the media teams to ensure that journalists have faster access to information so that reporting can continue without any hitch and in a proper manner.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah George B.Lyngdoh urged the leaders of the party to have a strong sense of responsibility for the drug trafficking. He said that the government has decided to introduce such alcoholic beverages which affect the society. Therefore, the leaders of the casino have to investigate and strongly oppose the casino because the arrival of the casino will not only affect the families but also cause many kinds of evils especially the danger to women and children, he added.
When asked regarding the split of KHNAM, the leader said that compared to the desire to forcibly dissolve KHNAM, it is nothing with the current differences of opinion.
Bihar Police took them to the police station in the evening and released them and escorted them to the airport to leave via Kolkata.
In the women's category, Kmoin Wahlang, Ibapynkmen Thongni, Badapjingshai Kharjahrin, Teilyntishisha Ramsiej and Rikynti Kharjahrin.
We send our condolences to all the family members.
After the announcement of the results and the decision of the people to elect their leaders, the wind of Prah has blown suddenly even in Umsning Constituency where there has been a sudden increase in the number of voters without holding any public meetings or rallies. .
He opposed Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit MLA Nongkrem during his tenure as CEM 2015, for not banning jaitkpa, just to get an issue election in the last MDC election.
Ani Wow Mei, the innocent judgment of the children! What is surprising now is that the saro, paitpuraw and lorni birds in The lyndet and the kyrpong of the house began to shake.
The Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBA) has announced the names of its boxers who will represent the state in the two tournaments to be held this month.
Jowai, March 12: The District Disaster Management Authority (DDMA) West Jaintia Hills District today took part in the State Level Mock Exercise on Earthquake and Landslide Risk. The meeting was organized by the Meghalaya State Disaster Management Authority (MSDMA) in collaboration with the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA).
According to the latest news, Champion has threatened the workers that he will send GNLA members to kill them if they are deported to Garo Hills.
Not only that, but at the same time, there is another issue and that is, whether these names, do not comply with the election rules of the country, because if the word showkidar, is to use, so tomorrow there will be other words, which can be used like the word “Hindu”, the word “Christian”, the word “ram” and many other words that can be introduced, for the purpose of elections.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) today inaugurated its headquarters under the leadership of Bah Bipul Thangkhiew. They built it near the NH-6 and falls under the village of Saiden, Ri Bhoi.
According to police, the drugs were smuggled to Manipur from Myanmar and the drugs were planned to be smuggled to different parts of Manipur. the Northeast Region of the country.
Many rumors have surfaced that Bah Pynshngaiñ has no intention of contesting the 2018 elections from Mawsynram constituency, which is the constituency where he is currently an MLA and the constituency where he was appointed CEM of KHADC. There are also those who said that Bah Pynshngaiñ held a meeting on Tuesday last month to discuss the formation of a new political party – the PDF which holds power in KHADC. There were also many elders who attended the meeting to discuss the new organization.
Pius has T.3, 50,12, 475 movable assets and T.1,54,00,000 immovable assets.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 30: The Ri Bhoi Student Union (RBSU) Nongpoh Circle today confirmed and renewed the full office bearers of the RBSU Nongpoh Circle after the term of office of the former office bearers expired at a meeting held today. in Nongpoh.
Those who demand the abolition of the District Councils are people who have personal reasons and who have a conflict with the council because when they know that it is a protector of the minority, how can they demand the abolition?
It is a difficult task but we will not hesitate and we will continue to reach our goal,” said the Minister.
In 2014, after the MDC elections after the HSPDP, KHNAM and UDP joined hands to form the Executive Committee in KHADC, it was expected that Bah Ardent would be the CEM and Bah Adelbert would be the CEM. However, Bah Adelbert has handed over the post to his fellow MDCs.
It is believed that in any place, when foreigners enter, the owners of the houses fight, but in these two games, it is shown that the owners of the houses fall into the hands of the owners. outside.
There was also a bullet, which was shipor from both sides.
She said that this decision to contest next year is not a momentary decision, but she has thought carefully since previous years to contest the election. .
In the science stream, RK Mission Higher Secondary School, Sohra, Rahul Das came sixth.
The head of the Maha Nirvani Akhara in Madhya Pradesh, Swami Kapil Dev, died on Tuesday night due to the disease.
We don't like this.
Dr Aman said the work is ongoing and he has also sent these organizations to meet with the DMHO of West Jaintia Hills to inform him that he will send the reports for this work.
He said that for this race, participants can register online by scanning the QR Code which they have placed on the flyers and banners.
Speaking to media, he said that in the more than one year that he has been an MLA, he has tried to do as much as he can, from the provision of drinking water, roads and roads. to improve and reduce traffic jams, they have requested projects from the Government, and other priority needs especially in the field of health facilities and health.
The Dorbar Shnong Mulait Bri Sumer, East Jaintia Hills has announced that due to unavoidable reasons, the date of the fete and the lucky draw of the village has been postponed from 26-27 March 2024 to 3-4 May (January) 2024.
You are the one who will go on a journey with me.
Hek said that after meeting with the Deputy Manager Salseng K Sangma, he received the documents and information regarding this matter. The CSMS will discuss and decide on this issue.
It brought awareness to the challenges and opportunities ahead of the manufacturing hubs whereby opportunities for collaboration and contribution towards economic development were opened.
MCCEU office bearers including president Bah S Wahlang and others attended the meeting but had to leave.
First, the existence of these natural bodies and the structure of the soil depends on the origin and formation of the soil.
“There are many Khasi and Dkhars.
Junita declined to comment on her husband and how she gave birth to the child but replied that it was her child.
“At first those who threatened have forgiven and made peace and now this is the second time,” he said.
At the same time, the Minister informed that the Prisons Department has received 25 acres of land in New Shillong from the Urban Affairs Department and is now waiting for the handover of the land. build this new prison.
The award for the best restaurant in the state was received by Bah Balawanpynskhem Suting, also known as Bah Richie for the Aiti Belti Trattoria from Khyndailad, Shillong on 1st November, 2023 in Delhi.
“Even though they are called District Councils here, we can call them Panchayati Raj,” he said, adding that the purpose of the visit to Shillong was to see how far the state has developed.
Shillong: The HSPDP will announce the first list of its MDC candidates for the 2019 MDC elections next month.
In another development, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its dissatisfaction with the conduct of the examination by the Meghalaya Public Service Commission for the posts of Inspector of Excise and LDA. Both these activities will be held on the same day, 30th November
He said that at present, the Deputy Commissioner's office in Jowai is crowded, as it does not have only parking spaces and people who go to this office have to pass through Iaw Moosiang.
Before the discovery of this technology, the payment was slow and difficult and took more than 4 months, besides taking time, you had to bring documents and verification.
Umphrup opened the scoring in the 25th minute through Freddy Kharbyngar.
James said the JICF will help identify priorities for the development of income and industry by involving all groups, as well as eie on the activities that will help Meghalaya to achieve the goal of income generation.
In a statement, the Acting Secretary, Bah Ryngkat Lyndem, said that it was decided to inform the public that the meeting to be held at Urksew-Pynursla is not a meeting of the UDP Party but a meeting of the people. The statement said that there may be a rift between the UDP in Pynursla.
When asked whether they have any confidence that the investigation will be successful, Babu Birbor said that he and the teachers themselves express doubt that the investigation will be successful because most of the government's investigations do not reach anywhere. anywhere.
The Ministry of Environment of the country has sent a tender notice to those who wish to purchase these kuratia, to send the necessary documents for the filing of the tender. the tender to the department has not been appointed.
The police have already charged John under national criminal laws for his offences.
According to the report received from the MCD, there were 132 markets that opened once a month which were inspected during the campaign but only 23 markets were opened once a month. including nine weekly markets in Rohini, five in the central and eastern parts of Shahadra and four. in Najafgarh.
They were tested by the NHS Test and Trace system, but were found to be incorrect, the Department of Health and Social Care said today.
There were 87 deaths in England today, two in Scotland and one each in Wales and Northern Ireland.
The Behdieñkhlam festival of the Seinraij Jowai this year has come to an end on Sunday and has sent a message to the people that only the vaccination against COVID-19 can protect along with the message on the celebration of the Independence Day. years of independence and 75 years of independence.
Eight teams participated in the men's basketball tournament, while only two teams participated in the women's basketball tournament.
The Minister to move the constituency is Robert Romawia Royte who will contest from Hachhek constituency in the Mizoram Legislative Assembly elections to be held this year.
The citizens in the state are not getting good governance because the political parties don’t have the base, they don’t have the issues of their desire.
"On the part of the Speaker of the House, Thomas A Sangma, he stood up to explain that although the Governor gave his speech in Hindi because he does not speak English, the Governor's speech has already been translated into Hindi. English and a copy of his speech was also distributed to all members of the House.
Before the release of the new album, the band also released the song “Wild Dogs (Running in a Slow Dream)”.
Both the organizations demanded that the Government should immediately release the salaries which have been suspended for many months.
“Be wise in your dealings with strangers” (Col 4:5).
This leads to marginalization and loss of many opportunities such as dropping out of education, lack of opportunities to participate fully in many areas.
Therefore, he appealed to everyone to inform the public about the schemes of the Government so that the schemes and policies of the Government can be implemented properly.
The words of Men Kmie were changed.
It cannot be said that there are Garo and Khasi in Bangladesh who still hold to their traditional religion (which means they are neither Christians nor Hindus).
However, it is surprising how the UTP prisoners were able to enter the high security cell where the GNLA chairman was kept. attacked by groups of prisoners in the prison.
This demand of the Dorbar Shnong Sunapyrdi is well founded.
The second is on childhood abuse by Niwankan Shylla, the third is on drugs and alcohol by Dakapaia Bareh and the fourth is on AIDS by Coriniki Slong. More than 50 youths from different villages of West Jaintia Hills District have come to participate in this program and have expressed that they have benefited greatly from this programme.
You have to listen to the people during your work here.
The technique is one that Chile has adopted following the UK's success in detecting coronavirus cases through dog sneezing.
And like the youth, we should be diligent in our studies.
Other complainants included Mano Maharaj, an IPS officer, former SSP of Patna who has now been promoted to the post of DIG in the state.
The CBI has directed to submit the report to the Registrar and will be taken up for hearing on the 24th of this month.
He also promised to create employment opportunities for the people to increase their income by bringing in foreign investors, as well as by bringing in students ( University), to increase the supply of electricity by building more dams to generate electricity, so that the price of electricity will be cheaper and if the price of electricity is cheaper, many factories can be successful. and that the people may be saved.
JSU Khliehriat Circle President Livingson Sana together with Vice President Laski Siangshai and other members of JSU have decided to temporarily close down the quarry of GR Infra Projects Ltd until it can provide safety measures. to light the haw haw.
The Rural Mart was inaugurated on 8th November 2022 by the DC of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah W.Nongsiej, IAS in the presence of BDO Mawthadraishan, BDO Mawthadraishan, Mawlaidong VO. Bah L.Myrthong, MCS, NABARD, NRLM, MSRLS officers and members of SHGs from Kynshi Mawria and surrounding villages.
The Jaintia Students Union demands that the present EC and the CEM should explain and answer these issues to the people of Jaintia Hills so that the people can understand.
However, the Assam police have been investigating the incident.
The Moroccan international has been instrumental in leading Mumbai City in the 2020-21 season to become the first team to win the ISL League Winners' Shield and the trophy in the same season.
I want to be the hope for the youngsters who have lost hope in five years.
Michael said the MLA should make an agreement with the NPP to achieve the upgradation of the Sohra Civil Sub-Division to the status of a full district which the people have been demanding for many years.
On 18th June 2022, the Meghalaya Lokayukta has directed the Director General of Police (DGP) of Meghalaya to investigate the case under section 20(5) of the Act. The Meghalaya Lokayukta Act 2014 has also ordered an inquiry along with the case against him.
Those words can be found at Psalm 33:1
The training started from 23rd July to 25th July 2020 and more than 70 children including boys and girls came to take part in this training.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District today issued an order ban ban the opening of shops on Sunday in Shillong until further notice.
The influx of people into the state has been reported and criticized from time to time by the civil society and even the MLAs.
According to the source, the price of coal is only T.2300 compared to the market price of T.3000-T.4000 per tonne.
In order to curb the illegal slaughter of animals and birds PETA has sent a notice to the Met Gala authorities to ban the participants from wear any clothing that is already banned.
There has been a case filed over the tragedy, but the two families will decide on the issue.
“The Roster System will ensure that the reservation policy of 40:40, 15 and 5 per cent will be fully implemented in the right way.
Bah Sharaid said that the elders have decided to hold a picketing inside the Secretariat and at that time they have decided not to allow anyone to go to work on that day and they have blocked the people of the Government to enter the office to work and that has been achieved.
When asked whether the union has spoken to the MLA of the area as he is the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the PWD department, the union said that since the months of October and June when the students failed to write examinations, Prestone, who promised to improve the condition of the road, said:
Regardless of the political party, whether the candidate belongs to the left or right or in the middle, he or she should come forward to discuss and it is the duty of the citizens, especially the voters. vote to invite them to the platform and to ask questions, to express opinions and criticisms on issues, policies and laws.
Therefore – “Be ye reconciled to God” 2 Corinthians 5:2
Does that action of Bah Adelbert agree with these words of Bah Mohrmen? I am like a man who shoots a prey with a sword.
Shillong, March 8: A Gypsy policeman was shot dead by the GNLA near Chisobibra Bridge in East Garo Hills today while the police were on their way to Williamnagar.
The entry of Bah Melam Rangad, who has completed his Master's Degree in Tourism from Laban, has strengthened the BJP Meghalaya.
This is because it is the source of the destruction or the destruction of the paid.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 67592 out of which 60885 have recovered and 1133 have died.
Traffic jam on the National Highway 6, Shillong-Jowai has increased in these days and one of the reasons is the overcrowding of the road after the collapse of the road at Wah Mynsoo, Mookyndur.
He said that not only that, the organization also provides training to eradicate evils such as those who are addicted to food and drink and also to teach manners and dignity.
Is it wrong to say that the SRP is one of the reasons for the backwardness or lack of competitive spirit, in any field and not easily? Let us leave the SRP and turn back to this other issue and that is the traffic jam.
There are 28 cases in North Garo Hills, 80 cases in Ribhoi and 9 cases in Lumumpih, 16 cases in Mawthei, 12 cases in Myrdon, 4 cases in Pahamsyiem, 6 cases in Saiden, 4 cases in St Claret and 5 cases in Umsoh.
Speaking at the meeting, Father Laborius.
The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday ordered that until it approves the rules to protect the waters of the state, especially the Umïam River, no filming will be allowed. new buildings or shops and others to open in areas near river waters that may endanger the rivers.
A world that no longer counts sin, that is willing to use unrighteous means and no longer thinks of the future, decides only to be selfish and selfish.
The seed-bearing fruits are collected when they fall to the ground and then placed in moist containers covered with straw.
It is also one of the most beautiful sports in the Meghalaya Games where the athletes who are also children and young women have been able to showcase their special talents in this kind of sport.
Although the Umïam Dam has risen to 13.16 feet after 12 days of heavy rainfall, the MeECL has not yet ended the power outage in the state.
He praised St. Anthony's College for its outstanding work in the field of education which has helped the youth to contribute to the development of the country.
The results of the election are scheduled to be announced on the 2nd of this month.
Government Boys has 764 students and 43 teachers.
From 2019, the NEET examination will be held for students who have passed well in the HSSLC science stream, whether they have passed the board (MBOSE), CBSE or ICSE. You can get a doctor, even if you don't have a Scheduled Tribe Concession.
“This shows that the Government instead of giving justice is the perpetrator.
The candidates for the JHADC constituency are Holando Lamin from War-Central, Herman Khonglah from War-West, Hermon Phawa-Mukhla-Wahiajer, Laitsingh Shylla from Ummulong Moodymmai, Celius Biam from Nongbah, Thombor Shiwat from Nartiang Umladan. , Bijoy Niang – Nongjngi, Pheinshwa Nanglein – Mynsngat Khandulim, Brington Shylla – Shilliang Myntang, Paia Dhar – Barato Mukhroh, Bhawan Chyrmang – Saphai, Winning Garlang – Mowkaiaw, Phriskus Sutnga – Raliang, Kilometre – Jorun Lytan – North Shangpung, , A Andrew Shullai – Jowai Central, Dunno Nongpluh – Jowai South, Wanbiang Shadap – Moothlong Sohkymphor, Helping Phawa – Tuber, Tyrshai Siangshai – Musniang Rngat,Hopingstone Bareh – Sutnga Narwan,Michael Nongtdu – Sutnga Nonggliang Arwan Hima, Sumer Tan Darnei – Saipung, Desous Pohshna – Narpuh, Joinriwell Pyrtuh – Bataw Lakadon.
Speech was also delivered by Bet Sangma, who explained to the public the position of the NPP and said that the NPP party founded by (L) PA Sangma has in 2013, but as it is now, it has spread to other states of the country.
Momin said he had no knowledge of Sangma's meeting with party leaders.
Griezmann then sent the ball to Giroud, but the ball went high.
In 1527, when a severe plague struck the city of Wittenburg in Germany and people fled the city in fear to escape the plague, Martin Luther wrote a famous letter: , Whether One May Flee From A Deadly Plate? In this letter Martin Luther urged people to (i) take proper medicine (ii) clean the house (iii) avoid crowded places or unnecessary contact and ( iv) that hospitals are important.
JSU-WJC President Eddy Kery Pohtam, Kerrydiam Lamin General Secretary, Jai Pohsna Vice President, Erickson Khonglah Sports Secretary and other members were present on the occasion.
The RBYF has warned the public not to catch, shoot or spray drugs with others who kill the fish, especially during this time of low water.
Shillong, Naiwieng 8: U Neil Antonio War, MDC of the BJP and Executive Member of the KHADC, on Tuesday said that he will soon meet with the BJP leaders in Delhi to discuss the issues of the District Council. it overlaps with the state government.
They also said that as the leaders of the Sengbhalang, they are not happy with the Special Session, which the various parties have decided to hold separately, which is also a decision on the demand for ILP from the central government.
Conrad said everyone wants to be one voice of the MDA in relation to the Rajya Sabha MP elections.
As a leader who has been with the HSPDP since before the state got its own state, Bah Markus Lyngdoh has expressed his regret over the disrespect and lack of appreciation of the current leaders towards them. He said that these leaders who have worked hard in the party, he said that these leaders intend to expel the older leaders just because of their power, but they are ashamed to expel them by force without permission. “It's not like the world has laughed at the expulsion of Fenela L Nonglait,” said Bah Markus. “How can I get a way to expel the former leaders? .
We expected to win because Modi has introduced programs that benefit the people like the poor household scheme, poor rice, lyer shet and these have reached every poor household in the country,” he said. and Hek.
Shillong, March 04 : Brigadier (Dr) BD Mishra on Tuesday took oath as the new Governor of Meghalaya.
The deaths of cows were reported from Fatehgarh Sahib, Sahibzada Ajit Singh Nagar, Shaheed Bhagat Singh Nagar, Tarn Taran and Jalandhar, the statement said.
Before the start of the match, a short meeting was held by Samla Rapborlang Nongrum General Secretary KSU Mawlai Circle. KSU Mawlai Kynton Massar Unit President Samla Franky Pathaw prayed and then the song 'Ri Khasi Ri Khasi' was sung.
“We are fighting not for my own interest but for the PDF and NPP,” said PDA Chairman Lambor Malngiang.
:Ranikor Constituency South West Khasi Hills District has seen many changes in the development works in the constituency under the tenure of MLA Bah Pius Marweiñ in relation to the Government schemes that have already been implemented and those that have been implemented. continues to be held today, 30th November
The Government of India launched the Gold Monetization Scheme on 5th November
However, there is a variety of pai from Coimbatore called Co213 which is susceptible to the disease.
Also present on the occasion were Udipta Fullonton, Secretary SHD, Joe RZ Thanga, Youth Work & Property Committee Member, YMCA of India.
Author: Dominic S.Wankhar (The author is a columnist, resource expert in the field of rural development and winner of the Youth Icon Award in 2012).
“On the part of us, the team writers, we are surprised that both these groups have accepted themselves as qualified to run the team in the state. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate in the release of the results in Shillong,” said Bah Denis Lyngdoh.
Now it's the second day, it's enough,” she said and went back to her room to look. Mr Das had sent Bruton since 11 o'clock in the morning.
Regarding the cleaning of the Fly over, Kong L.Malai, President of the VO, said that the reason why the Village Organization has taken this step is after the they saw the uncleanness in that place, which brought about the destruction and the destruction.
Such people are people who know only kiad.
- That they may become pestilences and earthquakes.
“This time, the opposition has criticized even the private sector, where we don't expect such elderly leaders to say such things and it is sad to see. , to such statements on the part of the Congress”.
We have seen that from time to time, China has not occupied the areas on the border of India.
Nongpoh: Two persons have lost their lives in an accident on the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi District today. One incident occurred in Umsamlem village and the other in Byrnihat.
SP(City) Vivek Syiem said that police on receiving information from intelligence agencies raided the residence of two Assamese at Hotel Serene, Khyndailad and seized Two mobile phones, a laptop, two EPICs and two PAN cards were seized from the hotel.
National parties come and go in the State, but there is no single party that can provide the right service to our people.
He said that the Chairman of MeECL will be the Minister of Electricity and the Chairman of these MeECL departments will be the Chief Secretary, Additional Chief Secretary or Principal Secretary in charge of Electricity.
If you play in the judgment of men, the judgment of God will come later.
Aizawl: The political party in Mizoram and at the same time which led the state government in the state in the meeting of its legislators on the first day of 30th July 2023, did not agree The MNF leader said that the Uniform Civil Code Act has been approved by the Central Government. Zoramthanga, UCC, has agreed to take a resolution against the UCC in the upcoming Budget Session, which will start on 7th June Zoramath.
According to reports, the authorities have found the body of a German climber from Kanchenjunga, the third highest mountain in the country. most in the world.
This is the first time that the BJP president has visited the state since taking over the post.
Furthermore, informing that he has met with residents in the constituency who are afraid to link to Aadhaar, the MLA requested the Government to conduct awareness programs in this regard.
On the other hand, Bah Archal Son Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong of Urksew Wahpathaw, said that the drivers of vehicles have been rude to many places, but he has praised the drivers of vehicles to the Riwar Mihngi area. “The police, when they take vehicles, they like to drive vehicles from Pynursla area, because they are respected, there are fewer accidents and fewer accidents,” he said.
In the subject of Commerce, East Jaintia Hills has the highest pass percentage with 87.93%, East Garo Hills with 85.71% and Ri Bhoi with 78.48%. , East Khasi Hills, which had 1825 students, only 1261 students passed, and the overall pass rate was 69.10%.
In this letter sent to all the Deputy Commissioners, except East Khasi Hills District; The 10 districts in the state which fall under the Green Zone, have been able to travel because these districts have not received any information that there are any cases of COVID-1
Shillong, Nailur 26: The Governor of Meghalaya, KK Paul, after reviewing the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bill, has not approved and refused to sign the bill. “The Governor of Meghalaya has rejected the Delimitation Commission for all three District Councils in the State, KHADC, JHADD and GHADC. the KHADC after you have completed your investigation.
Nongpoh, November 10: “Although there are people especially government officials, who have misunderstood them, they will fight tomorrow morning to clear this road,” said Bah Kyndiah SDO. Nongpoh, November The party is opposed to the government's plan to build a railway line in the state, but the main reason why the party is opposed is because the government has not implemented the rules and regulations. Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni, President of the KSU, NKHD, on the occasion of the donation of seats to the Dorbar Shnong Lumbyrhing, Pahamrioh, said: The Fear.
At the same time, banks or offices are requested not to continue to misrepresent what the Jaidbynriew Hynniewtrep is doing and celebrate this day.
Expressing his love for AIR, the Governor said that he loves All India Radio and everyone takes the small radio wherever he goes to listen.
“If we don't get an answer, we will not hesitate to inspect the site ourselves to compare the amount of T.12 crore allocated with the work done,” he said.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong RM Kurbah and Kong E Kharshandi expressed their gratitude and appreciation to the Kripa Foundation for taking the initiative to have such a visionary spirit on the need for land in the state. and take care of the elderly because most of the time in this age parents are left behind by their children and there are also children who go to school and don't work abroad because they can't earn a living. take care of them in the right way.
“The MGNREGS scheme is sufficient for the village to take measures to improve agriculture in the villages and areas”, said the DC. Dorothy Syiemiong, and other officials.
Secondly, the availability of this buffer stock is a way to increase the price of food items in the market.
At 4:30 pm, a Bolero (ML-04 0024) collided with another vehicle coming from the opposite direction at Sohryngkham.
• The scheme will also provide an opportunity for States to develop or develop teaching materials for children in schools.
Nongstoiñ: The National People's Party (NPP) Nongstoin Block in the past few days has welcomed more than 30 elders and women from Mawiawet village who have joined the party.
Pynursla, Mawkyrwat, Nartiang and Umroi are the constituencies with Prestone Tynsong, Rowel Lyngdoh, Sniawbhalang Dhar and Ngaitlang Dhar.
The semi-final will be played between Mizoram and Meghalaya at 1:00pm tomorrow.
However, this fighting was overshadowed by some armed men who shot and killed people on the road.
Also present on the occasion were MLAs Adelbert Nongrum, Brightstarwell Marbaniang and Heavingstone Kharpran.
" “We are also investigating the cause behind the incident.
Let us open the Good Friday message at this time with the words from the Gospel of John 11:49-50, “...Caiaphas, who was high priest that year, said to them,
The meeting was also attended by the leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Byrnihat Pyllun. The meeting was attended by Bah Erwin Sutnga, Adviser of DKRSRBD, Bah Rocky Kylla, Chairman Bah CB. Syiem, Secretary, Eddie G Kharbani, Finance Secretary, while other dignitaries included Bah Victor Rani, MDC Jirang Constituency, SKRBP leaders Bah Sohtun and others. The meeting was conducted by Bah Johny Syiem, Rangbah Shnong of Lumnongrim and Secretary of SKRBP. Mukul Sangma as the Prime Minister and his Cabinet, on the decision to take action on the demand for the immediate enactment of the VAB 2015 sent by the KHADC to the government. receive the Governor's seal.
Although the district authorities have enforced Section 144 Crpc to prevent them from entering the polling station, the supporters have been standing in the middle of the road to wait for the results.
The Minister, who is also the MLA of the area, said that the government has allocated T.1.57 crore for the construction of the school. The MLA scheme will also strive to help develop this training centre.
Regarding the ceremony, it was said that according to the signs, the ceremony shows that the ceremony is a successful one in which the religious leaders and the children of the Raij expect that the blessings will come within the country. the village of the Raij together with the beautiful nature.
On Tuesday, police raided the house of the suspect and during the investigation, he confessed that he was involved in the robbery and said that he had sold the gold sati. auction to a Bania in Mairang.
When asked whether the AITC will contest the Khela Hobe issue as they did in West Bengal, Abhishek said it is impossible to contest the election on the same issue. from state to state, because there is so much variation, he said; “However, the fight will be for the benefit of the people of the state,” said Abhishek.
Titos said the UDP has so far received about 9 to 10 members whom it has confirmed to be the party's candidates from Garo Hills.
They want to be leaders only for the sake of name and honor, not for the sake of the nation.
Alcohol is rich in calories which can lead to increased fatigue and weight gain – which is the main cause behind high blood pressure.
The Prime Minister announced to take care of these children and to be a watchdog for them.
During this meeting, the Seng had the opportunity to discuss and express the issue of the students who will sit for this examination.
In the Under-09 category, Monodeep Dhar of Assam won (41⁄2 points), Abri Nayla Borah of Assam won (4 points) and Advitiya of Meghalaya won (4 points).
According to the FIR lodged by the President and General Secretary of HITO Shangpung Area at Raliang Police Station, it was said that the collapse was due to the stinginess of the department which is implementing the bridge. Soil and Water Conservation of the State Government.
At the same time, the party wishes a happy new year to the people especially to all the visitors, said the president of the party, Bah I War president.
Karnataka Police today claimed to have found out the cause of death of 15 people in Sulawadi village of Chamarajanagar district and police have confirmed after arresting to a religious leader who was in the temple at Maramma.
Shillong, Jymmang :The Maitshaphrang is proud to have published a book on “Phan Nonglait” written by Bah Daniel Stone Lyngdoh, a lawyer of the Supreme Court. According to this book, Phan Nonglait took part in the struggle against the French troops who were trying to invade our country at that time. killing of 32 British soldiers in the engagement.
Besides the Scheduled Tribes, there are also the Scheduled Castes, Other Backward Classes and others who have received special allowances.
The members of the G20 are Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Indonesia, Italy, Japan, Republic of Korea, Mexico, Russia, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Türkiye, United Kingdom and United States, and the European Union.
He said that he had no idea when he made his own statue but he made it only in his spare time and during his rest.
Others who gave explanations included Ms. P.Nongkhlaw (PHN) employee of Sohiong CHC who explained about the injuries caused by child marriage and poverty at an early age.
After this discussion, the Seng decided that the border demarcation should be conducted under the supervision and coordination of the Central Government.
Then came the sympathetic answer that people are stupid and that a hardworking person has the right to get what he wants.
Not only that, one of the most surprising things is how the Garo friends with 26 constituencies have the right to 40% while the Khasi-Pnar friends with 36 constituencies have only 40%. and the remaining 20% ​​for other communities in accordance with the Constitution of India.
The Presbyterian Church Riatsamthiah was ready to bury the body of the doctor at the church cemetery.
Since she settled in Domiasiat, she has lived by farming and cattle breeding.
and to ensure that they do not mix with their relatives, he added.
When the kur ka jait appeared, the kheiñ kur kheiñ kha appeared again, which gave the right to God to the Mei Ïawbei, the parents, the children, and the founders of the Longkur Longjait. Then the tribes of the tribes shall appear as they are.
Chairman JAC, Pyrkhatbha Pyrphet said that we have demanded from the DC to take action to stop the construction of roads in Assam to connect Tahpat, Lapangap as this is just a scientific trick of Assam to get more and more people. The land of the residents on the border has been affected by this road.
The teachers of the school did not take part in the strike under the banner of JACATAM. On the other hand, the principal of the school, Bah Boldness L Nongum said that the students of KSA They started their examination today and all the teachers came to school as usual.
The dumper belonged to a company which is constructing the Nongstoiñ-Rambrai road and carried the soil with the intention of dumping it at a bridge works site of the company.
“This is too much for MeECL to do in the Narpuh area.
The search and rescue team of the Fire & Emergency Service is conducting the search operation.
Those who are willing to marry a man are those who lack understanding in their own right and know only their own origin.
The deadline for submission of from is June 14, 2023.
Furthermore, these are the figures from one district only.
This situation has greatly undermined the dignity of the society, the country and the nation as a whole.
Inside the road, which had a long wall in a more sañium area, there were two others who were lying lyngktop hajuh.
The order of the District Magistrate of EJH also prohibits the smuggling of cattle, illegal activities including the trafficking of alcoholic beverages, goods including Kwai, Tympew, Biri Sikret, Shini. slasha and other products.
He said that the refusal of the KHADC and the Mylliem Hima to slaughter the cows, there is something behind their unfair attitude by collaborating with the smugglers.
On the other hand, when the reporter asked about the blueprint they received from the government, Gurjit Singh said they had to write an RTI from the government.
At the meeting, it was informed that all the district authorities have taken the necessary measures to submit reports on the steps taken to conduct investigations into these cases which will be looked into thoroughly. the Chief Electoral Officer and the Election Commission of India.
Police have registered a case on the incident and the investigation is ongoing.
“May the spirit of freedom lead us all to get rid of the evils that destroy society,” said the statement signed by SAFF President Bishop P.Lyngdoh and Secretary Fr. For Richard.
Including the Khasi Maram and Khasi Lyngngam, if we turn a little bit to the history of the Hynniewtrep people since the time when the Hima rule was still strong and united to create this Ri Hynniewtrep.
If there are politicians who are corrupt, it is the people who elect them, if there are politicians who are rich and stupid, it is the people who elect them.
They are not 'heroes' and not in times of war or in times of war.
Other parts of the Khasi date include the announcement, the sngei dance from Hima Maharam performed by Bah Nestarland Wanniang and his group of dancers, and the phawar. The color was prepared by Ma Dimrai Kharlyngdoh.
After the battle, a black horse will appear, which represents evil and destruction.
Shillong: The HSPDP MDC from Mylliem Constituency, Teilinia Thangkhiew, has been appointed as the Deputy CEM of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
The second goal was also scored by Bina's header after receiving a ball from Buam.
Meghalaya has been facing problems in the field of LPG and petrol when the workers or drivers of petrol trucks have been protesting in Assam especially against the delivery of these essential commodities every day.
He recalled that during his tenure in the electricity department, there was an RTI application for the Subhagya scheme and the information provided through the RTI and the actual content on file was different.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the existence of Autonomous District Councils is very important because they protect the customs and traditions and therefore the question of abolishing District Councils in the State will not happen. either either.
It cannot cure illnesses such as headaches and colds or the flu, but it can strengthen and strengthen the body to fight these diseases.
“This is a lie by the CEM to me and my 23,000 people because he gave a false answer,” said Bah Nongrem.
Regarding the project implemented by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Sanbor congratulated the MDA Government under the leadership of the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma for this project. The amount of money she has donated for the construction of this hospital.
Amber reportedly felt that Hollywood was not the right place for her to raise her child and that is why she chose Spain as her home. that I may not be ashamed of him.
According to a letter sent by MTAM to the department, the cost for the four players will be 5.81 lakh tyngka each while for the two managers it will be 2.61 lakh tyngka. to 8.42 lakh tyngka for all six.
The Chief Election Commissioner of India, Rajiv Kumar, today announced that the Lok Sabha elections for the 18th term of the Lok Sabha will be held in seven phases. The first phase of the election will be held on 19th June
Nongpoh, Jymmang 22: As part of the efforts to help those who have become addicted to alcohol including alcohol, drugs and others and also to encourage those who are in despair in life by providing assistance The Sur Jingkyrmen Society today inaugurated the Treatment and Counseling Center at Nongpoh Town Shopping Complex.
Shillong, Nailar, 18: The Minister of Community and Rural Development (C&RD) Hamletson Dohling today said in the Legislative Assembly that the government is considering the demand for 19 Block Offices. .
Dr.Kameswar Singh Elangbam, speaking as the chief guest, praised the Police for their hard work and commitment to serve the society in all aspects especially in this time of crisis. is in the midst of the struggle to end the chain of spread of COVID-1
Consumers have been concerned about the increase in the price of alcohol during the covid 19 pandemic, in which the government has imposed a 24 percent tax on alcohol. in January of last year.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) in Jorabat, the Young Minds Association (YMA) in Umran and the Ri Bhoi District Sports Association (YMA) in Umran welcomed him. (RBDSA) together with the Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CORP), welcomed the youth and the family members of the youth, welcomed him at Umsning.
Last month, Banshai Marbaniang, Chairman-cum-Programme Coordinator, handed over money, school uniforms, textbooks and other items.
“Giving an example of the operation of the water pipes, Bah Passah said that the pipes at the Khlieh Ïew water supply system pass through the streets, on one side which is clean. -met to the good church.
The NPP has 11 seats from Garo Hills and 8 seats from Khasi Hills, led by Conrad.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: U Father Sngi, who is fondly called by the Catholics, said that many of the youths in the area speak English and it would be appropriate to set up a BPO factory. u Akhia among the Khasi people in Khasi literature and he is also a famous prayer for the sick.
As a suggestion, the Dorbar Shnongs in their respective districts can start with a discussion on this issue.
He said the party is surprised that the government has not been able to allocate funds for only 10 kilometers.
On the other hand, the union at this meeting, expressed its gratitude to the MLA of Mawsynram, Bah Himalaya M Shangpliang who spoke in the Assembly recently on the issue of workcharges of PWD on 14/3/2 pay the salary according to the Fifth Pay received by other government employees.
For more information, please contact I. Muksor (General Secretary, AJCA).
Swett said that he received this information after some youths from the village went to register their new names, but they did not get the opportunity, because the village, disappear from the electoral roll.
It is also called 'Ka Shad-ai-nguh' to God, the Creator of mankind on earth, to understand who the Khasi is and what he wears. reveal your own unique characteristics.
North Liberty Higher Secondary School, West Jaintia Hills has signed a memorandum of understanding with Govt.
He urged that the implementation of Central Government schemes should not be interrupted.
The lack of salary of these employees of the Housing Board has raised questions to the government as it appears that the government spends lakhs and crores to hold various festivals for only one or two days.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest said that as a leader, he would like to encourage the participation not only in large schools with thousands of students but also in small schools which have thousands of students. I don't know if there are any people who recognize them because when I do public works, I don't have to be partial.
As we know, the cultivation of trees is a cultivation that requires a large area of ​​land, so many of our land in these beloved countries will be lost or destroyed by this tree from the country. thorn.
It is worth mentioning that the temporary closure of the market was after on 27th June, a group from abroad known as the Gau Gyan Foundation, visited the market. The market has been temporarily closed down and during the raid, it has raised many allegations and has led to the temporary closure of the market.
The Minister said the Hima is not aware of the allegation that the cows have been smuggled from this area to Bangladesh as this matter falls under the jurisdiction of the government and the Custom Department.
“We are pleased that RN Ravi, the Secretary of the Government of India, has promised to reach an agreement on the Indo-Naga government within three months, but there are still important issues. “These are like the flag and the constitution, where both sides have not yet agreed,” said the petition to the prime minister.
As the union that parks the buses in this area has expressed its opposition and that they will not allow this shop to park in this area, he said that the government should have looked into this. In fact, the government should have increased the number of parking spaces even in this parking lot and now they want to take it away.
“The HNLC has recently phoned me and is ready to come to the peace talks table with the government,” he said.
“In 2020, there was a flood that affected the farmland, but it was not as severe as this year, until we lost all the rice we planted,” said the farmers.
Rangbah Shnongs from neighboring villages, elders and the public were present to witness the game.
They don't have the right to point fingers at the NPP. Everyone has the same responsibility.
The residents of Eastern West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday morning 27th June 2023 have gathered together to cast their votes at the polling stations to fulfill their duty. exercise the right to elect new members to the State Legislative Assembly.
The condition of the workers in the State is as follows; (i) School teachers do not receive their salaries exactly and their salaries are delayed for months. (ii) Casual and contractual workers do not receive their salaries for months.
The union said that it wants what it deserves and said that there are those who use the license, which belongs to Hynniewtrep Archery, but the number belongs to Khasi Archery. Oarester added.
The driver of the vehicle, Sonmi Nanglein, from Muphlang, West Jaintia Hills, said that a man had sent these song to give to another person. in Johannesburg.
Ma Romseh Dkhar, who supported the opening of the factory, said that the opening of the factory will benefit the village and many residents of the village will get jobs and income opportunities.
West Garo Hills has 16 cases, West Jaintia Hills 12 cases, 11 cases from outside the state, West Khasi Hills 8 cases, five cases from outside the state.
Meghalaya were led by Arien B Sangma and Biprodeep Dasgupta for 18 runs in the first innings. tied of the group.
Presentation/Gift : means to bring something to the people to express their gratitude to the longsan mansan; I shall not share with others; Please don't worry about it.
That man died and there was no more world with the snow and ice.
She said that according to the 2011 census, Meghalaya has 5,55,822 children under the age of six years, of whom 2,82,189 are males and 2,73,633 are females.
The company will expand its operations after opening a fully fledged office at Shillong Tech Park which will employ many young people in the company.
“Since 2015, the Meghalaya Judo Association has not organized any tournaments at State Level, School Level or Inter District Level.
Speaking on the occasion, Pynshai said that the HSPDP, as the oldest political party in the state since the founding of (L) Maieit Hopingstone Lyngdoh, stands on the principle of to protect the nation, to preserve the culture, the land and to stand firm on righteousness, truth and knowledge of God.
Regarding the Indian Administrative Service Act (IAS), there are still very few statesmen who have passed the rank of Administration and who should hold the highest ranks in the country. the State as Chief Secretaries, Directors, Deputy Commissioners and others.
“Our society has changed and discrimination has increased these days,” said Dr Mawthoh in response to a question from one of the participants in the seminar on “Legislation for workers”. household and recognize full time domestic workers” organized by the National Domestic Workers Movement (NDWM), Meghalaya.
To reach the goal requires hard work and perseverance in any field and we also need the support from home so that the field itself will be more successful.
As all stakeholders including the government have taken note of this issue and convened a meeting to select a new bread, the court did not issue any new order.
Because of Peter's selfishness and selfishness, the debt didn't take long to escape because he had calculated exactly.
Speaking on the purpose of the training, Dr. Marbhador Khymdeit, Department of Khasi, NEHU, said that the training will help other non-Khasis and The students are from different regions and states who speak different languages.
“I like the songs of Linkin Park and when I am here, when I listen to their songs, through this band Hybrid Theory, I I know that I am in heaven.
This is after the river has turned red again in the past few days.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Thursday strongly warned the Rangbah Shnong of Rynjah area. Within the jurisdiction of the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah, that it is no longer permissible to issue No Objection Certificate to non-Khasi residents of Rynjah to obtain Trading License and Labor License from the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah. and even the Election Photo Identity Card from the Office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District.
“This has prompted me as president to speak on these words because the staff have spoken against the JHADC,” said Johnson. I am sorry for the lack of payment on 11-7-22 as promised by the government.
There are several areas in West Khasi Hills which have been recognized by the government such as Nongshillong, Nongritong, Nongdaju and Umsohpieng. it is the only one in Umsohpieng.
So far, the number of applicants in the state is still very low and the supervisors of PSU Oil Marketing Companies including IOCL, BPCL and The Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Ltd (HPCL) has announced that those who wish to apply should come and submit their applications online.
The incident happened today, but the exact time is not known.
Ask the police to file an FIR and the police will investigate,” she said.
If you don't apologize, you have a lawyer to appeal against you (Bah Shylla).
“But in the end, whatever is done, it is up to the market visitors to pack their goods and especially the money,” they said.
Shillong, Naitung 19 : The Election Department through the District Election Officer (DEO) has warned nine political parties not to misuse children during their election campaign. .
“It is time for the government to change its implementation to look into this as a disease rather than putting it as a matter of law and order,” he said. .
In the first leg, Mukhla Umlangshor beat Chyrmang Wah 3-0 with Kitkhia Suna scoring in the 26th minute. Symblai in the 65th minute and Damihbiang Shylla in the 71st minute.
Every household knows and understands that milk is good to drink but many do not know how much it benefits.
And all things, whatsoever ye shall ask in prayer, believing, ye shall receive.
Shillong, Lber 16: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the reason for the entry of youth into the army is not the lack of jobs, but the lack of jobs. He said that if unemployment is the reason for the infiltration of youth, why not the Chief Superintendent of Police, Champion Sangma, said: “The formation of the GNLA is a robbery of wealth,” said the Prime Minister.
Supporting this, the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, said that the council has the right to know the annual revenue collection of the government from mineral resources.
They didn’t come early and they didn’t come late either.
On the same day, the computers of the school were opened by the Chief Guest with the prayers of Rev IW Nongsiej.
The award is part of the recognition of the best journalists in the media industry in India.
She said that after the meeting of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, she promised to give a reply after talks with the Chief Minister.
KHNAM also demanded that the NPP government should speak out on this issue and called on all political parties and civil society groups to stand together against the Indian government's bill.
Lyngkhoi said that the allegation that Khasi women are lyngkar is unacceptable in society because as it is now, men who do not go to school and do not get government jobs support The mother has to stay at home to take care of the children and feed the young.
You don't need to think carefully and don't think carefully.
With the advent of social media, many political parties cannot help but use these platforms to spread their messages to the public.
She said that he loved that woman very much but she betrayed him.
“He said that the goal of the school is to upgrade the school to Higher Secondary by 2023 if all goes well.
