Meghalaya has been awarded five sports including Badminton, Table Tennis, Chess, Kura, Judo, Taekwondo, Wushu and Women's Football while 15 sports will be held in Guwahati from 5th to 16th. 1st of June to come.
Regarding the deterioration of the NH road, they strongly criticized that this action and the lack of attention of the NHAI to the promise to repair it is like an insult to the people not only to the drivers of the state vehicles but also to other states. The North East is located on this road.
Therefore, the discovery will affect not only relations between Egypt and the US, but with all the countries of the Middle East as well as North Africa.
Resubelpara, June 21 : The government should set up centers to conduct the Common University Entrance Test Examination in every block not only in Tura and Shillong, said Rong Rong MDC Rinaldo K Sangma.
So Banisha and her mother got up and went to work.
It is time for us to move forward, and now we have strong players who are ready to showcase their skills in the domestic games and this year the international games will be even better.
The pass percentage of students in the HSSLC examination this year was 81.17 percent.
“We have held it for the first time in 2016, but now we have this golden opportunity to hold this prestigious shooting tournament under the auspices of the National Rifle Association of India and will support it. by the Sports Department of the State Government.
Neitho is a player who has appeared through the training camp of Shillong Lajong, who won the U-18 I-League title in
“We have arrested three persons identified as Md.Amir Khan, Md.Yakup and Md.Jamir.
The Syiem was accompanied by Neil Antonio War, EM, who is also the MDC of Laitumkhrah.
Jowai: The body of a woman was found at Chahtngit in Jowai near the Jowai-Shillong road. The body of a woman was found half clean because the jeans she was wearing were gone. of me.
Later, the Minister said that the state government has decided to implement the Meghalaya Street Vendors Rules,
He said that the problem of drugs is very serious and the Executive Committee feels that it should take action and direct the village authorities in connection with the fight against drugs by adopting the laws. Federal Governments related to drug trafficking.
They said that in the past two months, the shops have been closed due to the closure. If we count the total number of shops, there are not less than 3,000 shops, so per month it has reached less than T.10 lakh.
“I expect it to succeed and the Symbud Myntri Rangbah will take action on this issue,” he said.
Mukul Sangma alleged that the state government and the Indian government have changed their minds and misled the Supreme Court regarding the availability of coal remaining in many parts of the country. the State.
Mawsadang SC scored two goals in the first half and Mawsadang FC failed to turn the tide in the third division. .
“The road is the source of income for the entire state.
According to the Joint Secretary to the Ministry of Home Affairs, the Government of India has no intention of moving the Assam Rifle from Shillong but will keep it at this place.
The aim is to preserve and maintain our culture and traditions and to be proud of our heritage inherited from our ancestors.
However, it cannot be said that there are people who are busy only in complaining, when they count, look at what they have done during the day, there is nothing they have done more than they used to do, but Unfortunately, what others can do, others cannot do.
Sincerely, Dr. Khrawpyrkhat Basaiawmoit Andheri East, Mumbai.
JSU leaders including JSU President Jersom Shylla, Assistant General Secretary Nilkee Mukhim and others did not allow these REC PDCL employees to enter the office.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah E Kharmalki together with the District Medical and Health Officer (DM&HO) inspected the farm on 10th June 2021 following a complaint by the EJNC Khliehriat West to the DMHO and DC regarding the death of cattle. and wastewater flow.
In Shillong, 14.4 mm of rainfall was recorded today, 0.8mm today and in Umiam, 6.7mm was 0.4mm today.
Regarding the Nirbhaya scheme, Paul said the department will soon send a proposal to set up shelters for women. in the border areas of the state.
All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) leader and West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee will arrive in Shillong on November 12 for a two-day visit to Meghalaya.
Meghalaya also had a chance but Ronalkyson Lyngdoh's shot did not go in.
Therefore, in this way, many fights have arisen and the result of this work is that thousands of dollars have been spent and the time has been spent in coming and going to fight and stand in the courts. .
Kharali, who is the Minister of Tribal Area Development, said the prime minister does not want anyone to sleep without food and without a house to cover them. and the prime minister will give them houses to live in, so why are you worried?” Kharadi said at a public meeting in Udaipur.
Bishop Victor then spoke on the words of Jesus, "Blessed are the poor, for theirs is the kingdom of God" and gave the understanding by saying, "Woe to you who are rich. Jesus was even against the Jewish view that riches were one of God's blessings, but in Jesus' view that riches themselves fell into the pit of greed.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Kong RM Kurbah, on Tuesday said that the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laban Circle has visited the government land at Maxwellton Estate. The Seng leaders have called for a meeting on this issue.
The committee will be headed by the President Dr Donkupar Roy and the Secretary by the General Secretary. Khongwar, Allantry F Dkhar, Paul Simpli, Welcome Dkhar, Mera A Sangma, Utpal Arength from Garo Hills, President of Youth Wing and Women Wing.
President: Short Corridor Pail 2.
After observing and analyzing these events, I would like to ask the following questions:-,,.
I also feel that it should be made clear here that we have no information on whether the Legal Rights Observatory is a leading group for the believers in the Traditional Religion as alleged by the author.
Ernest said the party has decided to strengthen the party as part of the preparations for the Lok Sabha MP elections.
The match was held at Saitsnad Stadium, Mawlangwir in South West Khasi Hills District. Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, MLA of Mawkyrwat Constituency was the chief guest and Carnes Sohshang, MDC of Mawkyrwat Constituency was the chief guest. as the chief guest in the presence of Pastors, Rangbah Balang and hundreds of people who came to witness this day.
The CID has also questioned Nilanjan Bordoloi, principal of Salt Brook Academy, Dibrugarh, in connection with the incident.
we have the FREEDOM OF SPEECHWe live in the largest Democracy country in the world.
No hospitalizations have been reported so far.
“Khliehtyrshi village from KS Rymbai, former MDC to his brother MB Rymbai is a strong village of the Congress party,” said one of the Congress supporters from Jowai.
Congress leader Rahul Gandhi has been in Kerala for several days and spent time with fishermen on the coast of the state.
The total number of vacancies is 20 seats.
Shillong, Nailar 01: U MLA of Mawkynrew Constituency, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh who is also the Minister in charge of Agriculture and Sports, Government of Meghalaya on 30th November, The funds will be distributed to the Village Organizations (VOs) as well as the Self Help Groups (SHGs) in different villages of Mawkynrew Community and Rural Development Block.
Through this day, Dr. Mukul Sangma's visit to Mawhati Constituency was also to establish the party for the first time in the constituency where the leaders of the Mawhati Block Committee led by Dr. Saralin Dorphang were elected. The President, who is also the candidate of the TMC party in the 2023 elections, has also opened a full office.
It happened to the doctor who had wealth, fame and honor because on the day of his burial those who had praised him in the past had spoken against him.
The Government has not yet provided any training in schools, villages and rural areas where information sources such as newspapers do not reach properly.
The match tomorrow 27.10.2023 will be between Dulong and Sohmynting at 12 noon.
He also expressed his regret that last year, Prestone Tynsong Symbud Myntri Rangbah, when he came to open the office, promised that in July, the full time EE he shall be in that office to perform all the duties which he shall perform.
Zechariah 12 : 1 – 4 .
The meeting was attended by the parents who earn their living by working in the villages of West Jaintia Hills District.
Referring to Europe, he said that people respect the players.
We need to think again now because these are the result of the lack of progress in our education.
The Best Performing Village Health Council Award was also distributed to Nongjngi Village under Thadlaskein Block and Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme Card and Ayushman Bharat Digital Mission Card were also distributed to several residents. Thadlaskein Block as a sign of the opening of Ayushman Bhava.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 7: Three days after the murder of (L) Wansaralin Wanniang of Tiehsaw village, West Khasi Hills by her ex-husband Biangkupar Nongsiej of Lawse village, The Dorbar Shnong together with the Seng Samla Shnong have held a public rally today, as a reason to condemn this incident.
There are 858 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the state, 435 cases in East Khasi Hills including 29 cases from Armed Forces and 406 cases from civilians. In Ri Bhoi district, 34 cases including one from the Armed Forces and 33 civilians, 16 cases from West Jaintia Hills, 9 cases from East Jaintia Hills, 9 cases from West Garo Hills. 257 cases including 7 Armed Forces personnel and 250 civilians, 25 cases in South West Garo Hills, 49 cases in South Garo Hills, 20 cases in East Garo Hills and 250 cases in North Garo Hills. there are 7 of them.
Pastor Gympad also launched the Jubilee Songbook of the Church.
Those who wish to stay overnight can book tents at Moolamylliang and hotels at Khliehriat.
It was through Mughavi Sumi who supported the home team, after helping Nagaland in the first innings for 62 not out.
Emil Paul Wankhar, General Secretary, Phudmuri Presbyterian Youth Assembly, passed away on 28.08.2021. The funeral service will be held tomorrow 30.08.2021 at the Phudmuri Presbyterian Youth Assembly.
Even the price of rice in Resubelpara is 31 tyngka per kilo but in Shillong it is 44 tyngka, what a difference,” he added.
He owns a fish farm of more than 2 hectares in Lahaleiñ village on the border with Bangladesh.
“The KSU feels that the shortage of Health Specialists is due to the lack of its own Medical College in the State which will be run by the State Government.
However, Gurpreet Singh Sandhu managed to catch the ball before Argentina could shoot, and by the end of the first half both teams returned to their dressing rooms. without being able to score.
Besides, the work on a bridge about 40 meters high and small bridges has been completed.
At the same time, Barry said that the Union does not support or encourage these drug addicts, but what is needed is to associate with them.
?" Rida turned around and saw her own Panah. "Adi i Pa, you're still coming...!" Rida said, “You came from Rida...” Panah asked. “I came from Niakha's shop...” Rida said honestly. Rida said, “Oh biang kein..." Panah added. They walked together two by two until they reached the house. When they reached the house, Rida's mother said, “Where are you going? wan two two... " and she looked at Rida with a big face.
In fact, I applied so that I could get a class sep but I didn't apply.
The body of the woman was found in the forest near Songsak, a little far from Kisumgolgre village in the district.
Ma Wailad welcomed Ma RL Tariang and his followers as well as the supporters of the UDP and Congress who have joined the NPP. The voters of Amlarem Constituency, if they want to join the government, should support the NPP candidate Ma Stephanson Mukhim who is also the youngest son of Bah Prestone Tynsong and who is accompanied by the Minister. chief of the State.
This is the first time that the Prime Minister will hold office for a third term since the time of Jawaharlal Nehru.
He (Jesus) came unto his own, and they that were his own received him not.
He said the committee was surprised to find that the work on the project has started, although the work has been awarded since November
We are only a student organization and when we want clarification we come directly during the day.
In Mukroh-B, 179 ration card recipients and 974 beneficiaries have reached 179 ration cards.
In the same tournament, he also won the Rnong medal in the 1km Time Trial and also in the team Sprint.
The budget was introduced in the Legislative Assembly on 21st June 2024 by the Prime Minister in charge of Finance and titled it as 'Mission 10' with 10 missions and promises that must be enforced.
Senior NCP leader and Indian Minister Praful Patel has said that the government should be allowed to function properly.
This is the sting of the Government of India”.
The large number of rioters has forced police to control and disperse crowds in parts of KwaZulu-Natal and Gauteng, where the capital is located. South Africa, in Johannesburg.
Titos said that some of the people who went to hospitals for treatment when they wanted to leave the hospital cost T.30,000 tyngka but only T.30,000 was provided from the scheme. 3000 rupees.
The VAC will be an independent body in which the funding will be provided by the Government without having to go through the State Government or District Councils to carry out their duties similar to Panchayati Raj in the country. .
Shillong: The Meghalaya State League (MSL) will hold its second edition of the Football Tournament on 25th November
On the 5th of July, he said that they had gone to hold a meeting at Diengrai which is the headquarters of Dr. Donkupar Roy. the backwardness of the village.
Meanwhile, Nongpoh MDC Rona Khymdeit said that the death of Bah Sohtun is a loss to the Laitkroh constituency.
“It is because of Modi's arrival that I can't go to class anymore and we have been detained here for two hours,” said the students.
In 2011-12, the opportunity was opened again to build a hospital in Amlarem through the Corporate Social Responsibility Fund of MeECL. to build a hospital through this fund.
In this regard, the party has held meetings to discuss the preparations for the achievement of the objectives set out in Mission-2 was planned by the organization.
The training will be sponsored by the Meghalaya State Skill Development Society Jowai WJHD with the support of the Municipal Department through Day-NULM and the theme of the training program is “The Fight against Unemployment! “To be able to achieve a strong future, we must fight against the challenges we face.” Along with the chief guests, Bah Michael Thongni, Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director, NeIPS, Lambormi Suchen SDO, MSSDS Jowai, Waheh Shnong Mynthong, L. Pohktai and others, while the meeting was conducted by Raj Passah Center In-charge, NeIPS Jowai.
The Minister was responding to a question raised by East Shillong MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh in the House today regarding their protest to demand a salary increase.
The Speaker urged the students, parents and teachers to work hard to strengthen and take responsibility for the improvement of education in the State.
There are still many tourist attractions which the Government has not been able to develop as desired by the people of the State to promote tourism because the work of the Government is too slow to process one file from another. table to another.
In the United States, 68,212 people have been infected today, according to the Johns Hopkins University.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The Meghalaya Chapter of the All India Poets Conference (AIPC) will hold the 4th Meghalaya Poetry Competition 2013 for school, college and public students.
The Sports Department of the State Government has selected the teams to take part in the 66th National School Games 2023 to be held in Delhi, Bhopal and Gwalior.
“Despite the requests to call a meeting, there has been no response,” said the Association.
Replying to a question, the President said that the reason for the party's inability to do well in the last elections is the spread of rumors through social media which has been strong against the party. which accused the BJP of being anti-Christian.
Then there are those omega-6 fatty acids - which are also very important, but don't eat too many.
“The VPP, if it has the courage, should say who did it so that we too can have confidence but to just say he said that, he said that, it is a mistake for the speakers and shows their thinking, " said Mr. Pala.
The VPP in a statement through its spokesperson Dr Batskhem Myrboh said that the implementation of Sections 171 and 34 of the IPC and Section 105 of the Meghalaya Police Act, 2010 against the HITO shows that the wrong of the police department the authority.
Shillong: Today, 27th June 2021, the State Government has issued another notice to ban the attendance at places of worship or church services which will be limited to 25% of the population in Shillong and % to other places.
Shillong, Naitung 8: A one-day workshop with the Khasi traditional healers of Meghalaya was held on Tuesday in the capital.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Lokayukta has arrested 12 persons including the incumbent NPP MLA, nine former Executive Members and former Secretary of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC). The Contractors, on the failure to complete the construction of the MDC Hostel in Tura, which has cost Rs 6,01,31,100.00 crore.
Our country is No 1 in the world.
In the semi final between the two, Iga took the lead in the entire match in the first place in all the sets of matches and continued to improve her style of play in order to surrender. 6-1, 6-1 defeat in their semifinal match.
Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee in his speech said, “We want this university to be a learning center where we can share our tools and techniques.
The EC of KHADC has decided to pay 5000 tyngka to the former MDCs of the Council.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 16: In one of the terrible incidents of fire which happened today at 14 Mile, Sonapur, a village on the Meghalaya-Assam border, the 20 houses in the village.
All winners receive trophies, cash prizes and certificates.
This year, these ethanol plants are expected to earn more than Rs 22,000 crore through the sale of ethanol to oil companies.
Therefore, the public is requested to complain to the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District or phone Toll free No.1697, or to the District Grievances Officer of East Jaintia Hills District.
“When we went to talk to the government, we sent a letter that it should be official but to walk on the road is not right. “I am confident that the party will discuss the reservation policy,” said Ardent.
It was also alleged that the army forces failed to prevent the attempted arson of houses and the killing of people near Leimakhong village in Kangpokpi District.
In the presence of Rangbah Shnong Stephen Wanniang, Rangbah Shnong A.Kharwaniang, teachers and other residents of Nongkohlew, Bah PT Sawkmie said that the well will soon be built. at least starting this coming Monday.
He said the Division Bench of the High Court had issued an order allowing Philamon to build a ground to hold sports and sometimes trade fairs.
Speaking on the number of cases, Dr War said that in East Khasi Hills District, 14 cases have been confirmed including 7 BSF personnel and 7 civilians.
The total number of people who have been vaccinated in the past 24 hours is 90,59,360 and the total number of people who have been vaccinated against the virus is 1,50,61,92,9
Shillong: The 1st Meghalaya State Kickboxing Selection Trial 2018 started today in the capital with 193 participants from all districts of Meghalaya.
Then he came to talk, at that time, he was young, Mr. Just Thangkhiew.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 31 new cases have been confirmed and 391 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
Like the distributors, they were ashamed, there was no world left because there were still many who were waiting to drink.
TDCA were undoubtedly a strong side but in the field they had no answer to Shillong’s batters.
And the impact of the disease affects 18% of the women in this area.
Shillong: U Samla Dawan Lyngdoh, Waheh Shnong of Namdong-A today convened a public meeting of the village together with the elders of Myngsngat-Khanduli Constituency. The Chairman of the Village Council of Namdong is Jacob Shylla.
This was announced by Santa Mary Shylla, MLA Sutnga Saipung Constituency on November
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Seng Synroplang Wahumran, which also looks after and maintains the Umran River near Quinine village, have strongly condemned the insurgents, who broke a dead cow near the river. Hang.
East Khasi Hills has 220 new cases, followed by West Garo Hills with 109 cases, West Jaintia Hills with 101 cases and Ribhoi with
Shillong, Naitung 27: Former Governor of Meghalaya, Madhukar Dighe, has passed away and the incumbent Governor of Meghalaya, Dr KK Paul, has sent his condolences to the family of U Tell us.
In the second half, Lumkya SC played strongly against Umkaduh SC and in such a match, Lumkya SC scored another 3 goals and The team beat Umkaduh SC 5-0 to win the title at the start of the tournament.
For home delivery, please call 8837287374/8
Shira has sent a letter to the state police to drop the charges against him for posting on Facebook in the name of another person.
Kick Start and Lawei now have four points each, but Lawei are third while Kick Start are fourth with a goal difference (-3 and -8).
In the women's football category, Kordeinlin Sport Club beat Nongsyntoin UP School 4-2 while in the other match, Neinshnong-B SC beat OK United. FC by 3-0.
Both of them looked at each other because they were not dead.
Israel once perished because it rejected the truths, and God rejected them.
The Minister of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare, Kailash Choudhary on 30th July, visited U Lum Sohpetbneng in Ri Bhoi district.
Mawlai MLA PT Sawkmie is one of the four Congress MLAs who have been suspended from the MPCC for supporting the MDA government. Shillong, Lber 28 : The Congress on Monday lost another MDC from KHADC, Bah Bajop Pyngrope who resigned with the intention of joining the National People's Party (NPP) on the 31st of this month.
“The Community Gym will have sports equipment in every village and the union will talk to the Sports Clubs of the villages to find a house and place to put the sports equipment,” said the union.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: After receiving a tip from the intelligence agencies about the presence of GNLA members in Shillong, the Shillong Police today conducted a search operation around the city. city ​​of Shillong.
This was stated by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma when asked when the scientific mining will start, and the implementation of rules to prevent the resumption of illegal mining.
Jowai: The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has passed a resolution on the issue of the border between Assam and Assam.
Hame Shaniah Suiam will fight today for the Point Fighting title.
The arrest came a few days after the West Bengal Special Task Force arrested four Bangladeshis in Salt Lake Sector 5 of Kolkata for smuggling others. foreigners in this country without proper documents.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Jemino Mawthoh in a statement today said that all the incidents in the KHADC have now come to light and all the facts have come out. He said that at first the UDP turned sohpdung and there were allegations that it was looking for reasons to dissolve the EC, but in fact The UDP is a party that wants to unite the ARPA. Jemino praised the MDCs of the UDP, despite the false allegations against them. They have been offered the CEM seat and the reason is that they want the ARPA to last until the end of the five years.
Besides the suffering of many in the Covid19 pandemic, we can no longer suffer from other disasters that affect our daily lives.
The SPIKAP, which is a member of the Society for the Promotion of Indigenous Knowledge and Practices (SPIKAP), received training from the Doctors of the Department of Health-Malaria, Government of Meghalaya. Futures Group International India Pvt Ltd and Caritas India, on Malaria, and how to help and advise the people affected by this disease which is one of the most common diseases in India. that it is one of the most terrible diseases.
This incident has affected her illness until she died on Tuesday.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has acknowledged that Israel's attack this time is something Hamas militants have never seen in their lives. that there shall be no peace talks or ceasefire until those who have been kidnapped are released from the hands of these insurgents.
Shillong, November 02: The newly elected MLA of Nongstoin, Bah Diosstarness Jyndiang, will be sworn in tomorrow.
The East Jaintia Hills District Council (EAU) has donated its donation to an orphanage, the 7-Thyndai Child Care Institute. Home) is located in Tuberkmaishnong.
According to the Government announcement, the recruitment should be conducted within 90 days through recruitment rallies to be held across India.
Shri.Dap B.Syncream.
Leaders of the Sur of Mawlai, such as Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, Marbud Dkhar and many other leaders, also shouted slogans like “We want justice”, “No suspension no rest”, “No suspension no rest”. the solution remains".
Millions of them will fall like a mountain and they will be the most miserable people and their families in the world.
Thousands of people are said to have died in the plague.
Shillong, Lber 15: Shillong Lajong FC will play again in the I-League against Namdhari FC at 3:30 pm today at Bhaini Sahib. Stadium, Ludhiana.
The first decision was to oppose the implementation of Aadhaar number in the state.
The last four wickets of Kerala fell for just under seven balls and Meghalaya played well to prevent Kerala from reaching 300 runs.
Now it is the responsibility of the kur, the family, the family to come forward to think seriously about this issue, to strengthen the foundation in the structure of the kur, the jait, the family, the kur relationship. It is true that marriage is not a pleasure but a sacred duty.
Shillong: There have been confirmed cases of Coronavirus (COVID-19) in Shumbul Ali, Rohini Baghdas, Sitaram Sharma, Md Shagri, Dr. MM Khan and those who have been in contact with those who have been infected with the virus. Amit Sharma and Sunita Gurung in Jhalupara.
The Congress also strongly condemned the BJP's anti-Christian stance and said, “We strongly condemn the action of the Janajati Dharma Sanskriti Suraksha Manch (RSS-sponsored party) in connection with the demand for the withdrawal of the recognition. Schedule Tribe to those who have converted to Christianity.
The Riwar Mihngi XI was led by Bah Stephanfield Lanong who is one of the prominent players of Pynursla in the past.
The union will continue to monitor and if it finds anyone who continues to enter the village roads, the union will take the necessary measures to hand them over to the law enforcement authorities to stop such trucks from entering the village roads. violate the rules of law, said Bah Shaining.
It is also suspected that this party may have been formed by members of various political parties in Meghalaya who have lost confidence in their own leaders.
Regarding the allegation by the Members of the Opposition that the Police have disturbed the state, until the Meghalaya High Court ordered the CISF to send patrols to curb the smuggling of coal in the State, u The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the police are doing their job, but if the court orders otherwise, the government will see what should be done.
On the second day, Manipur will play against Assam in Group 1 at 11 pm followed by Mizoram against Meghalaya at 3:30 pm in the U-17 women's category. evening in Group
“Meghalaya and the North East will contribute more in the coming years.
Christiano Ronaldo scored from the penalty spot in the 65th minute, Joao Felix scored in the 78th minute, Rafael Leao in the 80th minute and Ghana scored in the 73rd minute. , through Andre Ayew and in the 89th minute, through Osman Bukari.
He took it away, and nailed it to the cross.
Can I become a doctor or an engineer?” and he said that giving birth and having children will be a job, because it is a full-time job.
Charles from Rangshken has joined the Congress party instead of HDR Lyngdoh, the incumbent MLA of the constituency.
“It's not that I'm against English but I'm just saying that we should learn English,” he said. my mother tongue" he added.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: The National Press Day was celebrated on Saturday, with the theme of the celebration being “The Duty of Journalists to Bring Accurate Information to the People's Republic of China”. The opening ceremony of the celebration started in the morning and a panel discussion in the afternoon and ended in the evening with the distribution of prizes to the winners of the press competition.
“We will submit our demands even without reading the 52 laws.
His term as Prime Minister will end in November this year.
Fenella L Nonglait, the independent candidate, came fourth with 3131 votes, while the UDP candidate received only 1257 votes.
However, the owner of Kimlee Building, Paul Leong and the owner of the Kimlee Building, Paul Leong, also expressed their opposition.
He also asked the government through the PWD department, whether these roads have been constructed only for the Synod or for the benefit of the residents? If it is only for the Synod, the PWD department and the government should return the land give deeds to all the landowners so that they can use their own land.
Shillong: U Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly, on Tuesday expressed his deep sorrow over the passing away of Dhruba Nath Joshi, former MLA of the State Legislative Assembly.
In addition to these types of fertilizers which I have mentioned above which we get from animals and humans, there is another type of fertilizer which we get from birds, han or all kinds of birds, which is very valuable.
In this fight I lost a Raomer, Shijur and sweat juti which were used in self defense and all this I fought not because I am a murderer, but because I am I wanted to protect those two young women who were about to be destroyed by the robbers.
It cannot be said that even the church leaders don't understand what is right and what is wrong, because just to win any candidate they support they don't even want to throw money at the people, especially the the households of women and the poor.
She said that the union has handed over to the Governor Satya Pal Malik the demands of the union to the government for talks with the government.
On the other hand, the leader of the farmers said that this thew kilo has been a long time, there are 100 farmers but there are many farmers.
“This is the time to do it, we have leaves and plastic to use instead of plastic which are recyclable and environmentally friendly,” said Bah Lambor.
Shillong, March 28 : The Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
Albest Lyngdoh Nonglait, President of TULBA Sawsymper Unit said that the unity of the members of the group has been the reason for the success in achieving what they plan to accomplish in a short period of time. Jantina Sohlang and her children can shelter from the rain.
On this day, there was a beautiful participation of many people who wanted to know for themselves how much strength they can carry.
“When setting up these three sectors of SHG, VO and CLF,” said Kynta, the government can provide assistance through various funds that come only once. He said that the office has tried to bring about change in terms of health and social relationships.
Ajit Pawar, who was once an opposition member of the NCP and joined the BJP to become the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, was expected to meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi and to the Minister of Home Affairs, Amit Shah.
He also questioned the presence of slums in the City, which has created problems for the people through the restriction of vehicular movement to the area.
Speaking on other demands of the JAC, the VC said that regarding the University Health Center (UHC), the committee has taken steps and done the requirements from the portal according to the directive. the Government of India – approval which was given permission on 1 November.
According to Bah Allan, there is a need for a voting machine to be used to verify the voting machines.
The number of cases worldwide has now reached 13 million and in India, 9 lakh.
Speech was delivered by Bah Rocky Marwein, who expressed his satisfaction to see the initiative of the USS&CC officials to continue to hold the tournament. also as one of the ways to help youngsters to improve in football.
The selected candidates will receive free coaching for one year from the coaches of Rangdajied United FC. Elite RUFC Youth Teams.
The DC of East Khasi Hills Sanjay Goyal said that the attendance of the employees in the office is 95 percent and those who are absent are due to illness.
The Union of Shnongs of Jaintia Hills (SWSRJ) has expressed its dissatisfaction with the issuance of ID cards by the JHADC to the Shnongs who have issued ID cards.
This shows that the people still have confidence in me and the Congress,” he said.
He recalled that it was he and the MDA government who removed the MUDA boundary to implement the Housing Act, which was an issue that the people were afraid of at that time.
The 15-year-old, Emi Shylla, is the son of Say Shylla and Oli Rymbai.
About 90 percent of the residents of Tuberkmaishnong village are dependent on agriculture.
Ratan said, “Receiving the award on the second day is my milestone in my filmmaking career which I started in
It is at that time that a great ruler will appear, announce and convene a meeting of the world to establish one world government, one government in the world.
For land under 5000 sqft it is 2,000 tyngka, for land from 5000 sqft to 10,000 sqft is 3,500 tyngka, for land from 10,000 sqft to 20,000 sqft is 7,000 tyngka and for 10 sqft .
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Meghalaya government has set a target to invest T.1088.9 crore in the livestock schemes. The government has announced to spend T.127 crore for the five-year period from this year to 2022 and has set a target that about 50,000 households will benefit from this. The scheme will be implemented by the Meghalaya Piggery and Livestock Development Society.
Prestone said that there are more than 1000 people selling in the market, but no one will be allowed to sell in the market.
On the other hand, Kong Arena reiterated her goal to pass laws to protect and assist the poor, youth in the unemployment market and promised that she will not leave the people of Shella in the Whenever they need it because it is the village headman, the village headman will stand up for the people of Shella.
As part of preventing women from following the dress code of other women in the world, the government has imposed a strict rule and this is to arrest, imprison and beat there is also.
Another new candidate in the political field is Daniel Dann, retired sports officer, who has decided to contest the MLA election of Congress.
There are many praises for the DC, but the only reason for his dismissal is that the leaders of Jaintia Hills have lost their own interests, said those who condemn the decision to dismiss him. Shillong, July 16: The Seng Samla Shnong Umkiang has expressed its deep sorrow regarding the electrical wires in Umkiang Village.
Thus all these things shall be fulfilled in Israel in Jerusalem: for God hath spoken from the beginning, he will not lie, he will fulfill what he hath spoken.
He said that on receiving information about the incident, the Mawlasnai Police Outpost rushed to the scene to provide assistance to the victim. Police took the man to Mawlasnai PHC for treatment, but for further treatment he was taken to CHC Bhoirymbong.
People with disabilities in Meghalaya are facing difficulties in their lives, due to the lack of services by public or government vehicles in the coming and going which leads to poor communication or involved in society, it also causes a huge loss of self-worth and also leads to isolation which is exactly the dress code that leads to poverty and loneliness.
The petition states that the LCS is allowed to transport 6000MT of coal per day, although the current production is 17,000MT per day. , to reach 56,000MT per day, in the next five years.
“I am a Christian and the Prime Minister is a Christian, how can he criticize me like that?” he said.
The President of the East Jaintia Minerals Association, Wanshwa Nongtdu, said that the dry port could be opened in July or June.
Shillong: The FKJGP has urged all political parties in Meghalaya like the UDP, PDF, HSPDP and others to withdraw their support from the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government led by the National People's Party (NPP). Party.
The team, which came second in the Super Division of the NDSA last season, also raised the question, “Why the MFA in all five group games was held Chanmari Stadium”, but now it has been moved to PA Sangma Stadium.
This article is a request by the author to those who are too busy to do, especially those who have no benefit or purpose.
Recently, members of the Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF), after receiving a complaint from the village headmen of the area, visited the site of the Iingbasa in Them Marwet. , Khanapara and forcibly suspended the construction of the building owned by foreigners Ram Avtar Agarwal and Suresh Prithani.
When asked whether there are any signs of pyut on the sohsaw, Pyndap said that after the cross, the sohsaw is good and there are no signs. and it is not clear that it is a cross.
You (Israel) are confident that you are a guide of the blind, a light in the darkness ... Romans 2:1
The relatives of the deceased have lodged a complaint regarding the disappearance of the deceased and the investigation is ongoing to track down the deceased.
About 1700 residents from across the country who have received various flagship schemes like Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM), PM Kisan Samman Nidhi Yojna, Amrit Sarovar Yojana, Central Vista Project and others have been invited. to listen to the address of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi to the country from the vantage point of this historic building.
In the second half, Buromlangki Salahe scored the first goal for Ladthadlaboh in the 82nd minute.
However, at the same time, the question has arisen why the state government does not implement properly the schemes of the central government which have provided the funds for all the needs.
We would also like to thank the Executive Magistrates, Superintendents of Police and Traffic, East Khasi Hills District together with their officers and police force for the security and traffic control arrangements, which they did during those days.
Meanwhile, GNLA leader Lethri T Sangma alias Samanda Megapgre of Harara was arrested by Mendipathar Police Station in Salpara on Tuesday.
Mbappe has scored 40 goals in his career this season, beating Real Madrid at the end of the season. The player has signed a new three-year contract with PSG, which expires next year. until he re-exercises the option he has for remaining with the team until 2025.
Babu Mayborn said that the politics on this issue is between the UDP whose member holds the education department and the NPP whose MR holds the finance department. amount.
There is also a bridge called the Blei Bridge at Laitmawsiang.
Nongpoh: Bara Killing Football Club on Tuesday beat Baridua Youth Club 1-0 to win the title of the Umlangpur Youth & Cultural Club Football Tournament. , in the final match which was held on Saturday at the Jorbil Stadium, Killing.
The program was attended by Nodal Officer Sofia Dkhar, Urban Officer L Langstieh, Capacity Building Specialist Wansalan Passah and other residents of the area.
This year Beyonce won Album of the Year to Harry Styles and became the second most successful singer to win 32 Grammys in her career. Georg Solti.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 21: U Bah D.Jyndiang MLA of Nongstoiñ Constituency today visited Nongpyndeng Village in Nongstoiñ, Nongstoiñ, for a special visit to 56 orphans. Rev. S. Wollington Children's Home under the jurisdiction of the KJP Western Synod.
In the 37th minute, Rangdajied had their chance when Wanlamsuk Nongkhlaw sent the ball past Mawlai goalkeeper Neithovilie Chalien but his cross was wide.
Here and there you could see the branches of sohot and diengkseh trees.
It is because the lights and parents do not pay attention and do not serve their children in the customs and traditions and to honor their own.
With this victory, Latyrke and Biate United will play in the SBSA Super League next season, said SBSA General Secretary Rimi Chadap.
It has affected various businesses not only in the rural areas but also in the city.
This encourages us that in the midst of the darkness that has covered literacy and education, there is still a light in the sky with the announcement of the results of Higher Secondary School Leaving. Certificates.
Explaining on this issue, Bah Pynshngaiñ said that he too is concerned about how to protect the jaitbynriew and that is why he did not resign from the post of MDC like the seven MDCs. Adelbert wants to remove this to prevent foreigners from voting and contesting in the MDC elections. He said that only the indigenous people should be the owners of the land because this puts the nation in danger if others can bsuh head.
This strike is one of the parts of MEMRIWU's strike, which is to stop sending all reports to the management.
Manipur, who lost to Meghalaya in the semi-final, scored again in the 33rd minute through M Simte to take the lead until the end of the first half.
He alleged that Chaubey for his own benefit, has awarded many tenders such as broadcasting of I-League or TV broadcasting of I-League (last season), IWL , Santosh Trophy to an anonymous company, which allegedly has close ties with the incumbent President of the AIFF. Bhattacharjee said in a letter written and sent to Defense Minister Amit Shah and to Minister of Sports Anurag Thakur.
He said the committee has visited Khanduli to ensure that the residents of the border area are happy to bring peace and stability in the border area.
Hek said that the state government in consultation with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has agreed to temporarily convert the school into a Corona Care Center so that it can be set up and maintained. The number of cases of COVID-19, especially after the increase in the number of cases of COVID-19, has increased from day to day.
In another match, Mawkhar SC beat Nongkrem 6-0
“Conrad Sangma says that Meghalaya has the lowest unemployment rate but you have to look at the reality.
Earlier, Bah Adelbert resigned from the post of Working President of KHNAM and said that the decision of the CEC is a violation of the voice of the people. MLA before taking this decision.
Reham Khan, who lived with Imran for only 40 months in 2015, said, "It's better that he doesn't speak at all, because it will benefit many.
These YouTube channels have nearly 33 lakh subscribers and their videos, almost all of which have been found to be fake, have been viewed more than 30 billion times.
The KHADC has introduced the Professional Tax to ensure that all foreigners pay the Professional Tax properly in their business.
He said that the first issue that the members told the Prime Minister was that until the factory is running again, the Government should provide financial assistance to the workers and should not remove the factory. .
The allocation of funds for the construction of this building can be obtained from the Government and the Assembly has nothing to do with it.
Therefore, the proposal to set up BPOs in the rural areas of Meghalaya will be successful”.
He added that in Meghalaya there are only two MLAs but development works reach everyone down to the smallest.
Regarding the long-term taxis and commercial buses in Motphran and Khyndailad; The Minister said that adequate spaces will be provided for these public vehicles.
He said it is time for the state government and the district council to have a co-ordination committee to know which subjects of the district councils and which subjects of the state government. “The problems will never end,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ, who criticized Bah Rowell, who holds power as the second prime minister and as the government minister in charge of the Law Department, that he should also speak to the government. to strengthen the laws of the Hima through the incorporation of the requirements of its laws.
Teilinia asked who had done it, Grace replied that it was illegally done by the Manager of Tynring Sordar Roy Pyngrope, Tynring Sordar CA Lyngdoh.
The earthquake occurred at about 4.30 pm this morning.
When asked whether this is the first time that clashes between Muslims and Nepalis have broken out in Jhalupara, Prakash said it is the first time but he believes this is an incident that could happen in Jhalupara. village jongno jongno ruh, but it was not because of ethnic differences because they lived in peace and harmony and felt like fellow villagers.
These days we see that the Meghalaya High Court has decided that even Mawshun which should be exported is a Major Mineral. Those who own less than 100 (Shispah) hectares can also fall under the Mawshun because they can take the Mawshun exported as a Major Mineral like Coal.
Besides, the presence of street vendors along the road has made this road more crowded in the Motphran area which is a bustling market with tourists and shopkeepers from day to day until evening.
However, when the budget is low, this is the cause of the decline.
The fire was heavy and slightly heavy, and it had to be lifted by crane.
He said he decided to contest after his close friends urged him to contest.
Also present on the occasion were Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon, General Secretary VPP and MP candidate, VPP members from East Jaintia Hills Damewanhi Rymbai, General Secretary N Dkhar. Organizing Secretary, Shining Siangshai.
Tripathi said that the two companies that have taken the contract from IL&FS, NKC and YFC have been delayed due to the heavy rainfall which has made it difficult to construct the road especially to clear the hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The preparations of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) in collaboration with the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs to host the Meghalaya Games 2022 have been criticized by many for failing to provide the necessary facilities. players who come to take part in various sports.
He said that to reach unity it is not for any political party to work together because everyone has their own basis, and to work together requires an understanding before and before the MLA elections. the HSPSP and this is the first time to move forward.
The DC, on the other hand, said that all these 25 persons have been shifted to Jowai District Jail to avoid any danger. in this place.
Lapasam is currently teaching at Nongtalang College and is also the Archbishop of Sahsniang Presbyterian Church.
Since the construction of the stadium, the Tura Football League and the Subroto Cup have been held.
At that time, Herod was the slave king of the kingdom of Judea, which included the city of Bethlehem and the city of Jerusalem.
“He said he has no knowledge of the truth of the water collection conducted by the FKJGP and where it was sent for testing.
Dr Das urged the parents to come forward to send their children for treatment while the disease is not long so that it will not affect their children when they grow up and urged the parents not to Delay in seeking medical help if you know that your children have any illness, especially high blood pressure.
At present, this PHC has only one MBBS Doctor to look after the needs of the people in more than 30 villages and not only that it is less staffed than other PHCs in South West. Khasi Hills District.
Even the Rangbah Shnongs have not yet been recognized by the law, what is the District Council for? He asked and added that the District Council instead of empowering the Rangbah Shnongs has failed to do so. but they are not.
The government by words without action shows that this government is a government by words without action.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 06: In a tragic incident which happened at 10 pm last night, the driver of a truck has lost his life and the driver of a truck has been seriously injured. This happened after a truck overturned and fell near the Forest Department in Umling.
Conrad said the Government will also work hard to improve the income of farmers for 6 lakh households in rural areas, to achieve zero infant and maternal mortality. Children and mothers by ensuring that they give birth in health centres, to ensure that all children have the right opportunity to grow up properly and to provide 5 youths focusing on agriculture, digital service, self-employment and tourism.
Of course, there are some who are not.
These are not only happening in our state but also in the world.
Shillong: The Barato Village Council has decided to revive the Barato Market in the border areas of West Jaintia Hill District.
The news of Bah Shanbor's son spread throughout the village.
West Garo Hills SP Mukesh Singh said Hedio was the commander of the GNLA. The investigation is ongoing.
Shillong: Seven presbyteries of Mairang area today held a Christmas celebration at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar, Shillong. .
Regarding the loss of salaries of the Council employees, he asked whether it is true that the District Council has not been able to release the salaries of the Council employees and Members from October 2022 to May you are long haoid.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) in a statement sent by Rapborlang Nongrum, Publicity Secretary, has informed all parents, brothers and sisters of Bri U Hynniewtrep to be vigilant if their children or siblings, go to study or work abroad especially in Delhi.
On the other hand, Bah Paul said that this day will be a memorable day because for the first time since 1841 when the Khasi alphabet was introduced, today the law has been amended. POCSO is not in Khasi.
There are 33 crore religions in India and the RSSS does not want to change or destroy them, because they have their own value,” said the RSS Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The Shillong Cricket Association (SCA) today kicked off the Shillong Cricket League 1st Division Tournament at the SCA Ground, Polo. Donkin CC won the toss and elected to bat first.
The President of the Congress from Nongstoin said that all three names of the candidates who have applied for tickets will be submitted at the District meeting tonight and also at the State meeting. long tomorrow.
They also said that they are happy that the spirit of this Khlawait ka Jaidbynriew unites the Jaidbynriew no matter what group they belong to.
Shillong, July 20: A meeting to mark the birth anniversary of Meghalaya will be held tomorrow at 3 pm at the Soso Tham Auditorium.
Sangma did not have 40 nominees and thus the nomination paper was rejected.
Laban-Mawprem MDC Ricky Shullai will soon join the party.
“I'm sorry.
“This rally is the beginning of the election campaign by entering the remote villages of West Shillong Constituency,” said Bah Paul Lyngdoh while addressing the supporters at a short meeting earlier. to start this rally.
After a while, my daughter gave birth to a son.
He said that India should not mine uranium from the state for its own safety which will sustain the nation for thousands of years.
We have seen the struggle of many young job seekers who have lost hope in the government's approach to allow more Garo and to discriminate against Khasi-Pnar.
The Seng Khasi feels that the authors of such books, especially those from outside the state, like Manjir Ghosh, should not just write to complete the rules, but should seek to find out. The origins of the Khasi people.
We have many rivers across the state which have attracted foreigners, but we cannot use the water in the rivers.
The Nongpoh Greater Water Supply Scheme has been allocated Rs 103.71 crore by the Jal Jeevan Mission through the Ministry of Jal Shakti of the Central Government and also from the State Government, with the aim of providing water to every household. Many of the villages in the Census Town do not have adequate drinking water supply because the scheme cannot be implemented only in the rural areas, and many of the people are suffering from water shortage.
The two non-members of the UDP are Dr DRL Nonglait and former HYC President Robertjune Kharjahrin.
At the same time, the Deiñkhlam ka Doh was also erected and after this many households erected small Diengkhlam in their houses.
Lumbhahdakha Wahiajer, Pammanik beat Mookaswan Dongnein and Tpeppale while Catholic Youth Mihmyntdu beat Mupliang in the third division football tournament held at WJSA. Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Saturday.
He said that change is needed and it is not enough to follow this method as it has killed the true spirit of democracy.
He said the TMC is still a new party and has not yet gained the trust of the people.
In the past, to the east and west of the village, there were large and barren forests but now there are only bniap because they have been allowed to burn rnga.
The price of jhur increased by 15.41 per cent in June from 11.64 per cent in October
These foreign fruits are larger and sweeter but cannot compete with the purity and taste of locally produced fruits.
"Thank you very much, Bah, if you need anything, I'll come to you..." said Bah Shanbor.
“The BJP has celebrated the New Year with four MLAs especially Bah AL Hek who has returned home after several years.
“Peace is the path to development.
Most Rev. Dominic Jala, Archbishop was the Chief Guest at the Holy Mass.
Speaking to reporters at the TMC office in Shillong, Sangma called the MDA government the “Meghalaya Deceitful Alliance” or the coalition government of Meghalaya for its deceitfulness to the people. The villagers of Mawpdang Mawkhanu have bought land from land agents at a price of T 85 per sq.ft worth T 298.98 crore, while the owner's price is T 45 per sq. ft worth T 298.98 crore. T 158.28 crore, a difference of T 140.7 crore.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced that the mid-term elections in various states will be postponed due to the covid-19 pandemic.
Four of them have been ordered to stop producing drugs while the licenses of six companies have been revoked, he said.
“The Deputy Commissioners in several districts have already started the process of collecting the names of the beneficiaries.
:It is something to remember about the provision of health care in the rural areas, where people often when they want better health care go to the cities in search of better health care. get healthy.
“Of course one of the reasons is the COVID-19 pandemic, but there are other reasons because it has to conduct interview examinations for all government departments.
Among the states in the North East, it is clear that it will be difficult for the authorities from Assam to enter the states which have laws to curb the illegal entry of foreigners such as the ILP. Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram and Nagaland.
Police have launched an investigation into the incident.
ST Certificates are required in all areas, for access to schemes, scholarships, exemption from Income Tax and other Government related requirements.
Zenith asked who will pay for the low amount of T.75 crore per month or T.900 crore per annum.
Therefore, they urge the government authorities to set up a PHC in Risiang or nearby area to benefit the people of Nongtrai.
In this regard, the Seng Khihlang invites all the children of the Hynniewtrep to attend this special tournament, said a statement from the Secretary of the Seng Khihlang.
Viewers often criticize the company for not having enough stories and this has prompted the authorities of the company to take action. to accommodate this majority response by providing and perfecting the films it produces to be moving.
The Minister said that these new health centers in the state will be in accordance with the present era and will be fully implemented.
Silgar M. Sangma (2/24) took two wickets while Chengsrang S. Marak (1/5) and Salchang Sangma (1/19) took 10 wickets.
Shillong, June 03: The Education Cell of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) recently met with the Secretary to the Education Department, Ambrose Ch.
His writings have also been published in textbooks.
When you sit down, you sit down.
The Gospel is not only large, but it is great, wide, broad and powerful.
There are 26 cases in East Khasi Hills, 17 cases in West Garo Hills, 3 cases in East Garo Hills, 3 cases in South Garo Hills and 3 cases in West Jaintia Hills. , 2 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 1 case in North Garo Hills, 1 case in Ri Bhoi District and 1 case in South West Garo Hills.
From time to time, the union reminds that no one should pass through this bridge when the load reaches 40, 50 tonnes because the capacity is only 8, 9 tonnes but no one listens to this. private individuals for their own benefit can cause great losses to the residents of the area.
The New York Times reported that up to 100,000 soldiers were killed in the war; while Ukraine claims that the number of enemy troops it has killed has reached 1,16,950 as of 17 July
Speaking on the occasion, Prestone said the state government has appealed to the Supreme Court to stop the search operation after the government has received the opinion of experts. it was no longer possible to continue searching for bodies.
On this occasion, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Urban Affairs said that the state government is ready to talk to the HPC on their request to prepare the blueprint, which is for the relocation of the 342 households from Themiewmawlong to the present site of the Shillong Municipal Board.
At the meeting, Bhupender Yadav also congratulated the Prime Minister for the release of T.2.0 lakh accident insurance to all non-government employees on the portal. eSHRAM.If non-government employees have registered themselves on the eSHRAM portal and if they die or become injured in an accident, they will receive T.2.0 lakh and T.1.0 lakh and the government is working hard to ensure that the welfare of such employees.
However, the foreigner has won the Rnong medal for himself by being able to move up to second place by beating the Indian player.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Mawlai Circle on Tuesday submitted a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Kong Isawan and Laloo. The Border Security Force (BSF) has launched a training camp at Mawpat and Langkyrding.
He also recalled that during the time of covid, with the blessings of God, he has reached out to help the people of the area.
“We will nominate candidates from all the constituencies in Khasi-Jaintia Hills for the upcoming MDC elections,” said the spokesperson.
Salseng Marak, who lives in Dakopgre, opposite Gate No. 2 of the Doordarshan TV Tower, has contested on the Congress ticket. MLA of Selsella this year.
Mr. George also expressed his concern about the presence of heavy vehicles such as overweight trucks passing through the old bridge, which can cause danger due to the collapse.
However, one thing we see is that while this government has failed from time to time, the MLAs/MDCs have slowly entered the government without expecting that this party will be in the government again. after 2023.
The party wants to know how much the government has spent on the construction of the Myntdu-Leskha power project which has been completed for 11 hours a day. increase from T.390 crore to T.1300 crore.
Many vehicles passing by on this highway to Sohra, Mawlynnong and this reporter saw that as soon as they reached this place many vehicles stopped to throw garbage and some of them stopped to leave. They didn't accept that this was a public place.
“This disease can be cured by taking antibiotics,” she said.
At the meeting, the DC also stressed on the need to vaccinate the residents, saying that the government has prepared for the vaccination of the residents, so that it will be one of the ways to It prevents the spread of the disease and also helps to slow down the activity of the virus in the body.
This village is located about 8 kilometers west of Nongstoiñ town and about 5 kilometers on the road to the most beautiful and largest village in Meghalaya, Nongkhnum.
Media reports said that the census by government officials has been wrong from time to time whenever there is a public meeting and they have forcibly reduced what the public receives just for the sake of They want to please the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma.
“As long as I am alive, I will never allow the implementation of the NRC in the State.
During the visit, the two prime ministers may also visit Mukroh, an area which is in the midst of violence from time to time.
The 16 leaders of the Seng Khasi were founded after they saw the invasion of the Western forces to destroy the customs and traditions of the Khasi people and to curb the invasion of the Khasi people. The authorities of the western country have established the Seng Khasi.
Speaking on the occasion, the National President of the party said that through this programme, 5000 tyngka each and 5000 tyngka have been allocated to the group. This donation will also include the residents of Mawkynrew constituency.
It is also their right to sell and buy their property.
Tel Aviv: Millions of people have fled their homes in the eastern Gaza Strip for fear of an Israeli offensive. to the area, against Hamas militants.
Nidamon Chullet, President JHTOA, expressed his gratitude to the State Government, the Transport Department and the Chief Minister and Minister of Transport for taking the initiative to listen to the JAC. “The new fare and the dewbilat factories should immediately implement this new fare,” said Nidamon who also congratulated all the organizations in the JAC who have joined hands to fight against the dewbilat factories. to implement new fees in the past months.
“When asked whether the jobs are a sign of unemployment and poverty in the state, the Minister was surprised and said that it is impossible to force them to join as poverty is the problem of the country. the whole body is covered.
The march started from Kiang Nangbah Government College, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai to Iawmusiang.
State of Meghalaya &Ors.
When they left, Riia went to her house; but Linda didn't work anymore because she was sick.
He gave an example of the parks that were taken over by the government in 1973, when the government handed over the Borsora mine to the Assam Bengal Company Limited (ABCL). Ropeway Company Limited has constructed a ropeway from Sohra to Cherra Chha.
Immediately after the crossing of the Chinese fighter jets, Taiwan also launched its fighter jets and weapons in the air, the report said.
“Many talks have come out in these days that Assam should not be allowed to occupy even 10 inches of Meghalaya's border area, but suddenly it was seen that the troops in Shillong have occupied and destroyed. it's more than ten inches.
Before the opening ceremony, a short meeting was conducted by Rev.E.Nongpluh, Chairman of the Committee. J.Suchiang, Director of Fisheries, Government of Meghalaya, Rymbui, Superintendent of Fisheries, K.Siangshai, Retired Fisheries Officer, West Jaintia Hills and others were invited. please.
Shillong: Khonglah Ampdum beat Pasadwar YB in the 20th Riwar Cup Invitation Football Tournament organized by Bakur Social Welfare Sport Club at Madan. Bakur through the tiebreaker to 11-1
In West Jaintia Hills, there are 8 cases including 5 high risk contacts, 1 case from abroad and 2 cases from random test.
He said that besides poverty, there is also the ignorance that has overwhelmed their minds which is difficult to overcome.
Speaking at the meeting, Union Minister in charge of Textiles and Women and Child Development, Smriti Zubin Irani, said that the signing of MoUs with the state governments shows the hard work of the Ministry to extend its support to the state team and make them equal partners to build the spirit of economic development of the country in order to develop in terms of garment industry.
? She shook her body immediately. “Em, em, I'm just dreaming.
From Guwahati Shasi was arrested from Manipur.
Regarding the many good deeds of the government which has helped the area, Santa Mary Shylla urged the people of the area to help and support the NPP party. The goal is to bring more benefits to the area and the constituency as a whole so that the cooperation will continue to develop the area.
India, ranked 106th, beat Kuwait (149th) by tie-breaker in the final of the SAFF Championships 2023 in November.
Shortly after, police arrested the driver of the truck and took him to CHC Sohra for medical examination.
Nongrum said the present Executive Committee will not hesitate to talk to the government for the enactment of the marriage law to strengthen the uniqueness of the jaitbynriew.
You have worked hard, my friends, and I have stayed.
The race started from the starting point of Kiang Nangbah Stadium and the runners ran through Ladthadlaboh Main Road. -Mission Compound-Iongpiah-Dulong-Tpep-Pale-Wah Nangbah-Ïawmusiang – and finished at the finishing point of Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
Chandana, the wife of a day laborer, won from Saltora constituency.
After hearing the sound of gunfire, the troops rushed to the scene, where there was also a heavy gunfire.
After the formation of the non-opposition government in 2021, YM Yollow has also been appointed Minister of Forest, Environment and Climate Change.
He said that the Department in collaboration with the C&RD Department has conducted an inspection of all the Anganwadi Centers in the State and on the basis of this, it was found that 273 Centers should be abolished. and to build new ones, while more than 2290 centers need to be upgraded.
The Minister confirmed this in front of the village leaders of Mawprem area at a meeting on Thursday.
Let us look at John 4:23, which says, “But the hour cometh, and now is, when the true worshipers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth: for the Father seeketh such to worship him. for the Father seeketh such to worship him.
We immediately convened a meeting and sent a letter to the Prime Minister Conrad K. Sangma, MLA Bah AL Hek, Minister of Tourism Bah Paul Lyngdoh and Commissioner & Secretary of Tourism. Vijay Kumar's world,” he said.
Speaking to reporters on Tuesday, 24th June 2024, Bah Thomas Pasah said that the meeting with the CEM was after the meeting with the Deputy Director Admit of the party. KHNAM said that according to Section 3A Subsection C of the Trading by Non Tribal Regulation, this foreigner should not be allowed to obtain a trading license from the KHADC. you have a trading license.
“The replacement of the MPCC President does not mean that we should replace the CLP leader, the CLP leader is elected by the MLAs while the MPCC President is elected. by the AICC”.
There are four who have been ryngngat or duh immediately.
He also requested the state government to release and lift the rules and regulations imposed by the members and leaders in order to restore peace and order once again and urged the government to call for talks. to the political parties to reach an agreement.
However, if there are such processing units, the soh can be converted into many types of food and at a higher price.
After the inspection, Bah Hadrian Lyngdoh said that so far, the KHADC has not issued any permit or NOC to VNR Infrastructure Ltd, a company from Hyderabad which is implementing the project. Railway Station, to manage its operations.
According to the residents, the influx of tourists has increased as the days go by and thousands of people come early in the morning to witness the beauty of the city. May 17th.
not only in Meghalaya but also in other states of India.
On the opening day, a cricket match was held between Rngi Rum and Senglang.
It is unfortunate that in the midst of this struggle against the spread of the disease, there have been those who take advantage in some places by claiming to be believers in God, misleading the people, saying here There is no Covid 19 in Khasi Hills because God has protected it, God Himself does not love partially He loves all His creatures. to wear masks or to protect against covid19 because you don't know what you will do, not only that, some groups have gathered to pray in places that are not safe from this disease.
“However, we are not able to confirm because the talks are still ongoing,” they said.
Mankind cannot do anything with it.
The Delhi government has conducted a survey to find out the truth about the air pollution in the city.
CPI candidate Richard Shabong has T.10,000 in his hand and T.5,000 in the bank.
The World Mission Orphanage has been operating since June 2018 at Moodop, Nartiang in collaboration with the World Mission Nartiang Unit.
Gokhale said he had a Meghalaya police officer who knew him well.
The NATO summit will be held in Vilnius, Lithuania, next November.
“Many people insult us but it doesn't matter because only those who have experienced and have children who have fallen into this drink understand,” said the youths. Whether there are still those who want to change on the part of the journalist, he also met with several more youths who have fallen victim to such alcohol.
Indeed, since recent years, Meghalaya has had Governors who speak English well.
Zandy Myrthong said that the Union has also requested for the construction of a road from Mawjai to Nongummer which is about 6 kilometers long. According to the AEE of PWD (R), the work is almost complete and only a few days remain to prepare the Details Project Report (DPR). This year, the tender will not be called.
On the other hand, Shashi Tharoor wished the new president success as the party leader.
Replying to Vincent's statement that only older MPs can speak in Parliament, Dr Jemino said, “Conrad K Sangma when he was MP for the first time, he got I don't want to speak well in Parliament but Bah Pala just clapped his hands.
Shillong: Members of the Joint Action Committee against Umngot Hydro Power Project today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to demand that the government should cancel the plan to build the Umngot Hydro Power Project. to Wah Umngot.
The victory of the VPP led by Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit to four seats has shocked the people especially the youth who wanted change.
“According to the order of the High Court, the owner of the complex can lease the shops to foreigners but it has also ordered that those who own the shops “The Court in the order said that these 9 shops which were closed on 29.05.2014 can open but they have to follow the procedures below. Sections 7 A and 7 B of the Trading By Non Tribal Act 1954 which means that they have to obtain a trading license from the KHADC,” said Bah Rangkynsai Kharbuki.
On the other hand, the President of the Lympung ki Hynriew Shnong, Bah Paul Sawian, said that the Lympung has decided to oppose the government's plan to open the Iewduh and Khyndai Lad on the grounds that the disease. corona virus in the country is increasing steadily, and Iewduh and Khyndai Lad are the places where people from within and outside the state are mixing and this will put a threat on the spread. Therefore, the government should not open the Iewduh and Khyndai Lad first.
(Socio-Economic Caste Census 2011).
According to the letter, Bah M.Kharkrang has sent a letter to the State President of the BJP, Bah Ernest Mawrie, saying that he has withdrawn from the contest. North Shillong Constituency.
Rymbai said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah and the Minister of Education have promised to take action on the request of the Association.
“I appeal to the people that if you belong to any party, please don't hesitate or don't go to watch or listen to the election campaign if you don't have an opinion and support what you want, " he said.
Thus it is clear that the name of Syiem Tirot Singh and Kiang Nangbah is more famous than that of Syiem Bormanik of Shyllong, Syiem Sngap Singh of Maharam Hima and other brave kings from all over the country. society because the British did not beat them to death.
I have already informed the Prime Minister regarding these incidents of rape by government officials from Assam, so that he can speak to the government officials of Assam and urge them not to have any more violence. development works from the Government of Meghalaya in the border villages with Assam.
Sangma said the National People's Party (NPP) which leads the present government cannot win 5-6 constituencies. in Garo Hills? When asked by Dr Mukul, this investigation is not by the chairman of Dr Mukul Sangma, but by the election chairman of the NPP, he said.
Regarding mobile shops, computer shops, mobile recharge shops, stationary shops and single car shops, the DC's office has announced that only two shops will be allowed to open. Shillong: 13/05/2020 and 14/05/2020 from 9.00 am to 4.00 pm.
The U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 2023 sponsored by the Shillong Sports Association (SHSA) has become a success with Kharang SC and Laitumkhrah SC winning on Tuesday.
It is said that it is the first time in the State that a man has married two women at the same time.
You should not be “sngewbieit” or argue only inside the house.
Speaking at all these 12 villages, Fr.Manbha Pakem urged the people to support each other especially the poor and to follow the directions of the Government so that prevent the spread of this disease.
The victory of Vincent H Pala from Shillong and the defeat of the Congress candidate from Tura will be the reason why the seat of Prime Minister Mukul Sangma will be shaken in the coming days.
The JSU has handed over the two trucks to the Phramer Traffic Cell and the investigation is ongoing.
Regarding the Exit Point, Lambokstar said that according to the DC, although earlier they had visited one of the areas under 12 Mer, but due to opposition from the DC, The residents, which has caused the work to be delayed and have to be found elsewhere.
“What will the government do against these policemen who misuse their powers? The President of FKJGP Jaintia Hills Unit, Bah Tuesday Lytep, said that the FKJGP Jaintia Hills Unit strongly condemns this and will take the necessary measures in this regard. Two MLAs of East Jaintia Hills District have demanded that the state government should explain why foreigners are willing to order the police to send bombs to the people who oppose the protest. A meeting was held today (Friday) at Lumshnong village on the proposal of Topcem to expand the dewbilat factory.
At the same time, he said that the Government has not yet provided any financial assistance to the cow farmers due to the outbreak of LSD. When asked whether the Government intends to pay compensation to the cow farmers, who have to close down their farms due to the disease, Bah Hek said, “The Government will pay the compensation ( to the cowboys)".
The ranking looks at the states and districts according to 12 categories on 3 social development issues namely – human needs, welfare principles and opportunities .
Therefore, we have to help them to run their factories smoothly and at the same time, they should also enforce the law.
Gogoi, in his speech, said, “The looting of the BJP through the petrol tax is well known to the people of the state and that is why the protests crowd, increasing in number, on the second day.
Finally, the leaders of these two religious organizations urged the Governor to take action on this issue, at the same time to help the Governor. for him to carry out this task completely, which is in accordance with the Constitution of the country.
He said that the MDA government under the leadership of these two larger parties, has been plagued by corruption and the people have faced problems in many areas.
At the same time, Barak invited the HFU leaders to Israel to visit and understand more about the agricultural system in the country.
:During the Start up India Overview programme, Neeraj Kumar Khater, the speaker of the program in the presence of Assistant Managers of Start Up India, spoke about the benefits of this program.
Speaking to reporters, u Thombbor said that this visit to Mukroh village was on the grounds that the Council is the land manager and wants to verify that the Council is in charge of the land. The land is still within Meghalaya through the availability of proper documents.
These complaints are related to the land dispute between the Dkhars and Khasi.
According to information, most of these students have gone abroad to Kerala, Bangalore and other places in private schools, whose condition is not exact but only to syrnod without faithful teaching.
He is the youngest son of Klemen Iawphniaw, a contractor, among eight brothers.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: The demand of the VPP to improve the Reservation Policy has gained support, after the church leaders in Ri Khasi Jaintia said that the Reservation Policy which has been in force for more than 50 years should be renewed. .
Yes, because a woman can shape the family and expand the world.
The PUC in its inspection found that the factory has been able to manufacture and produce dewbilat and so far, there are only minor problems.
The reason for this is because they don't have a long-term vision for the nation or maybe they don't believe in the cause of the nation.
Jesus Christ himself said, 'Do not be afraid.
Jowai, Nailar 21: The CEC, Jowai on Tuesday elected its Office Bearers for the term 2023-2
Meanwhile, the Hynniewtrep Border Dispute Redressal Forum led by Chandame Sungoh together with the Secretary Village of Moojem Village N. Sten have sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner Bah B Sohliya IAS regarding this border crossing. the Caribs in Moojem.
The Congress' failure to hold the elections is due to Rahul Gandhi's refusal to take over the post of President despite the departure of many senior leaders and supporters of the party. family like Gandhi.
He said that there is no need for other laws to empower the himas if they have their own laws known as the Mylliem Act and other laws, and these laws should be recognized by the law of the Hima. the District Council and this shall be the highest authority without any restrictions on its functioning.
Kotbor also appealed to the residents of Mawthadraishan to allow Shakliar to join the National People's Party (NPP) government and to see what this government is doing. The MLA and the party are ready to withdraw their support from the government.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Hercules Suting, said that the union has received information that some foreigners working on the road from Madan Umwang to Umtlieh have tested positive for COVID-1 This is the reason why the members of the party have thrown away the Assam Police, when they came to the village.
The food items distributed to the TB patients include rice, umphniang, pylleng and other food items. During this programme, 43 TB patients are undergoing treatment.
Thousands of residents of Narpuh area attended the Public Hearing held by the District Administration at Lumshnong today to hear the views of the residents on the C&RD Block which is in the midst of dispute. between the people of Wapungskur and the people of Lumshnong.
Shillong: The UDP Parliamentary Party (UDP) has elected Titosster Well Chyne as the Leader of the Parliamentary Party (UDP).
The construction of this road includes the extension to the Intermediate lane and will be cleaned properly. The budget for the construction of this road has reached Rs.98, 26, 14,300/- (Khyndaphew phra klur). twenty-seven lakh one hundred and three hundred tyngka) in which it shall be completed in 36 months.
Immediately, her boyfriend didn't leave and followed her beloved to the top of the fireplace.
This government is exactly like they went to the market to offer bniat hati while the hati was still in the forest.
He said that after the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa, expressed his intention to resolve the border issue with Meghalaya, the KHADC held a meeting. today to collect the land title deeds, especially for the land adjacent to Assam.
The HYC leaders said that according to the rules, before setting up any factory, a Public Hearing must be called with the consent of the villagers or the Hima.
Pynskhem Dhar scored the goals for Lelad in the 31st minute and Me-e Rupon in the 53rd minute.
The Aganwadi was inaugurated by Mowkaiaw MLA Ma Nujorki Sungoh and the top water was inaugurated by Deputy Commissioner, Garod LSN Dykes.
Shillong, Lber 08: The Minister of State for Electricity, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, today said that the government is ready to install payment meters at 74 places in the state at a cost of Rs. T.32.73 lakh.
The 34th District 12 Lyngdoh Shatei Service started on the 13th July 2023 and ended on Sunday, when Rev.B.Swer was the distributor of the Word of God to thousands of people. Two members of the Presbyterian Church attended the service which was held at the Umling Pastorate.
She said this after seeing that the Minister of Revenue, James K Sangma has promised to repeal the MRG Act
He said that like the SSA teachers, the teachers have to come out to demand their salary which has not been received for months.
In the second leg, Meghalaya beat Maharashtra 1-0
Police need to be vigilant 24 hours a day as it is part of the peace and order of the people in the state,” said Bah Metbah in an interview with the media. According to him, this incident has endangered the life of the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma.
"It is the time of planting, burial, or cultivation.
He taught himself all the subjects in the beginning – Bible, Theology, Philosophy and English Literature.
If you are wrong, you are wrong.
Metbah said this during his visit to Mawkarah where he opened the UDP office in Mawkarah recently.
In this regard, I would like to clarify that I have no intention of joining any other organisation.
This Act empowers the Village Authorities to have a Local Area Development Planning Council and MDCs shall be included as members and one officer of the Council shall be the Secretary.
For example, Reliance, Aircel, Airtel, Vodafone and others.
“The number of children in the state is 51.4%.
However, there are evil deeds that require lawyers who are skilled in their work and who have been equally experienced throughout the ages.
Police conducted a thorough investigation in the presence of witnesses and confirmed that the item he had hidden in the vehicle was a drug.
The Muslims were defeated and Sylhet District fell to East Pakistan.
The General Observer for the 9th Nongpoh Assembly, K Veera Raghava Rao also inspected the polling stations in the presence of Assistant Returning Officer, Zonal Magistrate, Sector Officer and Booth Level Officers.
“I cannot understand whether the President rule is worse than the corruption of the NPP party, which led the MDA government,” he said.
Shillong, March 23: Shillong, March 23: The entire city of Shillong has been decorated with decorations. and the signs in the shops, in the houses, and in the streets.
However, as we can see now, the disease has spread to the remote areas of the city and even to the rural areas.
They expressed their anger and said that Prestone's remarks are childish and should not come out of his mouth as a leader especially the claim that small parties will be given bus stops.
“What happened at CMJ University is a shocking incident.
Lastbornshine Kharlyngdoh (100m backstroke)2.
However, Mawkyrwat SA scored the second goal through RK Wanniang in the 52nd minute and Lamare SC scored the second goal before the end of the first half. Oversharp Iawphniaw scored the first goal in the 70th minute.
On the other hand, Dr Donkupar said that the government should not punish the villagers by putting out fires but should find a way to explain to them.
Saleng expressed his surprise how these people live and work in the state.
The children who failed are from government and deficit schools, ad hoc and RMSA schools run by committees influenced by politicians.
Also present on the occasion were Bah N Khongkhlad, Secretary of the Covid-19 Team for Border Trade North East, Sirdar of Nongjri District, Bah Napoleon Siej.
This is a violation of the Right to Education Act, said the civil society.
But what is the purpose of this law, to forbid on the right, to release on the left? Therefore, what is the purpose of such a law? Those who have ordered the implementation of this Act, including Dr. Mukul Sangma himself, who demands so these days, how do you understand the MRSSA Act? Dr. Mukul on this and why he buries alive the recommendation of his own Committee 2012, which “want ILP only once?”.
The Chairperson of the Reservation Roster, Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that the committee will seek permission from the Government to extend the discussion to the committee, so that the Job Reservation Policy can be drafted as requested. “We have decided together with those who attended the meeting to send our views to the Prime Minister,” she said.
The five members of the Vigilance Committee are Debres Ramsiej, Lending Mawlong, Scotland Syiemiong, Krobar Kharbhih and Secretary Pyniar Roi Shanpru. .
In this competition, the Samla has also encouraged the public to take part in the competition after the Samla has also awarded cash prizes to the winners who have received the most kilos of plastic. The winners have collected more than 1 quintal of garbage and plastic from the river.
Meanwhile, the UDP President said that if the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) includes the acceptance of Muslims as citizens, the Congress will not oppose it.
Secretary – Pinaki Chakoraborty (Sikkim).
On the other hand, Prestone said that there is no longer any illegal smuggling of coal and he warned that those involved in illegal coal smuggling will be arrested and prosecuted according to the rules of the law.
Companies (dewbilat manufacturing for example) bad2
Houthi rebels, armed by Iran, were slowly intercepted by US troops yesterday while they were bravely shooting at ships sailing in the Red Sea.
This area is called the 'stock seedbed'
Domitian's reign was greater than that of Nero.
The Supercare hospital itself, as it is today, has modern medical equipment, along with the best doctors.
C Jana scored the goals for Nongthymmai in the 45th minute, B Mawlong in the 56th and 78th minutes while SD Khar scored for Umphyrnai SC in the 16th minute.
Work on this is ongoing and the government has already decided to set up a State University.
Ashutosh Kumar Paul, driver of truck CG-04FL-2414, lodged a complaint with the Police that on November 29, 2023 at about 3.20 pm, seven unidentified robbers attacked him. About 200 liters of diesel fuel was seized from his truck, which was parked at Bhoirymbon village, Ribhoi District.
Prof. Kma recalled that even after the committee has sent letters, held meetings and met with the media, this person (Prof Shukla) does not understand that the duty of the VC should be at the university to resolve all issues.
The office bearers who were confirmed on the occasion include Bah Jestwel Mawlong as President, Bah Shaibor Mawlong as Vice-President, Bah Plielad Syiem as General Secretary and others.
Speaking after the swearing-in ceremony, u Bah Pius hoped that his victory would end the turmoil in the KHADC which has been going on for about three months.
For the safety of all, vehicles will not be allowed to climb the hill after 12:30 pm and vehicles will be released after 3:00 pm.
The post mortem revealed no internal injuries or injuries to the body and facial injuries, as claimed by some sources.
Italy reached the semi-finals of Euro 2020 with a 2-1 win over Belgium, with both goals scored by Nicolo Barella and Lorenzo Insigne.
However, after about 20 overs, Manipur managed to take seven wickets for Meghalaya.
At the MPSC office, there were examinations for job seekers and some students came to the office, but the examination was not held and was canceled because no one came. .
Shillong, July : Small, medium and micro enterprises (MSMEs) contribute about one third of the country's income and are essential. to achieve the goal of Autonomy Bharat.
The distribution of household items to the refugees is ongoing and until now it has not been possible to get an exact count of how many households have received household items. number of homes destroyed by the storm.
Shillong: The use of the Word of God from the Bible is not restricted anywhere, but to use it only to kill or to deceive anyone is wrong.
The Antyodaya Anna Yojna (AAY) will be in the amount of 35 kgs per card at the price of T.3/- per kilo in urban and rural areas.
The traffic jam is the main reason why people have to walk between the roads because there is no longer to walk on the footpaths which are crowded with the vendors from Motphran to UmSohsun Road and also Khyndai Road.
The traffic jam started at 9 pm and continued till evening.
I want to stand up and let the people decide.
Sometimes, there is a misunderstanding in our way of thinking that only those who own cars, only those who own houses and only those who are rich enjoy happiness.
They seized drugs worth tens of lakhs of rupees.
The protest against the Cherry Blossom in Meghalaya shows that the religious leaders have taken and politicized religion.
Up to 90% of school leavers in leading Asian cities suffer from myopia.
The scheme is run through mobile phones, which can be used to withdraw and pay money.
The new cases include 641 from Kamrup Metro District, 170 from Dibrugarh, 140 from Jorhat and 106 from Lakhimpur.
Speech was also delivered by Badariti Lyngdoh Nonglait, MDC candidate of the party who introduced herself to the people and said that since she was young she had the spirit to She said that she is also a secret worker of the party and in the process the time has come for Maieid Hoping to close his eyes and not work. She didn't think that the closing of her husband's eyes had opened her eyes.
(ii) the Land Ceiling Act (iii) the Land Ceiling Act to enforce and regulate the rent of shops or residential buildings (Rent Control Act) that it shall not burden the poor, nor shall it kill the owners of the house.
This is the name of the beast.
Shillong, Nailar 27: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Saturday launched a campaign to fight against pollution and keep villages clean. It has distributed 19 garbage trucks to 19 Dorbar Shnongs elected from 19 constituencies.
The arrested persons and the seized items were handed over to the Dangar Police Outpost for further investigation.
“We cannot think of setting up the Expert Committee if we don't know these issues that they will discuss when they meet as members of the Committee,” said Dr Ampareen.
It is good that this company has female drivers as well.
The Chairperson and Members of the Committee shall include experts in Constitutional Law, Economics, Sociology, Demographic Studies, and other fields to be announced by the State Government.
Hrithik hopes to start his film career soon in the near future, said the statement by the Bollywood star.
Those who are eligible for this award are those who have scored 80% in HSSLC & SSLC and those who have graduated 65%.
There has been good news for the scalps and that is, that American scientists have developed a drug to produce shniuh put those syllen heads.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Macdalyne S Mawlong expressed her gratitude to all the women who have a great responsibility from home to women. bar to meet the needs of the community.
The demand for a new employment and education quota is useless because we have seen clearly since the beginning of Meghalaya that the Garo have not been able to fill even 20% of their 40% quota but They are not allowed to fill or install the children of Hynniewtrep in places where they cannot fill.
Nongkynrih is now 51 years old.
On the other hand, Bah L.Lyngdoh, Minister of Mawten Village, said that the visit of Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar was at the request of the village. The village together with the Tourism Committee.
The Indian Army today said it has counted all the troops involved in the fighting in the Galwan area of ​​Ladakh and said that no soldier has been killed. lost in this battle.
On Friday, Laitkor SC and PFR Football Academy qualified for the semi final of Group-A. They have not yet decided on the semi-finals.
Speaking on the occasion, Sangma said that although the state is blessed with natural resources, it is difficult to provide water.
There are two types of shatri for women at their own price.
But one of the Taliban officials said, "We don't need these weapons, we trust in Allah.
Now the meetings of thinkers and artists have become mere meetings of talk and speech.
“This is why we need the cross and the Savior who was crucified for us because we are sinners and we need a Savior to redeem us,” he said.
Dr S Shrivastav, Assistant Director, Sports, Government of Madhya Pradesh, including NRAI officials and MP Rifles Association officials welcomed Bah John at Bhopal Airport.
On this occasion, 11 students of the village who have passed well in various examinations were also honored and there was also a special honor for one student who has passed well even though he is a student. disability.
She said that the SMB has various schemes for these groups or SHG members to start any small business at a small cost.
About Nabon: Nabon belongs to the Sawian clan of Mawmluh Village.
“This (Iadaw Masi Rong) has been held since the time of our ancestors after the completion of the planting and burial and in the hope of getting good rice and sufficient income for all the people. side'.
After the meeting with the Chief Minister, the UDP Party Spokesperson and former Chief Secretary Bindo M Lanong said that they have expressed to the state government the need to look into the matter. before the introduction of the railway line because this is not easy for the people of the state to accept.
“In fact, I don't have time to gather people as a leader, but this gathering of mine is because of the preparation of other elders who have spoken around the places and have entered people's homes to “I have been accused by Ardent Basaiawmoit,” said Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit.
According to him, this is necessary due to the results of the 2023 MLA elections in which the AITC won only five seats out of the 60-member House.
Let these parties, like the Congress, VPP, TMC unite to oppose any excessive action of this Government in any area.
The police department on that day, released the photograph along with the news which shocked the residents of the country after seeing the quickness of the police to surrender for the sake of the security. -peace and order and to prevent the threat to the public in any incident where the police have to come forward for the sake of the safety of the community.
Gradually, some of them agreed with the views of the opposition but when the motion was raised, many of them applauded.
The NECDC comprises Meghalaya, Nagaland, Manipur, Sikkim and Mizoram which was established in 2016 to ensure unity as the North Eastern states to strengthen and become full members by participating in the Ranji. Trophy and other tournaments organized by the BCCI, besides games and to improve the stadiums.
I would also like to thank the office bearers of Mawlangwir for organizing this tournament.
Shillong: "There is no such thing," said Ma Shibun Lyngdoh, President of the BJP Meghalaya, when asked whether it is true that the BJP leaders want Bah AL Hek to become the leader of the party. Shillong Lok Sabha Constituency MP election.
On the same day, the Meghalaya Day Awards were also distributed, where Bah Benedict Skhemlang Hynniewta received the Tirot Singh Award for Arts and Literature. the Pa Togan Sangma Award for Public Service, Ma Halen Nongtdu for Sports, or the Kiang Nangbah Award.
Rising Mukhla, Pasyih CSC and Nonglatem won the 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Saturday.
The EC of the Laitlyngkot Elaka Dorbar has decided to send a notice that all the works in the area will be looked into by the Executive Committee of the Laitlyngkot Elaka Dorbar. The Dorbar Dong, the key to the Dorbar Dong, has not yet returned the documents but has sent a complaint to the KHADC. On the other hand, Bah Shabong said that he is not against the development and the opposition may come from other residents.
This has caused those who earn their living through electricity to lose their bills and even to provide food for their families.
Those who are eligible for this award must provide information in accordance with the rules of the scheme and will be given an Informant code to identify the person.
Many of those who have been enslaved and enslaved are now in the search for employment.
It depends on your training and leadership).
There is talk that Bilat is at great risk of invasion by snakes, especially large snakes, because new species of snakes have emerged, which are slightly larger and taller. that's your tdong.
So far, 34 cases have been confirmed in the state, 20 cases are active cases, 13 cases have recovered and one case has been recovered. dead from Covid-1
The body of Iohbianghun Sahkhar was found in Umbir Forest, Ribhoi District, at 5:30 pm today.
Therefore, we are looking for RTI to find out the truth and if you don't have it, we will investigate everything”.
Manchester United striker Paul Pogba scores after scoring.
I conclude with the slogan: “Long live the country of Hynniew Trep, the Khasi language should be strong and strong”.
At present there are 94 boats and the Society runs a routine for all to participate and on weekends the boatmen earn not less than 300 tyngka per day, said Bnai.
Five minutes later, Fedilia Lamare scored the second goal for the victory.
After the two identified themselves as journalists, Balen threatened and urged the other truck drivers to shoot them.
Secondly, whether the leaders of the new government will restore the rights of District Councils in the state.
Therefore, SBUK urges the college students to take part in this skit biria competition, which is a great opportunity for them to showcase their talents.
Shillong: The State Government on Friday refused to accept the demand of the Opposition to pass a resolution against the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) on the grounds that the Central Government will not introduce the Uniform Civil Code (UCC). the Bill on this matter.
Regarding the resolution and the good pass of the students, S.Sangleiñ Vice Principal expressed her gratitude to the hard work of the students to prepare their papers, despite the impact of the lockdown. dam where schools could no longer be held properly, but for all the children the teachers have worked hard by conducting online classes.
In fact, the Prime Minister had assured the political parties earlier that he would meet again soon after the Budget Session.
Furthermore, in order to win a third title in the absence of Rafael Nadal and Carlos Alcaraz, Djokovic will have to prepare himself better for the next match. Lorenzo Musetti and Luca Nardi from Italy will qualify for the quarter-finals.
When the owner called Biswa, he told him that he was in Guwahati.
The damage in Assam was caused by the earthquake, which did not strike only once, but continued to shake up to 10 times after the quake.
Nongpoh: The National People for Animal and the Go Gyan Foundation on Saturday night seized 10 trucks carrying cattle, which were intended to be smuggled to Meghalaya through the Go Gyan Foundation. The market is located in Baridua, Ri Bhoi District.
He said the Law Commission has sought the opinions of many parties regarding the implementation of the UCC and has received many opinions regarding the bill which aims to make a single law. in India in terms of culture.
Former Khliehriat MLA Justine Dkhar, who supported the public hearing, said, “Bijen Rupsi is the owner of Umlong. Therefore, you have to think carefully before taking any decision.
When asked about the steps they will take if the BJP does not give ticket to Bah Michael but chooses to give ticket to Bah MH Kharkrang, both of them said that they will take a decision. from the supporters of whatever time they want.
Shillong, June 15: The purpose of the election campaign, the election campaign in the villages, townships and areas, is to explain and communicate the Manifesto of the party to the people. The principles on which the candidate and the party stand to communicate to the public, in accordance with the rules of the Election Commission empowered by the Constitution of India.
The union has threatened this because the company has not taken into account the seven wheeler trucks to transport dewbilat or other goods that should be transported and unloaded in the state.
She said that besides this issue, there are other issues that the department in charge of should work with the KHADC such as Wahumkhrah which is an issue initiated by the KHADC. Speaking on the Building Bye Law, she said that it is working in the state. In this regard, Ampareen said that it is necessary for the department to implement the Building Bye Law. work with the KHADC as the land which no longer falls under the Municipal is the land under the jurisdiction of the KHADC, which should give permission to those who intend to build roadside houses.
I am pleased to say that if the government ignores them, let the government understand what will happen in the future.
“He also spoke to dispel the doubts and fears of the people that there has been a confiscation of their land in the midst of the receipt of this money distributed by the government. The land is their right and the government is only helping and working to protect the forests.
Shillong, July 18: Rangbah Shnong including the Sordar of Laitkroh Ela, Bah Paila Kharkongor, today met with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynshngainlang N Syiem to express their disagreement. to destroy the Lighthouse.
Before publishing this news, it was necessary to consult with some of the elders of the area and the students who are more intelligent, otherwise it will be a danger to anyone who insults them.
She also gave training on how to make fertilizer for 18 days by the farmers in their villages and farms to help them get their own fertilizer and reduce the cost of buying fertilizer.
The Government has conducted training during the hot season on how to avoid fires.
At present, no one is able and no one is willing, even the government is not willing to do what is necessary.
Mukesh K. Ambani is one of the sons of Krorpati.
She stood there and Kong Mer, who was sitting in the neighboring shop, called out.
And I told her this.
"The Punjab government will take up the matter with the BCCI," Hayer said.
Regarding the relocation of the COVID-19 Entry Checkpoint, the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, RM Kurbah, said that the presence of the Check Point at the Entry Checkpoint has increased the number of cases. The entry of foreigners, as it is located in a suitable location and also within the state of Meghalaya.
“Today's era is no longer the era of physical strength, but the era of mental strength,” said Bah Bright.
I think we will get it after the VAB of JHADC has been received,” said Dr Kharshiing.
In order to avoid conflict with Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum, we should not misuse social media by making unfounded accusations.
Therefore, if the road is clean or good enough that even the vehicle does not break down or break down for a while, the cost of driving is less.
At the same time, Babu Rinaldus Dkhar urged the Deputy Commissioner to set up more such laboratories in schools in the rural areas so that it can help the students studying Science.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The Executive Committee (EC) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has urged the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) not to ban vehicles from unloading goods at the jhur market.
These leaders of the two parties who came to work together with the aim of winning the upcoming MLA elections were welcomed by former MLA Bah HDR Lyngdoh who is also a candidate. Many of these leaders said that the reason why they joined the UDP was after their MLA, Bah Samlin Malngiang left the HSPDP to join the party. to the NPP recently.
On the same day, three illegal coal miners from Seningkhri area under Shallang PS were arrested while they were mining fresh coal.
In an attempt to check the protein content, many people lack knowledge about the protein content of vegetables.
“Greetings to those who love us and those who love music in this beautiful country”.
The Load Shedding is in force from 9:00 PM to 12:00 AM in our areas and MeCEL has taken advantage of it by turning off the light for many hours a day. If not, we will not hesitate to close down the Sub Station at Lumshnong immediately so that it will be a shame to the Department MeCEL. and to the government as a whole.
“The water is gone.
Golden Nonglong is one of the Congress leaders who has strongly supported the protest against the Reservation Policy, which was launched by the Voice of the People Party.
Police immediately rushed to Mairang to seize the gold sati and the suspect was immediately arrested and brought to court.
In India, Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar said the death toll had risen to 58, while more than 100 Bihar residents living in Nepal had been evacuated to their homes.
What can be seen is that this time has really demanded things that are more or extra, that it is such that parents need to think carefully about their families so that they can to build the future of our children in this society.
About 561 to 610 households have been affected by the landslide, said Sushil Kumar, Commissioner of Garhwal.
Kyrdem Sport Club and Mawkhanu Sport were the two teams that competed for the title on the opening day of the tournament. In the second half, Mawkhanu won the tie breaker 4-2 after the first half and the second half ended with a 1-0 draw. he col.
The President of Mizoram BJP-Vanlalhmuaka also distributed cash donations to the families of these three villages.
Bah Renikton hopes that in the next dorbar, this issue will be discussed and if possible, the government will resolve this issue which is problematic in many ways. when implementing the reservation policy and the roaster system.
“If we cannot improve the services of the Government, we will never see the development of the State.
Shillong: The state government has decided to continue the curfew in East Khasi Hills district until 5 pm on 17th June
The members of the Executive Dorbar include the President and Secretary of all the Raijs in the Elaka (Jowai, Ialong, Tuber, Chyrmang, Pamtadong and Padu Raijs).
A day before the final, Eskial S Mon, Joint Secretary and Jerry A Sutnga Assistant Coach, had the opportunity to talk to the coaches of these two clubs. Mawlai SC under the leadership of Bah Hering Shangpliang has been shocked by the news that has shocked the fans after the loss of Eskial. and Jerry revealed that there are three of the best players in the team who are in doubt about being able to be in the First XI due to injury.
All that remains is for the Rangbah Shnongs to wait for the decision of the Court to hand over their powers within the boundaries of their jurisdiction in Jaintia Hills.
On the occasion, Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, Bah B.Kharkongor, Asst Director of Agriculture (PP, Ri Bhoi) were present on the occasion. EM Suciang, District Agriculture Officer, Dr. R. Nongrum, Block Development Officer C&RD Block Umling and many others.
It is only the NPP and it is only this Government that has taken the initiative in the last 50 years to find a way to resolve the border dispute.
To travel by train or plane, buy cinema tickets, hotel stays, policy insurance, invest in mutual funds of private companies and others.
In this incident, the road has fallen into the river and this has severely affected the residents especially those who live in Dong Pahar Umkiang, in the coming and going especially in terms of transportation or illness.
He said that the dissolution of the seven Block Congress is the wisdom and understanding of MPCC President Bah DD Lapang who has been in politics for more than 50 years.
In the second half, Vinicius Jr scored the second goal for Real Madrid in the 76th minute. .
Shillong: The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Chairman and Chief Minister of West Bengal, Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday said that in the last five years of the rule of the country, The MDA government under the leadership of the NPP and BJP has not had any development but only the disgrace and defacement of this government has been seen in Meghalaya through the terrible corruption in the departments. government administration.
Today, three residents of Panaliar village have donated to the ASHA workers in charge of Panaliar village.
Marak, EAC, Sub-Inspector, S.K.Nair, 2nd Bn.
Shillong, Lber 9: In a statement released today, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) has alleged that the police have arrested only the poor, the rich and the weak and forcibly charged them under the IPC. and UAPA but they are not willing to arrest the leaders and politicians whose work has been exposed.
Shillong, Nailar 3: The Achik National Volunteer Council (ANVC-B) has rejected Dr Mukul Sangma's remarks on his resignation from the ISI Pakistan.
Nine soap boxes containing 110.2 grams of heroin, 100 empty containers, five injection needles and a mobile phone were seized from the house. phone.
Even if we cannot know and prove our ancestry which has passed through thousands and tens of thousands of years, we cannot say that even if we do not know A and B, the story of our ancestors has passed from one generation to another. That Holy Age and their advice to their descendants to earn the righteousness and to keep their Juban is still in the hearts of some to this day but it is just a word without action. .
Shillong, Nailur 24: SCA-B will face Ri-Bhoi DCA from Zone 1 of Group A. Shillong, Nailur 24: The matches of the SSA U- 20 4th Division Football League 2023 was held at the 3rd Ground MFA on Tuesday between Umrynjah SC and Mawlynrei SC. to 3 columns.
“The decision of the Assembly at that time, shook the whole of Ri Khasi Jaintia and there was a heavy rioting in the Police Bazaar, and the people threw stones at them. Assam police at that time, near the old Assembly, which was covered with police,” said Pastor Kharkrang. Tomlin Lamare, who was leading Assam at the time, was shot dead in the protest, he said.
Regarding the EC's failure to do this, Shylla said, “It is the EC's failure, you have been nominated for the District Council but I won again because the There is a law that stipulates that the term of office of an MDC is 5 years, there is no other law greater than that,” he said. The forest cannot be taken from man, it is only from our CEM”.
The resort has been beautifully designed and built with strong and high tourist attractions. You can also see the surrounding hills and valleys that flow from the river.
This is what has made us think and I want to make it clear to our Khasi girls that they should not be those Khasi girls to wear the jaiñkyrshah because the Khasi jaiñkyrshah is a jaiñkyrshah of dignity. kakor and is one of the richness of culture in dress and grooming.
Without the future we are lost.
Boldness said that this will help the children of those who live nearby.
Rotary Club Jowai has donated T.50,000 to the Chief Minister's Relief Fund for COVID-1
Shillong, July 8: The Khasi Jaintia Butcher's Welfare Association (KJBWA) has decided to start a beef sale across the Khasi and Jaintia Hills from tomorrow. They have decided to protest without limits and without setting a time limit for ending the ban on beef in the state.
Why is our State so far behind? We have reached this point because until now we have trusted and believed that development works can only come from the hands of MLAs, MDCs, political parties, civil society organizations and only to their people and government officials who take advantage of this situation and delay the development and benefit projects that should reach the people.
Earlier, 112 people died on 19 June 2021, the highest number of deaths in Bangladesh.
Dulong, Lutituber Ialong and Mulang Ialong won the Under-17 Independence Day Cup organized by the WJDSA at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Friday.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has said that the state government led by the National People's Party (NPP) has worked hard to ensure that the people of Meghalaya live in peace and harmony.
The event will be held from 1 pm to 5 pm on Saturday 13th June 2023 and there will also be a prize giving ceremony,” said Aiborlang Marshillong.
The song was sung by Faith Nongrum and Badaribha Nongshli, composed by Kyrmen Umbah (Umdohkha), while the music was composed by Dezanz Ronhaluz. Mixed & Mastered by Dezanz Ronhaluz.
The report said that the youth was on his way from Ladrymbai to return home at about 3:00 pm.
So we sat down for a while.
Sometimes it is surprising to know that people who are willing and unwilling to take property, money and money that do not belong to them.
On the other hand, Dr War said that there is only one case of Covid-19 (Omicron) in Laitumkhrah in the state. Delhi.
To be wise to build our country and nation and not to be destroyers.
Shillong, June 29: The State Government has sent a letter to the University Grant Commission (UGC) requesting to exempt Meghalaya from the implementation of the Central University Entrance Test (TEST) for the year
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 7: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Lai Lyngdoh Circle on Saturday visited Mynni Mawbri village, West Khasi Hills District to help the house of Kyntiewfully Kharbani who collapsed on the 3rd of this month. At about 11:30 pm, a prayer and a short meeting was held to console the family of the victims.
Any clubs who wish to participate in the inter club transfer must sign in the presence of the Hon. General Secretary and the fee is T.200 per player.
This led to the establishment of the Seng Khih-lang, as well as the establishment of branches of the Seng Khasi in the Khasi Hills and the Sein Raj in the Jaintia Hills to prevent any misguidance. the faith in other kinds of faith.
UDP General Secretary Jemino Mawthoh said the party at its meeting today discussed to find out the reason and there were many reasons for the defeat.
Ma MB Rymbai, CEM, JHADC said that many people have criticized him for not being able to bring benefits or schemes to the villages in his constituency, but he has shown by his work and fulfilled the promises made by him. within 10 months of holding the post of CEM in front of the people of Sohmynting.
Speaking after the meeting, the Minister said that it is necessary to have full responsibility to fight against insurgency in the state.
Shillong Lajong goalkeeper Bansanbha had the best chance for Mawkhar in the 85th minute.
“We will have a meeting on the 23rd of this month with the supporters to decide,” said Teibor.
Dr A.War said that he had deployed troops to Lyngkhat, Pynursla, but all the troops he had deployed were negative. He may have been infected with Covid-19 because he had traveled to Guwahati.
Police also congratulated the village and the family members who arrested the robber after the incident.
On the first occasion, he left the village, but the next day, when he returned, he was shot dead and these people also took away his body.
Speaking to reporters, Lasmanroy Pariong, General Secretary of HYC Rambrai Circle, said that this is a disgrace to the village and the area as a whole. Up to 7 roads through this scheme will connect from one village to another and if it can be done properly according to the allocation of funds it will be a great blessing to the people of the area.
Three robbers including I Love You Talang, Lodestar Tang, Marsanki Tariang and Shidor Dkhar were shot dead by the mob on the 11th of this month. Nailurha is a forest on the border of Muthlong and Shangpung villages.
He added that he has proposed to the Government to introduce textbooks in schools to teach climate change curriculum due to the rapid change of the world to introduce climate change curriculum. that development that does not affect the environment and from now on the methods that can be supported will be the methods that have to be steps.
“We also thank the doctors and nurses who have given their services to look after the health of the President of the party,” said Dr Batskhem.
We think that if we can establish the Khasi States as they are, it will help and make it easier to get our own State.
The welcoming ceremony was conducted by JSM Publicity Secretary Skhembhalang Dkhar and the pledge was taken by JSM President Ma Leningstar Rymbai.
About 40 Rangbah Shnongs attended the meeting.
“In the UDP, there are many committees that discuss many issues.
The SCOCCMDF has called for a curfew as a sign of protest against the ban on coal mining in the state, which the NGT has said affects the environment and pollutes the water supply. hang.
The suspect is still at large and the police have not arrested him.
Have you not changed your mind?
The Seng Samla has also lodged a complaint against them at Laitumkhrah Police Station.
Then there were the friends and relatives who stood by to encourage and support.
According to the Shillong Civil Hospital, Champion sustained serious injuries not only to his head and ears but also to his left arm.
The quarter bout will start at 3 pm, the semifinal bout on the 5th at 5:30 pm and the final bout on the 6th at 5:30 pm. .
There was a time when I felt sorry for myself.
He said he wanted to clarify that the council itself is the rule of law, and there has never been a constitution in the 6Schedule to write that only one party can rule in the District Council.
Kevin Rymbai scored the first goal for Dulong in the 10th minute. Dulong beat Sohmynting 1-0
Meanwhile, in the final match of the U-17 boys' football match between Kerlin Secondary School and Rangthong Christian Higher Secondary School, the score was 2-0
There will be no entrance fee for the friendly football match but donation boxes will be placed at each gate of the stadium for the spectators to donate according to their wishes.
This also includes ensuring that all the households in the village, along with the school, panchayat house and anganwadi center have their own toilets and at least 80% of the households in the village can arrange for sanitation and significantly reduce the spread of garbage and flooding in various areas.
“With the aim of preventing and controlling these illegal activities, all illegal collection of money from shops and other establishments has been banned and the law will take strict action against anyone found involved in these illegal activities. “These are illegal activities,” said District Magistrate RM Kurbah in an order.
The 149 include NGO leaders, journalists and two Bangladeshi ministers.
In this regard, the Minister of Transport, Bah Dasakhiat Lamare, said that the department will soon take up the matter with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma. , to discuss the reintroduction of odd-even rule in Shillong to temporarily resolve this issue.
This is according to a government statement issued today.
In the readiness of the people to buy their necessities, many exploiters have increased the price of food items and taken advantage to make money from the poor people.
Besides, like in Umiam, Nehru Park, if there is a collaboration between the Ministry of Power and the Ministry of Tourism, the park can be built more beautifully by installing various lights. to the visitors.
The book of Esther was read during the Jewish festival of Purim and was celebrated between June and April.
Other candidates who won the election were Wenison Ch Marak (GNC) who received 2772 votes from Rongrikimre constituency, Ismael R Marak (INC) who received 2995 votes from Asanang constituency. u Jimbirth Marak (GNC)-2923 and Amon for the constituency.
The chief guest at this event, Bah FR Kharkongor, announced the literature that was written from the mind and heart of the poet Soso Tham in those years when the society was still in the throes of during the rule of the Foreign Government and at the beginning of the development of Khasi literature.
This protest has caused a stir among many students as the Bengali students have increasingly gathered together with byrngem byrsit and alleged that they have been insulted by other students from other ethnic groups. and states within the university.
Shu threw money up and down.
Praising the NPP-led government of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA), the HNLC leader said, “The present government has shown by its actions that it is committed to peace talks with the people of Myanmar. Establish.
“We don't know why the change but before the change, Bah Pala should have talked to Charles Pyngrope and the MLAs but due to lack of attention, this is happening now,” said Bah Dkhar.
The special focus of this program is to educate people on the importance of healthy eating and the importance of healthy eating habits.
It is learned that during these 20 minutes, 200 kilograms of stone and 50 grams of houses were destroyed.
My church is located in Nangbah, West Jaintia Hills District.
In the toss, the United XI won the toss and elected to bat first, scoring 193 runs after falling. No 5 wickets in 40 overs.
“This is a very unpleasant task for me, my supporters and the Karyakartas,” said Bah JA. Congratulations to Bah Shibun Lyngdoh, former President of the BJP for his confidence and vision.
On 5th July, 2013, the Public Works Department (PWD) of the State has approved the construction of the M/s Asian Housing and Infrastructure Pvt.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 191 cases including 5 cases from Armed Forces, 66 cases from High Risk Contacts, 2 cases from ILI, 1 case from SARI, 1 case from abroad, 1 case from outside, 9 cases from Jail. Road cluster, one from Jhalupara cluster, 15 from Laban cluster, one from Lumpyngad cluster, one from Madanryting custer, one from Mawlai Nongpdeng cluster, 75 from Mawlai Phudmuri cluster, one from Mawprem cluster, one from Oakland, Nongmyni cluster Two cases from Khyndailad Cluster, five cases from Pynthorbah Cluster, one case from Umlyngka Cluster and one case from Umsohsun Cluster.
The Shillong Parliamentary Seat was also led by a Congress MP.
The Deputy Commissioner said that the program at Khyndai Lad will start with the dress code of the school children.
When police investigated, they found that only three persons were missing.
West Khasi Hills came in second or fourth place, winning four winners and four runners-up.
Of all the types of jewelry, jewelry made of gold and silver is the most widely used.
The demand for special status for this region is to get special assistance from the central government which is lagging behind,” Sarkar said.
In the first round of ticket sales from 5th to 16th July, 520,532 tickets have been sold, FIFA announced, with the total price of tickets sold at million.
On the other hand, the Forest Officers have agreed to give time to all groups including the public, private sector, District Council, to submit their comments in writing.
The tournament started in the 1961-62 season and at that time there were only three zones and the NE Zone started in the 2019-20 season.
Shillong, March 30: Speaking in the House today, the MDC of Sohra, Bah Titos Chyne, expressed his deep sorrow over the allegations and statements made by the District Council and the Rangbah, who have been involved in the incident. This was announced by the Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma.
The coming of the Gospel and the beginning of the Presbyterian Church in the country follow closely the history of the merchant class, the British East India Company and the rule of the French.
In a meeting with the Chief Secretary, Bah PBO Warjri, it was suggested that the ADCs should also be consulted on the drafting of the policy.
With the advent of this new era, there has been a lot of complaints and complaints from the elderly about their selfishness and self-indulgence but they can't do anything because it is an era of change that has been thrown too far into the world. comfort to mankind.
It is learned that the UDP MDCs have discussed in the past few days to elect their new District Council (PP Leader) but Teinwell has been appointed. Dkhar MDC of Shella as their leader.
This shows that our women are stronger than the Khasi men.
He paid tribute to the former Chief Minister Bah Rowell Lyngdoh (bam kwa ha duwai U Blei) who saw far ahead the need for such a health center for the benefit of the people of this area.
Eldie said that there are many prominent institutions in India and the question arises “Is the establishment of this society and IIPH based on the inability of of the Institute”.
There were about 25 passengers in the bus, one 2 month old girl died recently, while 23 others were injured and taken to CHC Mawkyrwat. The injured were taken to Nazareth Hospital, Shillong.
After the arrest, they were taken to Lower Lumpee Border Out Post and detained for a while and today they were taken to Guwahati.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will set up an office to facilitate Khasi health workers to register themselves.
All those who attended the meeting are requested to prepare their own placards.
The shooting near Damascus came hours after President Assad captured the western city of Hatitat al-Turkomen, which is also the main gateway to the city. Damascus International Airport.
At present, the HNLC is an illegal party,” Marak said.
Speaking on the issues, First June said, “On the hostel industry, we demand improvements in the provision of good food, wifi and other facilities for the safety and comfort of all the residents. hostel”.
The Meghalaya Local Administration Ordinance, 2015 was signed by the Governor of Meghalaya on 29th June after the Government decided to empower but there was opposition to this ordinance.
Meghalaya, which has two seats including Shillong and Tura in Phase-I, will vote jointly with the states of Arunachal Pradesh, Andaman and Nicobar Islands, Chandigarh, DDN&H, Delhi. , Goa, Gujarat, Himachal Pradesh, Haryana, Kerala, Lakshadweep, Ladakh, Mizoram, Meghalaya, Nagaland, Puducherry, Sikkim, Tamil Nadu, Punjab, Telangana, Uttarakhand, Karnataka, Rajasthan, Tripura, Manipur, Chhattisgarh, Madhyagarh, Assam Pradesh, Jharkhand, Maharashtra, Jammu & Kashmir, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar & West Bengal.
In another incident, BSF personnel on the border in Lum Garo have arrested two persons smuggling fish and seized 190 kilos of live fish from them. the police.
Donboklang scored another goal for Rangdajied to give the team a 2-1 lead.
Marweiñ said that this year he has investigated again and suspects that the death of the fish in the two ksing, may be due to the effects of the drug that people use. Use of the pesticide to kill weeds, plants and plants by spraying during the hot sun and the effectiveness of this pesticide is that after spraying the weeds, weeds, plants and plants only after three days. the days have passed away.
The reason is that there are players who are good at shooting from the right and left and this has upset the government and sometimes it has reached the point of stirring up controversy.
The judge cannot hold hearings in Hindi but must speak English when he appears in the Supreme Court, said Ranjan Gogoi, Chief Justice of India.
At the end of the Silver Jubilee celebration, a procession of the Holy Eucharist was held with the participation of the faithful from all the Parishes of Shillong in the presence of Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh who blessed the after the celebration of the Blessed Sacrament of the Altar.
Tourism is a good market here in our state, but we still need to improve to attract tourists without affecting the nature of our culture and nature. our.
After drinking, she went to Lanosha's house.
MSKA President Lorenzo P Warjri, Sam Lyngdoh of Team Revolution and the players of MSKA held a welcome ceremony at the Hotel Assembly. to congratulate and encourage them to continue to work hard to improve themselves in this sport.
Indeed, wealth is very important when contesting MDC, MLA or MP elections.
It is a sad thing for our country and nation; We became Indians through the merger of the Federation of Khasi States with the Indian Dominion on December 15, 1947 through the Instrument of Accession (IOA) and the Annexed Agreement (AA).
During the programme, the DMC East Jaintia Hills District office organized a competition for making tools, training materials (TLM), drawing competition, painting, including drawing and painting. wall painting, traditional dance competition and others. There was also a short story explanation about the G2
Hearing this, the reporter was able to talk to the people who came out of the restaurants to ask for their opinion on the price of food and drink.
The boy was taken to a hospital in Ohio after he suffered symptoms of physical illness after eating more than 40 chewing gums the previous day.
The message is “How much money do you have, or how much money do you have on the line (all of these are available).
sound system is installed.
It is to be recalled that the college has never received any assistance from the government, the leaders or any group.
At this meeting, they also decided to talk to the government to increase the fare and regarding the payment, the government should pay after the release of the vehicle.
LIBERTY does not allow any amendment to the Muslim religion.
In the second half, both the teams fought hard to score and take the lead but the opposition of both the teams did not succeed. Until the end of the 90 minutes, no goal was scored, so the referees decided to send the match for another 10 minutes in extra time.
The EJNC on the 13th of this month launched its working methods by setting up the Jalaphet Unit.
He expressed his surprise that there are children whose parents are religious, but they are addicted to drugs.
There are 84 villages within a distance of 0-10 km including Borhill, Umniuh and Dewsaw.
When asked, the General Secretary of the KSU said, “There is no peace, sometimes it comes, sometimes it goes.
“The MLAs will also have to wait for the decision of the top leaders whether to leave or remain in the government,” he added.
Dr. Vijay Kumar congratulated all those involved in the success of the Games for their hard work in the past few months.
“The party should find a new president and I have nothing to do with that.
He said that after the death of Dr. Roy, no further investigation has been conducted into the matter.
He said the decision of the Mazdoor Union to stop the strike to stop importing fuel to Meghalaya, came after the people expressed their grievances and made it clear that if they stop importing fuel to Meghalaya, This has caused a great deal of trouble to the people of Meghalaya.
These two men, as mentioned above, have started to do the same thing and avoid many churches during the breaks, lunchtimes or nights and mornings.
When asked whether the UDP will support the NPP, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that the issue has not been discussed within the party.
Special allocation and Special Education Zones for disadvantaged groups; xi.
Sunday's blast was the second incident near the foreign ministry headquarters in Kabul, Afghanistan, with the first incident occurring in Friday of last week in the midst of the Muslim community’s fast.
Before the end of the innings, Charm Marbaniang scored another 20 runs before the umpire ended the innings.
He said that besides the confirmation, the Commission will also look into the issue of salary increase of teachers.
Air Marshal SP Dharkar has urged the Air Force to make good use of its resources. “Touch the Sky with Glory” and to work to lift the IAF and the country to new heights.
He said that it is for this reason that drug trafficking groups have been involved in bringing about these violence and bloodshed in the state.
At the same time, he also announced the measures taken by the BSF to promote various sports activities.
Shillong, Nailur 8: While Mawlai MLA Bah Embhahlang Syiemlieh has demanded that the government should improve the garbage dump in Marten to avoid the spill of garbage into the road, On the other hand, Bah Process T Sawkmie demanded that the government should move the garbage dump from Mawlai.
Kenny Paul Sungoh said that his mother had arranged to bring Hammut-i to Phramer from Phramer, but the two did not meet.
NEHU has issued a notice to implement the NEP 2020 from 1st July 2023 which has led to opposition from the MCTA but many colleges have proceeded to implement the new policy on you read.
Advocate Ma LS Ymbon from the District Legal Service Authority West Jaintia Hills explained about the laws that protect people with disabilities.
“You don’t have to fight with these because we didn’t decide to get involved in these.
After the ceremony, a short speech was delivered by Babu Liewrose Lyngdon, Babu M.Mohrmen, SDSEO West Khasi Hills and finally by Bah Methodius Dkhar MLA Mawshynrut. He said that teachers are the second parents for their children and they are also the pioneers of the future of the children because without teachers there will be no person who can learn. Therefore, there will be no officers, doctors and others.
As far as we know, he is the only Khasi soldier who fought twice, in the First World War 1914-1918, and in the Second World War 1939-1
Also present on the occasion were the President of the Kur Sookpoh Khad-Ar, Ma Puramon Kynjing, General Secretary of the Kur, Marryngkat Syngkon, Chairman WWO and others.
Most of these insurgent groups operating in the state are insurgent groups operating in Garo Hills and at present there is a lack of peace and order in Garo Hills due to the involvement of many insurgent groups especially the GNLA. The ANVC and ANVC B are still in the middle of a social agreement with the government. The GNLA, which was formed a few years ago under the leadership of a retired police chief, has done many things. Many of them are in Garo Hills.
The program was held at the Dorbar Hall of Thadnongïaw Village, where the villagers from different villages in the area came to take part. to listen to the training sessions to explain the objectives of Vikasit Bharat.
As we have seen in this photo which has spread widely on social media, Bahuba is a big supporter of the party. In the recent election, I had the opportunity to take a picture with the President of the Seng.
The poet thinks that all plants such as trees cannot grow and survive without water (rain), heat and light (sun) or carbon dioxide or oxygen.
The Government has also taken action in the case of the youth.
The JAC has held this rally at Mynsngat because these people are also from the area, except for Ramesh Dkhar from Tongseng.
On the 17th, they decided to stand and march to the Secretariat of MeECL in Lumjingshai. Angelina Hynniewta General Secretary of MeECL said that they have stopped their strike in these days because of the There was a puja and now the puja is over and they started the protest again during lunchtime in front of the Power House office opposite the secretariat.
Agartala, Naitung 3: Bangladesh will expand its relations with India by bringing it closer to the North East by promoting trade and people-to-people relations with eight states in the region. northeast, of which four are the immediate borders.
It is said that there was a heated argument within the Dorbar and it was at this time that the Syiem Khynnah dissolved the Dorbar.
Mukhim scored several goal attempts which led to goalkeeper Rishanki Syngkon to score most of the time.
New Delhi: NCP leader Sharad Pawar today announced a one-day hunger strike to protest the suspension of five Rajya Sabha MPs.
When asked who will lead the HNLC in the peace talks, Bah Sadon said that those who came to meet the government officials were the Foreign Secretary and the Political Secretary. Higher leaders such as Secretary and others may attend.
Joycyca Kyrsian and Iateilang Mawbha Mawthoh of Team-A came second.
He said that from time to time due to the discrimination and rule of the state government, the youth need to come forward and stand together in a new way to bring change and hope to the society. preparing to bring in a new government.
Ardent said that the PDF passes laws only if it receives orders from Delhi and under the leadership of the PDF do not expect them to pass laws to protect the nation.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Secretary of the Covid Team of Nongkseh, Bah S.Nongsiej, said that the village has received assistance from the MLA and now they are thinking as the village whom to help. He said the MLA has also donated hand sanitizer, rain coats and masks for the volunteers of the village.
It is also worth mentioning that the public has been banned from entering and leaving the area where Bah Adelbert has been arrested. and the light went out from the house of the LORD all the day long.
The 10% blending under the Ethanol Blended Petrol (EBP) program has been completed ahead of the deadline of November, 2022, he said.
Regarding the influx of foreign vehicles into the state, the two organizations will meet the government to demand that the government should do the same as Sikkim, Arunachal Pradesh, Darjeeling and Assam. Foreign vehicles cannot enter the tourist attractions but tourists should ride in local vehicles to visit any tourist attraction.
However, Bah Gabriel Wahlang MLA of Nongstoiñ, said that he will not give up but will stand firm on this issue for the benefit of the people of Nongstoiñ.
“We can't repay them all, but only words of thanks, blessings to them that God will give them healthy bodies so that they can continue to lead us” , said Wolbetstar Ramsiej and Marqueenless Ramsiej.
“I have seen that Dr Donkupar is a man who wants to have unity, but his death may be something else that can distance or maybe bring about better unity,” he said. state.
Shillong, Iaiong 7 : Police of Madanrting Police Station have recovered the body of a 23-year-old youth from Demthring Forest on the 6th of this month.
Through investigation, police found that the vehicle of Roibok Lyngdoh was used by Sambormi Lyngdoh in the incident and East Jaintia Hills Police have arrested him.
However, he said that one of the factors affecting them is the electricity but in terms of tourist attractions, Meghalaya has now grown rapidly.
KSU Laskeiñ Circle President Samla Balawantei has already met with the SDO of Revenue, Manner, who has promised to resolve the issue, but it has not been resolved yet. Inspection.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The North Eastern Development Finance Corporation (NEDFi) Shillong on Thursday held a training program for entrepreneurs at the Indoor Stadium, Smit.
Basanta Kumar, who is also the Minister of Education, has suspended the sale of a textbook for Class 11 students titled History of Manipur. wrong history of Manipur.
Amanda said that when they went to their residence in Mawdatbaki Mali-I, they found that the manner of death of her brother was suspicious because there were marks on the neck and and the body was covered with a blanket.
“I would like to promise that I have taken note of the MLA's suggestion and the education department and the State Government will look into it and a committee will be set up to look into it. this part.
Nongpoh, Naitung 31: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) today submitted a petition to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District regarding the issue of children's rights. JNV Niangbari School after the union inspected and found with its own eyes the problems and suffering faced by the students at the school, the union has also lodged a complaint with the DC. Written and signed by the students of the school and handed over to the members of the organization.
He added that the health services have declined sharply as the university is facing a shortage of medicines and the students have to buy medicines from outside the campus when they are sick and this has affected them badly. to students who come from lower income families.
Iengskhem Pohshna, the owner of the land, has lodged a complaint against the enemy, that someone has broken the garbage on the 18th of November 2023, at a place called Umdep.
“Are you still sitting...?” They immediately put their feet closer to him.
“I am pleased that the government has accepted this proposal and I hope that we can overcome this problem which has affected the traffic of the people in these days,” said Dr. Ampareen.
He said why the Sengbhalang does not come to cooperate with the party for the sake of the jaidbynriew, but the party will fulfill the demand.
Dr Donkupar Roy and other elders, who were stranded in the middle of the road at Mawkyrnot (left) when a four-wheeler bus coming from Nongjri to Shillong, stranded in the middle of the road, on Friday: RupangU Dr Donkupar Roy, arrived at the scene at about 12.30 pm with police escorting his vehicle, but when he arrived at the scene, there was a traffic jam and the reason was A four bus, number ML01 7424, has stopped in the middle of the road.
Jowai, Nailar 6: Four civil society organizations in East Jaintia Hills District today under the leadership of Bah H.Rymbai, Vice President of KSU-KC, Bah W.Suting, General Secretary of AJYWO-EJZ, Bah T Rymbai. FKJGP-KC President J Nongtdu and HNYF-EJZ President J Nongtdu have met with the Additional Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah CS Laloo to discuss with him to expedite the distribution of relief goods to the victims. The families of the seven people who died in the electric shock in Khliehriat West last month.
Dr. Aman War was elected President of the Meghalaya Softball Association at the Annual General Meeting of the Meghalaya Softball Association held on 14th November 2022 at Alelang Hall, Lachaumiere.
Trump has been banned from his Twitter account since July 2021 and suspended from YouTube following the incident. the Senate, in July this year.
After this match, Ryntih FC are still in fourth place with nine points and Langsning FC are still in the bottom of the table with two points left.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, has directed the DC and SP of West Garo Hills to punish those who have insulted the landlord.
Despite conceding a 3-1 lead to Sathiyan, Sharath had the tenacity and the calmness to overcome Sathiyan, point by point.
Speaking after the swearing-in ceremony of the MLAs in the Legislative Assembly on the merger of the UDP and NPP to form a new government, he said the remaining parties would remain in the opposition.
Today, Sohra received 169.8mm of rainfall.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 26: A student of St. Paul's Higher Secondary School, Nongpoh, has left the party but only a few have left the party. Pius Sharma (13) who is studying in class V1 was seriously injured when the newly constructed well of the school collapsed suddenly in a shop near the school. and in this incident, the child who was still in the shop was also injured.
Lieutenant General Ajai Singh, Commander-in-Chief Andaman and Nicobar Command, Vice Admiral B Dasgupta, Flag Officer Command-in-Chief, Eastern Naval Command and Lieutenant General RP Kalita, General Air Marshal DK Patnaik, Air Marshal DK Patnaik, Air Officer Command-in-Chief, Eastern Air Command.
The ceremony was attended by Rgh Donbokstar Kurkalang, Member of the Khasi Kmie.
This is because in the scholarship forms or in the electoral roll, those who are not Christians or Muslims are no longer included in the Hindu religion.
Rymbui said that when tourists come to our area they want to taste our traditional food, so he urged the trainees to put in their shops refined and garnished traditional dishes.
The cause of the fire was due to the explosion of a gas cylinder which caused a sudden explosion. The damage to the shop was only inside the shop.
In fact, with the rapid development of information technology, it has become easier and faster to know or announce to the public that the rights of children will be fully reflected in society.
Not only that, but the New Indian Express report shows that the tests are also very low.
Those who do not work should be subservient to the most paid.
During these years of fierce struggle, he prayed earnestly that these years would end, so that he could return to the seminary to prepare himself to become a missionary to spread the Gospel. Jesus Christ to other countries, especially to Missionary Countries.
Pool C: Maitchaphrang Mowtyrchiah, Caroline Colony.
The Union of Job Seekers who have passed Grade IV is still monitoring the recruitment of the department and other departments of the state government through RTI. “It has not done anything and the authorities have said that they will not remove these people, on the grounds that they do not want to affect the livelihood of others,” said the Union leaders. the journalists.
He was reportedly on ventilator at the time of writing.
The Minister also informed that there are 200 Prime Agriculture Response Vehicles to be distributed in the second phase.
On the evening of Saturday 12th July 2023, the day before the two year anniversary of the shooting death of Bah Cherishterfield in 2021, the group has visited the family members to talk to him. and provide further support on their tireless fight for justice.
On the same day, Dr Mukul also launched the Mawphor newspaper and awarded the Mawphor-Lafarge Excellence Award. to Mr. P Sohklet, Joint Editor, Mawphor, Mr. V Nongsiej, Editor of Kynjatshai, Mr. DL Siangshai, Editor of Mawphor and Mr. John W Thabah, Editor of Highland Post.
Also present on the occasion were Bah PKsoo, Assistant Rangbah Shnong Namdong, Bah P.Ksoo, Bah D.Lyngdoh, MDC Namdong, Bah K.Passah, DSO West Jaintia Hills District, Bah Ioannis Kyndait.
People should turn off the electricity and not go outside to avoid injury.
Rancidity of the skin and line writing can be reduced by using soybean.
At present, Meghalaya has 60 constituencies in the Legislative Assembly and only two in the Lok Sabha.
The KSU said that there are foreign shops which have only one license but they set up two or three shops which affects the council as well as the locals to set up shops or set up any business.
We would like to remind you that the party has demanded that the MPDA should withdraw the charges against our leader Bah Arphul Kharbnai within 48 hours and the deadline will end tomorrow at 9 pm. “If the DC is silent on this, we will not hesitate to hold protests,” he added.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Chairman of the MTDC, Bah David Nongrum, said that the reason for the delay in completion of the project is due to the many issues related to the law. complaints by contractors in earlier years.
On this occasion, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that as leaders, they will not express their views because they have the most important role to decide for the people. .
The decision was taken after the expiry of the deadline set for talks with the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui.
Therefore, we request the Government especially the Hon'ble Sports Minister to maintain the Indoor Stadium at Laitdiengwah, Smit.
“How can we say that the Congress is a ship that is about to collapse when the party is still in all the states in the country? Of course, we don’t have current MLAs but the party still exists.
In Delhi Municipality, Kejriwal's AAP party has defeated the BJP which has been in power for 15 years.
The hospital has a 100 bed capacity and has been under construction since
Until now, there has not been a single case of Hindu fanatics being executed or set along for life, although they have been found guilty of killing dohmasi traders and Christian leaders.
And when journalists and producers turn their backs on the government, they become merely spokesmen for the government.
This joy of happiness, the desire for peace has struck our nation with a tyllai phasi because while they are still many, that ring syngit is still strong and when there are many, it has struck completely. until our nation is destroyed.
Similarly, Section 3 of the Epidemic Disease Act, 1897 stipulates that anyone who resists shall be punished under Section 188 of the Indian Penal Code.
Those who are older understand this.
“Sangma said that the coal mining is in Shallang area and then it is transported to Assam via Athiabari, Riangdo claiming that they are carrying coke from the factories.
They have not been able to create any world and they have not been able to stop the invasion of foreigners, foreigners and mynder ri.
Similarly, in Lapangap, the Khasi people live in villages but the farmland they own is far away, like in the middle of the forest.
Shillong: The CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla, has said that the Hima Mylliem should not attend the dorbar bah of Mylliem Hima. The Dorbar is still being held in Shillong, but should be held elsewhere.
At the same time, the Minister informed that there are about 400 doctors appointed by the MMSRB in the first phase.
All schools in North East Delhi will be closed today and the CBSE examination has been postponed due to the protests.
Professor SK Chaube said that this is an Act of State and is against the will of the Khasi States which were incorporated into Assam after the implementation of the Constitution.
For the second time, a Jewish school in Montreal was reportedly attacked again on Sunday.
After the man disappeared from his house, the villagers searched for him, but they could not find him, but he was found until today, after the body of the man was found. The old man said, 'It's the leaf of the Pung.
“It is unfortunate that even after more than 10 years, South West Khasi Hills District has received a full district but does not yet have the building of the District Medical and Health Officer's Office.
No one was injured in the incident but only the damage to the vehicles.
The Secretary Shnong, Francis Dkhar, said that immediately after the incident, the group led by Kong Phul fled the scene and the neighbors helped to take the children to the hospital. KJPA Hospital in Jowai, The doctors of the hospital have informed the police and the police from Jowai have immediately investigated the incident. Ladrymbai Police Station on Tuesday.
However, this year, the Deputy Secretary to the Governor of Meghalaya, has informed the public that in connection with the celebration of Independence Day this year, the Raj Bhavan will not be open to the public on the 14th and 15th July due to the outbreak of COVID-19 in parts of Shillong.
The police chief allegedly assaulted Donbok, the driver of the vehicle of Social Welfare Minister Deborah Marak in Nongpoh.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong of Pashang said that some people had called him from Mawsna and ordered him to arrest the vehicle as it was a menshohnoh vehicle.
The total number of cases undergoing treatment in Assam has risen to 2,044, said Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) Shillong Circle is deeply saddened to learn that the insurance fee has increased from T.6756 to T.13300 for 3rd party and T.23000 for 1st party.
Biangmon Lanong, resident of Chutwakhu, Jowai, passed away on
After the meeting, the Minister of State, Bah Robert J Kharjahrin, while talking to media, said that he will consider the matter. related to this same topic.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has demanded that the Central Government should not pass the MRS SAB, 2020 while it is considering the resolution. Parliament to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in Meghalaya.
On the same day, BSF troops from Lyngkhat arrested a man identified as Baluilui Khongsit, 28, from Nongtyngur village. They were sent to Bangladesh.
As the days go by, it has become increasingly clear that the MDA government under the leadership of the NPP party in Meghalaya has become increasingly corrupt.
The HSPDP has announced its four MDC candidates for the post of EM: Grace Mary Kharpuri, PK Pangniang, LG Nongsiej and CEM Ardent Basaiaw. KHNAM has learned that it will send Process T Sawmie, Latiplang Kharkongor and Adelbert Nongrum, while the UDP has not yet announced the names of its four candidates. However, according to sources close to the party, the UDP has sent Teinwell Dkhar, Donkupar Sumer, Rona Khymdeit and Hadrian Lyngdoh. Two MDCs who are also MLAs, Metbah Lyngdoh and Brolding Nongsiej, have been appointed.
Ah bapli is your kind of person.
Shuwa was welcomed by the Sordar Shnong.
Shillong: U Bah PM Syiem, former MLA, has expressed his surprise over the construction of a small house by the PWD department on the Umshyrpi road, which is built of stone blocks and has no roof. nothing too.
He said that more than 33 lakh people in the state are under the age of 45 years and the issue of job creation will continue to increase and put the state in trouble.
Furthermore, the MLA urged the 6 SHGs in Mawkhar to be united and hardworking.
He said it is regrettable that the payment rate by linking Aadhaar with banks is only 50 per cent in many places.
The vacancies will be filled by the government, along with adequate salaries for the teachers, explainers and staff of the college, he told reporters.
Reports said that it was at 1 pm that the driver of the alto, who was parked near a mobile shop (near Thomas Jones Synod College), entered the shop and drank beer.
Therefore, she encouraged the students of today to strive to train themselves to teach for Children with Special Needs (CwSNs).
The JSU said that more than 1700 students have not yet been able to enter class XI in various streams and the JSU immediately demands from the government to enroll all students and youth so that they can get the opportunity. to continue their education in these government schools.
Batshem Lyngdoh, son of Mrs. Kleris Lyngdoh and Who Miwel Bareh of Rymbai Village, Rymbai District, is the 22nd Doloi of Rymbai District. The full Doloi shall be a hardworking Doloi, who shall strive to provide a fair and impartial administration and justice.
Prestone, if you don't tell us the names of the covid-19 patients, how can we know if we encounter such cases?
At this meeting, the Chairman of COMSO, Bah Robertjune Kharjarin, expressed his regret over the stinginess of the Government of India to approve the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya. On the other hand, the CoMSO has decided that in the coming days, the protests will no longer be small protests, but will be a large and strong protest which will force the Government of India to give up. The ILP is in the State of Meghalaya.
Former Rymbai MLA Nehlang Lyngdoh on Friday filed his nomination papers as the National People's Party (NPP) candidate for the 27th June MLA election.
Shillong, Naitung 21: Fathers, Pastors and members of the Peace Committee Garo Hills (PCGHM) on Tuesday met with the Ministers of the State Government from the Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri, Minister of Social Affairs. Welfare Deborah Marak and Parliamentary Secretary Industry Limison S Sangma to discuss the benefits that the government should provide to the rebels.
The HNLC is still searching for the suspect and at the same time, it has warned him to stop immediately. “If he doesn't stop, we will take action. or the government of Bangladesh, you will not be able to do this.
At the same time, the UDP has demanded that the Assam government should pay for the renovation of the Lower Primary School at Sabuda under Raid Nongtung, Ri-Bhoi District. .
There will be three matches for today, July 29, 2023. The first match will be between RC Evening Secondary School and Ïalong Secondary School.
Instead of opening tomorrow on Saturday, they will open on Thursday, 23rd May
Speech was also delivered by Mrs Classic India 2019, Kong Phiralin Nongbet who praised the book written and illustrated by Bah Aldous.
On the other hand, the High Court cannot go on its own to see whether those vehicles/trucks violate the law by carrying more than what is allowed.
In English I said “do not apply the cave theory to the Khasi race.
Speaking to reporters, Ali said he has sent letters to the Speaker of the Lok Sabha to punish Bidhuri, as this statement has already been recorded, but if not punished “Bidhuri and her rights cannot be protected and she will resign as a member of the Lok Sabha,” he said.
New Delhi: The death toll from COVID-19 has risen to 3,303 and the number of infections to 1,06,7
Shillong, March 18: The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) today announced the list of 15 players and three standbys for the BCCI Women's U-19 T20 Trophy.
Shillong, Nailar 29 : The National Hynniewtrep People's Federation (NHPF) led by its President Bah Andreas Nongkynrih together with Organizing Secretary Bah Banbhalang Sakra on Tuesday confirmed the new office bearers of Mawshynrut Circle. West Khasi Hills District.
Myntri Rangbah Duh stressed on the guidance of the future generations which is essential as they are the ones who are carrying forward the important tasks of today.
Khliehriat, June 22: Leaders and members of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HNP) Jaintia Hills Zone today arrested several persons suspected to be Dkhars from Bangladesh who had illegally entered the East Jaintia Hills District. The union suspects that these people do not even know their place of residence and do not have proper documents to prove that they are Indian citizens.
In Ri Bhoi District, two persons have tested positive for Covid-19 today, one is a soldier and one is a poor woman who went for treatment at the Civil Hospital, Nongpoh.
On the 20th, SI SN Biswas, MCP Commander, Sonapur East Jaintia Hills, lodged a complaint that on the 20th of this month at 6.20 am, while they were checking a vehicle at Sunapur Bridge, a truck with number plate collided with a truck. AS-02-2289 was driven from the scene.
In 2007 he was transferred back to Namdong Parish as Parish Priest and Principal of the School where he worked until
Where can we see that the Khasi, the Seng Bhalang or the people do not discriminate against ethnic groups?
The union urges the State Government to think again if there is a plan how to prevent the spread of Covid-19, not by causing problems especially in the workplace and income generation. part of human life here on earth every day.
Patel's visit was because the then Prime Minister, Jawaharlal Nehru, wanted the country to be designed in such a way that it would suit the indigenous people of the Khasi Hills. .
In the first leg of the match, Rangdajied United beat Rangdajied United 2-0 on 18th November, which is also the first time since 2016 that Rangdajied United have beaten Rangdajied United 2-0 Lajong won the tournament.
Shillong, March 01 : The Kachin National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) on Tuesday expressed its dissatisfaction and opposition to the decision of the Assam-Meghalaya Chief Ministers' meeting to withdraw the Police from the Assam-Meghalaya Cabinet. “As a party, we are not happy with the decision of the CMs of Assam and Meghalaya to withdraw the State Police and replace them with CRPF. “It is under the leadership of the BJP Government and this will be a gift to the BJP Government of Assam under the leadership of Himanta Biswa,” said Bah Thomas Passah, Working President of KHNAM. The Meghalaya Police should be removed from the Border Outposts for the sake of the safety and welfare of the people of the State,” he said.
Besides Bah Julias K. Dorphang, the court has also convicted three others involved in the rape of the 14-year-old girl.
Dr. LR Bishnoi, Director General of Police, Meghalaya was the chief guest, Giri Prasad, SP Ri Bhoi and other police chiefs. , government officials, teachers and students.
Andy got the ball rolling in the 25th minute of the first half and in the 64th and 68th minutes of the second half.
UP School 4.
Shillong, July 10: The state government is still in talks with the Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU) to enroll students of CMJ University.
It was seen that some youths carrying nar rods, carrying tyrnem, sdie were rioting in Paris and they burnt down houses, burnt down vehicles passing in the city. road bah.
In this regard, the HYC Lai Lyngdoh Circle on the 14th of this month under the leadership of Wandap Marweiñ as President and Willbertsoon Kharsyiemlieh as General Secretary together with the members, met with the Executive Engineer of the HYC. PWD (Roads), Nongstoiñ Bah S Massar to talk and urge to repair the bridge.
He has now reached the 50th time in his career to score more than 50 runs in the tournament and has become the best player in the tournament. The first cricketer in the country to reach this goal.
With the victory, Ladthalaboh are now leading Group B with 10 points.
The bank will be closed until Friday after 2 percent of its employees tested positive for the virus.
Shillong: The North East Football Association (NEFA) was formed on Tuesday 5th June 2020 in Shillong under the leadership of the owner of the North East Football Association (NEFA). Shillong Lajong FC has been appointed as the new president.
Students of Jaintia Eastern College and Ïaseiñlang Village Organization performed traditional dances.
The Bangladeshi is a blood donor in his country and is from Sylhet, as the general secretary of the Sanchalan Blood Donation Organisation.
Many of them were exported to Bangladesh.
Amlarem, July 06: The Nongtalang CHC in Nongtalang village under Amlarem Sub-Division has been overcrowded due to lack of beds and the building is too small to collapse. to sleep the patients in the rooms of those who work in the hospital and it is even worse that even the children have to sleep on the floor.
Omega-3 also strengthens the brain and memory and protects against mental illness and depression.
She said that this game will also help them to learn how to work together as a team.
According to the rules, the market should have adequate parking spaces and streets but the Tura Municipal Board and the Urban Affairs Department have violated all these rules, he said.
The National Energy Conservation Day and awards ceremony was organized by the Bureau of Energy Efficiency (BEE) under the Ministry of Power, Government of India, which is empowered under the Energy Conservation Act, 2001, to regulate and encourage electricity supply in India.
He said that we should not only be seekers but also employers of others.
What is most needed is to have inclusive development which is the only way to strengthen the relationship between the states and the central government to strengthen the country,” he said.
Openers Mrityunjay Bharali (65) and Mrinal Das (53) scored 108 runs for the loss of 10 wickets.
Ardent suggested that the government should strictly enforce the law and impose higher fines so that those who engage in such activities will be punished.
The result is only fear, panic.
At the same time, he said that as he has to meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi tomorrow, he will have to leave early, even if he wants to witness the programs today.
A cultural program and fashion show was also held which was attended by the youth of East Jaintia Hills.
According to government figures, India’s GDP grew by 7.8% in the month.
He said that he will also look into the welfare of the youth in terms of employment, provision of sports grounds and others.
Therefore, to accuse us of being illegal settlers is unacceptable.
According to a source from Nongstoin Police Station, the youth left his residence on Saturday evening with the intention of carrying rice. but from that night he did not come home.
The total number of cases in the UK has risen to 100,000 with 4,618 new cases and a total of 103,0
I fully agree with these 137 people, who feel that the government authorities, District Councils, Municipalities, Himas, Raids and Dorbar Shnongs should carry out their duties properly.
Shillong: Police on Tuesday arrested two members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) on suspicion of involvement in the robbery of 7 people in the market on 29th June
In this delimitation, Mawlai has 55,000 MDC voters, Laban has only 15,000 voters and KHADC has only 15,000 MDC voters. The 125 amendment to the 6th Schedule will create six new constituencies, so it is necessary to rearrange those constituencies which have received applications,” said the CEM. a public hearing shall not be held.
Governments that want to forcibly mine uranium are hiding the fact that the belief of AMD officials that ore is good does not agree with the findings of previous research from NEHU that ore is not good. Meghalaya has a lot of radiation.
The Municipal Board should in fact be the authorized authority to dispose of expired drugs, and that too after obtaining permission from all the relevant authorities," said Mrs. Ampareen.
The “Messiah” is the deliverer and savior that God has promised to send.
“However, when you look at it from many points of view, unemployment is a major issue in Meghalaya and it is not only unemployment, but there is also an issue that we cannot unemployment because we are not qualified to work in these jobs,” said Bah Paul.
It was also ordered that religious songs should be played and not to be sung in choir or together.
“We don't know who these people are (antecedents) and where they come from (origin),” said the statement.
There have also been cases where speakers or explainers have been ridiculed and called “Prophets of Doom”.
The East Khasi Hills District Karate Association (MSKDF) has won the 3rd Meghalaya State Level Karate-Do Championship 2024 organized by the MSKDF on Saturday at Laitkor Indoor Hall. .
Residents have been advised to wear masks and not to interact with others and to listen for any symptoms of fever, chills, shortness of breath.
¢Do not use strong, sharp or clean knives as they can cut the electrical wires and also can cause the damage to the electrical equipment. voltage in houses that have electrical supply from those signs.
This was announced by the Village Authorities of Mawïamsyiem area which falls under the Nongmynsaw Hima, which includes the villages in Mawïamsyiem area and others.
Teachers should understand that the classroom is a place where children can ask any question without fear or hesitation.
The Dolloi of Jowai Elaka, Ma Puramon Kynjing, who is also the President of the Seng Khasi Seinraij Children's Tournament, said that the purpose of the tournament is to encourage the children to express themselves. you don't have to sing or dance.
Regarding the expulsion of Bah Pyniaid from the party, he said that he opposed by campaigning against the party's candidate in Laban-Mawprem constituency, Bah Banrikupar Wahlang in the mid-term MDC elections. Bada said that it is a witness that Bah Pyniaid has worked hard for the HSPDP and has attended two public meetings and has also attended a meeting in Mawthadraishan to campaign for the HSPDP. to honor the candidate of the party, Bah Blanding Warjri.
Jha stayed for a few minutes at the police station and after that, he left and it was learned that Jha was staying tonight at Pinewood Hotel, Shillong.
These Nongwah elected and appointed a king to rule over them.
The running of these trains has also become much faster than the running of those previous coal-powered trains, which are also polluting the environment.
Larry Suchiang, Weljohn Nongspung and Diana M Marbaniang were the chief guests in the film.
Therefore, the union requests the government and MeECL to take action to provide electricity to the people of the area and especially to extend the load shedding from 5 pm. to 9 pm, this has affected the people in all aspects especially at this time when the people need electricity, he added.
The people support the old VAB and not the amended VAB,” he said.
The tournament was held for two days on the 7th and 8th March at the Indoor Sports Hall Polo, Shillong with the participation of 150 athletes including officials from districts like East Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills. , Ri-Bhoi and West Khasi Hills Districts.
On the other hand, the leaders of the four organizations including Bah Hamar Lyngkhoi President MYF, Bah D.Sun President President WKSU, Bah Moon Nongrem President President UHM and Bah D.Marweiñ President President WYF, expressed their deep sorrow over the death of The contractor who has been able to construct this most important road to the famous village of West Khasi Hills.
Ransom said he hopes that the time will come when once a day he will be able to help and support Karate and AMKA. He voluntarily offered that at any time, the members of the union can visit and meet and he will try to help as much as possible.
Shillong, March 02 : The Mawkynrew Constituency in collaboration with the incumbent MLA, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh who is also the Minister in charge of Agriculture & Sports of the State Government and the residents of Mawkynrew Constituency. The constituency has moved forward in various aspects.
He said he also asked the police how the teacher who informed him knew the cause of the death, by informing that she drank bih and then sdien phasi herself, before making the post. death.
However, the best way to store the fruit is to keep it in a cool place where the temperature is only 40 degrees Fahrenheit.
This festival is a platform for the youth to showcase their talents in the field of dance, singing, music and others.
According to a public announcement issued on 9th July 2021, this bread shop will be built in such a way that it will last forever and peacefully in the days to come.
Suddenly he said he met a Bangladeshi and they spoke slowly enough to understand in Bangla and he asked him where he was from, he said he was from India and “I don't want to tell this man that I was kidnapped because I was kidnapped. “They told me that I shouldn't tell them that I was kidnapped,” said Ricky Nongtynger.
