However, what happened on 16th July 2013 in Smit was an unprecedented incident.
After the Women's Premier League was a success and equaled the first edition of the Indian Premier League this year, Indian Premier League chief executive Arun Dhumal said: He and the entire executive committee have a plan to bring back the women's tournament with home and away matches from the second season. .
Khliehriat, Nailar 21: The Meghalaya People's United Front (MPP) East Jaintia Hills District has found that there are many shops or tea counters which have been opened illegally in the district without proper permits. The union urges the district authorities through the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District to take action to stop the Teer shops. Ciounter, who just played.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 12: As part of the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav (AKAM) of the 75th Anniversary of India's Independence under the 'Har Ghar Tiranga Campaign' to hoist the flags of the country in offices, schools, public places and so on from 13th to 15th July, 2022 in compliance with the Flag Code of India 2002 and the The Prevention of Insults to National Honor Act, 1971' in which the citizens of the village when they fly the Lama Lai color should do so with respect and dignity.
He said that parents work hard and suffer to see their children study but many of the youth think that the future is not bright due to the lack of job opportunities.
These seedlings will be distributed to the farmers in Nongstoiñ and at that time they will come together and give training on how to cultivate this variety of soh tree.
All that remains is to sign a social agreement between Nongkwar Village and the District Council, so that this project can be implemented as soon as possible.
Therefore, the intention of the Government of Meghalaya in this regard cannot be understood.
“There are laws from the central and state governments to protect the forests but this step is to help the farmers who help to preserve the forests by providing financial assistance under this project.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The residents of Mawsynram Block on the other side of the Dolai River on the border with Bangladesh in Mawsynram Block have faced difficulties in transportation due to the lack of sub-way during the construction of the bridge. river.
The Arabs of the Middle East, not only speak in the media but also fight against Israel but are defeated many times.
However, it is not clear when the conflict will continue.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The incumbent President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Dr Donkupar Roy has been able to resume his post as President of the United Democratic Party (UDP).
Once the State Government was approved, the Government of India went ahead with the mining of uranium, that is, I only showed the path of the law and not the will of the people.
KB Kharbteng, President of the Kharbteng Dorbar.
Pastor Rapsang also spoke about hope and glory, saying that there are two kinds of hope, one is hope in the Bible and the other is hope in the world. Christians in this age of despair and misguidance but those who wait for hope in the Word of God will have eternal hope while those who wait for the hope of the world is nothing before the word of God.
Last year, all the Puja pandals in Kolkata played Mondal's song 'Teri Meri Kahani' and it was also the year when the singer became famous across the country.
HAT POHCHEN (UDP)    – 33903.
In West Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills and Eastern Khasi Hills, the NPP did not win a single constituency.
On the other hand, the SP of Dibrugarh District – Shwetank Mishra said that the police have not yet learned the reasons why Bikram left the ULFA-I. Police have launched investigation against him.
The Garo Baptist Convention was founded in
However, the loving God had already set a timing to gather the Israelites back after those times when He had scattered them.
“We want VPP in Garo Hills”.
AITC has promised to increase 25% in health care for the elderly under the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS), 60 pharmacies, one in each block where 20% incentive will be provided. to subsidize.
There is also a rule that a whistleblower cannot receive this award unless it is in accordance with the rules of the scheme, ie if it has not been informed by the department or has been released or communicated to others including the media.
As it is almost a year before the MLA elections, the controversy has started to arise.
Some have argued that Israel has the right to defend itself against attacks by Hamas, which is considered a terrorist group.
The Riwar Cup Football Tournament will start from 24th, 25th to 26th October 2022 with accommodation and food provided for 3 days for all the male and female players.
In an inspection by U Rupang, it was found that although the people face many problems in terms of development, one of the biggest problems is the lack of roads. It is learned that the residents have to walk for kilometers to reach the place where there is no vehicle in Umtyrnga.
In Tuber, various Sein Raij Shnongs of the Sein Raij Tuber came to perform various traditional dances and was witnessed by thousands of people.
Shillong, June 20: The National Commission for Women (NCW) Member Laldiangliani Sailo on Tuesday said that the government should provide special schemes for single women.
The tournament was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Ladthadlaboh, Jowai on Friday.
The total number of cases has risen to 40,23,179, with 8,46,395 still infected and 31,07,223 recovered, while the death toll has risen to 69,5 of Health of the Government of India.
“Moving forward, the leader of the group to lead the peace talks will be the newly appointed Vice Chairman, Bah Teimiki Laloo,” he said.
Out of the 15 candidates for the LLB 6th Semester 2023, 7 candidates have been in the Top 10, 12 candidates have been in the 1st Division and Wanbhalang Buam from this college has received You're called 'Topper'
The house was constructed at a cost of T.21.50 crore through the KAAC department and is located near Pine Mount School in Shillong.
At the same time, he said Japan has done its utmost to strengthen its security measures to curb spies and illegal users of its network but it is surprising that the Chinese troops have to infiltrate the network operated by Japanese agencies.
He said that this task has been handed over to the Deputy Commissioners to fix the time, to open and close the shops to reduce the turnout of the people, to prevent the spread of the disease.
“If I can't get my birth certificate, how can Dalits, tribals and other poor people get their birth certificates,” he said.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has announced to hold a sit-in-demonstration on 17th June to protest against the silence of the MDA-2 Government. The NPP has demanded that all the reservation policies should be suspended until the Reservation Policy is reviewed.
The training was conducted by the trainees who were divided into different groups.
For many years Dr. Don has been a leader within the party and has led the members of the party from one election to another.
The four villages under the Pasadwar Cluster are Pasadwar, Lumpyngngad, Kharkhana and Kamsing.
The tournament will start from 8th November 2018 and will be played at four venues namely Polo Ground, Heh Mawlai Ground, Futsal Ground at Laban Indoor Stadium and Shillong Ground. Public School.
On the other hand, Bah Donbok Thabah said that although Bah Bobby did not get the ticket, but as decided by all the supporters, he should continue to contest the election.
A 2013 study by Pawel Prokop and Ireneusz Suliga, Polish Institute of Geoenvironmental Research and Computer Science, Poland, confirmed through radiocarbondating of iron slag obtained from all over the Khasi Hills, that The cultivation of coconuts in Ri Khasi has been going on for more than 2,000 years (Prokop & Suliga, 2013).
With this victory, the Lama was able to confirm himself and place himself in the second position.
At this exhibition and meeting with traders from all over the states, the farmer expressed his surprise that there are still many people in India who use synsar but do not know the place. where did the synsar come from?
“Conrad is good at speaking English but he doesn't understand the laws,” said Shylla, who is also an NPP MDC. understanding of the laws and this is evident when he spoke about the Iewmawlong area where he said that the government owns the land.
Umkiang SA beat Borsora FC A 4-0 in the Narpuh District Football Tournament (ENSA) held at Umkiang Village Stadium on Tuesday.
Children under the age of 14 years can register to participate in this training or trial on 11th June
After Narendra Modi praised Meghalaya for its contribution to the country's football world during his visit to the city, Eugenson, who was named AIFF Player of the Year “It is a great opportunity and encouragement to mention the names of the football players from this state from the position of Prime Minister,” he said.
Nongstoiñ, March 01: Mawkhumkha Village under Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division is one of the oldest villages in Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division.
We will continue to work to reach the TMC to the remotest parts of Meghalaya.
Patra, who is from Rebanapalaspal village in Keonjhar district, went to Bandhagaon village in Sukinda district and on arrival, he performed the rituals. at lunchtime and the writer was taken to the dining room.
He said that the police department will cooperate with the village authorities to appoint volunteers and payment to help drive vehicles in their villages or areas.
He said that in the near future there will be more than 10 MLAs who will join the NPP and contest from the NPP in the 2023 elections.
He said that the then Chief Minister DD Lapang and Assam MLA Roupon Singh Ronghang had visited the refugee camp at Sahsniang village and taken the “It has been decided to transfer all the Khasi/Pnar villages from Karbi Anglong Assam to the JHADC but till date this has not happened,” said Sungoh.
Through this proper data collection, the NHM says it wants to rank all employees in 100 categories according to their salary.
“In the meeting with the Principal Chief Conservator of Forest & HOFF, Bah RS Gill, the union has made it clear that the Forest Department should ensure that it should allow these women to get land in front of the park. Charlie said that if the Forest Department can give land to other ethnic groups to build a temple at Mahadev Khola, why can't the same department give land to other ethnic groups to build a temple at Mahadev Khola? land to the indigenous people to earn a livelihood to support the family.
“This is a serious incident and the HNLC will take strong action”.
“After the advent of education, the way of life has changed, the way of thinking has changed. , whether it is in office work, trade, residence and so on,” he added.
The man, from Manda in Prayagraj, Uttar Pradesh, has been in the fire since Sunday night.
The complaint of the residents of the area is that the Center is located at Umthlong village in West Khasi Hills, but is managed by the East Khasi Hills district.
There are 25 BSF personnel of 126 Battalion, who have tested positive for covid-19 at Jama Masjid. of the 126th Battalion.
“We have received assistance from her MDC scheme in terms of assistance to poor families during the lockdown.
Since ancient times, people have lived a life of righteousness and unrighteousness, which has flourished and uplifted their Rasong, on the basis of morality, righteousness and morality.
Through this decision of the Cabinet, the number of MDCs in the district councils will be increased.
Shillong: The State Government has approved the implementation of the salary of college teachers under the 7th Pay Commission of the Central Government.
The tournament was inaugurated by SSA Vice President KS Kubarh in the presence of Honorary Secretary SS Rapthap, Assistant Secretary DL Nongbri and other members of the Union.
“Now it is up to the Association how to decide on this proposal.
Facing a strong team with some players who have not played in the Indian Premier League, Meghalaya were beaten for 65/9 in 20 overs. They scored in 9.4 overs for the loss of one wicket.
G. Momin, 25, son of Robarson Marak, Resu Rad, Walmen G Momin, 25, son of Awell R. Marak, Dingoapal, North Garo Hills. Sengman R.Marak, 25, son of Stolish G.Sangma, Nongrisan, WKH. Police have arrested these three robbers from Mawram Noonmati village under Aradonga OP. Police sources said that during the investigation, these robbers have revealed that they were also involved not only in the kidnapping of Bah Darius but also in the shootout with the police on the 15th of this month. in this area.
Neither man nor beast can do that.
Of course, it doesn't matter to me what they say, whether I do or not doesn't matter and it doesn't matter because I will continue to do what I have to do for the people.
The death toll has risen to 134,764 and the number of recoveries to 995,5
Nongstoiñ, November 7: The Eucharistic Procession organized by the Nongstoin Diocese will be held on the 11th of this month at New Nongstoiñ.
Mukul said the world trade declined from 3.4 percent in 2014 to 3.1 percent in 2015 which has affected the world markets but in the midst of this crisis, India's trade has remained stable in 2016-17 as it was in 2014-1
Furthermore, the Pastor called upon the people to be strong in life and to have the Word of God in their daily lives which is a protector in their journey as Christians.
The Apostle Paul, too, when he experienced the power of the Holy Spirit, was not ashamed to preach the gospel (Rom. 1:16).
in and can also be used free of charge to learn about shops, restaurants, hotels, commercial vehicles, homemade food, homemade products, health facilities such as clinics and others. do not post on this Website.
Shillong: To ensure that all the residents of the state will get the vaccine to prevent the spread of Covid-19, the MDA government today decided to introduce more vaccination covid injection site, in the whole state.
He said he lost the election in his constituency because he could not concentrate properly in his constituency because he had to travel around the area to help the party candidates.
The woman expressed her special gratitude to the MLA who came forward to help her in her trouble by sharing her own suffering.
Neil Antonio War, Executive Member (EM) Finance has spent T.2,56,212 lakh and has traveled 9 times. Lamphrang Blah, Executive Member (EM) Finance has spent T.33,4 Banteidor Lyngdoh (Paidang) Executive Member of the Labor Department has spent T.44,319 to fly twice.
Another point that the NPP youth leader said is that the government under the leadership of the NPP has been able to move forward on the Iew-themmawlong issue, the border issue, and many others. others.
Another road which was laid the foundation stone on the same day was the road from Umden to Mawlong, which has been allocated T.3.50 crore along with the allocation of funds for the maintenance of these roads for two years. , which is also through the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana (PMGSY) for the year 2018-1
The MSOA also informed the CM about the need for a separate Meghalaya Olympic Bhavan as the MSOA needs its own full office.
Now the AITC wants to propose to the people of the state because even Dr Mukul Sangma has not been able to do anything for the state during his tenure as Chief Minister.
Speaking to reporters, the VPP candidate for the East Shillong MLA election, Bah Avner Pariat, said that the people should not take the law into their own hands. .
Deputy Commissioner, RM Kurbah, Chief Executive Member (CEM), Pyniaid Sing Syiem, MDC Member, Fantin Lakadong, Grace Kharpuri, Lamphang Blah, PN Syiem, MLA, Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit and others were present. Shakliar Wajri, was also present at the ceremony.
If the government cannot stop, the party will have to take another path.
The Meghalaya Tribal Teachers Association (METTA-NEHU) and NEHUTA have said that the delay in the appointment of the Vice Chancellor of NEHU has affected the university.
However, this effort of the church leaders has not worked for everyone, except for a few.
People who are truly rich are not afraid of those challenges they face.
In the second innings, SGH were bowled out for 41 runs.
In the training, the Traffic Police of Nongpoh Police Station, led by Bah PK Lyngdoh, SI Nongpoh Police Station, Kong J. Marbaniang and others, taught the children, how to how to do when they intend to work from side to side of the road and avoid any incidents or accidents.
Sawakahi Syngkon (1/5), Linimandakini Ksoo (1/7) and Sareeka Jat (1/25) took 10 wickets each.
From the east he went to Italy, He took many lives in this country; With his mouth he killed many souls, Who can stop him?
What is this ? Doesn't this mean that the demand for a Ri-Lum State, which the Riewlum consider a matter of life and death, is considered by the Government of India to be a minor matter, while the Punjabi Sub, Mizo, and others are greater than the demand of the State – Country – Lum ? Furthermore, he said that later meetings will be held in Delhi where most of the other matters will be discussed.
At the same time, this is also an encouragement to other talented youths of the area.
In fact, we have shondur together, we have joined hands, but in the end, Dr Mukul Sangma is better able to lead the TMC,” he said. U Bah Shangpliang, only 600 votes and if they work together, it will be a great benefit for Bah Shangpliang.
These villages are also the villages where along with the Khasi there are many other ethnic groups including Garo, Assamese, Koch, Rabha, Bangalee, Mundai, Hajong and others.
Khliehriat, Nailar, 06: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, today announced that the Central Government through the Ministry of Home Affairs has prepared a special award, the Jeevan Raksha Padak Series Awards 2023 for those people. who have done great deeds, who have sacrificed themselves to rescue those who are about to drown, who have been involved in an accident, who have been involved in a fire, an electric fire, an earthquake, who have been trapped in a animals and rescue teams rescuing mine workers.
On the other hand, he said that the Government under the leadership of Conrad K. Sangma is always with the SSA teachers and is ready to take care of the problems faced by the teachers.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 3: Police in Ri-Bhoi District on Tuesday arrested four Pick-ups while they were trying to smuggle coal. They left the government revenue gate at Umling, after passing through another road in the Umling area.
Shylla is not only a politician, but has been involved in mass protests, in which he has been arrested and imprisoned many times.
He added that JUD, Amrit and Gold Stone which are other dewbilat factories do not have toilets and water for the drivers.
This book was released on 17th November 2022 on the occasion of the 50th Anniversary of the Jaintia Students' Union.
Speaking to media, Himanta said, “There is an activity of people bringing Rohingya to Tura and then to Assam and other parts of the country.
No trace has been found yet although the relatives have lodged a complaint with the police.
The winner of the Best Traditional Model 2023, Hazel Mukhim, 17, said, “I am proud to have the opportunity to walk in the streets and home in a traditional dress. I am proud of my traditional dress that I have won this title"
Lanong said that in 1984, there was a friendship agreement between the HSPDP and the APHLC and at that time, there was a friendly struggle in Mawkyrwat and Ranikor, but the result was that the The nation has won many prizes this year.
The DGP also announced the decision of the Police Department to launch a Mobile App to improve the operation of the Police Department within 15 days.
Powel said that the VPP candidate Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon, a teacher at Nehu School, when he saw the plight of the people especially in the rural areas, he came forward to Ardent Basaiawmoiot to contest this MP Election.
As a former MLA of the constituency, Dr. Jemino also expressed the hope that in this MLA election the party will win more MLAs and lead the government.
It is worth mentioning that due to the spread of the news, some villages have tried to wait overnight to find these people especially in the villages in Ri-Bhoi, because according to the spread of the news, The report also admitted that some villages have expelled such unknown persons who have entered the villages, which has increased the suspicion of the people after the spread of photographs and videos showing that they are in the country. -Fear.
At this meeting, they explained that the postponement of the 33rd Sengkhihlang Tournament in Wahïajer in the past years was due to the outbreak of corona virus.
Employees who have lost their income during the curfew should inform the State Emergency Operation Center by calling 1070 free of charge.
Replying to Bindo M Lanong's claim that the UDP will not win even 10 seats, the UDP leader said, “I don't know about that. I don't know if you use a computer, a calculator or anything else.
On the evening of 12th June 2024, at 6:30 pm, residents of Mawkyrwat South West Khasi Hills District have arrested a thief while he was trying to steal car tires from a house. According to the leaders of the Mawkyrwat Village Youth Association, the suspect was identified as Stevenson Tongwah.
Shillong, Jymmang 7 : The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) and the TMC have rejected the allegations that the MDA government led by the NPP has not done anything for the people because there is no development. The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that the AITC should not come to explain anything as they have been in Meghalaya since yesterday.
On that basis, due to the need to stay away from the spread of COVID-19, the fares have been increased by two percent more than the right to pay.
All events will start at 10 am.
So far more than 8000 youths affiliated to various insurgency groups have surrendered and joined the national mainstream.
The Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya have not yet come forward to fight against the Karbi Lapangap.
Rupang is still looking for more information on the incident.
Nongpoh: A group of Seng Longkmie and leaders of the Seng Samla Shnong Mawtneng, today came out to express their strong opposition to the complaint lodged against the Rangbah Shnong of Mawtneng. to one household, on the allegation that the Rangbah Shnong has refused to issue Residential Certificate to the children of the household.
“We have done a lot of work and we will not hesitate to start various programs but the goal is to speed up the work for the benefit of the people,” he said.
Regarding the B.Ed College in Jowai, he said that he is still monitoring the matter, but because the Central Government has issued rules that cannot open the B.Ed College. He said that the Government has done enough to meet these requirements but due to the outbreak of Covid 19 in the past two years, it has been delayed.
It may be one of the most famous protests, which we have never seen or heard of, ever in the history of the State.
Others who attended the meeting included the Dolloi of Shangpung Elaka Chanki Langbang, the Waheh Shnong T. Ram Phawa, the members of the Seiñ Raij Ialong and others who were invited.
The team scored 209.205 points to win the gold medal, the first time in 41 years for an Equestrian to win the medal.
Seven candidates have contested the MP election from Shillong constituency, Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon of the VPP, Vincent Pala of the Congress, Ampareen Lyngdoh of the NPP and Robertjune Kharjahrin of the Shillong constituency. The UDP has Lakhon Kma and Peter Shallam as independent candidates.
So far, the number of cases in India has risen to 7,42,417, including 2,64,944 in hospital, 4,56,831 recoveries and 20,642 deaths. Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India.
North Garo Hills has 10 cases, Ribhoi has 57 cases and these include 12 cases in Lumumpih, 3 cases in Nonglakhiat, 16 cases in Sohrublei, 5 cases in Sumer and 9 cases in Umiarong.
The new Education Policy (in fact this is the only one we can call the Policy) has been prepared since 2008-2009 and after going through many paths this Policy has been approved by this Policy. The present Government of Meghalaya on 21st November, 2018 has now become a full policy.
The General Secretary of the KSU Mawlai Circle, Samla Rapborlang Nongrum, who is also the Asst. Finance Secretary of the KSU Mawlai Circle, has praised the office for being quick to address such issues. schools are closed especially during the rainy season.
The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District has imposed a 48 hour curfew across Shillong from 6 pm on the 14th.
The funds have been released to 14 States in accordance with the approval of the 15th Finance Commission.
“In the journey, it is not only victory that brings about change, it is not only defeat that brings about change, but it is up to each of us to use our talents properly. for the benefit of the residents.
The future depends on our choices today.
The Israelites rejected Jesus.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Mayral Born Syiem expressed his satisfaction to see that the students of Ri-Bhoi College have started to progress in the field of education. Nongpoh, Nailar 29 : To improve the quality of education in the state and also to open up opportunities for many students in the state to study The Nongpoh MLA said that Meghalaya needs to have its own State University, besides the North Eastern Hills University (NEHU).
Regarding the complaint by the owner of the petrol pump, police said that the owner of the petrol pump had lodged a complaint, but could not verify the number of the truck and the name. of that driver, who was injured in the crash.
“These teachers are over the age of 37 years,” said Bah Lahkmen Rymbui in an interview with the media after a meeting with the MGLPSCTA leaders. “This is not a new issue,” said Bah Rymbui.
JOWAI: The FAM Football Academy of Meghalaya (FFA) has won the title after beating Chilliangraij SC 3-1 in the 7th Republic Day Cup U-12 Football Tournament The WJDSA in collaboration with the District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday held a tournament at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai.
“In the past 24 hours, there have been 106 new cases and the death toll has risen to 26,” said health ministry spokesperson Kianush Jahanpur.
Speaking to media, Minister of State Marcuise N Marak said, “There are many brands of kyiad in our state, and we have redistributed them to collect revenue. which is enough.
“This attack is not because Hindus are against the tribes and following the teachings of Christianity,” said Archbishop Victor Henry Thakur.
Isaiah 1:15.
Scientists from the School of Dentistry, surveyed 160 children in four schools in south Wales and found that these children are attracted to these drinks because of their clean breath, the and also because they are easy to obtain, they are easy to drink and have health effects.
Clubs, schools, organizations can send or guide players to this effort provided they are of child age.
In this article I shall summarize those other field crops which we find in Khasi-Jaintia, but which are not as necessary as these others which I have written in the previous articles.
In the quarter final of the Second Division Football League, Pamrakmai SC beat Iapmala UTD SC 4-0. Nirmal Dkhar scored 2', Fivestar Shylla 63' & 74' and Wat-o-Rymbai 78'.
Bah VS Nongbet said that government schools often turn into cow sheds and there are cases where there is no place for the children to sit.
Because when each family is divided into three families, there are also relationships between the brothers, the sisters, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children, the children. etc.
The union also requests the state government to look into this issue as it is the first step to take measures to protect the future heritage, said the statement. Kenneth Swer, General Secretary, Workers Power of Meghalaya and Mantre Passah, Treasurer.
It was found that the work was 32.5 meters long.
The Minister said that six complaints including five complaints from all the complaints received and one complaint on corruption will be investigated by a special team of the CBI. The cause of this bloodshed and strong action will be taken to punish those involved in this in order to avoid such incidents in the future.
Such teachers without proper documents and who do not have any name in the teaching posts in the government, the government cannot take action against them.
Nongpoh, Kylla Lyngkot 14: In collaboration with many poor families of Sohkhwai village and especially as a celebration of the New Year, the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (WYF) Umling Circle today visited the Please donate clothes to about 36 poor families in this village.
Shillong, Nailar 5: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has used a trick on Khasi women during the Trading License examination at Iew Duh. The Enforcement Police of KHADC have raided the shops owned by foreigners in Iewduh.
On behalf of the DEIC, Dr. (Mrs.) Handaka.
Shillong, Nailur 08: One of the robbers who broke into the stadium and tried to assault Newcastle manager Eddie Howe during the match against Leeds United has been arrested and jailed.
“This victory not only shows the unique talent and dedication of the youth but has brought the name and glory of the state to India.
One category as STs and the other as Minorities at state level.
The Village Administration Bill (VAB) sent by the KHADC and JHADC has not yet received its approval as the state government has not taken action to monitor it,” he said.
According to the Companies Act 2013, the Ministry of Corporate Affairs has promulgated Section 135 and Schedule VI of the Companies Act and in accordance with the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, effective June 1, 2014.
Later, others came to settle in the village until the village grew to 1346 heads of households in 219 households.
However, when the reporter inquired, the reason was the lack of staff and at night it was more likely that they would follow up on the damage to the electricity line as there were only one or two people at the workplace.
Is there evidence to demonstrate its value? It is so precious that to kill anyone is an unforgivable act before God” (Ka Risaw Jong Ka Niam Khasi, is a book of Khasi religion published by Babu H.O. Mawrie).
Explaining about the MRPS Bill 2020, the Chief Minister said that the Bill is to provide for the deadline for applying for any job. syrnot Schedule Tribe, or driving license and other services of the people and if this Bill becomes law the officers will be punished if they fail to provide the services of the people within the stipulated time.
Shillong: “Let us follow the life of Don Bosco” said 90 Salesian students who are also the first students of the newly opened Father's School in Nonglakhiat, Ri-Bhoi District. .
Judo: Prem Chetri, Vincent Luwang Kharpor and Rishica Iawrod, Md.Firoj Alam (Manager) and D. Sankanarayan (Head Coach).
The theme of the day was, “No to Employment of Children-Yes to Go to School”.
And I will cause you to dwell in your own land, and ye shall know that I the LORD have spoken it, and have done it, saith the LORD.
Shillong, October 31: The Meghalaya Minerals Exporters' Chamber (MMECC) has expressed its gratitude to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, for keeping his promise in the House. The Legislative Assembly, in the last Budget Session, said that the government will do its utmost to help the people working in the mining industry.
Mawkyrwat MLA Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar on Saturday launched schemes for the people at a cost of T. ,79,50,000/- crore tyngka and this is also the last release of development works under the MLA Scheme at the ground floor of the office of the Chief Minister.
“You can see that it is not only the responsibility of the government for all private schools but also for the teachers and the We have a feeling for them because they have made a great contribution to literacy and that is why as the government we support them, but the school management is “I don't have anything to blame the SMC for,” said the Minister.
This increase in production and the continuation of the urea subsidy scheme will ensure that farmers across the country receive urea at a reasonable price.
Shillong: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia Garo People (FKJGP) Upper Shillong has filed a PIL against the Mawnianglah-Mawkhan-Mawrashe road.
The match will be held at the Indoor Stadium Nongpoh on 17th July
“The withdrawal of these funds is an act without thinking at all, just like treating a patient without examining the condition of his illness,” he said.
Remember, if you don't want to start your own business, don't forget to prepare your mindset from the idea of ​​becoming an employee to an entrepreneur, otherwise it won't be easy to succeed.
So far, tens of thousands of farmers from Punjab, Haryana and western Uttar Pradesh, who are on the border with Delhi, have been demanding the repeal of the Act for six months. The Minimum Support Price (MSP) has been passed.
The Ministry of Home Affairs on Tuesday informed the Rajya Sabha that it has so far registered 54 insurgents and 44 insurgent groups under the Fourth Schedule and First Schedule of the UAPA. Four organizations including the TRF, Peoples Anti-Fascist Front (PAFF), Jammu and Kashmir Ghaznavi Force (JKGF) and Khalistan Tiger Force (KTF) have taken part in the ban. commit terrorist acts and have been involved in attacking and participating in many terrorist attacks against the country," he said.
Khliehriat, Lber 2 : U Kyrmen Shylla, the United Democratic Party (UDP) candidate from Byndihati, who was formerly a Minister of State, has won another election in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly. In the Assembly Election 2023, from Khliehriat Constituency, he received 23,514 votes, beating the opposition candidate, Bah Nehlang Lyngdoh, of the NPP, who received 17,908 votes. He said that he has no doubt that he will win because the people of the constituency still love and trust him as a leader.
Roykupar said the demands of the union include the recruitment of nurses through the Nursing Officer Recruitment Common Eligibility Test (NORCET) which prevents native nurses from getting jobs at NEIGRIHMS. outsource, 80% employment of indigenous people in Group B and C, full employment of contract nurses and others.
Jowai, Nailur 15: The establishment of a Dispensary in Barato Village, U Khrist Syiem Barato Parish, has been a great benefit to the residents of Barato Parish. assistance in the field of health.
Sixty days before the birth of the child, she and her husband went to the Asanang Transit Home run by the Mahila Asanang Self Help Group. .
The Special Judge (POCSO), East Khasi Hills, Shillong, has sentenced two robbers involved in the rape of a 12-year-old girl in Class VII to 14 years imprisonment. per year in addition to a salary of T.50,0
Because the members of this party in Meghalaya say that they belong to the National Party (the biggest party of India) how can they stop the MP elections.
Jowai has lost one of its boxers and referee of the West Jaintia Boxing Association (WJBA).
Shillong, July 6 : The Congress party in Meghalaya has started its campaign in the Sutnga-Saipung constituency where the Congress leader Vincent H Pala will contest the 2023 MLA elections. long in June this year.
It is no longer clear how the Khasi will rule the villages if this Bill has ended like this.
“The FAO cannot dismiss him without closing the account,” the statement said.
They said they would lodge a complaint against Jamil Ahmed, the party leader in the state over his allegation.
On the other hand, the daughters of Inlumlang Skhemiew, Anisha Wahlang, Daphishisha Shadap, Aibiangpormika Lyngdoh Mawphlang, Daphilahun Wahlang, Kynjailin L. Mawnai, Carene Sohiong, Larisha Kurbah, Carenia Rapthap, Phindasumarlin Rani, Rebekah Sarar Nongrum, Solid.
Shillong: U Ma Kyrmen Shylla, MLA of Khliehriat Constituency and Minister of Social Welfare, on Tuesday said that more than 500 people have been infected with the disease. Four people have recovered from food poisoning in Iapmala, Jaintia Hills.
However, to say that there will be any misuse of funds, there is no, it is just that the accounts from 2013 to the current financial year have not been audited.
She stayed at the transit home for five days and was due to give birth in the next five days.
KT Rokhaw, who was elected as MLA from Palak constituency in Siaha district on the Congress ticket, resigned on Tuesday.
It is learned that the authorities in charge of these cribs on receiving the information have gone to repair them in the hope that those robbers who have attacked the gate will understand that these gates have been erected. At the same time, they strongly condemned the robbers involved in the damage to the crib because they did not understand the difficulty of preparing and carrying out these Christmas and New Year decorations.
As it has appeared in recent years, there has also been a demand from some groups who want to include the Khasi language in the VII Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Even if the ethnic parties form a Government, they cannot form alone, but they need other political parties to join hands.
On the other hand, when asked whether there is a problem between the PHE and PWD, where the PWD does not allow to install pipes, Marak said that the problems between the government departments like PHE and PWD have been resolved. remove the problems.
Our hospitals have shortcomings in their working methods.
Since then, many wise and intelligent leaders have forgotten to lead the people in the right path.
Today, no one has died from the disease.
The God who made the heavens, who made the heavenly bodies, is far away from them.
He alleged that Dr Mukul Sangma is a successful public broadcaster who has been able to announce various government programs but which have no benefit to the people except to mislead as the elections are approaching.
According to him, the remaining areas in the second phase include Langpih, Borduar, Nongwah Mawtamur, Desh Domreah and Block-II. “KHADC has been included in the Regional Committee of West Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi District,” he said.
“ We are in power not to sit idly by or do nothing.
The months passed and the work that was to be done progressed more slowly, but the prayers of many helped the group to move forward against the goal.
The winners of the medals are Pynnehbor Mylliemngap, Ibadarishisha, Anjalin Iakai, Elbring Umbah, Khrawjutang Kharsyntiew, Babit Kharsohnoh, Vishal Rai, Kamki Kyndiah, Heimonmi Suchiang. G Basaiawmoit and Marshal Mawlong.
Carlos Alcaraz, who is still the champion of the Barcelona Open, has played well despite the strong winds from the Barcelona Open. to qualify for the quarterfinals.
Speaking to reporters, BJP Meghalaya President Shibun Lyngdoh said that the BJP has celebrated the birthday of Narendra Modi from 14-20th of this month. It is on the 17th day of the Sewa Week.
Waibha Shylla scored the first goal for Mulang Ialong in the 64th minute.
He was taken to Tura Holy Cross Hospital on the 22nd of this month after he could not breathe properly and suffered from high fever.
Gratia is a right-handed player while Halbert, who has a long sput, is a good football player.
Up to seven matches were played on the day including North Liberty HSS, Govt/.
It is to be recalled that Bah RG Momin is an Additional SDSEO in the Ministry of Education in West Khasi Hills. However, later on, the NPP leaders explained that they would not give him the ticket, but he did not hesitate after a meeting with his followers and supporters. It was decided that Bah Momin should contest the election as an independent candidate.
The blood of Jesus on Calvary proved to be miraculous.
God, as he said, has fulfilled it.
Banteidor said the main objective of the Commission is to preserve and protect the Khasi medicinal plants, so that others especially foreigners cannot escape or take advantage. in which the herbal medicines from these Khasi Hills will be marketed as part of the preservation of ownership rights.
But those who are not resurrected in the First Resurrection will be those dust that will remain in the earth for another 1000 years during the reign of Jesus Christ.
Besides Bah Dorphang, 17 other men have been arrested for involvement in the rape of the same child at the Marvelenn Inn owned by the son of Defense Minister Bah Horju Donkupar Roy Lyngdoh. , the MLA from Sohiong and other hotels.
Recent research has shown that the combination of these organisms that control the spread of plant diseases is more effective against various diseases (such as fungus small in the soh pyut/mang-ka-riang/ksaiñ that looks like tall trees).
Pynïaid said that these members expressed their gratitude when they had the opportunity to meet with the members of the EC of KHADC. where the MDCs hold dorbars.
The tournament is also an opportunity not only for ISL clubs but also for I-League teams to compete for the title, where the winner will secure the 2024 AFC Champions League. League-2 Group.
The celebration was attended by the leaders of the Union of Rangbah Kur Ka Bri U Hynniewtrep and the youth leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council.
SHILLONG: There is a saying “padiah without baiwai” when you speak without thinking about what will happen later but this use of this word has been witnessed during the elections and this time it has been witnessed too. by the use of stronger words, or it can be said that it is a word of intimidation to the people who do not support any candidate, that is, by threatening to destroy them.
Only those who have experienced loss understand how painful it is.
Such a New Year's Eve festival with the participation of various villages was held only in Nongbah Jowai. After the ceremony, the program started in the evening with music and other activities.
In the Group-C match between Riangdo YSCA and Seven United at the MDSA Stadium, Seven United won 1-0
At the same time, as a sign of respect, all the participants were also gifted with a t-shirt.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Bandari Ryntathiang President of the CoRP said that the purpose of the meeting was to discuss issues to strengthen the work of the party and to strengthen and promote the party. They went to different villages especially in the rural areas.
“During the meeting, the Ministers also spoke to the workers from Ajmer, Dibrugarh, Chennai and Varanasi through the Common Service Centers and shared their views and aspirations.
In another source, the incident happened at 8 pm on the 6th of this month, while Bah Pyrshang Iawram was shooting animals, but he shot accidentally. you are a friend.
He said that at the meeting held on 19th June, the MDCs from the ruling and opposition parties agreed to demand that the government should pass the VAB. “It was thought that all the 30 MDCs had passed the VAB with the voice of unity but later we learned that the opposition ARPA has opposed the Bill,” he said.
He also urged them to implement the PMAY-G schemes properly and urged the CLF to help these households who have received these schemes to use them properly.
According to the family members of the deceased, they have not known anything since he left, but what surprised them was after he left at 5:30 pm. , they received information about the murder.
He said that the fight against foreigners should be carried out by destroying the budlum of foreigners, that is, by banning the trade by prohibiting them through the law.
She said that the demand of the SSA teachers to increase their salaries and pay the arrear for 2016 is justified.
He said that when the residents of the area sent away these people from Assam on the grounds that they did not consult with the village authorities before coming to investigate. After a while, the Assam Police and CRP arrived and shot and bombed the people and took the elders to Boko Police Station. They didn't want to sleep in the village and all night they went to sleep in the forest and in the neighboring villages.
Langsning started the tournament with a 2-1 win over Chennaiyin FC on 14 October, and a 1-1 draw with Bengaluru FCha on 19 October. They lost 1-0 to TRAU FC on the 26th.
And IIT has no right to change NEHU which is very old in science.
Ramani decided not to fight against Akbar in court.
Kerala has the power to treat type 1 diabetes and strengthen the insulin-producing pancreas.
Sources said that the invitation of all the Congress MLAs to Delhi was made after the two party leaders from the state who held a meeting with the officials in Delhi had already given four signs to him. Dr. Mukul Sangma as a leader in the state and they also expressed the need to replace another leader.
“Therefore, we urge Prof.PS Shukla to punish the perpetrator.
" he tweeted.
All these speakers extended their best wishes to Nehemaya Tyngkan for the MLA Election 2023 to reach the goal of victory through the love of the people of 4 Mowkaiaw Constituency.
After a thorough discussion, an agreement was reached between the market owners and the union to work together for the betterment of Bakur Dawki market, to prevent the mynder from coming to trade illegally in this market. Samla Riki Mukhim, Publicity Officer, said in a statement.
The strike has reached six days from 27th, 29th, 3rd, 4th and 5th of November and now the 11th to 13th of November.
Bah Pangniang together with the elders of the area, expressed their willingness to provide assistance for this old school.
Sajar Nangli was a man who liked to build monuments to honor himself and his followers and to remind them of the ancestors on the path he and his people walked. monuments, ponds and pillars, clean stones, clusters and other monuments.
They are happy to have a law to clear the roads, just to please themselves.
Regarding the payment of salaries, the Chairman of the school acknowledged that there has been a delay in the payment of salaries due to the delay in submitting the expenditure in the past years. however, it was paid back on 31st October
So eternal in heaven or eternal in hell.
The HNLC also demanded that the Government should lift all charges against all the HNLC leaders and also offer an immediate amnesty otherwise the HNLC could withdraw from the peace talks table.
Jowai: The JHADC through its Administrative Officer on Tuesday said that many of the Rangbah Shnongs have expired and those who are about to expire their term to continue their duties as Rangbah Shnongs, but urged them to The Administrative Branch of the District Council has issued a notice to hold the election. Rangbah Shnong in accordance with the rules of JHADC regarding the election of Rangbah Shnong.
Any attempt to forcefully implement the NEP 2020 through forceful means must be strongly opposed,” said Dr Kara.
He said that it was on the basis of these corruptions that the VPP was established to bring about clean governance, to end corruption, to end wasteful spending and to strengthen the government budget.
There will also be bands including Melominds, The Scores, Agape, Enbloc Bond and Chyrmang Link.
Weinstein, 68, is being treated at Wende Correctional Facility in Western New York.
The procession will start from Motphran at 11 pm to proceed to GS Road and gather at the Soso Tham Complex where the three martyrs of Meghalaya are buried.
So after drinking milk, they left and went to the market.
It is time for the government to stop treating all government employees as the last child but to choose to treat the employees as the last child while others should be treated as domestic servants.
“This clearly shows that the police department is involved in preventing the violence from happening and has endangered the life of the Prime Minister.
The coach of Khliehmawlieh was sent off with a red card for expressing his opposition to the penalty and also for interfering with the referees.
Sohra SDPO Ian O Swer informed the VDP members about their rules of procedure, the rules of IPC and CrPC and the duties of the VDPs.
The construction of the Meghalaya State Zoo, Umtrew, Ri Bhoi at a cost of Rs 35 crore is in progress and is expected to be completed soon.
There is a need for employees in the organization who are qualified and understand the job.
He said that all this happened because the Meghalaya government respects Assam too much through the Status Quo, but Assam does not respect Meghalaya at all.
They came from the market at 5:30 pm.
Speaking to media, the Prime Minister said, “All political parties including the Opposition and the Ruling Party understand what the government is doing on the roster system but I cannot understand what it is doing. VPP.” He said that at first they wanted to talk about this issue but now they have brought another issue.
In Indonesia, there are many palm oil plantations.
Zuala of Assam Rifles won the Golden Boot for his four goals, while K Richard Lyngdoh of Mawpat won the Golden Boot for his four goals. to Best Player.
“Regarding the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India, the President of HANM said that the HANM will continue to monitor before taking a decision to hold the The protest in Delhi for the second time.
This also affects the cells in the eyes. If the light intensity is too high, the light from computer or phone screens can cause a change in the time and energy of the eyes. also.
Some said that in the past three years no advertisement has been issued but the relatives of the former MLA have been employed in various departments.
“If you are a flower, you will blossom anywhere no matter how many difficulties you face but if you have a spirit of progress, you will succeed,” he said.
Even Sri Sri Ravi Shankar strongly criticized the pollution of these rivers during his speech at Madan Polo in November
The ECI has also decided to hold the elections before the end of June, as the CBSE has already announced the examinations for Class-X and Class-XII from 15 June, 2023.
This is the first constituency where CCTV cameras have been installed in police stations, so steps have already been taken for the sake of peace and order,” he said.
On the same day, the General Observer also inspected the Assured Minimum Facilities at the Polling Stations, the polling stations and the conditions of the Polling Stations.
It is true that there may be more paid Kurs in one part or area of ​​Ri-Khasi but the Kur binds us by the kur relationship even though we live in any part of Ri-Khasi.
He said that this program is the beginning of opening our minds on how to improve and implement the work in the future.
She also directed the State to approve honorariums or rewards for the people who look after the cleanliness of these places”.
Abiezer K Syiem top scored with 18 runs, Monycable Marbaniang with 14 runs, Pinky Chanda with 3/25 and Neelam Roy with 2/1
When the family members of Kong Kharbuki did not return home, they searched and phoned him, but found that the phone was turned off, so they lodged a complaint with the Rynjah Police Station. Police station, but the family members of Kong Kharbuki, have expressed their dissatisfaction with the reply they have received from the police.
This government, instead of passing the ILP, has introduced other laws.
“I don't want to say anything about the feelings of others but for me the State Reservation policy is the most important thing and this is not a problem for the Garo people but because it is too heavy for the Garo people and the roster. “It has destroyed more and more the Khasi Jaintia,” he said.
About 10 groups of youths have attacked foreigners who are sitting in the market in Tyrso after a clash in Jatalong village in Ri-Bhoi district after shooting and injuring Khasi youths.
Officers of the Crime Investigation Department (CID) of Meghalaya have arrested four persons involved in the murder.
Referring to the mismanagement of MeECL, the FKJGP chief said that there are households who use electricity and the electricity bill reaches T.6 hundred per month. MeECL employees, such households have received a letter from MeECL, that their electricity consumption has exceeded 10,000 rupees per month.
Urging the students, he said that they need to work together with the teachers who are the artists.
They were arrested after the residents of the village were alert to the increasing number of robberies in the area where recently a man was robbed of his farm. He and the priests were also robbed. It was after a good news that the people turned their backs on these people and arrested them.
Yesterday's match was a surprising and exciting match for many of what the MSL has produced this year.
The new cases include EGH: 29, EJH: 09, EKH: 126, NGH: 15, RBD: 58, SGH: 10, SWGH: 08, SWKH: 21, WGH: 49, WJH: and WKH: 41.
He came to deceive them in the form of a serpent through their ears to deceive them by eating the forbidden fruit of God.
The Kopati Puja Raij Raliang, which is held every year, this year will be held from 28 to 30 November, 2023 at Raliang. There will be a ceremony from the morning, and in the afternoon there will be a traditional dance.
“On the other hand, the youths who came to ask for clarification from the Secretary of the Central Recruitment Board said that they want the government to increase the application card because from 18 to 21 many of the youths have not been released. study.
Therefore, there is no clear relationship between Mucormycosis and oxygen availability,” said Dr Guleria.
Nongrum will be elected without any opposition after the Congress-led opposition KHUDA decided not to nominate for the post of Chief Executive Member (CEM).
These are rich in protein and healthy fats that can carry many health benefits to your body.
The reason for making statues, buying Rafael, and many foreign purchases is because once we buy foreign goods the commission we get stays outside and we say we are stealing.
The time is near, but no one knows.
If Santa Mary contests the 2023 elections, she will also have to contest against Vincent Pala, President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) who is still MP. The Lok Sabha has decided to contest the MLA election from Sutnga-Saipung Constituency in
He said that the union expresses its dissatisfaction with the government's invitation to foreign consultancies to do many jobs in various government departments which in fact many and the nations shall not do this work.
Such statements show a lack of understanding of uranium mining and perhaps they don't even understand what development is.
As part of the celebration of International Women's Day, the DC's Office through the District Sports Promotion Society has organized a Basketball Tournament for Women which started today at the Basketball Court, DC's Office. Bah T.Lyngwa, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District was the chief guest.
At the same time, he said that the Executive Committee has re-established the Traditional Medicine Commission with its members.
Kordor Marwein of Promising scored six goals, the Best Player went to Victor Bey (Promising) and Galandy Kharbuli (Kynton-u-) won the Best Goal Keeper. mon) and discipline team were sent by the Nongkrem Committee.
Many times the government programs are not equal or satisfactory to the residents because the government does not involve the owners.
I am sorry that I speak Khasi, but I have been away for more than 20 years and so my writing is not right anymore.
Shillong: At present, commercial vehicles can operate only three times a month due to the presence of odd and even numbers.
Speaking to media, the District School Education Officer, Ri Bhoi District, Kong P Lyngdoh Nonglait, said that the school authorities in the district should not pay any fees. permission to open schools, regularization of schools and other activities that benefit the government to schools for the improvement of education.
The main objective of the program is to empower women by helping to improve their household and community income by working with local communities and various government agencies through their contribution to the reconstruction and transformation of families, villages and to bring about economic development in the society through projects implemented by various governments in collaboration with the Department of the State Government in the development of families and villages.
Shillong: The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) today evening met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagatha Roy to urge the Governor to pass the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security (Amendment) Ordinance. , 2019.
Speaking to reporters, FKJGP-Upper Shillong President Kitboklang Nongphlang said that the FKJGP-Upper Shillong has received information that there has been a visit between the Animal Husbandry Department and the owners of the Anjalee Petrol Pump in Upper Shillong to relocate this petrol pump from Shillong.
Prayers were delivered by Rev. Fr George Shinning Lyngkhoi and Rev. Emlangmi Sapuh.
The DC has imposed 144 CrPC to prohibit shops from opening more than 10 pm in Shillong after a riot in Laitumkhrah area recently. Police were also set on fire inside the Police Station and among other incidents.
The Speaker of the GHADC, Bah Ernest Mawrie, said that the Speaker of the GHADC, has prevented the BJP from winning the election, in just a few minutes. Therefore, I would like to ask you to consider the following questions.
Ch.
“The notices should not be given to us shopkeepers, they should be given to Rapsang because they have a case against him and they should not attack us like this,” said another shopkeeper.
In the second innings, TDCA-A continued to score 47/8 in the first innings and managed to score another 15 runs before losing all wickets for 62 runs. to lead by 125 after scoring 187/10 in the first innings.
U Bah FD Ramsiej has announced that he is ready to contest the MLA election 2018 by applying for ticket from the UDP party and he hopes that the party will put him on his shoulder to become the candidate. of this party.
Overwell said that he and others who have submitted RTI have decided to approach the higher authorities for justice.
He also expressed his gratitude to the people for their support as a thank you for the work he has done especially for bringing the District.
In the Under-17 Boys category, Jowai District Presbyterian Secondary School, Ïalong beat Muthlong Pioneer Secondary School 7-6 goals.
These are the minority ethnic groups around the world who give birth to us Khasi, Jaintia and Garo.
Aizawl: A civilian was injured in a shooting incident on the Assam-Mizoram border today, said Zoramthanga, Chief Minister of Mizoram.
“I have done well as an MDC and I will continue to follow the same path as an MLA,” said Embhah Syiemlieh.
The union led by its Working President, Bah Banpynshai Umbah together with its members, although they did not have the opportunity to meet with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, Arpit Upadhyaya, but sent a letter of complaint against the allegation. They said that some groups have extorted up to T.30,000 from a cattle truck from outside the state to smuggle cattle into Meghalaya via the National Highway-6 in Ri Bhoi District.
The price of wholesale shops in Khliehriat will be T 77p and Sonapur Oil Agency will be T 77.22p, retail shops will be T 78.90p and Sonapur Oil Agency will be T 79.10p. amount.
Nongpoh:For the sixth time, the Rupang Shlem has distributed food items to 8 poor families, today, 29th November 2020, across the country. In Khasi-Jaintia.
Shillong, July 27: The Spokesperson of the State Government, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the Search Committee appointed by the State Government to search for members for the Expart Committee to transform the The Reservation Policy has been applied.
The need to quarantine any person is more common during this time of infectious disease which you have seen with your own eyes. any spread of diseases, especially diseases that slowly affect the human body that doctors cannot detect and know at present to determine whether they are infected or not.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 45 cases including 8 cases from Armed Forces, 22 cases from High Risk, 2 cases from ILI, 1 case from SARI, 7 cases from Madanryting Cluster, 1 case from Nongmynsong Cluster and 2 cases from Khyndailad Cluster. and 2 cases from Quallapatty cluster.
The SP of Ri Bhoi District said that the meeting between the Meghalaya and Assam Police was aimed at bringing love among the people living on the border and also to bring peace. to maintain peace and control in the border areas.
Shillong: Several vehicles have collided with another vehicle in Mawiong area of ​​MLP at around 6:30 pm today. Several people were injured and the injured were rushed to the Civil Hospital, Shillong by 108 ambulance.
The patient is in good health, said Khandu.
You play with the source, you play with the future.
The tournament was inaugurated by the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Garod LSN Dykes in the presence of the District Sports Officer, WJDSA members and others.
The swearing-in ceremony was attended by the Chief Minister, Pema Khandu, Cabinet members, MLAs, government officials and other dignitaries.
He said that for the safety of the children when they go to school and come to school on these buses, the government has installed up to five CCTV cameras in each bus and they will also install GPS so that the parents parents can check to see where the bus with their children has arrived.
On the same day, the RBYF members, after cleaning the river, also put up signboards, which warn the people, not to pollute inside the river. The people were warned not to kill the fish in the river.
If this is done, many officers will be able to spend public money.
“After leaving the Congress, I don't want to join any party immediately but I have thought and laid a good foundation because there are many parties,” said Bah Khan. Finally I decided to join the UDP which is the oldest party that inherited from the APHLC which created Meghalaya”.
The Division Bench comprising Chief Justice Mohammad Yaqoob Mir and Justice SR Sen heard the case.
Kishan Lyngdoh also won the man of the match award with his 156 runs for the third time in the tournament.
He said the EC has set up a committee to inspect the road and will visit soon in the coming days.
In West Garo Hills, there are 10 cases including 4 high risk cases, 3 cases from Armed Forces and 3 cases from Chandmari cluster.
The IMD has also warned of thunderstorms and thunderstorms in parts of Meghalaya as well as in Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Nagaland, Manipur, Mizoram and Tripura. jur un hap in these states.
To promote strawberry cultivation, the Minister of Agriculture, Dr.M Ampareen Lyngdoh on Friday distributed strawberry equipment and seedlings to farmers in Syntung-Nohron Cluster and They also visited the cultivation areas of this plant in this village which falls under Mawkynrew Community Development Block.
The kidnappers demanded Rs 50 lakh for Mishra's release.
The polling for the election of the Leaders to the Legislative Assembly from the four constituencies of Ri Bhoi on Monday went smoothly without any incident.
Jowai: More than 500 people from all over the Tuber Constituency on Saturday joined the National People's Party (NPP) at a special meeting held at Khliehriat West Community Hall.
The Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma will unfurl the flag in Shillong at Madan Polo, Dr. RC Laloo, the Chief Secretary at Resubelpara, AT Mondal, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. DD Lapang Chief Adviser to the Government will be in Nongpoh, Roshan Warjri, Minister of Home Affairs will be in Williamnagar, Clement Marak, Minister of Electricity will be in Nongstoin, AL Hek will be in Nongstoin. Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Sniawbhalang Dkhar, Minister of PWD will be in Baghmara, Minister of Urban Affairs Ampareen Lyngdoh will be in Mawkyrwat, Minister of Health and Family Welfare will be in Khliehriat, Zenith Sangma Minister of Sports will be in Mairang, Justine Dkhar Parliamentary Secretary will be in Amlarem, W Marak will be in Dadenggiri, Robinus Syngkon will be in Patharkmah and Stephan Mukhim will be in Patharkmah. Ma Comingone Ymbon Parliamentary Secretary will be in Shangpung.
Let us turn our attention to our village here in Shillong.
The Delimitation Committee submitted its report to the EC on 9th November.
Those who teach in LP schools must pass the HSSLC with at least 45 percent marks, and therefore, the salary paid by the government is high,” said Dr Laloo. The salary of LP school teachers appointed by the government is not low at T.22,000 per month.
Suraj Prasad Gupta, 22, of Rilbong, 22, of Rilbong, lost his life after being treated for four hours by the doctors of NEIGRIHMS Hospital. He was injured in the collision between his motorcycle and a Thar vehicle with Assam license plate at Umïam on Sunday.
Shillong, March 26: “Our family has decided to appoint me after talking to my family members and the people of Nongstoin constituency to monitor the funeral of I Maieid (Hoping),” said Hoping Stone Lyngdoh, Hoping Stone Lyngdoh, Doffley L Nonglait, told Rupang by phone on Monday.
He said he has sought a report from ADM Bah W Biam on this matter.
Jowai, November 17: The West Jaintia Hills District Sports Association (WJDSA) has expressed its special congratulations to the MLA of Jowai Constituency, Wailadmiki Shylla for promising to increase the prize money for the winners of the Super Division Football Tournament. which is not responsible for the Association.
The meeting was conducted by the President Watar Passah and the General Secretary of the Union, Bah Ebormi Siangshai.
The three Meghalaya cricketers include Riticia Nongbet, Luiza Tamang and Debasmita Dutta who was also selected as the Vice Captain of the team.
It is for all those who live near the sea to have mercy on those who are in danger.
Those who say I'm late remember that you haven't voted yet and the time for you to decide is still enough.
It was through Raj Biswa and Nakul Verma that the team improved in scoring runs.
The program was conducted by Prof. H. Kayang, Principal Investigator, Center for Advanced Studies in Botany, North-Eastern Hill University, Shillong. Mariana Dkhar, Agriculture Coordinator, Nongshillong, West Khasi Hills.
During the programme, 11 blankets were also distributed to the women residents of Umkiang, Dona, Laijuri and Huroi villages in East Jaintia Hills district of Meghalaya.
“We have appointed ksiang to bring the UALA to the peace table and the talks are ongoing,” said the Principal Secretary to the Ministry of Home Affairs, KS Kropha. news on the second day of the month.
“If the government wants to end the strike, the government should immediately send a notice to set up an expert committee on the Reservation Policy,” said Bah Ardent.
The tournament was organized in collaboration with the Meghalaya Roll Ball Association in collaboration with St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School.
In response, the Chief Minister said that he believes that tolerance and face-to-face dialogue is the best way to reach peace.
Shillong, Lber 5: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) has made it clear that it cannot continue to surrender like the Garo parties just for the sake of getting money, said a statement from Sainkupar. Nongtraw, Publicity Secretary of the party.
However, to reach the limit of taking the life of a human being, the society does not feel able to understand, when the question arises what happened to them in the moments when they killed people, hato There is no longer even a little spirit of knowledge or fear of God, but no, because in the heart that has become wicked, what has entered is only the desire for unrighteous wealth and the desire to please God. I'm sorry for the doh.
Christians should pray for their Christian brothers in their prayers, Hindus should pray for their Hindu brothers in their religious services, Muslims should pray for their Muslim brothers and Khasi should pray for their Khasi brothers. what they believe.
The villages under the jurisdiction of Mawiong Parish are Nongkwar, Umjajew, Umthlong and Umjapung.
Nongpoh, November 05: The Meghalaya State Rural Livelihood Society today conducted a special training program for women as part of the Nai Chetna-Pahal Badlav Campaign of the Ministry of Rural Development to end discrimination against women. , violence against women especially in the husband, workplace, home and society as a whole organized by the Meghalaya State Rural Livelihood Mission (MSRLS) at the office of the Block Development Officer in Umling.
The day was enriched by traditional songs and dances by the talented people including the students and youth of the area.
The maximum temperature was 14.6 degrees Celsius in Shillong, 7.1 degrees Celsius in Sohra, 19.7 degrees Celsius in Umiam and 7.0 degrees Celsius in Umiam. The minimum temperature was 20.0 degrees and the minimum temperature was 5.6 degrees.
Bronze Medalists: Lokhi Rabha – 54 Kg, Samuel Mukherjee – 54 Kg, Nangkhraw Kharsyiemiong – 20Kg, Krishna Barman – 28Kg and Rudolf Sohtun – 17Kg.
Speaking at the meeting, NPP National President and Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma said, “Whether it is MP, MLA or MDC elections, our father PA Sangma always started the elections. the election campaign from Adokgre because he had faith in victory, and thus Chenanggre was named.
On November 2, a video posted by Khalistan supporters on Twitter showed the attack on the Indian Consulate in San Francisco.
Gomer's brightness had faded, and she herself began to feel that her legs, her thighs were weak, her teeth were stiff, her eyes were falling and her forehead was red and there was nothing. Gomer was no longer the same beautiful and famous young woman.
Nongtraw, who is also the Publicity Secretary of the HNLC, said in a statement sent to the media, that the NIA, a special team of the central government, which is investigating the incident, The HNLC and the government have been involved in the peace talks between the HNLC and the government.
The word says, “Honor thy father and thy mother , that thy days may be prolonged ".
Therefore, the union on Friday went to investigate to find out the truth.
The Bench also directed the Supervising Engineers of PWD (Roads) in charge of the construction of these roads to ensure that the construction of these roads should be complete and will not deteriorate quickly after completion.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Laskein Circle on Tuesday met with the Additional Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District to complain against the Assam Police's arrival to stop the construction of the RMSA School at Psiar.
Modi said the PM Vishwakarma Yojana shows that the Central Government stands firm for the unlocking of all the talents of the people in this journey towards a prosperous India.
It is worth mentioning that according to the demand of the ANVC, the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council should be strengthened through the allocation of funds directly from Delhi to the District Council, to increase the number of MDCs. March 7: The loss caused by the suspected fire at the BSNL warehouse in Mawiong, which occurred on Sunday night, has exceeded T.20 to T.30 crore.
He said that these leaders and members of the NHP, who went to visit the factory, did not get to talk to the man who threatened and threatened the General Secretary of the NHP Ri Bhoi, but However, they have talked to other employees inside the factory and who have been able to re-employ the young man, but the agreement is that the young man should move to Raja Bagan, while the young man should have been re-employed. Das, a scientist, was sent to work in Guwahati.
He said that there are many people who have taken pictures with him, as well as those who want tickets from any constituency, but it does not mean that just because they have taken pictures with Bah Ardent, they have got tickets from him. establish.
The program was held at Polo which started on 25th July with the participation of 49 umpires from 11 districts who have joined the MCA. to strengthen and encourage the development of cricket in the state.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah KR Lyngdoh, of the Catholic Church, Bah Khraw Lyngdoh and others who expressed their gratitude to the MLA for his contribution.
Similarly, the players who have received its support have won up to 56 medals; which includes 27 Gold, 18 Silver and 11 Bronze medals throughout the 10 foreign tournaments in which they have participated with its support.
The KSU also asked what the government's intention is on this scheme.
Because it is an SUV Ambulance, the service can reach remote areas where there are PHCs and CHCs across the state to transport the sick to adequate treatment facilities for life support. person.
However, when we look at our Khasi people, God still needs to increase it.
Nongstoin, Naitung 21: After heavy rainfall for three days, Nongstoin town has been hit by floods which have been worse than in previous years. The floods have occurred today when the water from the Nonbah and Nondein rivers has flowed into the main roads of Nongstoin and covered several bridges in Nongstoin.
He said the increase in the number of MDCs from 30 to 40 among others was also discussed.
There are also the Lumbahstar Menkyndar, the Rahborjoit Kynjahrim, the Wengbeit Rahsni, the Lumshynrang Khatsani and others who have fought to protect their nation.
Speaking on behalf of the players, Bah Pius Marweiñ said that in the game there will always be winners and losers, so the winners should not have a spirit of pride because they will lose. in one day and those who are defeated should not lose hope but should have a spirit of self-discipline by working hard in the days to come.
However, at the same time, he denied saying that this action of the district councils is illegal, and said that the ADCs have not been empowered in the Sixth Schedule.
He said that the interest payment has decreased from 6.91% in FY16 to 6.61% in FY20, while the payment of loans has increased from T.4.57 lakh crore to Rs. T.6.55klur in the year 20, because of the debt, has increased.
She also urged the public to take precautionary measures by sending for examination to the nearest health centres, such as PHCs and CHCs in case of severe fever and to follow the rules. Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to prevent this disease.
The BIE has also dismissed Vijay Kumar, a teacher of a school, who worked as a scrutiniser and did not look into Uma's mistake.
Q.Why do we need wise or intelligent people?Ans.
At the public meeting, it was understood that the Sengbhalang will take protest decisions to force the government to implement the Inner Line Permit Act in the State.
He was also filled with joy and encouragement, because the Chief Secretary also has the same goal, as the education cell of HANM.
Police alleged that the crowd had planned to set fire to the house.
IP Tynsong graduated from NEHU and went to IIT Guwahati.
Members and leaders of JSM Chyrmang include President Twelve Talang and General Secretary Ram Lakiang.
“The ethnic parties are like leading the BJP because they say they will not cooperate with the Congress but will cooperate with the BJP,” said Bah HDR. Good governance because the Seng Riewlum ends only in Khanapara.
There are many newly opened hotels, homestays and restaurants.
" He also said that any date is sufficient in the first month of April.
However, it is only the power of the people on the 27th June 2023 which is the day of cleanliness and to bring about change in the governance of the country as well as in the income and livelihood of the people. study.
Rupang has also spoken to several MDCs on the NPP side but they too have expressed the same view as they have already said and said that the CEM seat will go directly to the NPP. Boston.
The physical progress of the projects supported by MoDoNER is monitored in three modes viz mobile apps, satellite images and drone images.
Now through the comments on Social Media we see that many say; It doesn't matter if we don't come to church services or churches because serving anywhere is enough and true service is in the heart and soul.
On the 22nd of this month, the EJNC-KWU leaders met with Dr Nidamon Pahoh, Medical Superintendent Khliehriat CHC who refused to pay the medical bill of Bah Vesper Lamare.
He said that during the meeting there was no discussion on the issues related to the border between Meghalaya and Assam, but the promotion of ICS officers was discussed. only the promotion of babuICS,” said Pipersenia.
“For about three months, the jhur market was very busy during the operation of the Society but as soon as the Society stopped running, the market has collapsed,” said BJYM President Bah Egenstar Kurkalang.
Shillong, March 22 : U Former Minister of State and former UDP MLA from Nongspung, Bah JA Lyngdoh, has expressed his shock over the spread of rumors that his son is now in doubt. to apply for the UDP ticket from Mawphlang constituency just because his father has joined the Congress and is ready to contest from Shillong North constituency.
On the complaints that MHIS does not pay all the expenses of treatment in hospitals, Sampth said that this scheme has a benefit for people from poor families. look and release the payment while those who are not from poor families have their own payments.
Bah Basaiawmoit said that after he has met the requirements, they will conduct inspections to various places where foreigners work.
However, what I mean here is not to end up in meeting and praying in groups, but it is the duty of every Christian to set aside in prayer for this Jaidbynriew Hynniewtrep. .
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad Sangma said that the establishment of SHGs in the state is to empower women to stand on their own feet and also to provide financial support to them from the government through The MSRLS, which started in 2018 and there are only about 3000 SHGs but with the hard work of the MDA government in the last 4 years, about 35 SHGs have been established in the state. 200 crore in financial assistance and this is the initiative of the government which also has the intention to develop SHGs in Ri-Bhoi and the state as a whole.
After the Amendment Bill, 2019, what is the future of us, as Khasi, Jaintia and Garo?
Delay or non-payment of salaries can affect the motivation and hard work of teachers, on the other hand, affecting the education of the children.
The tyngshop, who was also the lead in Creed, said that after seeing Ryan's skills in directing Black Panther, he decided to direct Creed III himself. Creed III will be Michael's first film and is scheduled to be released in October by Warner Bros.
The 7 CRPF personnel are ASI/GD Shesh Nath, ASI/GD Horel Prasad Tiwari, CT/GD CS Ronald, CT/GD Nilesh Rathore, ASI/GD Ramjee Singh, CT/GD Amrit Kandula and CT/GD AK Lakhikanta.
Mr. Adelbert demanded that the clause which states, “shall not be left blank without completing the Roster,” should be included in the rules.
Jaynath Mishra watched the Lok Pal protest in India led by Anna Hazare on television at his London residence.
Bindo M Lanong, Working President of the UDP, said the party requests and hopes that the people of the village will give their full support to the UDP candidate. The government has seen and witnessed that it has wasted the money of the people and the natural resources especially to destroy the nation.
These include not only focusing on jobs such as ensuring comprehensive social security for those who are too poor, to provide value in education that benefits everyone. -iwei, waiving of agricultural land, food assistance for the elderly and poor farmers, access to safe drinking water and traditional health care, medicines for people with disabilities. They were used as farmers, elderly people, farmers, which eliminated the labor of children and so on.
Shillong, November 14 : U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday questioned Saket Gokhale, Spokesperson of AITC, how much he loves and feels for Meghalaya. Speaking to reporters, Prestone said that he will never remove the allegations against him by saying, “What I am saying (Psycho) stands firm.
Other speakers included Alma Myrchiang CBRW Social Welfare who spoke about the disabilities and urged them to inform the Social Welfare Department so that they can get assistance from the Government. I'm from Willis Syntem.
This disease is caused by other small plants that are related to those that cause the disease.
The youths of the village said that it was her husband Pir who first found the body, but he was arrested by the police, because he had a mark on his hand.
However, in both these houses, the girl was kept for many hours and no one came out, from the Resident Commissioner or the staff, to tell her that they will not allow her to stay in the house. this house.
On the other hand, the union has met with Bah T.Kharlukhi, District Forest Officer (T) Jaintia Hills. Kharlukhi said he doesn't know what his office can do, as he has just arrived at the scene one day. two-day.
He said that the KSU is saddened to see that the President of the KSU, Ibah Lambok Star Marngar, has threatened the President of the BJP Cachar Districts, Amitesh Chakraborty. The Bengalis and Banga Bhumis are the United Bengal Liberation Army (UBLA).
The tourism industry has just started to grow in the last five years after the emergence of new tourist attractions,” said Paiem.
The vehicle is known as a truck and SUV and has been compared to the Ford F2
Shillong: There have been 482 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today and 9 deaths.
He expressed his satisfaction that the present government has introduced a sports policy and it is also the first time that the athletes have received assistance through this scheme.
And when they had this done, they inclosed a great multitude of fishes: and their net brake.
The strike is indefinite day and night until the government listens to their demands.
One of his employees, Ma James Sukhalin, is still on the run and police are looking for him to arrest him, as it is understood that he is one of the leaders of these groups. the employees in the coal mining industry.
In the presence of Dr. MDC Shangpung at the meeting chaired by Jesper Nomgrum, Staff Nurse, Jowai Civil Hospital.
Missionary Rev. Angel Jones, who lives in Jowai, the largest town in the Jaintia Hills, composed the song “Remember the Khasi Hills”.
However, despite the request of the lawyer of the Jaintia Hills District Council, the Supreme Court of India has said that the JHADC's claim is groundless. and dismissed the case of JHADC on 12th July,
The death toll has risen to 3,720 and 137 people have died in the past 24 hours.
The investigation is ongoing in connection with a complaint filed by the Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-Corruption (DVAC) against the Minister in 2012 on charges of misuse of his position. He was the Minister of Mines and Mineral Resources between 2007 and
This time, Lajong has signed only players from the eastern part of India from Meghalaya and has not signed any new players from abroad.
This was announced by the Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh while talking to media after a meeting with the Japanese delegation at his office at the Meghalaya Secretariat.
The group submitted its report to Himanta after consultation with many individuals and groups, and confirmed that the Legislative Assembly has the power to pass such a law.
There are also initiatives to develop stronger affordable mobile phones and this will help in the development of income generation through digital channels.
He urged the students of Uttar Pradesh to understand the environment, culture, goodwill and cleanliness of the people of Meghalaya and how they clean their surroundings by giving examples. They also said that they should take this example from Meghalaya to Uttar Pradesh.
Shillong, Jymmang 22 : Praising the initiative taken by the BJP Meghalaya to monitor the implementation of central government schemes in the state, Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie said that It is also their duty to look into other issues affecting the state including the Inner Line Permit and also the Khasi and Garo languages ​​to be included in the Sixth Schedule.
Plastic bags used in packaging of market items, plastic bags in everyday items such as mobile phones, TVs, cars, household appliances, etc. almost all of them are made of plastic.
The KHNAM, in a statement today, said that it strongly opposes the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill , said it will not allow the BJP government's plan to change one India and one religion.
These drug users do not drink alone but enjoy socializing with other drug users and get drunk when they drink together.
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) or the goals that governments of all countries of the world must pursue in order to survive without destroying the world. .
There were some elders who took water and covered his face and head.
All these factories are run by foreigners and named after the locals, said Rieweh.
The order also states that all pharmacies within the district which sell these X or H drugs under rule 65 (9) (a) of the Drugs and Cosmetics Act, to install CCTV cameras inside and outside their shops.
The UDP, HSPDP and PDF are the ethnic parties that have formed a joint government under the umbrella of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) under the leadership of the NPP. He said that the NPP's attempt to elect Congress MLAs shows that there is no confidence in the ethnic parties.
Speaking to media, the Minister of Food Supply and Consumer, Bah Comingone Ymbon said that the government has already invited the unions to hold a meeting. in Shillong but they refused and arranged to hold a meeting in Nongpoh Ribhoi District.
Roy Kumar Synrem, who led the meeting with Bah Rymbui, said that the SHM will continue to hold sudden protests like today and will continue to violate Section 144 CrPC. HANM leader said that if the government can implement the demands of the Sengbhalang from time to time, the time will come when the Seng Lehnoh will emerge and at that time the state government and the government will The Modi government has not yet implemented the ILP and the Khasi language passed by the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
It is also every five years that our leaders stand before us the people to be judged and to give an account of what they have done during these five years since they were elected.
However, it is expected that more survivors will be found while relief agencies are searching for the damaged parts of houses and buildings in these countries. They also rescued those who survived and were trapped inside the rubble of their homes.
Therefore, without counting too much on the above reasons, it can be said that in other states of India, similarly, the purpose of installing these Smart Energy Meters is to try to reduce the AT&C Losses and use AT&C Losses/Revenue Losses/Revenue Losses In areas where the companies doing this work have agreed with the State Governments to deduct their expenses from improved revenue collection in those areas (which means if in the past The revenue collection is 60% and when the revenue collection when Smart Energy Meters is installed is 75% the company will take only 15% to generate the costs and income until it has generated what it should have generated. get).
Therefore, these Rangbah would like to express their special thanks through this media to express their gratitude to you all.
The French accuse us of our faith as demon worshippers, atheists, atheists and other accusations that affect the traditional thought of the nation.
It doesn't matter whether it is the Congress, the NPP or the BJP or the UDP/PDF/KHNAM/HSPDP.
Ummulong Presbyterian High School beat Jaintia High School 6-0 while Lumpyrtuh Sec School beat Rising Hills High School 3-2
Regarding the incident in East Khasi Hills, Sohra MLA Titos W Chyne said that he has spoken to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Sanjay Goyal to ask whether the people He said that the DC has said that they will receive T.4 lakh only those who have received their bodies. it is still lost, but it cannot be given.
Isn't it enough that after 50 years we should lead a party from our own state,” she said.
The CSWO has alleged that the closure of the road is due to the passage of timber trucks. Ngaitlang Dhar, MLA Umroi, who took over the forest of Umroi village, which is nearby.
At the same time, the film will be produced and released until 28th November.
The demand for a proper census should not end with the release of the census once, but we expect the BJP leader to monitor and take action if there is a census. Any MLA, (without regard to his own or those in power), who changes the scheme for medicines, or the scheme to buy blankets from this money.
The Working President of the BJP Nongstoiñ, who is also an ex MLA of the HSPDP, Bah D.Jyndiang, while talking to media at the party office today, said that after the visit of the party leaders, state level in Nongstoiñ on the 18th, today they elected and re-elected the members of the party.
The two deceased were from East Khasi Hills District.
In total, the writer has earned many lakhs of rupees.
Javed Mohammad's house in the name of his wife, Parveen Fatima, was destroyed.
The Block Congress Unit Wapungskur, in a letter to the DC, said that they have received many complaints from the residents whose houses and land have been affected by the construction of the road. On the other hand, the DC has promised to take action and provide compensation to the families affected by the road construction, said a statement sent by the Congress Wapungskur.
However, due to the riots, it was moved to the Community Hall of the factory.
Nongpoh, Nailur 15: As part of the efforts to curb the spread of drugs in the villages and also to provide training to the public on how to avoid alcoholic beverages, the Seng Samla Pahamsyiem in collaboration with the Civil Hospital Nongpoh, Last night, they conducted an explanatory program to the visitors and residents of Pahamsyiem on the harmful effects of drugs.
All Fair Price Shop Dealers have been directed to use e-POS Machines.
The attempt to set fire to the GSI office failed after a petrol bomb thrown by the robbers fell on the floor without reaching the room.
In Jowai, 18 teams including DEF (District Executive Force), Special Force 10, District Home Guard, NCC SD, NCC SW and 13 schools participated in the parade. , Mukhla, and QC Springside English Secondary School, Jowai received the 'Best Marching Contingent' award.
The two teams will play again in the second semifinal which will be held in Shillong on Tuesday.
Gunai Taisik scored the third goal in the 54th minute of the second half, which turned the match around after Arunachal Pradesh beat Meghalaya well. Meghalaya's Makrisha Songthiang, one of the best players in the state, scored the third goal in the 82nd minute against of Arunachal Pradesh.
Pasqualina Lamare, Program Associate of the programme, said, “This is part of the efforts to encourage our farmers who cultivate indigenous crops and also to educate the villagers to eat healthy foods. use traditional ingredients.
He also expressed his concern about the problem of how to clean up the plastic, garbage collected from the villages.
Congress leaders believe that the protest in Telengana was instigated and encouraged by Dr. Chenna Reddy and Konda Lakshman Bapuji out of hatred for the Chief Minister. they have the opportunity to do more and more work.
Pious Rani, Executive Director of NESFAST, said that the ropeway has been modeled from Himachal Pradesh and it has now been built by local people who have been trained. The State Government will build the Gravity Ropeway which will be built in the future.
In the third division football tournament, Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu beat Nangbah Pohshnong 2-0
This shows that the government's actions are a violence and harassment of the indigenous people from time to time.
Nongpoh, Lber 01: Within hours of the start of the counting of votes to announce the results of the winners of the elections from different constituencies to the Legislative Assembly, many of the candidates Especially those who understand that they are in the middle of a fierce struggle and have the hope of winning, don't sleep until the polling day to know the results that the people have already voted on the 27th. February.
The meeting also decided to strengthen the Kur Ka Jait by electing Rangbah from the Kur, to explain to the four offices such as the offices in Bhoi, East Khasi Hills District, formerly known as Kur Marweiñ, Shillong.
If there are foreigners who come to the village to apply for NOC to set up shops and get trading license, the village will not give them any more. that foreigners should come to earn money in our country, said the village leaders.
At the night super, the leaders of the party also burnt a letter that the Magistrate had sent to them after reading to show that Section 144CrPC has been imposed on the residence of u. Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
Satisfy Synkon – Silver 6.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mariahom Kharkrang said, “Bah Melam Rangad is the nephew of Bah Thrangbok Rangad, the Rangbah whom the BJP party in the state will remember and proclaim forever.
However, when asked whether he will get a ticket from the BJP, Comfort said, “It is not easy to say whether I will get a ticket from the BJP. If I don't get it, I will contest the election as an independent candidate”.
Shu dap tang and u soh te.
Then the magicians said unto Pharaoh, This is the finger of God:
She rested for a while but because she had decided she stood up again and said to herself “My mother who was still asleep didn't know anything about what had happened.
Biolinda Lyngdoh Nonglait, who contested from the HSPDP in 2018, has now left the NPP and the HSPDP. Bah Shakliar Warjri has been elected.
He said that although the government has been calling the farmers “bapli”, it will continue if the farmers work hard and succeed in the field of agriculture without wasting their time, skills and special skills. The time will come when the farmers will shout “O government, the government is full of money from head to toe” and the government will have to turn its back on the government. the face of the farmer.
Through this victory, Nangkiew Irat has escaped from the relegation zone.
Shillong, Nailar 29: Ten political parties in the state today announced a curfew against the Chief Minister of Meghalaya for failing to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP). 12 hours on the 2nd of November as one hour to empower the government.
The club has also faced serious financial difficulties which has led to a loss of 481 million euros in the 2020 season. /21 which has also led to the departure of the oldest star of the team, Lionel Messi.
The presence of this sin in the nation makes the nation poor and backward and will never grow or develop.
In West Garo Hills, there are 20 cases, 8 cases from the Armed Forces and 12 cases from high risk contacts.
Eiladki scored another hat-trick in the 42nd and 60th minutes.
In this age, many times I find that children don't know how to speak and tell stories in languages ​​that are polite to those who have grown up. The parents who gave birth to them and raised them don't know how to speak in the right way but only in words that are sweet and pleasant to hear.
The construction of this road will benefit the residents of the area who are still living in agriculture and it is also the fulfillment of the aspirations of the people in the area who have been left without children for many years. many years.
Ma Bait also vowed that if the people allow him in the upcoming elections and he gets to sit in the MDC seat, he will fight against corruption in the area.
Kick Start Football Academy and Madanryting SCC have shared 10 points each after drawing in the first leg.
Shillong, June 04: The President of the HSPDP East Khasi Hills District, Bah Martle Mukhim on Tuesday said that many of the people of the state are happy with the meeting of the two leaders. Speaking to reporters, Bah Martle said that this visit to the government has brought joy to many of the party supporters. Many MLAs of the party have supported the MDA 2.0 government.
Manipur won another gold medal through Thokchom Tennyson Singh (2:08) in the MTB Downhill Full Suspension by beating Dame Wanki Ha-o Suiam (2:15) of Meghalaya. .
She also took this opportunity to congratulate all the doctors who have dedicated themselves and their families for the health of the patients.
Furthermore, on this day, the members of the RBYF, have shown the irregularities in the working methods of the hospital, because according to the complaint by the relatives of the child to the RBYF, The child was suddenly expelled without being allowed to talk and what is more surprising is that there were other women who were waiting for patients at the place who did not find them expelled at all, but the child was not allowed to talk. she was sent straight out.
These leaders of the Raij Raliang include 7 Rangbah Kur and also members of the Raij along with the Rangbah Shnong of the village.
She said that she earns about T.10 lakh a year from performing around the country. She also came as a special guest at the final of the DJ competition held at Queen Resort, Upper Shillong. on Saturday of the week.
At first glance, there will be no space in prisons to detain those drug dealers, including the youngest to the oldest, although the youngest will not be arrested.
The question to Ma Rymbui is – how do the coal trucks get back through the roads guarded by the police? Have the police been ordered to arrest the coal trucks or to release them safely until they reach Assam? These attempts to mislead the people have been too much.
They should take this work as a work of service and not as a work of selfishness.
Replying to the meeting, Dasakhiatbha Lamare said that the Prime Minister has not yet said anything, because the demand of these Lalungs is a complicated and difficult task. It is necessary to talk to Delhi, either through the Tribal Affairs Department or the Tribal Affairs Department.
He said that the HITO considers itself as an opposition party to the government's actions if it does not agree with any political party.
:The Khasi song, which was released recently, called “Ohh Rossy”, is a dance song from the movie Romeo and Rossy.
He said that the Society has started implementation of the project and the Meghalaya Basin Development Agency has allocated Rs.19 lakh for the power plants, Rs.5 lakh for the water supply. Collective Marketing Center and Rs.7 lakh for Solar Cold Storage Centre.
According to information received from the owners and drivers of commercial vehicles, the government has not yet paid the money they should have received for the use of their vehicles and has placed them in the middle of the big problem.
Balakhwa Village, has now a Rangbah, who is of Khasi blood, to protect its border, but if this is a trick to intimidate, then after this Rangbah, they will nion by force and seize all the land.
About 200 people attended the meeting.
Manipur authorities said that on Friday night (15th), robbers set fire to the residence of the Minister of State for Child Development – ​​RK Ranjan Singh at you are in Kongba, Imphal.
Pauldeep Tongwah, President of KSU Mawkyrwat Circle, while speaking to media, expressed his gratitude to the people of the area especially the employees of government offices who have given their cooperation to the request of the KSU Mawkyrwat Circle. to temporarily suspend all activities on this day as a sign of solidarity and to condole the loss of 5 precious lives in the incident at Mukroh, East Jaintia Hills District. border with the State of Assam.
Speaking to media, Najiar said the KSU has demanded that the police should refrain from arresting the members of the KSU on the basis of the mobile tower. have.
In the first half, A.Kromah scored in the 40th minute and after the second half, Lalkhawpuimawia followed.
In another match, Pasadwar beat Unigue XI 5-0 and Skhenpyrsit beat Nongsder Nongkhlieng 4-0
“Did Mamata Banerjee of the TMC send them to do these things or did JP Nadda of the BJP send them?
These include EGH: 1, EJH: 2, EKH: 14, WGH: 2, WJH: 1 and WKH:
The registration number of this vehicle is ML15-0
Police said that the youth had left home before reaching his home and police believe that the incident was suspicious.
On the other hand, Rani said that the Institute of Hotel Management (IHM) under the Ministry of Tourism, Government of India, has 10 vacancies, including the post of Principal. you're empty.
He will then visit Tashkent, Uzbekistan, where he will meet and hold talks with Uzbek officials as part of strengthening relations between the US and this country.
During the Question Hour, Mawhati MDC Charles Marngar asked a question to the CEM. Chyne said in the House that there has been a soskular signed between the two parties. The Assam State Electricity Board and the United Khasi Hills District Council on 4th July 1970 during the construction of the Umiam Dam.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The United Democratic Party (UDP) will meet on Monday to discuss the situation in the state.
Other speakers included Khliehriat MLA Kyrmen Shylla, Shitlang Pale, R Rapthap and Dr. Phervision Nongtdu. -19, 4 people have died, bringing the death toll to 1315 in the state on Tuesday.
Therefore, he said that there should be a new and different approach to double the income of farmers before
On the other hand, Defense Minister HDR Lyngdoh said the government will look into the MLA's statement and take necessary action.
This small change in the ARPA will cause difficulties in the House to pass any Bill, and may also lead to the Administrator's rule as promised by the opposition.
Almost all families complain that today's children are selfish and disrespectful to their parents.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) on Tuesday held a public meeting at Nongspung Market to explain to the public the issue of the Citizenship Amendment Act 2019 (CAA) and the Citizenship Amendment Act There is no need to obtain an Inner Line Permit (ILP) in Meghalaya.
He said that the receipt of this award by the ANTF from Ri Bhoi will encourage especially the police force of Ri Bhoi, as Ri Bhoi is the gateway to Meghalaya. Many illegal drug traffickers enter and leave this road in Ri Bhoi.
However, I would like to conclude with the words of Babu Soso Tham, “You can beat, but how can you beat!” especially at this time and take good care of your body.
The ceremony was opened by Bah ND Syiem, brother-in-law of Mrs. Spellity, with speeches and reading of condolence messages by Bah Hamletson Dohling, Mrs. Agnes Kharshiing, on behalf of CSWO. and on the part of the Thma Rangli.
If the party leaders say that he is a candidate, and that they don't know that he is a candidate, then the people have already said no and discouraged them from supporting someone else who is a candidate. you don't have money.
“The 17 North Shillong Constituency is home to intellectuals so think carefully, let the BJP win and form a Government and if it wins a little or a lot, the BJP will call for a Government,” he said. Young men, don't take any more trouble, but don't walk in the right path.
Regarding this request for the status of Dorbar Shnong, the residents of the village have met from time to time to discuss this issue.
In this regard, the union, which includes 20 villages affected by the project, has unanimously decided to hold an indefinite strike from tomorrow until MeECL implements the project. he added.
Therefore, vehicles are requested to cooperate with the police, so that there will be no traffic jam, said a statement from Bah PW Myrthong, Secretary Assembly Committee.
When the journalists tried to get information on the construction of the railway station, they spoke to Niral Nath, who is in charge of the construction. Alok Singha, Project Director, VRN Infrastructure Ltd., has inaugurated the project.
The brave Israeli army has gained a lot of reputation after shooting dead dozens of Hamas militants who invaded the country in recent days. late.
The deceased were from East Khasi Hills and West Garo Hills.
Regarding the ongoing border dispute, he said that the seven dispute areas which the Regional Committees on Border Dispute have not yet started inspecting, namely Block I, Block II including Langpih sector, they are the most difficult places to resolve.
“The UDP is like a color in the present government,” said Desmond KL Mawlong, Vice President UDP Shillong City.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the law will take the necessary action against anyone involved in the attack on these people. ensure that such incidents will not happen again in the future and the law enforcement agencies have also conducted a search operation to track down these robbers and to punish them strictly so that these criminals will never escape from the hands of the law.
Otherwise, the residents of Umkiang Village will continue to pursue the demand to remove the dissemination of Mawshun information.
They have been arrested by the police and will take action according to the law.
They also saw that you came to the village, and they were surprised that you didn't go when you used to go when you came to the village.
However, the government is going ahead with the examination which has caused confusion among the students and which has also cost time and money.
" Men Kpa replied, "I don't know, if you don't want to know.
World Consumer Rights Day is celebrated on the 15th of October every year.
Referring to the Bramhaputra as the sister of the Ganga, she said the department has taken steps for the Bramhaputra as it does for the Ganga.
The problem is that many young people and adults do not want to be treated for this disease.
I told my mother that I would go to India tomorrow and I said that I would marry this actor, Salman Khan.
Three of these policemen are from the 3rd Battalion.
After the 23rd, if they don't respond, we will have to go through another path through the law,” said HITO president Donbok Dkhar. “Why do people look at us as the TMC and as the leader of the TMC?
The committee also appointed Sonam Palden Bhutia (Sikkim), Physio-Th.
These schools have been opened without any legal permission.
On the last day of the tournament, Awro SC won the title against Nongbah Rangblang SC by 2/1 goals.
He said that it is necessary to take a step-by-step approach when considering this policy and therefore he said, “Let us turn to what is constructive and useful and what is the best decision we can take as a government, as a state and as its citizens".
Personnel & AR (B) Department : All Departments, District Heads and PSUs who have a vacant post, require permission from the Personnel and AR (B) Department before applying. publish a notice for any vacant post.
The final of the 1st Mowkaiaw Constituency Premier League Cricket Tournament will be played between Super King and Sunrise on the 17th of this month at Mukhap Shongthymme Stadium.
Since its establishment in 1973, NEHU has been an important institution for the North East in terms of higher education and has also been a successful institution since Former Chairman of the Union Public Service Commission Dr David Syiemlieh, Sanjay Barbora and Union Minister of State for Child Development Alphons Kannan Thanam were also present.
Technology Requirements: In October, 2020 we have seen the readiness of schools among teachers and students to start online classes through modern technology such as smartphones, laptops, wifi and some other de.
But what are the milestones that the state has achieved in the last 50 years that we can be proud of? The leading countries of the world are those where governments value literacy.
Therefore, it is time for them to cooperate with the government and provide information to the authorities.
The CEM said the purpose of the Council to convene a consultation with the Hima is to find ways and means how to advise the government to end the protest of the Sengbhalang. Lakhs of people will be affected if the protest continues.
At the meeting, the FKJGP also discussed the Entry Exit Point in the state and on this issue, the FKJGP said that it will meet with the government to urge that it should be expedited to be implemented in the new year.
The meeting was led by Samla Leonard Dhar, General Secretary of KSU Jowai Unit, in the presence of Assistant General Secretary Samla J.Yndoh, Office Secretary Samla W.Phawa and Kong Ladaplin. P Hayong is the President of the Women's Wing.
In this regard, the JHTOA has convened a public meeting on the 11th of this month at 12 noon near the toll gate at Ialong Pasyih to discuss the issue of transportation of goods or dewbilat.
When inquired, Bah Ribel Pariat said that they received the information when they opened the shop at 8:30 pm with their brothers and sisters. his.
Chris Evans, who has decided not to play Captain America in one of his interviews, has encouraged his fans by saying that maybe in the coming years he will be able to to act as Captain America and he will decide on this when the time comes.
The closing date for applications will be on October 28, 2020, said a statement from Samla Shining S Lyngdoh, President, KSU Sngap Syiem College Unit.
“The law should take action to maintain peace and order to remove the fear of the residents,” said a statement from JACBOM. ," the statement added.
This has shocked his family as they cannot accept that they have lost him unexpectedly.
The PM-DevINE is based on the findings of the North Eastern States in terms of Basic Minimum Services (BMS) which are still low compared to other parts of the country and also that there are shortcomings. The new PM-DevINE scheme has been announced to address these BMS and BMS shortcomings. you grow you par.
Dulong, who lost a point against Wahïajer SC on the 7th of this month, have returned with a three-point victory over Sohmynting in the Chatister Kharkongor tournament. The Memorial Trophy was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA), Jowai.
Many people from the right and left (except those who have been influenced by the leaders of this Government) have expressed their dissatisfaction with the actions or working methods of this Government.
Wanboklang Kurbah (20) from Kyntoit Traw Saitkhlieh and Phibankyntiew Sun (18) from Marbisu have been arrested. but the relatives of the deceased are still in shock and darkness as they have not received any information about them.
“In this regard, we have set up a committee with the Council Building Asset Department. This committee will take action on this issue and will meet with the state government. , to discuss the needs of the land and the budget on all these".
Builderson Lyngkhoi scored the first goal for Mawhiang A in the 27th minute. .
After being blocked, the two teachers were beaten and tied.
Prof. Nalin Mehta, Director, NEIGRIHMS said, “He has been selected from among the few as a radiologist and to receive the world award. NEIGRIHMS but to the entire team of doctors in Meghalaya.
The death toll in the past 24 hours has risen to 848, bringing the total to 58,3
“We understand that there is now a list of 38 languages ​​to be approved and the Khasi language is on this list of languages ​​and we expect that before the end of the term of this Parliament “This work must reach its goal,” said Bah Paul.
They lost first to Indian Arrows and then to Gokulam, Kerala.
In this regard, the DC's office has urged the village authorities, political parties and the people to take this opportunity.
NEEPCP Director (F) AG West Kharkongor in a statement said that the meeting will meet again on 12th June to discuss the issue.
“This work is in progress,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar in reply to unstarred questions in the recently concluded Legislative Assembly.
:The Khasi song, Jubab bashai, composed by Ram Suchiang & Larihun Lapang, has been released on November 13,
The HYC also said that this action of theirs could endanger the Jaidbynriew.
The IGP of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Akhtar Hayat Khan, said the authorities have sent security forces to patrol and surround the area after the blast and to search for those involved in the incident. this is the thombor.
Although it rained almost all day, during these games, it stopped.
For example, many government jobs in each district have their own DSC where most of the youth from other districts do not get the opportunity to join the DSC. The employment rate should be 80% for the youth of Ri Bhoi District, said Bah Alvis Kyrsian.
As we have seen in the media, the two Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya have decided to hand over the investigation to the Central Bureau of Investigation or the CBI. the victims are still far from receiving their rights.
Although there are villages that are trying to prevent this clean marriage between the Khasi and other ethnic groups.
He said it is unacceptable for the government to blame the poor for the traffic jam in Shillong.
The MLA, Bah Charles Marngar, also expressed the same view, but as the leader of the District Council, he said that he will monitor closely on this incident and especially in relation to the those people who live in that refugee colony.
On the other hand, the HIA strongly opposes the illegal construction of this land by the Acting Syiem and his authoritarian rule in which he has refused to listen to the concerns of the people of the Hima.
If the market is not regulated by the government, why doesn't the price of agricultural products increase?
Abiser tied 46 runs from 37 balls and Dubleen scored 16 runs from 21 balls.
The video of Parakala Prabhakar, one of the experts in the field of income generation, was released through the Congress party's X. "If Modi wins again in 2024, India will never get another election. "Ek aur chunav ki ummed mat kijiye," Prabhakar told an interviewer. “If the BJP comes back to form a government, India will never see another election,” he said.
The Government of India will have to respond to the PIL sent by Bonney and the Governments of Assam and Meghalaya will have to respond to the Supreme Court.
In this speech, Thomas Jones was born on the 24th of July
Dr Mukul said this was a reminder of the allegation by BJP leader Amit Shah, who is the Home Minister, that the NPP and the BJP are now forming a joint government.
This is true of men and women and it does not matter whether they are young or old.
The news has shocked many people as Sunanda's body died shortly after a dispute between her and her husband on Twitter. One of the Pakistani journalists was involved in the incident.
He was also the CEM from 1984-1
On receiving a tip on the incident, police rushed to the scene and the body was taken to the Civil Hospital, Nongpoh for post mortem.
Shillong: The Minister in charge of District Council Affairs (DCA), Bah Hamletson Dohling, on Tuesday said that it will be up to the Cabinet to decide whether to extend or enact the Administrator's Rule within the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council. .
Awards were also distributed to the Vos and SHGs within the CLF where Ïakyntulang VO won the Best VO award with 100 percent bank linkage, as well as Nangkiewshaphrang. VO , has received the Best VO award for its activities to improve the health of women and children and Ïaidchaphrang SHG has received the Best SHG award for its ability to improve its statistics .
The ksain starts eating the leaves, then it enters the soh and eats the shyieng, destroying the sai kynphad.
“We Nepalis have learned the Khasi language and the Khasi have learned to speak our language.
The High Court also immediately convicted the Governor of Assam for illegally issuing the Notification dated September 8, 1961 announcing the implementation of the Eastern Bengal and Assam Excise Act, UK-JHADC when his term of office expired on 27th June, 1952 and that the United Khasi-JHADC Act, 1952 also expired on the same date.
Even Hollywood star Adrian Dev welcomed Alia in this regard.
Therefore, the Village Authority strongly warns that if such selfish people are found guilty, there will be no forgiveness, but they will be punished severely, according to the Village Rules. and after that he shall be delivered up unto the authorities.
Remember that the victory is not mine but the people of the constituency,” said Dr Aman.
Most churches the electorate chooses the money not the legislator.
Shillong: The United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) has urged the government not to allow foreigners to interfere in the defense sector in Meghalaya because even the Land Transfer Act and the 6th Schedule are not implemented. There is no information and it is a shame for them and especially for the Dy CM of Punjab who speaks without knowing the beginning and end of the affairs of the state.
L.Marbaniang said that many of the police and youth organizations who used to drive them away, who were selling land and used to speak insultingly to the land owners but did not listen to the insulting words because they needed to. earn to provide for the household.
The DC of West Garo Hills District, Jagdish Chelani, has appointed an Additional District Magistrate to head the inquiry.
“This Bishnu came to use these land on 22nd October without any knowledge of the Hima authorities who are in charge of the land,” said Bah Michael.
Shillong: There have been 49 new cases of corona virus in East Khasi Hills today as of 10 am, including 47 cases in East Khasi Hills.
“People have been shocked to see how far other political parties have done such tricks,” said Bah Kharkrang.
After these two men couldn't stand the behavior of their mother, they told their mother-in-law about the incident but she didn't believe them. he often drove their brother out of the house where they lived.
One day I saw that there were no more chickens that were sick.
Shillong, Naitung 6: The Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, who is also the Leader of the Congress Party, on Tuesday said that the people of the North East should be vigilant against the BJP. In order to stay in power and win elections, the party has tried to create religious and ethnic differences.
Sheen Sohktung in the 81st minute scored the second goal in the 81st minute to strengthen the team's control until the end of the match. syndrome to 2-0.
“I hope that in the next five years all households will have drinking water, roads, electricity and the government will prepare the roads to achieve all these,” he said.
Khliehriat: The Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA) under the leadership of Samla Namphrangmi L Talang, General Secretary of the Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA) and its members have continued to do their activities. Thank you for donating food items such as rice, Dai and drinking water to three villages including Lakadong Umlatdoh, Ladlakadong and Umlyngsha village today 05th June
But the wicked will be resurrected at the end of the 1000 years.
One youth was killed and two others seriously injured after being bombed and shot by the mobs of Syntung village on suspicion of Menshohnoh.
At the same time, they said that in the past few months, since some of the staff at the hospital have been infected with Covid 19, many people have not wanted to go for treatment. for they were afraid.
The training was held at Moosakhi village, Amlarem Sub-Division and was inaugurated by the Additional Deputy Commissioner, Bah DM Wallang.
The East Khasi Hills Police have warned against anyone who smuggles people into the state.
Or it shows that NEHU is not ready to implement the NEP 2020 and has also raised questions about the bias in the implementation at the same institution.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 18: The Open to All Badminton Tournament organized by the Ri-Bhoi District Badminton Association (RIBA) has come to an end on Saturday evening. The final match was held at the State Sports Council, Indoor Stadium Umlyngkdait.
Before the 2018 elections, Shibun said that there will be many BJP leaders from Delhi to enter the remote areas of the state to raise awareness among the people. the people the value of democracy and the vote comes later.
He said that the HITO will not allow the government to build a railway line in this area without any law to protect the country. The road has been increased, it is only because they want the railway to come to the state”.
However, they were not arrested because as soon as they committed the crimes, they fled to their places of origin.
In West Khasi Hills, there are 27 cases, including 2 high risk contacts, 2 from Laitkseh cluster, 6 from Mairang cluster, 2 from Mawroh cluster, 3 from Nongpyndeng cluster, 3 from Nongstoin cluster.
Construction of Mawblock in rural areas and outside the Municipal All activities related to agriculture and livestock, but to ensure compliance with the health guidelines.
Jeremiah 32 : 27 :- Behold, I am the LORD, the God of all flesh;
The farmers also received training on the science explained in detail by Mr. H.Papang and Mrs. B.Kharbamon.
Conrad filed his nomination papers before the Returning Officer of 51-South Tura and Addl Deputy Commissioner Saljong R Marak in Tura and was accompanied by his relatives, leaders and supporters of the NPP. The NPP Chief, accompanied by his wife, visited the tomb of his late father and former Chief Minister PA Sangma in Tura, to seek his blessings.
“The syiem, the sordars or even the rulers of the public affairs, if one or two persons complain or request any part and there he takes a decision to implement or suspend the authority, The destruction of the rule of law and the society has already happened,” said Bresswell.
" “If the majority stands against the railroad, we are with the people, and if the majority agrees to bring the railroad, we are with the people because we are the leaders," he added more.
Those rules are sometimes so strict that it is not permissible to mix with others who refuse to follow the same rules.
To avoid the rapid spread of the disease, Meghalaya has increased the testing capacity to 400 tests per day and 2000 tests per day in terms of pool testing.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawpat, Bah Khrawbuit Ryntathiang, said that he has received the letter but he said that in his village, they do the same when foreigners come.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah M Kharkrang, on Tuesday said that we intend to prosecute the two leaders of the FKJGP under various provisions of the law.
This decision has forced the Government of Meghalaya to appeal to the Supreme Court.
This house is the house of Mrs. Baralin Mawpat and Mr. Phainal Phanbuh.
The Mughals ruled India for 300 years from 1556-1
Another Manipur athlete, Kshetrimayum Jack Singh (2:19) won the Rnong medal in third place.
Another benefit to the people from the presence of these MGNREGS offices, is that if the villages have not yet received assistance from the leaders to build dorbar halls for various village committees and small meetings. They are held at these offices of the scheme for 100 days.
Synsar without number is 67 tyngka per kilo and Synsar without number is 57 tyngka per kilo.
The source also said that investigation teams have been working with the police to bring security to the area.
The Tarun Gogoi government has donated T.2 lakh through the Journalists' Family Benefit Fund to those journalists who have been in service for three years. 5,000 thousand per month, to journalists of the State, over 60 years of age and above.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has sent his condolences to the family of the late journalist.
He said that while reading the Word of God through the Gospel of John which speaks of the death of Jesus and his resurrection on the third day, it is the will sent by God to come to suffered until he was crucified and rose again on the fourth day was to save the world as that Son of God.
However, the MDA government is trying to work even though it is a coalition government with all the parties from the NPP, UDP, PDF, HSPDP, KHNAM, BJP and Independent MLAs. It is important that when there is instability or protests, all work together to bring peace.
The most cruel ruler who killed more than 60 million Jews was Adolf Hitler.
Shillong, Lber 26: The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) on Saturday appointed former Chief Minister and AITC leader Dr Mukul Sangma as the National Spokesperson of the AITC. .
“It is to be recalled that Meghalaya is a state of three ethnic groups, Khasi Garo and Jaintia. There are three major tribes including Khasi, Garo and Jaintia but the government's lack of respect for Jaintia Hills which has its own language shows that this government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma has been corrupt. “We cannot accept this action of the government,” said the statement.
Speaking to media, Robertjune Kharjahrin urged the leaders of the State Government to join hands to oppose the Central Government's plan to introduce the CAB. He said that after the meeting held in Kohima, the NEFIP has decided to launch the protest against the CAB in all the states of the North East. beat the CAB in the country.
Twenty people were killed and several others injured when a KSRTC bus heading from Bengaluru to Ernakulam collided with a freight train. in Avinashi of Tamil Nadu is currently underway.
I looked at the farmers on that first day, many of them fell asleep and didn't understand what they were saying.
He admitted that these people have also been able to buy land in Ri Bhoi at Pilangkata (Ri Bhoi) and to the border areas.
The North East Congress Coordination Committee (NCC) today held a meeting at Queens Hotel Jorabat to discuss the issues of the party.
After the 2014 elections, there have been allegations against politicians and opposition parties. Initially, there were allegations that the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma is the Chairman of all. Former Lok Sabha Speaker Purno A Sangma has accused the insurgents in the state, and later there have been signs that even the Minister of State, Deborah Marak, is involved with the insurgents. the state police appealed and filed a lawsuit.
“If on our part, Bah Pyndap and I, the issues of KHNAM are sufficient and should be abolished, there is no problem,” said the KHNAM leader. Shillong: Pynursla area, for many days now, the road has been blocked.
Ma Jrup Suchiang has passed away at the age of
The SRDF police worked hard and collaborated with a group of residents of Ryngain to recover the bodies of the people in the second vehicle.
Shillong: U Himalaya Muktan Shangpliang, the new MLA of Mawsynram constituency, on Tuesday said that as he promised to the people during the election campaign, he will do the same.
They said that the AAI authorities have decided to build a Washing Ghat in this area, so that it will benefit the people living in this village to use for cleaning. , because the land that people often use for cleaning, has been taken away by the airport.
This incident which happened today has caused a lot of damage to the lives of people and it can be said that this happened only because of the poor condition of the NH-6 in Narpuh area where vehicles cannot pass. to walk safely but they have to clean and clean the potholes of this road which is very bad.
Robertjune Kharjahrin has retired from the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on 11th November 2023 after the swearing-in ceremony of the new President of the HYC. Dorbar Halls.
Tlam tied him on the forehead and after a few minutes, his head turned into that of Hanuman.
“This honor to the mother of Paul Benny is because we know that she is the mother who supported and encouraged her son until he reached this level,” said the Youth Wing leader.
The Dorbar Shnong Shella has also suggested to the MeECL department to allow the supply of electricity to Shella through a new line through Mustoh Village. to work together on this for the benefit of the people of the Shnong.
Nongpoh, June 11: The Contractor has delayed the completion of the PMGSY road in Lymphuid area on the border of Meghalaya and Assam in Mawhati. Leaders of FKJGP Mawhati Circle, today inspected the PMGSY road and found that the contractor is still completing the construction work without being able to complete it as directed by the government.
Our vote share is 27% while the UDP has 25%,” said Bah Dhar.
Regarding the implementation of MHIS-IV in private hospitals, Health Secretary Praveen Bakshi said that talks have been held to sign a MoU for the implementation of MHIS-IV. The government still has to pay another Rs 15 crore to the hospitals and this has been allocated from the state government's allocation of Rs 70 crore for the implementation of MHIS-IV in the first phase.
According to the police, the six members of the NLFT were youths who had just joined the NLFT. He surrendered to the security forces of the Border Security Force (BSF), Tripura.
“As soon as we received a complaint from the farmers, we immediately informed the officers of Umsning C&RD Block to come and inspect these areas. who have been affected by the storm and cold,” said Bah P.Makdoh.
The BSF officer said that the Commandant had gone to the area to understand and know more about the forest but he had separated from the group.
“Our struggle is a political struggle and we need to bring about a political agreement to solve the problems faced by the people. from time to time," the statement said.
Parents can also request recorded writings and explanations for readings so that students can read and write without using the internet and this also improves their concentration during lessons.
Basaiawmoit said that the visit of the MDCs of KHADC to the area to meet the people is to give peace of mind to the people that they should not be afraid to reveal the truth when they encountered or experienced violence by anyone.
Karim Khan, the chief of the International Criminal Court, has acknowledged that Ukraine is a place of genocide, with even US President Joe Biden agreeing. Russia's invasion of Ukraine.
The search for Maulana Fazlullah, who is believed to be hiding in Nuristan, which borders Pakistan, will now be at the forefront.
I believe you accept those messages (lie) because you think of someone.
The language is one of the roots of the nation and in Khasi thought it is based on three pillars of humanity – the Land, the Language and the Kur.
In another match, EGH didn't manage to tied first but due to the skill of the bowlers, EGH scored only 16 runs and lost all wickets.
We will come forward with a name in due course and this will be taken up at the next meeting," he said.
God says – That by your mercy you (to the Gentiles) will be shown mercy to them (the Israelites).
During the Enrollment Drive, many of the residents of the area as well as those who are still in the North Shillong Constituency have turned out to register their names.
In conclusion, we can say that this gossip is only now once and it will not matter much.
They left 7 miles at noon and headed straight home.
Whether schools and colleges are still in existence or have they been in existence since ancient times.
The KSU Leader said that due to discussions, the KSU has agreed not to proceed with the celebration of this day.
Besides, he expressed his regret that when the union visited the police station in Lapangap, it was very difficult because there is no accommodation, no water and no toilet.
After this, the players of Mawlai tried hard to turn the tide, and managed to score 10 goals through Arkibor Makhroh in the 90+2 minutes.
Of these, 13 households have lost electricity after the line was cut off, because they did not pay the electricity bill, by placing it on the signs of MePDCL; 8 households have stolen by placing wires on MePDCL signs, 5 households have stolen by by-passing meters and 2 (Ar) households have stolen by Many of the robbers were arrested in the evening.
The family members through their lawyer also accepted the MTC's offer and the court dismissed the case.
In a meeting with Kong RM Kurbah, these leaders from Ri Bhoi, understood that the most important need for the Screening Center, is to have an Ambulance and also to increase the number of staff. There is no Ambulance at the Screening Center and there is a shortage of staff.
According to the 1921 census, the total number of Khasi and Synteng (as mentioned in the 1921 Census) in Assam was 124,0
Shortly after, the villagers gathered and began to ask questions and there was a heated argument.
"Yes, I am," he replied in a low voice.
In response, Rangsakhona MLA Zenith Sangma said that the government wants to change this easy to answer question, because it wants to hide and does not want the youth to be happy in the country. you are looking for jam.
On the short term of the Executive Committee, which will be within one year as the elections in 2024 are coming soon, Bah Pynïaid said that it is not clear how long the Executive Committee will be able to work, but What is needed is how the Executive Committee works to take the Council to the next level.
“The Water Chakra aims to produce fertilizer and water through irrigation in India,” said Anusha Gupta, a researcher at IIT Madras.
This is just the beginning.
The Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya in November, 2018 passed a Resolution to demand the Government of India to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Baphra Schedule.
“This is just a sample showing which lasted for four days and hundreds of kilos of garbage was collected.
“The primary objective of the All India Trinamool Congress Party (AITCP) is to eradicate poverty, to educate the people to stand on their own feet, to improve income. , to implement the benefits after 100 days when the party comes to power for women and youth through the WE Card and MY Card and 10,000 tyngka to support for the I'm a farmer,” said Bah Sounder.
Ma Dibait is a resident of Loommiongwar, Jowai.
The BJP government has 28 members while the opposition has 16 members.
Samuel said this is the BJP's implementation of the RSS's idea of ​​making the whole of India Hindu.
I am one of the Jaintia people and I have seen with my own eyes that RKM has helped a lot to us Jaintia people, especially at this time of urgent need.
After the incident, he was left alone at home, where no one was looking after him, the report said.
Reena – 9497448795, Dr.Sr.
We strongly condemn this violence by these mafias against people who cooperate with the law.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that he has sought the assistance of the central government to search for the people buried inside the coal mine who have been missing for three days.
Assam Police and NDRF personnel have launched a search operation for the missing youth.
Syiem, Member of the Khasi Mothers' Association from Mawkhar, Shillong, Secretary of the Khasi Mothers' Association West Khasi Hills, Bah M.Nongrum, elderly people, parents, youth and others.
until the fullness of the Gentiles (non-Jews) come in. Then ALL ISRAEL SHALL BE SAVED, as it is written: The Deliverer shall come out of Zion (Jerusalem) and shall restore to the ungodliness of Jacob (of Israel): THIS IS MY COVENANT WITH THEM, WHEN I WILL TAKE AWAY THEIR SINS, concerning the GOSPEL THEY ARE ENEMY FOR YOU, but the Choice ( election), they are the ones who love them.
The following are foods rich in Vitamin A: Phankaro : Phankaro is rich in vitamin A and rich in fiber compared to white rice.
Speaking to one of the complainants, he said that the reason for the protest was because there was no understanding and clarification on the land ownership of the Seng Khasi in the area. pause.
Thugs is also the highest grossing film for Yash Raj's company, which was released on Diwali.
However, why did the Syiem buy this land only for the two kpoh and excluded the eight kpoh? This shows clearly that the Syiem is only looking for his own benefit and not to destroy his own kpoh. said the President, Bah Othangkhiew and Secretary, Bah M Sangkli.
If we look at the Meghalaya Scheduled Tribes and Scheduled Castes List, we see that it follows blindly the Assam Scheduled Tribes and Scheduled Castes List of Assam.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Thursday strongly condemned the decision of the Central Government to call for a cleanliness drive on Sunday, 1st March all Christians to boycott or not to participate in this program.
Shillong, Nailur 21 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong today said that the government has decided to impose a full stop on the casinos in Meghalaya. .
Meghalaya Chief Secretary Barkos Warjri raised the issue of ISIS and Ebola and said these are challenges.
The Japanese people love cherry blossoms, so I want to attend the festival held in the state,” said Suzuki.
He said that even the BJP, which is the ruling party in India, has joined the government, but it does not mean that it has joined the NPP. In 2018, the UDP won only 6 MLAs. However, in the 2023 MLA elections, it has won 11 MLAs and the party needs to win more in Sohiong constituency.
VPP MLA from North Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, said that the NPP thinks only of its own party, but does not think of the future of the youth of the jaidbynriew because it has not listened to the demands of the party. The meeting was held today with the inauguration of the President, Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit in front of the Secretariat.
Of these, most are in the Shillong Region – 89 while 68 are in the Tura Region.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Mairang Constituency, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, today requested the State Government to install a True Lab Testing Machine at Mairang CHC. Metbah has written a letter to the Commissioner and Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Sampath Kumar.
Umtham village in Ribhoi district has been one of the hosts of the Megha Kayak Fest and the IKCA Selection Trials on the 18th and 19th of this month.
The teachings and writings of Soso Tham will continue to proclaim and grow for thirty generations to come because without the lights of tomorrow, there will be no tomorrow and without tomorrow there will be no tomorrow. .
Asking the Government to consider this decision, he added that although it is necessary to respect foreigners, the Government should first respect the local people.
This was announced by the President of the group, Bah A.Sun.
In 2011, 269 cases were reported and 170 cases were completed. In 2012, 255 cases and 178 cases were completed. , in 2013 there were 343 cases and 337 cases were completed while till November 2014 there were 242 cases and till now no count has been completed.
Shillong: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (Upper Shillong Circle) has expressed its strong opposition to the Government's plan to relocate the Anjalee Petrol Pump to Upper Shillong. Animal Husbandry & Veterinary.
He also expressed his satisfaction to see that the Khasi youth have risen rapidly in sports not only in the state but also in the biggest tournaments in the country.
She is also a self-proclaimed farmer.
In Palwal, Haryana, internet and SMS were shut down for 24 hours.
The government says it will not give them other jobs.
Shillong: The NPP MP candidate for the Lok Sabha from Shillong Parliamentary constituency, Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the MP election is more difficult to predict.
In this regard, Roy said that Conrad is busy only to hold various festivals, but to pay the salaries of teachers and scholarships of students, they don't have the money.
So far, car manufacturers have told Reuters that from June to this month, 3,50,000 people have lost their jobs due to the closure of the market. since June 2019.
One of Naik's close friends, who is also an RSS leader, Deepak Dube, was killed in the accident this night.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) through its spokesperson, Dr.
Many times as spiritual Christians we have seen that they are calm and reluctant to any protests, especially those that cause racial discrimination.
He refused saying that he had no money...in which case I said; “You have money to spend for ...Bala and repair her house but you don't have money for us.
“This increase in electricity bill has been from the city to the rural areas and has affected the people to pay the electricity bill at this time of income crisis.
You are a blessing, but people, they don’t see that at all.
He said that if Bah Bawan's statement is correct, why did it take more than 14 years for Bah Charles Pyngrope from 2003 to 2017 to introduce this scheme? During the tenure of MLA Bah Jemino Mawthoh, there was a tube well in Nongrah Nonglum and this was done by private individuals who wanted to take advantage to destroy this water scheme.
On the same day, the drivers of commercial vehicles held a protest with placards to condemn and oppose these private vehicles.
"When I didn't elaborate on modern treatment options that reduce the impact on the patient's body, he added, “These treatments allow doctors to The treatment by cleaning even a small part of the body, reduces the pain and reduces the pain after cleaning and ensures that the cleaning is adequate.
“The school was initially a Lower Primary School, but over the years it has been upgraded to a Proceeding High School and a Deficit School and now it has been upgraded to a Nehru Memorial Higher Secondary School,” he said. he added.
In connection with the incident, the police have conducted a thorough investigation and according to the investigation of witnesses, the police have not found any suspicion of any suspicion. It was an accident.
The Meghalaya High Court has strongly criticized the State Government and the State Government authorities for their stinginess in taking action against the illegal coke factories and also the smuggling of coal.
The treatment center, which has been in operation since 2003 and after 19 years of journey, was inaugurated today, June 27, 2022 at a function held at 'Treatment' Plant Complex PHE'
Shillong: Meghalaya today celebrated its 50th Anniversary with a function held at the JN Stadium, Shillong.
He said that SBI has installed a passbook printing machine and has installed one at the counter in case the machine breaks down and has promised to install another one. one machine at the counter if the bank does not require it, as well as for the employees, as the bank has only one employee.
This was announced by Bindas Syiem to the media on Tuesday, July 9,
They know how to act like those leaders but they don't have any plan/no policy/no strategy even if they have been the leaders of their constituency for 10 years.
He attended John Stevens Henslow’s course in botany (the study of plants), started a collection of beetles that became famous, and read widely.
On the other hand, Bah Bindo Lanong said that these two languages ​​have been recognized by the state government as the native languages ​​of the state since
On the other hand, he said the party will contest the mid-term MDC elections if it has qualified candidates.
He said that in the past few years he has already received Rs 3 crore scheme from the NEC for the improvement of schools in the area and now he is still receiving another Rs 5 crore. will also assist in the improvement of school buildings and other facilities.
According to the SP, the traffic jam increased late at night after the end of the work of the traffic police because the drivers wanted to park their vehicles without thinking of others in need.
“To explain what kind of new policy is more difficult, it requires experts to study it thoroughly.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 22: The West Khasi Hills Women's Cricket Team has won the Inter District Women's Under-23 Cricket Tournament on the opening day of the Inter District Women's Under-23 Cricket Tournament. .
Meanwhile, officers of the department said that they are currently searching and seizing the items seized, and they are also looking into the information about the people who have been arrested. names appear in the Panama Paper from income tax payments, PAN numbers and others.
This is political.
He said that the residents of the area have built temporary shops along the roads to sell agricultural products or other items and therefore he felt it was necessary to build a shop. the perfect market to boost their income.
Bah Process said that he will continue to work hard to propose new schemes which the villages inform him as the Nongmihkhmat.
Hundreds of Bnei Menashe, who are now in Israel, have arrived in the country with the help of a group, Shavei Israel, which has decided to search for the Jewish people. those who were lost were lost from Israel.
On the same day, the Congress parties carried placards and banners, along with slogans, which strongly condemned the BJP government's intention to implement the CAB in the state. The Congress parties have held a rally to seek the support of the people to protest against the BJP government's forced implementation of the CAB. The bill has been introduced in the Lok Sabha.
On the other hand, PWD officials and police have inspected the area to take necessary action and to avoid any disruption in the traffic.
The remaining four villages are the villages that the Rangbah Shnongs of Block 2 have just named,” said Bah Tynsong.
On the same day, Mowkaiaw MLA Ma Nujorki Sungoh also inaugurated the computer lab of the school and donated T.5 lakh to the school to start computer training for the children from an early age.
The heroin was packed in about 170 soap boxes and hidden in the part of the Mahindra Thar.
Shillong is beautiful and prosperous as it is now because of the property that the French have planted, hey friend it is a shame to steal the property of others or want to be famous by knieh noh and bujli the name of the work done by others.
Sadon also strongly criticized the government for not allowing the implementation of the ILP, alleging that it is a violence and the rule of Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya. “We don't ask Mukul Sangma for a star from heaven but we ask for a law that a man can make,” he said. “If the government destroys the poor houses in Umsawli, it doesn't affect the poor,” said Bah Sadon.
Speaking to media, Captain Sumeet Puri said the team consisted of 17 motorcyclists, including three women and three assistants.
Regarding the deterioration of Government schools, the Seng leader informed the Minister of Education of the need to urgently repair Government schools, as many of these schools will no longer be suitable for use. months to come.
In another match, Khliehmynkrem beat Maitshaphrang Mowtyrshiah 3-1
Perhaps after Rangdajied took a 2-0 lead against Mawlai, Arlangky was sent off for a free kick. Rangdajied were disappointed in the remaining hours.
On 10th July last year, the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, had said that the government would complete the preparation of the census within 70 days.
The injured identified as Konestar Marbaniang, 28, of Mawkynrot, Danliroy Lyngkhoi, 32, of Lapalang and Dashisha Rani, 30, of Laitmawsiang were taken to Civil Hospital, Shillong.
He said that the government should remove a minister from another party and replace him with Bah Samlin.
• Operation Greens will be extended from Tomatoes, Onions and Potatoes (TOP) to all fruits and vegetables (TOTAL).
The Israel Defense Forces (IDF) said the area was used by Hamas and Palestinian Islamic Jihad militants to launch attacks in various areas.
The Commissioner & Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya on Thursday announced the names of the government officials who will take part in the flag raising ceremony on the occasion of Independence Day on the 15th of this month at the District Headquarters.
According to sources, the incident occurred due to bad weather conditions.
The KSU leader said that since the beginning of the meeting, there were several Dkhars including women who watched the public meeting in Ichamati. While the party was eating, a Dkhar woman came through the restaurant and shot the members of the party.
They received their ration after lodging a complaint with the Sohra Civil Sub Division authorities which launched an inquiry and found that there was a shortage of ration. the supplier of food should provide as they should receive.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Achik National Volunteer Council (ANVC) has informed Rupang that the map, which was published in this newspaper in the past few days, is no longer the map. , which is still required.
However, it was said that these Indian troops, who are still stationed in the Maldives, have been operating helicopters and aircraft supplied by India to the Maldives in the past.
Compared to the previous year, the pass percentage of students in this examination was 51.93%.
It is also learned that Khujli has three husbands, which is unprecedented in the country.
During their London performance, KISS performed some of their most popular songs, including 'Love Gun', 'Black Diamond', 'Detroit Rock City', 'Beth', 'God of Thun' der', 'I was made Loving You', 'Strutter', 'I Stole Your Love', '100,000 Years' and 'Shout it Out Loud'.
Shillong, Naitung 2: The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) in a statement sent by the Chief Organizing Secretary, Bah D Lamare, has urged the MeECL at Moowakhu Dkhiah village in West East Jaintia Hills District not to turn off the electricity supply especially in This is the time for the examination of students in all schools of East Jaintia Hills.
The Prime Minister said that in recent days, some Congress MLAs have phoned him to express their sorrow, saying that they are sorry for the actions and manner of speaking. This shows the true situation within the Congress party.
Even to see the place where they died on Mukroh Road, the bodies were covered with shock.
He said that the family is waiting for the report and if the report does not give any results, he and the family will go and tied the door of the Supreme Court, High Court or even to the National Human Rights Commission.
The group said China has 10 percent Christians or 100 million people and said the church in Hongguioo is 75 years old and has many churches. he is in China.
Russian authorities have closed several of the country's airports since Thursday after witnessing drone attacks from Ukraine.
Mancini took over on 13th July, ending his five-year tenure in charge of the team in which he has won the title. After beating England in the tie-breaker in the final, they lost out on qualifying for the 2022 World Cup in Qatar.
He said that the ILP has been implemented in four states of India and there have been many groups who have opposed the ILP in the courts and the Supreme Court. the constitution of the country allows and is sufficiently enforceable.
“The CAB was introduced by the Congress in 1947, the ban on beef was also issued by the Congress in 14 states during the tenure of Indira Gandhi as Prime Minister,” he said. said.
The General Secretary of the party, Bah Hainess Marbaniang, on Tuesday met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan to invite him and hand over a letter of invitation.
Many people who have suffered many hardships will no doubt look to bring about a change and see a new and meaningful life.
He said there are such groups in Assam as well who are fighting against the BJP, but the defeat of the NPP in Meghalaya and the NDDP in Nagaland has to be asked of Neiphui Rio and Neiphui Rio. Conrad Branch.
Ma Kyrmen Shylla said that the government and the Disaster Management Department will do their utmost to contribute to the church for the reconstruction of the church.
Sources said that the announcement was leaked on social media on 11th June this year.
The shopkeeper expressed his gratitude to Bah Banteidor for his support in this initiative and took the initiative to get assistance from the Horticulture Department of the State Government through the Mission for Integrated Development of Horticulture (MIDH) scheme.
For Diengpasoh SC, all three goals were scored by Bapynkmen Kharsati (14 min, 19 min & 39 min).
The training was conducted by the District Disaster Management Authority (DDMA).
The incidence of obesity in children is evident among those who are overly obese according to age, height and age risk.
On the other hand, the Sengbhalang leaders urged the JHADC to expedite the issuance of the NOC to the government to build a gate to protect the state from illegal entry of foreigners.
The Congress leader said it is the people to judge, because as it happens in other states, the CBI, ED and IT have sent opposition leaders to the BJP, while in West Bengal it has not. thus.
It also decided to hold another meeting with Sengbhalang leaders, religious leaders from Garo Hills and Dhubri in the presence of Deputy Commissioners of both the districts.
Three minutes later, Langsning scored another goal through Kynsaibor who managed to break the opponent's back.
He said that Mehbooba and her aides led Jammu & Kashmir because they wanted to destroy the country when Prime Minister Narendra Modi took over the rule in the state. to bring stability, peace and implementation to the repeal of Article 370 and to assist the soldiers who have not received any assistance.
The total number of cases has now reached 21 lakh, the health ministry said.
“Mama, I'll leave at two o'clock...” He waited for the owner to answer. But the owner said to him, “Biang Bahnah, you can leave before that too.
The election of the Sordar of Raid Nongshken was held today.
Because, the present society is pregnant with vice and virtuousness.
Kynshi, Nailur 29: As part of the Swachh Hita Seva or cleanliness drive sent by the Government of Narendra Modi, the SBM Mawthadraishan Block Office in collaboration with the SBM Office Eastern West Khasi Hills District has organized a cleanliness drive. Garbage Free India program by cleaning up the market and parking lot in Kynshi Mawria.
The KSU Jalaphet Unit will continue to demand that the state government should immediately remove these illegal hard coke factories in the district as well as in the district.
In Meghalaya, not a single politician/minister, engineer, officer or policeman has been arrested or punished for corruption.
Both the cases urged the District Council to resolve this issue as soon as possible without any discrimination.
The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) will hold a trial camp to select the athletes to represent the district in the 2024 Meghalaya Games.
KSU Nartiang Modop Unit together with the village authorities have expelled foreigners who came to work illegally in Nartiang area on Thursday.
Shillong: U piat is a type of jhur that we use in everything we cook and the price of piat has increased so much these days that it has surprised many market vendors to buy u piat around the country. the state.
(Age Adjusted Rate) and lowest in Osmanabad & Beed, Maharashtra at 49.4 (Age Adjusted Rate) per 100,000 inhabitants.
He recalled that a few months ago he had visited the new factory of MCCL and during the visit he had spoken to the Manager of PROMAX, the company operating the new factory. He said that the Manager had promised in front of him to produce dewbilat within 10 days, but this too has not happened as he promised.
The rally was held to condemn the criticism of the TMC leader through social media and Twitter against the traditional Khasi dress known as the jymphong. The Prime Minister of the country during his recent visit to Meghalaya.
In a statement, Nongsiej said that they have decided to work hard for the NPP. These office bearers were welcomed by Bah Clement Mawlong, who is also the District President of the HSPDP. NPP Umsning Secretary Shiningstar Warjri.
Pynursla, Jymmang 11: KSU Mawkliaw Unit and Pynursla Unit on Tuesday morning arrested a Bangladeshi suspect from Mawlam village, Pynursla which is more than 20 km from the border with Bangladesh.
The Organizing Secretary of FKJGP West Jaintia Zone Wompher Wann urged the drivers and the public to refrain from spreading plastic waste and other garbage and to fight to maintain a clean environment.
Bah Andrew said that the Dorbar Shnong will closely monitor the Government's plan regarding the land sales, which will provide a special area for them to set up shops, not just to sell. ha cat bags that are light.
Speaking on the Transit Home, Conrad said that they have seen that before 2018 there were many women who lost their lives during childbirth and after investigating the reason they found. that inadequate health facilities, then treatment and missed clinic visits are some of the main reasons.
India has strongly condemned the display of photographs of the pilot, who was wounded by Pakistan, saying it was a grossly indecent display of photographs.
The union has suggested to the DC not to allow the Syiems/Shnongs to authorize any person to take over or manage the rivers.
Speaking at a meeting in Williamnagar, NCP General Secretary SP Thapa said the GNLA should clarify the truth whether they really did take the life of Jonathone N Sangma and others.
Those who have complaints about illegal activities related to the election, please call 9233271285 or meet him face to face from 5 to 6 pm every day at Sibsingh Inspection Bungalow PWD. (Road), Nongstoin.
Speaking on Trinity Saio, who has also received the Padma Shri Award from the President of the country, the Governor said that her hard work to promote the cultivation of Shynrai lakadong has not only saved the livelihood of the farmers. farmers in this village but also promotes the farming without pesticides which is a blessing to the soil.
Kidambi Srikanth, Lakshya Sen, Priyanshu Rajawat, Mithun Manjunath and B Sai Praneeth are among the other players from the singles tournament who will have to compete hard in the selection tournament. will be long.
Earlier, the UDP had remained silent on the mid-term elections in Nongstoin. The HSPDP has not yet announced that other candidates will get tickets.
Do these 16 factories use wood, rnga or gas to burn coal? If you don't use wood or rnga, doesn't the forest be destroyed? 5.
Tbn Bah Olando Kongwang (65) is one of the prominent herbalists of Ri Khasi Jaintia in the past 20 years and his treatment has helped to improve the quality of life. and many kinds of sicknesses.
Explaining on the accusation of being a weak leader, Conrad said, “I would like to explain to those who are worried, there is a difference between weak and strong.
The Chief Guest congratulated the Seng Rangbah Mawlai Parish for organizing this tournament.
At this meeting, the Seng did not even have a sha, but the people sat quietly from 1 pm to 4 pm.
Siangkhnai SC won the title by beating Umsawwar SC 5-3 goals in the tie-breaker. Mawjatap S&CC has organized this tournament to promote the youth and the football industry in the area.
Redeem Tlang, who is also a current player of NorthEast FC, will play against his former club Lajong and it will be an opportunity for the youngsters of Lajong to play against The Indian Super League (ISL) has featured in the tournament.
Another tourist vehicle escaped being hit by stones and the occupants sustained minor injuries and were taken to a nearby hospital.
Indeed, it is a great loss not only to the UDP party but to the state as a whole, because it is closer to getting a person like Dr. Don.
The fire has caused a huge loss to the residents of the market who earn their living every day as their goods, vegetables and fruits have been destroyed by the fire. ding.
Such as attacks against civilians by Muslim terrorist groups.
“Regarding the participation of the Adhoc teachers in the strike, Samla Mayborn said, “Until now, the School Managing Committee has not received any complaint against the strike. It is also the time when many schools have been closed.
Therefore, just to provide for the needs of his children, family and body, he had to work day and night to cut trees and stones,” said Babu Birbor.
To say that it will affect the party in the elections is not because it depends on the people and we will see in the elections maybe it will be better because we mean the best.
“Therefore, the BJP should reject these unfounded allegations because they only know how to make allegations without being able to bring the issues to the committee and these actions will inevitably turn against the BJP itself.
The difference is that the sale of players is at a high price while in politics it is at a high price and it is always without anyone knowing.
Enough of this advice.
Shillong, March 19: Border Guard Force (BPF) last night seized 218 cows from Mawkyrnot, Phlangtyngur, Pynursla.
Khliehriat: The Electoral Registration Officer of the 5th Sutnga Saipung Constituency and the Electoral Registration Officer of the 6th Khliehriat Constituency, East Jaintia Hills District, have released the names of the voters. The electoral roll was updated according to the Registration of the Electoral Roll of
The JSU believes that Jaintia Hills deserves to be the capital of the state as it generates a lot of revenue for the state through its natural resources including coal and mining. , dewbilat factories, but as it is, we have not seen such a steady growth compared to other places.
The Government doesn’t do anything or say anything here either.
He was the youngest Rangbah Shnong in Laitumkhrah, an advisor to the Laitumkhrah Youth Wing and the Women's Wing.
At the same time, all those who come from outside the village and from within the village are requested to use only the khwai and obey the rules of the village.
Health Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said in a tweet that nine people have died of covid-19 so far.
“No person shall erect temporary or temporary buildings in these places or on the roads, if any, without the permission of the relevant authorities.
Congress MLA from Mawlai PT Sawkmie and MLA from West Shillong Mohendro Rapsang have been appointed as Co-Chairmen of the MNREDA.
Most of the employees of the Raj Bhavan signed the petition without knowing that it was a complaint against the Governor.
In the past few days, it was reported that Rashmi Thackeray, wife of Uddhav Thackeray, had started the issue by talking to her sisters to find their husbands. They should talk to their husbands, return to Mumbai and reach an agreement to form the Shiv Sena government.
The soil is porous and evaporation of water from the soil sources causes evaporation.
Finally, the Dorbar Shnong Sohmynting invites all the brothers and sisters who have responsibility for the bright future of the villages and townships of the country to come forward and unite with one voice to win. Author: Lephing Pyrtuh and Ling Pyrtuh.
Thousands of football fans from the state have come to witness the biggest football tournament in the country which has returned after four years in Shillong.
As far as information is available, it is interesting that among these tribes, some have changed their names back to the original name of the Lamin tribe, which is the new name they know where they came from.
After the end of Christmas, the market has become quiet and crowded as there are not many people who come to visit the market, although the government has not removed these decorations.
Speaking to reporters at his office at the Mylliem Hima office, Minister K.langstieh, who was accompanied by Minister Midnight Kharlukhi, said that the time is too short to distribute information to the people. He urged the people to take this news as an invitation to rally on the 12th at Motphran.
Umrynjah Women's Wing received 5000 tyngka each, 10 SHGs received 5000 tyngka each, which he fulfilled his promise and Umrynjah Village received tyrpal and tops. synthetic.
The total number of cases has risen to 591 and the death toll has risen to 1,6
Wadajied Kynsai Ryngkhlem won the Best Player award, Lasten Laloo won the Best Goalkeeper award and Heimonmi Dkhar won the Top Scorer award. Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar said that 60 villages in Nartiang Constituency have participated in the tournament and 1500 players have participated.
HYC Vice President Michal Chyrmang said, “Don't think only one way but think like adults who have responsibility for the society in all aspects so that your demands will not affect others and will benefit everyone. .
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah PN Syiem, first of all, congratulated the MDC and the village leaders, who have taken the initiative and have the intention to improve the income in the areas. through this Khappuud Market.
Please look after us who use the roads.
The Meghalaya Lokayukta Act 2914 was passed by the Governor on 26th October, 2014 and passed by the Legislative Assembly.
He has worked for 10 years on various ADB projects in the state as well as in Assam.
Many of these were killed because they published reports against corruption and lawlessness by those in power and the rich.
Shillong: The Ri Bhoi District Sports Association (RISA) has invited clubs, schools, academies and individuals to take part in the Baby League-2
“Of course, the area is grateful to the contractor for repairing the road from Kynroh to Jaidoh last year, and has already started laying stone from Mawkaton to Mawsnarih, but the people have requested. From Kynroh to Jaidoh and from Mynni Mawbri to Mawshongkhyndew, the market has been badly damaged and has caused problems to those who go to Markasa, Shillong and Nongstoin markets as well,” said the statement. He said that the HYC Lai Lyngdoh Area Unit requests and demands that the contractor should continue the work because the time is enough to complete the work now except for the rainy season. If you don't complete the road, you will not be allowed because the Seng has seen the suffering of the people who go to Shillong to get medicine. Mawski, Nongklung, Mynni Mawbri, Mawkynrum and other places where people go to market in Markasa.
For women's football, the federation has already selected the players who are qualified to participate in the tournaments in the district.
Speaking on the challenges faced by the recruitment in various government departments, the Minister said, “We have divided the recruitment for the education and health departments, which has made it easier. the way it works.
The Economic Offenses Wing (EOW) of the Mumbai Police said that the loan of the bank management amounted to Rs 4,355.46 crore.
When asked about the threat of Bah Bindo M Lanong to form a new political party, Bah Metbah said that he does not want to say anything because what Bah Bindo says he sees only through the media. newspaper but could not be reached for comment on the matter.
He also urged the public to be ready to observe safety measures for themselves and others as well.
The CBI team, with the assistance of Manipur Police and Army troops, recovered a Bolero in which the four men were riding. Leave for Henglep Subdivision at noon.
On the other hand, Bah Riborskhem, brother-in-law of Roning Nongkynrih, who is the driver of the truck, said that on the 5th of this month at 11 pm, they went to the bill to steal the truck. I'm going to Laitlyngkot to bring it home.
On the government's decision to ban the internet; “One thing I have seen is that the internet blockade is to curb false information.
“Ah! I don't know what I'll see for more than a hundred years,” said my beloved mother.
The tournament will be held in all districts of Meghalaya and the final will be held in Shillong.
After the Holy Mass, the graves of the faithful of the Church were blessed by the priests who took part in the Holy Mass and the service was concluded with the blessing of Rev.Fr John Madur.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma on Tuesday attended a meeting of Deputy Commissioners and Sub-Divisional Officers (Civil) held at Shillong, in the presence of the Minister of State, Bah Kyrmen Shylla.
Soy sauce contains only about 5 calories.
Many of these families are no longer in the village and some of them are still there, said the Rangbah Shnong, P Siangshai.
Let their eyes be blind, that they may see with their eyes, and hear with their ears.
This article appeared in the online news on 28/10/2
AMSPA does not want schools to use education as a means of commerce.
“Therefore, the two Governments should also look at the history and not just get involved in sorcery,” the Forum said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 6: The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the party's senior office bearers and four MDCs of the KHADC have decided to study the political situation. Speaking after the meeting, Bah Paul said that the senior office bearers and MDCs will take a final decision whether to continue to cooperate with the KHADC. He said that the UDP Parliamentary Party Leader in KHADC, Bah Remington Pyngrope, will submit a report on the situation in KHADC to the party leaders.
Secretary Romi Dkhar, Treasurer Manti Dkhar and Neiniwan Dkhar, Adviser Thiangmon Dkhar and members including Kyrshan Dkhar, Yukless Dkhar, Pretty Dkhar, Joplangki Dkhar and These office bearers and members were sworn in by Bah Harwis Dkhar, President of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar Central Body.
She said that this is the second time that they have conducted a survey of children suffering from anemia and the first was in Shillong and this survey will continue in other districts of the state.
Cairo, November 28: Heavy riots have broken out in Cairo today after the military attacked and clashed with supporters of former Egyptian President Moon Jae-in. Mohammed Morsi today.
The improvement of tourist attractions should not be done once and for all but should be maintained and improved according to the needs and demands of the time.
Compared to other nations in the world, we can also say or prove that the Khasi people are still a nation that knows man and knows God, because in this state where the Khasi people live, there is still almost no There are no murders or crimes that have affected the peace and order of the people, because many of the Khasi still have that fear of God and that they still hold on to the morality and dignity of the people. the right is according to the law.
Two prisoners who were convicted by the court were released from Jowai Civil Hospital, Ialong on Tuesday morning.
One day Jesus goes into the home of Martha and Mary.
Shillong: The Harijan Panchayat Committee (KPC) has given nine days to the Shillong Municipal Board to withdraw a letter sent to the residents of Them Metor. Appeal to the Meghalaya Court.
This time, Kynjatshai has come to this place to find out and disseminate to you the story of the Mawbynna farm in Nartiang.
“I think they wanted to put the KSU on condition but there are foreigners from here who insist that there should be nothing about the KSU in order to be accused.
The opening ceremony was attended by the CEM of KHADC, Bah Lamphrang Blah, Chairman of KHADC, other EMs including Bah Teibor Pathaw, Victor Rani, Grace Kharpuri, Balajied Rani, MDC Nongpoh and others.
Hek stopped himself after seeing the incident in Delhi in the past few days to provide assistance while he was on his way to meet Smriti Irani, Minister of State for Home Affairs. India; However, on the way, he saw that the vehicle in front of him had overturned and he helped with his staff to provide assistance.
Speaking to reporters, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem said that the Rs 200 crore includes the Tied and the United Grant through the Fifteenth Finance Commission.
Police have arrested the suspects and registered a case and the investigation is ongoing.
Bah Edira said that in the past, the Hima in terms of khadar rule was run jointly by the Syiem and the Dorbar, but in this age it has become very confusing. The Khadar system is ruled by the Syiem alone and this is in contrast to the customs and traditions of the ancestors.
Many farmers have praised the use of Bordeaux Mixture and requested for such assistance in the coming days.
The recruitment quota shall be calculated according to the Cadre Strength, or the number of posts to be filled in one recruitment year.
“Tirot Singh was a great man of the Khasi people, he made a great contribution to the independence struggle of India against the foreign rule,” said Meghwal.
With participation from 125 countries in 10 sessions over two days, the program provided a platform for participants to discuss the concerns, ideas, challenges and priorities of the countries they are still rising.
Shillong, Lber 24: The HSPDP Mawkyrwat area would like to clarify that the news that appeared in the past few days that “Bah EK Raswai is the HSPDP candidate for Mawkyrwat in 2018” is false. wrong and untrue.
Iengskhem Khyriem has been arrested by the police and is currently in police custody. The investigation is ongoing to arrest other friends of his who have escaped.
Pynshai Chullet scored three goals for Royal in the 5th and 14th minutes and Marsanki Suchiang in the 44th minute.
He said that it is necessary to support the Revival Schools which are already in the churches and to strengthen them in order to bring about economic development and change in the state.
He said that the government has also decided that the government can allocate funds only for the first round, but for the next round of participation the expenses will be covered. The expenses shall be funded by the Central Government or by the groups that convene the meetings.
Jesus the bridegroom will come again and we do not know when he will come.
Speaking to media, Ayushman Chaudhary, co-founder of the company, said that the company can deliver these drinks at the price set by anyone. brands and the shipping fee will be 50 tyngka and the public can order only 3 bottles by calling 9863043930 or whatsapp on this number, and at the same time, these will be delivered. goods only if the buyer has a valid proof that he is 21 years of age or older.
On the petition filed by Bah Pynshngain Syiem against the bill passed by the Legislative Assembly, Bah Rowel said that no discussion has been held in the party.
With this victory, TRAU has moved up to the top of the table with 23 points.
Therefore, only those people who have this goal, very few, I can say yes but not for many who came only to loot because many of them came only to loot (the State).
Shillong, Nailur, 21: Meghalaya Police, on the 20th of this month, received a tip from a Tata Sumo driver about a pla was left inside his Tata Sumo by the two occupants.
Shillong: The Riwar Mihngi area has been in darkness tonight due to a transformer failure of MeECL. The fire broke out from Laitkynsew, below Laitlyngkot to Nongjri in the west and Umsyiem in the east of Pynursla Civil Sub Division.
Expressing his confidence in the party's victory in the Assembly elections in Mizoram, the Chief Minister and President of the Mizo National Front (MNF) Zoramthanga said: that the MNF will be able to govern and serve the state for the next five years in a new manner.
At a press conference recently, the Minister of Tourism, Paul Lyngdoh said, “There will be up to 30,000 visitors per day which means that on the last day of this festival, we will have up to ten lakh visitors.
The meeting, which was held on the 25th of this month, also decided to ban the entry of foreigners into the area.
He said he would bring traditional arts and music to Czechoslovakia this year at the Northeast India Festival.
The border area of ​​Ri Bhoi District has an area of ​​147.83 sq. km.
MLAs and other party leaders will also take part.
“The poor people who have already submitted their Aadhar numbers to banks believe that their Aadhar numbers have already been linked to their bank accounts.
● Anyone who enters the village for emergency purposes must obtain permission from the Rangbah Shnong or the Secretary Shnong.
He said that in developed countries like Europe, many people no longer use nar pipes, but they have used these pipes, because it helps the water to flow smoothly and light also from the filth.
In 1881, Babu Hari Charan Roy passed the entrance examination.
“Shillong is indeed a place where many people love football.
