Rohit Shah scored 14 runs and Jaskirat Singh Sachdeva 11 not out.
From the 11th Umsning Constituency, the candidates include Bah Jason Sawkmie Mawlong of the National People's Party (NPP).
Shillong, Naitung 31: Former Vice President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Bah Frederick Kharmawphlang has returned home after joining the HNLC for 10 and a half years. At a time of intense protests for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in the state.
After the victory, Zhang will meet with Thiago Agustin Tirante; who was able to defeat Botic van de Zandschulp.
Speaking to several residents at Sohra police station, many of the residents said that the incident in Ichamati is the first time that foreigners have really dared to show force inside the village.
The union has clarified that the teachers appointed before 3rd November 2001, do not have the right to continue fighting for the D.El.
The NPP and its allies have been in power since 2018, what have they done to create jobs for our youth? It would have been better for this writer to ask the government or the party he supports.
On another issue, it was reported that the relatives of Junmoni Rabha alleged that there was something behind the scenes that caused the death of Junmoni.
Anton Gerashchenko, an adviser to Kyiv's interior ministry, said the explosion was so violent that the ship, which was sailing in the Black Sea, sank. , just in minutes.
Donbok said that some women have asked him, “Why should only Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit be arrested but it is also the life and death of their children to come out.
In 2012, the then Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma created 100 districts in the state, which has stirred up critics against him.
He said that T.50 lakh has been allocated for the beautification and improvement of the site and the work will start soon.
From raising or caring for them at home to using them in sports, providing services, it plays an important role in the life of the person with whom they live together.
The seriously injured were taken to Civil Hospital Nongstoin and Markasa PHC. Some of the seriously injured were rushed to Shillong.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 4: The FKJGP Langpih Area, has strongly criticized the Assam Police, for coming to reinforce the area and forcibly suspending the Umthli Water Scheme implemented in Umthli village, which falls under the area. .
He said that even though we have been in Meghalaya for more than 51 years, we have never converted anyone to Hinduism.
On the other hand, John F Kharshiing, Working President and Finely L Pariat, General Secretary, MSOA said that after the Sports Policy was issued, it was necessary to invite the athletes who have led the sports policy. from India to discuss how to implement the sports policy to get their views on the preparation for the National Games and because the Meghalaya Sports Policy 2019 has been announced promises that the leading athletes from India International Athletes) will receive sports pension, benefit through a reservation policy of 15% in police, home guards and 10% in other Government jobs.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Titos Chyne said that the purpose of this raid is to ensure that foreign shops have a license to trade because you cannot carry a gun without a license or a driver cannot drive a vehicle. car without license.
The unidentified man is about 5 feet tall, slim, has a small beard and a blue “Sword” tattoo on his right hand.
The marriage scheme for girls who have reached the age of 18 years and above has been implemented in all districts of the state and the forms for those who are eligible for the benefits through the scheme can be obtained from the offices of all districts as well as from the offices of the Child Development Project in all blocks.
He said that the cremation of the body of the man was completed at 12:00 pm and the body was not brought up because it was dead.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle as part of the campaign to encourage these government employees who work day and night to check and screen the drivers or people who enter the country, leaders from President Ma KS Suchiang , Vice President Ma Phanuel Tongper, General Secretary Sanatomba Bamon and several members of the committee visited the scene.
Animesh Jain said that the company has employed about 300 youths and will employ about 1,000 youths in the next 12 months.
Shillong, Naitung 19: U Bah Sadon K.Blah, the HNLC appointed as the ksiang in the peace talks with the Government, today said that the Government has agreed to allow the HNLC leaders to safe passage to participate in peace talks with the central and state governments.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Minister of State, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, expressed his satisfaction with the development of agriculture in the district. The Farmers Union will assist the farmers in the state, in which the Union will guide the farmers in the marketing of their produce, he said. He encouraged the farmers to achieve the goal of self-sufficiency and at the same time to be able to export their produce abroad. The farmers who attended the program and urged the farmers to listen to the speeches of the leaders and government officials for the benefit of them so that they can improve their agriculture. “I believe that with the cooperation of the government officials, the agriculture sector will increase and the income of the farmers will be increased,” said Bah Kyrmen Shylla.
“What surprises us most is that these foreigners don't know where they are going and they don't even know who sent them and we don't understand their speech,” he said.
Hurdles CC needed only five overs to tie for 52 runs and lost only one.
“As we have seen here clearly there was nothing wrong.
The ministers were sworn in by President Pranab Mukherjee at Rashtrapati Bhavan in the presence of Vice President Hamid Ansari, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Congress leader Sonia Gandhi.
“I am pleased to see that the buildings at the Courtyard Marriott Hotel are beautiful and I am confident that in a few days the hotel will be opened for the accommodation of tourists. the state” said the Prime Minister.
Jahouh scored in the 70th minute and the last game for the club, which he scored from the penalty spot for a 3-1 win over Jamshedpur FC and to They will finish second in the group stage of the AFC Champions League 2023-2
"Because of poverty we came to Meghalaya to work as coal miners," said Sultan, who received the bodies and other relatives of the deceased at Khliehriat CHC. who died in this incident.
These things show that the Khasi people will soon be slaves in their own country.
Furthermore, the Chairman of the Union, Kitbor Suting urged the KHADC and the Hima Mylliem to preserve the customs and traditions of the Khasi people. (Customary Practice) by the Longshuwa ki Manshuwa and they should not allow the Garo to become Rangbah Shnong because this is against the Constitution of the Shnong which only the children of thousands should be able to hold. the rank of Rangbah Shnong and not the raiot, he added.
When a leader is speaking, he should not be interrupted or allowed to speak.
The income of the state is in a poor state, but some of the lucky people in the state have become rich.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: Leaders of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nongthymmai Circle have stopped the verification of the names of the voters on the Electoral Roll at Them Basuk or Happy Valley.
“School children are the future and heirs of the nation, therefore, education is required so that they can lead the nation,” said Bah Metbah in a statement to the students. school today.
Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni, said that the party does not ban or oppose any person who enters the state, whether it is a tourist or a businessman, but the party opposes only those who enter the state. beain without documents.
By taking the word HEALTHY, he intends to improve especially in some of the most important areas in the state.
We find out why the broken medicines cannot be delivered to the CHCs, PHCs and Sub-Centres.
Alexander Zverev has now won for the fourth time in four games against Lloyd Harris of South Africa 7-6 (8/6), 7-6 (7/0), 6-1 Andrea Vavassori saved three goals to beat Serbia's Miomir Kecmanovic 5-7, 2-6, 7-6 (10/8), 7-6 (7/3), 7-6 (11/9).
“All the people know that under this PMGAY scheme they will get 5 kilos per head of rice and 1 kg of dai per household for the month of April, but the distribution is slow and “We don't get the rice according to the government's budget,” said Showtheway Pakma.
The meeting concluded with the burning of the effigies of Narendra Modi, Amit Shah and Agarha Sangma.
Shillong, June 28: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on Thursday attended the National Seminar on “Representation of Women in Multi-Disciplinary Discourse” held at Don Bosco College. , Now.
To tip the word.
“We must understand that the decision of the Supreme Court is in relation to the law, but if there is still an opportunity, the government will seek to release the laws of the central government through a Presidential Notification,” he said. .
Likewise, Bah Deng, after leaving work, went straight to Baieid's house.
In this regard, the Party would like to express its gratitude to all those who have taken part in this struggle of the Hynniewtrep people led by the Party,” said Dr Batskhem.
The water level rose to 3167.90 till Sunday evening.
On Tuesday, the High Court of the state issued a detailed judgment saying that the process of eviction of Harijans has been too slow and delayed.
The merchants who buy together rob the farmers.
Ardent also thanked the residents of Kynton u Mon for their support to him in the last election, and said that the four VPP MLAs will sit again in the Liang. They will not cooperate with the party which has deceived the people in the past five years.
On my part, Bah Banshai Marbaniang who is a volunteer in his own state through this area, when I saw this incident I had the opportunity to meet with some of the employees of MCAB Mawsynram Branch to inform them and on their behalf. They also expressed and accepted this incident due to the lack of employees and many customers.
Sangma, Moon-star Nongsiej, Wanteilang Malngiang, Bah Jeffery Warlarpih (Coach) and Beneslaus (Manager).
Regarding the public announcement, the office of the Deputy Commissioner in Ri Bhoi District, has put in place measures to ensure that the public does not pay taxes. When going to buy something from the shops, they should not just gather lymbung or khohreh, but they should stand away from the crowd, to prevent the spread of Corona Virus (COVID-19).
He said that he cannot say anything at present, as he is only the Chairman of the HLC and today we have completed the report, in which the Chief Minister will review this report and will submit it for discussion at the Cabinet meeting.
On the occasion, CB Syiem, Incharge of Ri Bhoi District, Dr. Everist Myrsing, State Vice President who is also the candidate from Mawhati Constituency along with other party office bearers.
All these two independent MDCs have now joined the HSPDP party which has no foundation in the KHADC and which has no 3 MDCs, the total number of MDCs has risen to
All the unemployed youth and student organizations took part in the protest,” said the PCC chief. yesterday and in Adilabad on 26th June," he added.
Now no one wants to die, wants to enjoy this world but woe to those who do not repent because they will seek death in those days, that they will not find the word of God.
To become public leaders who have the ability to serve the people and who have the voice to speak and advocate for the legislators of the state , no matter whether they belong to any political party , leaders who are intelligent and skilled don't have your own price.
On the other hand, Bah Offerland Jyrwa, President of the union, said that if the government does not stop the construction of shops in this crowded area which is a parking lot, the union will not hesitate to leave. the court to get a decision on this.
Speaking to media, Bah Samlin said that if the central government sends the money soon, it will be possible to complete the construction of the pipes within a year. I'm from Shillong.
There are also 4 people who know how to give herbal medicines for bsein, dait ksew, counting kjat, burns, cow dung or other diseases of animals.
“Even the USA started its independence struggle with only 50 visionaries until it became the greatest and most powerful country in the world,” he said.
“It is through such competitions whether in any other field that encourage the youth to work hard that they can reach their goals,” he said.
When they started the protest which lasted for four or five days, weren't we the people who sent letters, articles, voices and voices in the media and on the internet for the same reason? that we don't have the opportunity to earn a living, to pay for our children's education? aren’t we the ones who stop the strikes? Have we not found support? Isn't it true that we are defeating such leaders who don't listen to the voice of us the people? They have sacrificed their lives even to the point of death and many have been arrested, beaten, tied and threatened by government officials.
On the other hand, Bah Hercules Suting, said that the union cannot accept the statement of the Dean of CAU and strongly condemns it, because according to the statement of the four suspended persons, There is no evidence that there is any alcohol in the area, but they have been replaced by the Dean who has just arrived in the area.
NPP leader James Sangma, who attended the first meeting, did not attend the meeting, but sent others.
He said that there are other midwives who have received training from doctors and who have been recognized by the government as midwives, but giving birth in hospitals is more important and beneficial. for them.
The collapse of the bridge is due to the overloading of trucks passing through the bridge 24 hours a day, although the government has allowed to carry only 40 MT and to pass one truck at a time. They have also deployed police to investigate.
It is alleged that the Manager has been involved in the harassment of women and children working in the company and also alleged that he has employed young children who have not yet reached the age of employment. banned by the government.
The decision to take over the post of KHNAM MDC James Ban Basaiawmoit, who holds the labor department on a voluntary basis, has announced that he has resigned. Morningstar Mawsor was nominated to replace him by Morningstar Mawsor to lead the HSPDP and until now the struggle for the seat in KHADC has been quiet.
Some of the residents of Nongkhlieh Elaka said that the residents of Sutnga Elaka have been forcibly occupying their land just to mine coal since 2011 and destroyed all their crops in the area. These places are not counted among the trees or shrubs.
Therefore, you have to use the promotional code “VOTENOW” on the Rapido app, and this will enable voters in the city to ride these vehicles free of charge on polling day and everyone will have the right to vote. to be able to vote without worrying about money.
When asked why she had a diary and a mobile phone in her hand, the doctor did not call her relatives. The doctor replied that he had tried to call several numbers but no one answered the phone, so he called the police to take her to Guahati Medical College Hospital (GMCH). care.
U Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, said, “The construction of the new Legislative Assembly at Mawdiangdiang, which was inaugurated by the former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Dongkupar Roy. The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government came to power in 2018 after a long period of silence.
Surprisingly, the struggle for an independent state is on the issue of language.
"Mother, I'm ready to do that," said the mother. "I'm ready to do that," said the son with a happy face. you are my mother.
“The best thing is to unite only in one Seng Riewlum,” he said in the letter.
It is learned that while these policemen were returning with vehicles carrying jhur from Assam, a petrol bomb exploded and a stone was thrown at the Gypsy of the police, Mawlyndep. Ri Bhoi District.
After that, immediately the union together with the family members we searched and it was at 2.18 minutes in the afternoon that we received information that his vehicle was driven by other people according to the search. and witnesses from the toll gate at Lumshnong, East Jaintia Hills District and found that the vehicle had fallen down,” said Bah John Lyngdoh.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: The Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya, Shillong, today announced the appointment of the Meghalaya State Judicial Academy with the Chief Justice as Patron-in-Chief, Justice SR Sen as Justice- in-Charge of the Judicial Academy.
The Mizo National Front (MNF) has 35 candidates, the Congress 33 and the BJP 17 candidates.
Why doesn't the State Government want such a railway, when it has already reached Garo Hills without any construction? For the Khasi-Jaintia region, it will not bring any benefit, except to the Shikham-Arkham, the Marwari traders and the Marwari Khasi-Pnar, who think only of the present. beit you die suda.
The following are active cases across the state:.
The registration of voters for the first time has also progressed in all districts.
Dr Mukul did not comment on the GNLA's demand to release Champion if called for talks.
The new Committee has looked into the Bill 2018 and has amended and amended the above, so that it can get the approval of the Governor. state.
There is no other heavy and difficult task than to take care of the body.
Ask God once again in the past to stop this current plague in the world, by humiliating yourself before Him, says the Word of God.
According to a report received by Mawphor, it is understood that the number of government departments in the district is still very low and there are more than 100 government departments which do not exist or have not yet been able to do so. The lack of fully functioning government departments has caused a lot of problems to the people of the district.
Of these nine weighbridges, the investigation found that in the case of the weighbridge at Majai, East Khasi Hills, the gatekeeper did not apply for a license for the renewal/extension of his license until the date of the investigation (July, 2022) although the license expired on March 27,
Mawlynnong, November 17: The Ministry of Tourism, GoI (NE) on Saturday (16th November) held the second Mawlynnong Marathon. This is what you know about the Mawlynnong Run Safari.
He started his tree planting business when he was 14 years old and the reason why he started planting trees was after he saw the death of hundreds of bsein in the time of the flood.
These vacancies are Laban left by Sanbor Shullai (NCP), Sohiong left by HDR Lyngdoh (Congress), Mairang left by HDR Lyngdoh (UDP), Mawthadraishan left by H Brolding Nongsiej (UDP), Nongkrem left by Ardent M Basaiawmoit. Shillong, Oct 09: The Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya in charge of education has been elected from KHADC and Stephanson Mukhim (Ind) from Amlarem. Dr RC Laloo said the government has no intention of upgrading Shillong Poly Technic to Shillong Engineering College but has an intention to strengthen it in many areas.
Another reason, he said, is because people don't know how to speak Sohra. “It's because they don't know how to speak Sohra. It is time for the people of Sohra to lodge an FIR against those people who don't know how to speak Sohra. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Disparsing Rani.
It was also decided to hold the tournament in Kokrajhar, the new capital, to promote the tournament in Assam, the largest state in the North East.
If Meghalaya really wants to have intelligent, intelligent and politically experienced leaders, it should reject those who come with money and if they accept, they should decide. understanding or by thinking 100 times for the future of the state and the inheritance of our children.
Shah said the Bru-Reang Agreement is very important.
NPP MP Agatha A Sangma has won the Tura parliamentary seat while Congress leader Vincent H Pala has won the seat from Shillong.
Mobile phone users will be fined T.1,000 – T.5,000 from T.1,0
It is said that there should be an exact office along with the address.
Regarding the football ground, Bah Rympei said that according to the agreement, the MCA will provide for the construction of the ground, as well as the planting of trees, the erection of goals. take it further down with the basketball court.
All the teachers said that while the government is silent, they will not hesitate to continue the strike and until then they will get the fruits of victory.
“If our President demands the removal of James PK Sangma from the Electricity Department, we will all agree, but what is needed is to talk to the President of the party,” he said.
Don't misunderstand that if there is a great war, it is not Armageddon.
Speaking on the occasion, the UCPF leaders said that the meeting was only for those leaders from the UCPF units in different villages in the Umsning Constituency.
He said the department has completed the feasibility report and is currently preparing the Detailed Project Report (DPR).
Ms Isawanda said that at present, there will be 900 seats in the buses operated by STEMS, and the route will be arranged after the registration.
“Ka seng warns that they should not treat the land of the Khasi as land,” he said, adding that the party and the Raid Nongtung leaders will meet the Prime Minister soon on this issue. demanded the establishment of Police Outposts in Umtlieh and Umlaper for the protection and safety of the people.
The first is that the British Government did not hesitate to name the raijbah in that case, without taking into account the temperament of the people.
Expressing confidence that the UDP will lead the new government, Dr War said, “The UDP wave from today you will see will be more.
Meghalaya will play against Chhattisgarh in the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy today in Jaipur.
The hearing on these issues and case will resume on January 8, 2023.
Ryan Reynolds, who did not attend the Met Gala, said he would rather go by bus with the Wrexham FC players than go to the Met Gala. the Met Gala nothing would impress him.
Shillong, July 04: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has charged the Minister of State for Education, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, who was the Minister of State for Education in 2008- 09 and also the incumbent Additional Chief Secretary, Bah PS Thangkhiew who held the department this year on charges of involvement in the cancellation of the marks of the candidates for the post of Assistant Teacher in the LP. Government Schools in 2008-0
At the same time, he announced the initiative taken by the members of the BSF to come forward to donate blood voluntarily in order to help serve the people and protect them. border area of ​​the country.
According to Bah Sutnga, the state government's directive will encourage foreigners to come to the state.
The authorities should send police teams to those areas where there is danger and not to those areas where there is peace, he said.
However, in the second innings, the score was 24/0, in which Tura managed to score 179 runs and all the batsmen were dismissed.
All these three persons are from Namdong-B village. When searching the vehicle, a live Rbai (Pangolin) and 1.20 kg of snep were found from the vehicle of these three persons.
Marbaniang said the Board has received the support of the district authorities and the police to patrol at all the examination centers in all 11 districts to ensure that no incident occurs. .
Furthermore, he said that it is through the two organizations that have been appointed to transport milk to different parts of Shillong and outside Shillong.
Repentance is not just a matter of joining a church or being a member of that church.
Towards the end the opposition could not convert and suffered a defeat.
It is surprising to see that the government has asked for clarification on the playing of this song at the Government Girls' Higher Secondary School Jowai on the 5th November 2023 (Teachers' Day) but has not done anything for other schools.
This has caused the people to remain in confusion even to preach to the supporters.
Oh I am appalled if Pastors would base themselves on a letter of resignation or a letter of release, it means they have honored the law, when it is against the precious Words of the Almighty Saviour.
In addition, many prizes were awarded from Calcutta and Bangalore.
There have been 49 new cases of Covid-19 in Tripura, bringing the total number of cases to
Speaking to the protesters, NGEA President Brithin M Sangma said that they are ready to talk if they are called by the GHADC authorities to discuss the salary.
Wilhelmon Shylla, ADPM, DPMU (CLLMP) Khliehriat who was the resource person on this occasion, spoke on the topic of “Entrepreneurship”. not to rely solely on government jobs, but to establish self-employment, and to look at what kinds of jobs should be established according to the areas or places, or according to the markets.
He said that Christmas brings a message of love, joy, hope, peace and mutual respect and more specially is to have compassion for people in need.
After inspecting the site, the KSU leaders also met with Dr. UK Behera, Dean of Kyrdem Kulai and Central Agricultural University, CGPS ​​Campus Umiam. look for more clarification on the topic.
Residents of Umsarang Village, including Victor Jyrwa, Banker Nongkynrih, Secretary Village and Yanti Shampru, President of the Senglongkmie, said that Pynthor Sohma is not yet a village as it was claimed by them. Pynthor Sohma is only the Kyntoit or Dong of Umsarang.
The opening ceremony of the championship was attended by Dr. E. Kharkongor – Principal, Shillong College, Bah Andrew A. Jyrwa – Rangbah Shnong of Laitumkhrah and PS Nongkynrih.
He is a beautifully dressed man when he goes out, he doesn't wear mascara and when he looks like an office worker.
DKJGP led by Chairman Bah Rocky Kylla, accompanied by several Rangbah Shnongs, FKJGP led by President Bah Eddie G Kharbani and others. Members of the organization visited Sohnidan village, where they were able to distribute up to 46 byrni of rice for those families who were severely affected.
The college is built on a beautiful hill of Patharkhmah village and it is also interesting to see that besides the college, two hostels have been built for the students.
The candidates for the post of Assistant General Secretary include James Hitler Mawphniang, Reuben A Najiar, Shelkitbok Kharbani and Eddie Malngiang.
¢Do not turn on electrical appliances such as geysers, heaters, washing machines in the house without anyone present.
Prestone said the leaders of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) have sent a letter to the government saying that they do not accept the blueprint proposed by the government.
This has caused a great loss to the people because when the news was false, it became a false news.
Do you remember what the president of Shillong said when he came to Shillong?
They are few and they should not harass the Gorkhas and I appeal to the Khasi Students' Union and the Government of Meghalaya to work together and unite our country”.
“The registration of Aadhar number will be from children 5 years and above but those under 18 years who do not have voter ID cards can bring driving license, ration cards of parents and other documents. which are acceptable," he said.
“During our tenure, we have tried for proper recruitment in the Police Department but the present Government even the post which has been declared vacant since 2019 has not been filled yet,” he said. Dr. Mukul.
Furthermore, the union leaders strongly condemned the police and the Meghalaya government for being willing to shrut only within the state but in other states they are not willing or they are only border guards. “The past incidents in the state have been very serious but why don't they go to the border,” said the leaders.
Isaiah 13:12.
Speaking to media on Thursday, Bah Adelbert said that nothing is impossible, but with the cooperation of the government and the police, those involved in this incident can be arrested.
At the time of the closure in 2014, the coal remaining in the mines was 10 crore 20 lakh tonnes and until now, it is not known how much coal has been transported and how much more. which is still in the bars, after the NGT, has allowed the export of the product.
Salman Khan's hand was struck by the bseiñ.
To reach this place you have to walk about 3km if you don't have a pick up or Gypsy Maruti.
The incident occurred at 12 noon when the Bangladeshis attacked the house.
Such activities destroy the country and the nation and also cause insecurity among the youth, women and girls in the society and in our villages.
To date, there are about 30,000 people who pay professional tax to the council and the annual revenue collection is about Rs 5 crore.
He was a shareholder of Shillong Hydro Electric Co.
Meloni today congratulated her husband for their deep love, in which they have lived together for the past 40 years.
Dr LR Bishnoi said that besides the Coordination Committee in Amlarem, Coordination Committees have also been set up in Sohra, Pynursla, Dalu and other areas where BSF camps are not present. The BSF has promised that such incidents between the people and the BSF will not happen again in the future.
However, it is sad to see and hear that the youth of this age no longer have the desire to learn to speak and understand the traditional languages.
In terms of transportation, Meghalaya is still lagging behind due to the lack of railway lines, express way roads to carry 6-8 vehicles at a time, and especially the lack of an airport. You cannot fly to an international airport.
Speaking to the people who attended the filing of his nomination papers as the party's candidate from Tikrikilla Constituency, he said that the actions and activities of the MDA government show that it is only a false government.
The United States will now advance to the Women's Soccer World Cup next month, where the team from the United States will play chess. a country that so far has not had any change.
However, this will disappear when they mill the food.
Shillong, June 14: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Meghalaya State Unit on Friday appealed to the voters of Sohiong Constituency to vote for the candidate nominated by the party to ensure that development funds flow to the Sohiong Constituency. this is the Constituency.
From the interview with the Rangbah Shnong, it is understood that the reason why the residents have to throw garbage along the road, is because of the lack of adequate garbage dump. to break the niut and the nier.
“We have suggested that another road should be constructed as at present there is only one road from Umiam to Shillong to connect Guwahati with other states.
In the past three years, roads in Meghalaya have been constructed which have changed more than the roads built by the previous governments in the past 20 years.
Indian languages ​​include Hindi, Sanskrit, Punjabi, Tamil, Telugu, Kannada, Marathi, Gujarati, Malayalam, Odia, Konkani, Nepali, Kashmiri, Dogri, Manipuri, Maithili, Bengali, Assamese, Bodo, Santhali, Urdu and Sindhi.
Shillong, July 14: The President of the Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO) Agnes Kharshiing has expressed her surprise over the loss of 60 sq. km of land in the state.
Their meeting lasted about an hour and a half. “I'll tell my son about the job first and then I'll let you know,” said Peter's mother. Your phone is not right," said the mother.
Cydus is the only drug that has been approved for injection in children in the country.
The final in the men's category is scheduled to be played on the 1st of November at 1 pm between H-Elias HS School and Assam Rifle Public School.
In view of this urgent matter, this order has been sent and will be implemented immediately and until further notice.
On the same day, while the members of the union were returning to ISBT, they arrested about 18 foreigners from Assam who wanted to work in Meghalaya.
In fact, these three persons had met with the Deputy Commissioner and decided not to sell rice to those farmers who were not allowed to increase the price but the Deputy Commissioner did not allow them to do so. thus.
Although I was in the Government at that time, I didn't know about those places where there was a dispute,” said Prestone.
Promising that the government will strongly support the government officials in their work, the Minister also encouraged them to take the advice of the people's leaders such as MLAs of those areas and also to focus on the good. the welfare of health workers.
“We will confirm ourselves when we leave here that on the 27th we will vote in prayer and on the 2nd we will rejoice and start our work,” he said.
The first bomb blast near the Golden Temple occurred on the 6th of January, the second on the 8th of January.
The President of KAS said that what is needed is the will of those in power to implement the plan.
Therefore, I suggest to Dr. Jasmine that for the benefit of the villagers, don't get involved in politics.
The third area is the expansion of products coming out of sugar mills.
You can do that in the MLA and MDC elections but for the MP you have to vote only for the Congress,” he added.
This is a constituency reserved for STs,” said Marak.
The current MDC of Mawryngkneng is Bah Marbok Kharpran of the Congress.
The ED showed publicly the seized cash, which included Rs 500, Rs 2,000, Rs 200 and Rs 100 notes and was neatly kept in a bed.
The elections to KHADC and JHADC will be held on 24th June. 123 MDC candidates will contest in KHADC on 24th June.
The result of the U-17 Independence Day Cup of the WJDSA which was held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Thursday was that Mookyrdup, Evergreen Mukhla and Kseh Sylle Ialong won.
"“Hosting this tournament is a testament to what the Northeast can do and signs of what the Northeast can achieve in the future.
““I want to send a clear message to the people on the border that this new EC will be a source of joy for them.
Supporters of the ousted National Unity Government (NUG), which has called for a struggle against the military rule, have reportedly started fleeing to Mizoram. since November 7, 2021, in which they called for a struggle against the military regime.
Wasa FC scored the first goal in the 81st minute through Dashngain Sukhalin.
The SP, the Kolasib and the Executive Magistrate have visited the scene to discuss the matter, but Assam has refused.
Sonam, who doesn't agree with Deepika, often praises Katrina and Anushka for their dress sense and never once praises Deepika.
Shillong, November 16: The Principal Secretary to the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development, Bah P.Kharkongor, on Tuesday said that the time has come to make the people aware of the value of the rivers. of nature.
Donald Diengdoh scored a hat-trick for Salaroh in the L) Kesilroy Pala Invitational Football Tournament Veteran FC from 4-2 col.
He said that he has a plan to develop the area and the state as a whole and said that he is now waiting to recruit people from the area from Khliehriat East and Khliehriat West who have completed their graduation. education in this field related to hotels, restaurants.
He came to serve another country that had been conquered by the same tyrants.
The Land Bank Policy and other development projects are scientific tricks to destroy the Adivasis and in the name of economic development, land, forests, resources and destroyed the environment and the lives of the Adivasis.
Members of the BJP from the state, took part in the rally, which started at 3 pm under the leadership of the President of Meghalaya BJYM. The passage of the Prevention of Disqualification (Amendment) Act, 2015, has proved that it has failed.
“We in the District Council have passed these laws, but the current MLAs have passed no laws for the people,” said the Laban MDC.
Welcome speech was also delivered by the Secretary of the Seiñ Raij, Ma B.Talang and Chairman of the Seiñ Raij.
Taking the example, the Working President of the UDP said that the Congress had sent a chairman during the struggle between Bah DD Lapang and Bah JD Rymbai to lead the Congress Legislative Party. CLP).
It is to be informed that this project is not just a collection of garbage, but it includes the separation of garbage, the reuse of what is available, the conversion of garbage, the disposal of them and the dispatch of those that cannot be used to other places where they can be used.
On this occasion, Prestone said that if the VPP makes such a demand, if it happens again, it will be arrested by the police for investigation and to verify who sent those people. .
Shillong: The new Executive Committee (EC) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) under the leadership of Bah HS Shylla as Chief Executive Member (CEM) has started to investigate the spending of funds received by the District Council. It has reached T.28 crore and it has been investigated that there is a serious corruption in the T.28 crore.
On the same day after the election of the Waheh Shnong and the announcement of the winner, the Chairman of the Dolloi offered the term of office of the Waheh Shnong to the people. the general public answered unanimously for (3) three years without opposition from anyone or anyone else.
There were 43 schools participating including Under-14 Boys, Under-17 Boys and Under-17 Girls.
The factory, which covers an area of ​​about 11 square kilometers, is the last part of Mariupol to protect itself from the capture of Russian troops.
He also stressed that there is a high dropout rate of children in the district and urged the parents and children to take care of their education. South Garo Hills has no opportunities to develop in terms of tourism and needs many development projects for the development of tourism.
Therefore, the government has to arrange for social distancing to be maintained if only 15 or 20 people per bus and on the shortage of buses, perhaps the state government should have PALI (rotation) has been changed from 9am to 3pm due to the lack of buses followed by the curfew at 7pm. Government employees who live far away have arrived at the house and will return home at 8 or 9 pm.
Parents don't hesitate to say “come before it gets dark,” as our parents used to say especially to their daughters before they left home.
On Saturday, the ADG also inspected the construction of the Composite Hospital Mawpat and also visited the BOPs Dawki, Pyrdiwah and Lyngkhat.
This road will benefit the residents living on the border between India and Bangladesh and the target is to complete it within 10 and a half years, he said.
In addition, in the past years, schools and government offices have held special programs such as tree planting programmes, public awareness campaigns on the value of nature, forests and btap and surrounding property.
On the other hand, Bah Linus Kharbuki, who is the family member of the youth, requested the Umiam PS to take the necessary action according to the law.
The scheme has now provided assistance of up to T.5,30,000 per household and there are thousands of households who have benefited from this scheme, said the DC. the benefits of the scheme if they do not link Aadhaar to the MHIS Card.
There is something that could happen that could endanger the impact of the indigenous people, the land owners and the 'tribals of Meghalaya'
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today said that after receiving a complaint, the investigation will continue according to the law and the complaint against the Director General of Police (DGP) Dr. Lajja Ram Bishnoi. If you are accused of using a false plate number, you will continue to be charged even after you have retired from your job.
The Union Minister in charge of Agriculture today approved the request of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma to allow the students of the state to study under Central Agriculture. University (CAU), Imphal to continue their studies at the CAU Campus at Kyrdemkulai in Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, Naitung 12: Pune FC owner Hrthik Roshan today welcomed Indian cricketer Eugene Son Lyngdoh from Shillong. Bollywood movies.
This is a vision when considering the obvious factors that can affect the nation and society, through the transfer of jait to the mother such as the number of children, the marriage of foreigners. i don't see these days.
Jowai: Amlarem Police on Saturday seized 84,000 rupees from a vehicle during a search operation at Lad-Nongtalang.
Not only in the past, but even now many countries want to attack Jerusalem especially the Arab countries of the Middle East, but Jerusalem remains Jerusalem until the return of Jesus to this earth.
He said that the residents can obtain the building permit forms from the KHADC offices in Shillong, Mawkyrwat, Nongstoin and Nongpoh.
Shillong, Nailur 27 : As part of the celebration of World Tourism Day, NIPS Hotel Management, Umkdait, Nongmynsong on Tuesday held a cleanliness drive at Nan Polok.
Therefore, the meeting scheduled for 3/11/2018 will be held.
The company also provides health and accident insurance for its drivers.
“Although, whoever we support, we will take action on this issue but we have decided not to stay at home, we will take part in the MP elections,” he said. Speaking on the issues, the president of KHNAM said, “We will decide whether we will support or not on the issues. important.
Shillong: The Umkiang Dorbar Shnong, Umkiang, has given three months to the NHAI/NHIDCL to improve the NH-6 and build a proper sidedrain in the Umkiang area. There will be a public rally on the road to block the road from Jowai to Silchar.
The same was done with the fish that had to be brought nearer.
The Sordar of Nongstoin, Bah Bullstarwell Marbaniang, expressed his happiness for the success of the day and congratulated the BDO Nongstoin C&RD Block, Bah V.Swer. He expressed his special thanks especially to the residents of the village including To the residents, foreigners and shopkeepers who have worked hard all day long to clean up the market as it is the largest market in the Hima Rambrai.
Additional Director General of GSI Mulkh Raj Jarngal said that the site will be declared by GSI as a Geo Site, while the improvement works should be done by the state government.
The trial is part of the selection of players to lead the club for the Fourth Division organized by the Shillong Sports Association.
On the road from Nongstoin to Wahkaji, which the KHADC has promised to improve but has collided with the state government's PWD, Bah Khyriem said the Sengbhalang has already met with the CEM and the Minister of PWD. to expedite this process.
As soon as the Dorbar adjourned, the Speaker ordered the opposition not to speak, but to At that time, she used her powers to expel from the Dorbar the MDCs who violated her orders. He explained that according to the rules of law, the Dorbar can expel them, but before the Speaker could expel them, the opposition MDCs left the House immediately to express their disapproval of the current EC.
In a statement, he said that the government's preparation to hand over to the companies cannot be accepted as many of the residents of the area have not yet received a detailed explanation on the project. “It can also cause problems to the residents like the mobile companies because even to complain, they can't find a place,” said Khongsit.
Shillong: The Presbyterian Church of India, in a statement today, expressed its deep sorrow over the persecution of 1.5 million Christians in different parts of India. The Presbyterian Church also accused the Indian government of turning a blind eye to the insult to Christians and using public money to destroy the Christian faith.
"Hebrew" may have come from the word "Habiru" found in Sumerian, Egyptian, Akkadian, Hittite, Mitanni, Ugaritic languages ​​which refers to the Poor, Poiei or inhabitants from Mesopotamia and Iran to the borders of Egypt. of the Land of Canaan (W.H McNeil – J.W Sedlar “The Ancient Near East”).
Traitors to the people must face the penalty of death.
Before the handover ceremony, a short meeting was held at the Youth Center of the Church on Tuesday. The meeting was conducted by Lionel T. War, President Jowai Christian Endeavor Society. , u D.Tongper, Asst Secretary Chutwakhu Social Welfare Local Durbar.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has announced that 220.63 crore billion doses of vaccine have been distributed in India till Tuesday morning.
So far, 115 people have been confirmed with the disease and five have recovered.
For example, no one would dare to say that alcohol is not a sweet drink, nor is it the sweetness and pleasure of people to drink it that has made them addicted to drinking it and ha the end is that they fall into great loss because of their bad habits.
He said that dozens of villages have been affected in Jirang Constituency including Pamumsylliang, Umshalini, Rani, Gonpati, Jalpaham, Matang, Jirang, Umsohpai and other villages which have been informed and received. to talk by telephone.
Biren Singh said the NRC in Manipur will be implemented through the Indian government, while the NRC in Assam will be implemented in accordance with the order of the Supreme Court.
“However, there are other organizations who have said that the reservation policy should not be affected because it can cause injury, but only the roster system should be discussed first so that the The implementation of the roster system should not be reversed but should be implemented forward.
Shillong, Jymmang 4: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MSED) will announce the results of the HSSLC examination on the 9th of July at 10 am. all of them.
The Senior Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Officer, Khliehriat District, Khliehriat said that the department has taken action against the disease by conducting vaccination, injection and awareness program to the cows. cattle farmers of villages within the district.
The list also includes the names of Ramani Devi Jatav (Bhander), Rahul Kushwaha (Bhind), Satinder Bhadoriya (Mehgaon), Chahat Mani Pandey (Damoh), Chanda Kinnar (Malhara), Sunil Choudhary (Mhow). ), Bheru Singh Anare (Gandhwani), Anoop Goyal (Shivpuri), Sunil Gour (Seoni-Malwa), Anand Singh (Bargi), Pankaj Pathak (Panagar), and Vijay Mohan Palha (Patan), among others.
KSU Education Secretary Samla Pynkmenlang Sanmiet, KSU NKHD President Samla Ferdinald Kharkamni, KSU Eastern Border Area President Samla Banjop Maring, Bah B Sohtun were also present. Chairman of the Border Area Rangbah Shnong Union, teachers, school children and parents.
Shillong, Nailar 04: The Dorbar Pangyang of the Hima Umniuh-Tmar Sirdarship has decided to come to the Secretariat if the government does not listen to stop the plan to demolish all the land under the Hima Umniuh-Tmar. The Hima Sirdarship was formerly known as the British Territory.
Replying in the House, Rakkam said the Government is now ready to allocate another 100 teaching posts in Tura and 6 posts in Shillong Campus.
He said the government will bring in development works for the improvement of Ialong village and Ialong park.
Let us not go too far into these matters, but one of the most important things now is through the thanksgivings, which are the main source of the work of the Christian churches, because they do not receive any help from the churches. government, but they stand on their own feet and it is from this encouragement of the church members, that they can help the poor, help schools, help hospitals, pay salaries to them. employees of all kinds; but now, through this closure of churches, the number of churches has decreased slightly (especially the churches in the rural areas) and therefore, if this closure continues, they will find It is very difficult for them to carry out their various duties, which they have to carry out.
This has come to light from a complaint lodged by Garo students living at Hostel No.19 or Rangira Hostel at Mawlai Police Station.
The CSWO said that according to the reply from the PIO, the inability to release the result is due to lack of funds.
The Minister said, “The purpose of this visit is to express my condolences to the families of these victims.
SNSBH General Secretary RL Blah discussed the TDS on interest on fixed deposits and the Chief Commissioner (OSD) explained in detail.
This is one of the demands raised by the Naga Students' Union (NSU) Shillong on the 11th of this month.
The BJYM also demanded that the government officer should be suspended for his involvement with a political party which is against the All India Service (Conduct) Rules,
Precious Stone Suchenuba, Waheh Shnong of Sohkha Mission, gave a speech and encouraged the students of the village to be diligent and strive as hard as they can to succeed in their studies especially in this age of competition.
While there are some who are nervous, others are cautious and there are also those who are unaware or unaware of the dangers of this situation.
What makes our people more encouraging and painful is that when they leave, they flee to their villages.
It would be better for the government officials, instead of holding the synsar, to hold the khulom and to address the needs of the State in these days and to seek assistance.
Shillong, Naitung 1: On Tuesday at 2 pm, Lumshnong AD Camp Police have arrested a truck (AS-25F) while patrolling in these areas. -3342, which was carrying coal, was driven by Medister Tyngkan.
“However, unfortunately so far most states in the region have not done this,” Serto said.
Bah Martle said that many others have become angry with Bah Bring because they cannot reach his strength and glory.
There are about 60 households with a population of more than 300, from children to the elderly. There is a river nearby and a beautiful environment. villages with a population of about 8000, the average of all 20 villages.
Unemployment Certificate from the Employment Exchange, Labor Department for those who have deputed/Self declaration for unemployment for those who have not attended school.
CEC Rajiv Kumar has pointed out the need to regulate the spread of false stories as one of the problems along with the use of money and power, in ensuring the order and order. competition.
He said that members of the party have conducted a surveillance to inspect the site where the JMB plans to dump garbage at the JHADC site in Pangit, Khliehtyrshi and Jowai.
“The party feels that this situation has escaped from the hands of the government which cannot control it because of its reluctance to take precautionary measures,” James said.
This year, 50 lakh tyngka has been allocated to each district to meet the needs.
Most of the protesters from Meira Paibis have blocked the roads to prevent the troops from going to their camps to curb the protesters in Pallel.
No signs shall be placed, or any signs shall be carried as part of the election campaign in Government premises or any public place.
Commenting on the incident, Dr A War said that the reason for not accepting the mother was because they had doubts whether she had covid 19 and then the quarantine rooms. also, they were filled, which were five.
They said that the main problem they face is when they are sick, because the health centers are far away and when they go to park on the highway, there are only a few vehicles, because They cannot earn money due to the poor condition of the road from Riangdo to Athiabari.
Three years is short,” said Pala after winning.
In this regard, the JSU demands the abolition of trading license and other permits for foreigners so that they cannot steal the income of the state residents.
The weight of the cow is estimated at 1,400 kilos.
On the part of the Union Minister, Gajendra Singh Shekhawat, he said that he is pleased to meet with the officers and residents of Ribhoi, where as an Aspirational District they have worked together to develop this district. He said that the BJP Government under the leadership of Narendra Modi has done many development works for the development of India as a whole.
The court also ordered the government to pay Justice Katakey Rs 2 lakh as compensation.
“As always, we want petrol and diesel to be less available in Meghalaya than in Assam,” said Prestone.
“We trust the department in charge of this but only one should come and show us where those trucks are and what kind of fish they have received information that there is a pesticide so that we too can monitor,” he said. said Mr. Wankhar.
On the other hand, Bah Phelington Nongphud, former General Secretary of the HSPDP Youth Wing, said that there are many other members of the HSPDP who will join the NPP. and they went out into the villages.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah L Kharbani said that the dohum should be taken care of and protected so that it will be of benefit to the people living near the river as Meghalaya consumes imported fish and It is important to grow fish from this state so that the people don't have to wait for fish from other states to get fish.
Similarly, Dr. AA War said that 600 out of 800 employees of Shillong Civil Hospital have been tested negative for the virus.
M Nichols-Roy, Babu Wilson Reade and others have sent a notice, dated 27-7-23 to all the Syiems, Ministers, Rulers and the people to attend the Dorbar to be held at Shillong on the 4th. to Sept. 6, 1923.
“This incident was a fake encounter in which the police shot the son of the plaintiff who did not carry a gun or who did not shoot at the police,” said Abal's lawyer.
"Whatever we have been told, it is in a spirit of confidence, I don't think I will publicize our conversation, we have taken it very seriously," he added.
In the 2nd Division, Diengshynrum SC beat Iatyllilang SC Hingaria 2-1
“You don't have to worry about it.
He partnered with TBBT to further promote strong values ​​such as consent, equality, safety, inclusiveness, and dissemination of information especially among young people, with the aim of further the meaning of the festival and create a community of understanding and understanding.
“Our opposition said our coalition would last only two months, after six months and after ten years, but we managed to complete a full term.
Speaking on the occasion, Rakkam said that as an MP he will have to advocate for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP), the Khasi language and others.
I see in another explanation of this writer which appeared in Rupang on 2nd November, 2020 is very clear and those who support the insult to our Jaitbynriew maybe they are people who They are still slaves to the power of the mind.
According to the state police, the arrested include 55 GNLA members, 19 ASAK members, 24 ANVC-B members, 22 ULFA members and 8 members of the ULFA. ANCA, 8 ANLA, 11 UALA, 13 LAEF, 11 AMEF, 2 named groups and one from ANLA, ANLCA and ATM. 47 members from various political parties including 29 GNLA, 13 ASAK, 1 ANVC-B, 1 ULFA, 2 ANLA and 1 AMEF surrendered. Sixteen people have been shot dead and 24 injured in the past three months, according to the police.
Throughout the day, the education department in Ri Bhoi, has also honored several teachers, including Kong B.Rympei Asst. Teacher, Mynken Govt.
The BJP has not been able to introduce the CAB in the Rajya Sabha due to the strong opposition of various parties in the House.
Shillong: When there are many problems and sufferings in life, we often forget about all those problems, but we write down the raieh raidam just to survive and stay at home.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said that shops, grocery stores and restaurants have been allowed to open from the first day of next month, but restaurants on the highways ( National Highway) will remain closed until further notice.
And he that came to the market fell down to the ground.
Many of the plaintiffs and defendants came to this hearing to resolve many of their problems or disputes.
Latiplang Kharkongor EM of the Elaka Department said that the Syiem did not respond when asked for clarification and said that he forgot and said that he stamped and signed with the approval of the Minister Majai. in 2010 he sent approval to the King but he replied that he had forgotten who was the minister in
Thabah said there are about 300 nurses who graduated from the government sector in 2008 who are still waiting for recruitment.
The Government has taken this action after the coal mining groups demanded that the Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) for obtaining licenses for coal mining in the state should be reviewed. .
He said that it is necessary to build a road from Laitkor to Malki, from Motinagar to Lumpraring and from Umiam to Mawlai. talk about this.
However, listening to the stories of the lorni and 'riew authorities who know well the working methods of the government authorities, they say that this government is only involved in environmental damage for the benefit of only the people. some.
The check was handed over to the Chief Minister.
Many will remember him as a leader who brought up many issues of the Northeast and who was also the voice of the minorities in the country.
She said that the Shillong Medical College will start from an existing site and there is still a need to improve the infrastructure such as accommodation and educational facilities as hospitals already have to start. The training was conducted at Ganesh Das Government Hospital and Shillong Medical College.
Shillong, July 23: The Meghalaya State Olympic Day Run (MSOA) will hold the 10k Olympic Day Run for the fourth time in Shillong on the 24th of this month.
So that they would not perish, God used angels to proclaim to them what John said in Revelation 14:6-7
It is time for the government to take a decision and not to listen so that the people will know whether they will get what they demand.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has held a meeting with the leaders of political parties to discuss how to prepare and conduct the elections for the election of new leaders in Shillong. this state.
However, at this time, it was learned that there were obstacles between the journey and the delivery of these items to Taiwan.
This is because the UCC has inherited from the Fundamental Rights, which means that it cannot be against any fundamental rights.
A woman who was raped has lodged a complaint with the police station after being raped by her husband.
In fact, there was a slight misunderstanding between the KSU leaders and the Rangbah Shnong of Mawiong, because they did not inform beforehand to conduct the raid, so that they could cooperate with the village, but these misunderstandings. The mind was able to be reconciled after a while.
Despenly Syiemlieh scored 85 out of 76 balls (7x4s, 3x6s) without being dismissed while Arwanbiang Shang- Pliang scored 62 runs from 59 balls (7x4s, 3x6s) and scored 109 runs for the loss of 10 wickets. 2/45.
God has given us our own abilities to use properly and work hard to reach our goal.
Namdong PHC has one MBBS post vacant with 2 Grade iv, one LD post, 1 Chowkidar, 3 Nurses. One of them has been transferred and there are only two nurses at the PHC and this has made it difficult to accommodate the 31,000 thousand people of the area.
Speaking to reporters, the NPP leaders said that they are confident that the Governor will soon approve the name of Conrad before the CEM election in GHADC. It is worth mentioning that this incident in GHADC may also be a memorable incident in the District Councils of the state where the MDC will be elected. Nongstoiñ, July 20: The Kharbani Kur on Tuesday inaugurated the memorial of Noh Bani, the mother of the Kharbani Kur. The village was built in Mawthungkper, West Khasi Hills District.
Regarding the details of the site, Choudhary appealed to the people of the state and the world to visit the holy Lum Sohpetbneng to see the celebration of the preservation of the and Lum.
The youth was rushed to Kashi's Kabir Chaura hospital and is in critical condition with 60 per cent burns.
The appointment of Bah Phlowing Syiem Nongbah of Nongmynsaw was appointed by Bah Hindro Samakha who was the Sirdar of Raidmynsaw.
What Jesus does, those who believe will do, says the Word of God, but for this power, the believer must first examine himself and pray for power in the name of Jesus Christ.
Mairang MDC Batskhem Ryntathiang today told reporters that he will withdraw his support from the UDF for the new EC of KHADC and will support the old EC of the UDA. He said that he came here to express his withdrawal from the support of the UDF, because he is shocked to see the power struggle in KHADC. He said that he has decided to withdraw his support for the UDF and not for the sake of money or seat.
East Khasi Hills has 216 cases and West Garo Hills has 66 cases.
However, if they cannot prove it, it means that they want to fight against the Khasi; and without doubt the time will come when part of the land of the Khasi Hills will fall to the west without rain.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 235 cases and 690 recoveries.
Even the ancient saying, 'sarong ia la ka jong' could disappear completely from this beloved country of ours unless there are great thinkers, intellectuals to revive and revive.
These two athletes from the district also won gold medals in Men's Double at the Meghalaya Games.
The President of HANM North East, Bah Shaibor Nongrum, led the issuance of licenses to foreigners.
This statement that Jesus must die was further confirmed by John the Baptist who said, “BEFORE THE LAMB OF GOD WHO COMES TO TAKE AWAY THE SIN OF THE WORLD.” the Popes of the world unless he is killed.
While the ED officers were conducting investigation at Kejriwal's residence, Delhi Police, Rapid Action Force (RAF) and CRPF personnel were also deployed. with banners outside his residence while AAP supporters gathered outside the house to protest against Kejriwal's arrest.
In a statement, the DC said that the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act 1960 as amended in 1982, has banned the slaughter of cows in the district.
They added that if the border settlement is not according to the wishes of the residents who want to stay in Meghalaya, Langpih will turn into a battlefield and the people will no longer obey the government if it urges that they may dwell safely, for they do not want them to be slaves in their own land.
Indeed, he has been teaching school in his village since
Replying to a question in the Legislative Assembly, the Minister said the reason is that the neighboring states of Assam, Mizoram, Tripura and Arunachal Pradesh have increased the production of synsar in their respective states. these are 2-3 years old.
“If the job is sufficient to serve the people, the tax increase will be justified but if the job is not sufficient, how can we accept the tax increase only?” he asked.
The VPP is not a Very Poor Party as some have criticized but it has proved that it is a Very Popular Party among the people especially in They covered the ground, they covered the ground, they covered the households of the people who were still holding their rights and honor.
I would like to urge the public not to leave because Coronavirus cannot say "I am the family of a government employee or I am a government employee" Coronavirus affects everyone, young and old if we don't take care well let us be the same.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Donlang said that he was summoned to appear before the police during his speech in Motphran on 23rd November, 2023 when he promised to form a rebel group if the government the state cannot provide security to the population at the border.
Regarding the incident of Samla Walinda Binong, many of the people said that the government and the police department should take action and conduct an investigation so that such incidents should not happen again.
The time of pandemic is a time of humanitarian crisis and it is a time for the Government and the citizens to think and use all their strength to fight and especially to rebuild the country and rebuild. the lives of each and every citizen from the destruction and damage caused by the disease.
I personally went to meet Bah Don at one of the Quarters of MeSEB at Mawlai Nongkwar.
In the men's category, East Khasi Hills DBA beat North Garo Hills DBA 89-23 while BA West Khasi Hills DBA beat Ri-Bhoi DBA 61-5
Sarita announced her support for Bah Teibor Pathaw at a meeting attended by hundreds of her leaders and followers.
He said it is difficult for an MLA to work at the same time as an MDC especially if an MLA is elected as a minister.
Skhentalang SC beat Bakur SWSC 1-0 in the second semifinal match on Saturday at Lad Japlem Mini Stadium, Amlarem.
“At that time I left the Poling Station and I was outside the area of ​​the PS when I was going to Rakabah Poling Station, where I met and talked to a Security Officer on the way”.
Shillong: Following the rapid increase in the number of cases of covid-19 in the state, especially on the part of the BSF; Therefore, various army departments have suspended the arrival of troops in the state, said the Director of Health Services, Dr A War.
The Pa'iem also congratulated the participants of the festival and said that the Raid Shabong is one of the Raids in Khadarblang, which is still completing the thanksgiving. Dr Balajied also paid tribute to the Khun Longtrai, because they are the farmers and caretakers of the land.
“That's why I said that,” said Ban.
“We cannot decide to resolve the border because 50 years have passed and no one has been able to resolve it. Assam will not be able to cross the border anymore but if it is not resolved now, it will reach Byrnihat.
Shillong, Nailar 21 : The Upper Shillong Boxing Association (USBA) on Saturday opened a boxing training center for boys and girls in Nongkseh, Upper Shillong. Upper Shillong.
Ma Lamare is a resident of Raliang village.
Criticizing the Prime Minister regarding the cover-up of the work done by the MDA Government under the leadership of the NPP in the last five years, the TMC candidate asked, “How can the Minister Through the Jal Jeevan Mission, more than 2.5 lakh households have been connected with water pipes out of 4000 in 2018.” “The truth is that the NPP Government stands on the foundation of Last year, in Rongjeng Imamsdrop, the residents of Rongjeng Imamsdrop village were not only robbed of the water. The Sordar of Imsamdrop has also accused the PHE department of deceiving them into believing that the project has been completed.
Furthermore, it is understood that there are skilled and able to learn from their own culture even if they are not from the longsyiem family, as well as there are other longsyiem dynasties who do not know the customs and traditions. law to heal or to heal those who have been bound or who have done any evil deeds.
There are areas where Reliance-Jio has decided to install its Wireless Internet.
According to Conrad, Sonowal also expressed his concern over the border dispute which has been going on for decades.
The tournament was opened on the 29th with Rambrai MLA Bah RG Momin as the chief guest.
The Maitshaprang Academic Award 2023 has been awarded to the students who have excelled in various fields of study as a sign of encouragement to the students. they.
Nongpoh, March 25: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday issued an order to take precautionary measures and to be vigilant against the cyclone SITRANG. Schools from Nursery to Class-X in Ri Bhoi District have been closed today and according to information received, on this day despite the heavy rain and cold weather. but there was no calamity.
Earlier, Iran accidentally shot down a Ukrainian airliner while taking off from Tehran airport, killing 176 passengers.
This example of Bhagwant Mann shows whether other Chief Ministers of other states in India especially in Meghalaya are willing to take this step or are they brave just to explain in front of the authorities. publish news every day to cover the country.
“There has been a change but it is stronger than the old design which weighed up to 3000 metric tonnes but now it is very low”.
Recently, Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma has accused the MDA government of being irresponsible to the people and the state. His arrest by the Assam police is the surrender of the Meghalaya government to the Assam government.
Meghalaya's Surya Rai (38) and Wanlambok Nongkhlaw (11), Khurana (32), Lerry (16) and Dippu Ch Sangma (16) scored runs.
The theme of the candlelight vigil is “The Day of Mourning for the Mynthi of the Korbarri” and the candlelight vigil will be held from 3pm to 6pm.
Speaking to media, Kong Ampareen said that while she has not received the report, she cannot verify whether it is true or not, as alleged, but the department has taken action. This is to protect you from anything.
Revelation 21:2 “And I saw the holy city, new Jerusalem, coming down out of heaven of God...” (4) Satan will go out to deceive the nations in that holy city. , but he couldn't anymore.
There are many reasons for this, but one of the main reasons for bringing about a new change for the better is the change in political reform.
“This is not sudden.
Meanwhile, the team, which did not score in the last half, scored the first goal in the 43rd minute through Deepika Soreng and Deepika in the 54th minute. , in which these players have also confirmed to the team for the goal and also that the team is currently in first place in Pool A. improved their style of play by maintaining the distribution of balls and managing the entire game against India in the first quarter, by being able to manage themselves in many areas. The team's match against the Defense team of India.
Prestone was accompanied by Chief Engineer CN Sangma and Superintendent Rilang Lyngdoh.
Referring to the MP election, the Congress party had a ticket race in which the candidates included Vincent Pala, John F Kharshiing and others. Vincent Pala, MP, who is still in power.
This Emergency electrician has been recognized by Google with a 'Five Star Rating'
This fine is a punishment for polluting the environment.
The union also said that the ILP should be implemented because if the ILP is implemented, foreigners will not dare to act like the foreigner who shot the Rangbah Shnong.
East Khasi Hills has 107 cases and West Khasi Hills has 77 cases.
The sudden disappearance of the transformer from its usual place has shocked the villagers.
Shillong, Naitung 18 : Hundreds of SSA teachers under the banner of the Meghalaya Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan Schools Association (MSA) have decided to stay in the parking lot of the Additional Secretariat. The release of the salary suspended for 5 months has not been completed.
Then Langpih, although it is a small village, but since ancient times, this village belongs to the Khasi Hima and most of the people who live here are Khasi.
At the same time, the government should introduce a law on employment and allocation of jobs to students in various fields.
Jowai: The General Secretary of the West Jaintia Hills District Sports Association (WJHDSA) Lammat-o Laloo has informed all those football clubs who have already joined the Association that they no longer need to pay the renewal fee. their membership for2021.
The epicenter of the earthquake was about 13 km away.
I am an Indian citizen and I am an MP and I have the right to go anywhere and take part in meetings".
He said that as the land owners should not go to the land records, the gift dees should be given to the owners of the land as the land is located in Mawkyrwat which is near the government offices. Therefore, something should be built to access the road because it is in front of the road and fencing should be built to avoid the crossing of the border.
It is worth mentioning that the collapse of this house, which collapsed into another house, could be a serious threat to the people who walk and stand on this road.
Gym Secretary: Monlang Nongtdu.
Shillong, July 27: The presence of Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) Chairman Champion R Sangma at Shillong Civil Hospital has prompted the hospital authorities to search the people who come and go to the hospital. .
This action of the police, has humiliated the people who eat and drink in this shop, especially the owners of this shop.
“The union has urged the Traffic Department to ensure that the vehicles run smoothly and that there will be no interference in their work.
As part of the programme, the Governor visited an exhibition on NEP 2020 which showcased the work of school children and DERT. the first part of the fund of the PM SHRI Scheme.
Shillong: Due to the presence of a positive case of covid-19 or a close contact with a positive case of covid-19, a person has been arrested at the residence of Robin Laloo, Block-II, Upper Lachumiere and also at the residence of the employees of Eee Cee Bakery & Hopkinson Road. These houses have been closed from today, according to an order issued by the District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills District.
According to information received, the Bangladeshis are very careful in stealing and quarrying stones from India at night, although they come in the morning if they can.
Before distributing the certificates to the 61 youths, a meeting was held by the Camp Commander & Training Incharge, Bah Pyndaplang Muksor, in the presence of Bah Winning G.Sungoh as the chief guest. , Rev. Samuel Myrphet, Waheh Shnong Umdeinlin Bah Nangai Sutnga, relatives of the youths, some village leaders and others who were invited.
Rahul Singh scored 33 runs from 19 balls followed by Pritam Singh in 11 overs for the loss of four wickets. earned 30 runs from 25 balls.
The KSU and SSASA have demanded that the Meghalaya Government should set up Police Outposts in the areas where there are most incidents on the border, to arrest and punish according to the rules of law those involved in the shooting death of four residents of Mukroh and to expedite the border settlement by listening to the voice of the people living on the border.
Shillong: The Village Leaders of the Containment Area today held a meeting with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, the Deputy Commissioner of the Containment Area. East Khasi Hills District, Matsiewdor N War and DHS Dr Aman War to discuss the problems of the people living in the containment areas.
Replying to these allegations, Prime Minister Savio Marak, one of the leaders of the GNLA, said that the Prime Minister does not understand the demands and principles of the GNLA. The party was created to seek wealth but it is a party that stands on the basis of the independence of Garo Land.
Shillong: The Mawlai Pyllun Youth Party (SSMP) today closed down the garbage dump in Mawlai, Shillong, after Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister in charge of the garbage dump, He did not take action to look into the demands of the union.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad said that the tourism industry will grow in the state and this will help in creating jobs for the people of those places and will also bring about economic development.
He requested the government to provide assistance so that the needs of the tourists can be met and more jobs can be created for the villagers.
He said that these scammers send messages or links containing messages so that people can view or click on them and if they do so, they will be able to view the messages and pictures of the people. they.
It is not easy to switch from one job to another job that you have never done, because a job you have never done is not easy because you have never been trained, you do not have skills and you have the last count, know how it shall be.
The Chief Minister said that the five land acquired by Meghalaya in Tatabari area will remain with all, two out of three land acquired in Gizang area of ​​West Khasi Hills will remain with Meghalaya. .11 out of the 12 employees will stay with Meghalaya and one will go to Assam.
His book 'The Fables of Aesop' (1920) and his poem 'Duitara Ksiar' (1925) among others have become the most famous books in Khasi-Jaintia and are read by all students. even to the great men.
The wealth does not remain in the Khasi families because the inheritance is given only to the youngest child, or to the daughters, not to the sons.
“Once the hatchery is fully operational, we need 150 to 200 people to transport and sell the fish to Khliehriat, Ladrymbai, Sutnga, Jalaphet, Umkiang and other places. “We have set a target to produce not only fish seeds but also food fish and I believe that the production of fish here will meet the demand of fish in the district,” he said. Bah Kharbuki.
The answer to this is that the Right to Education (RTE) has been in force in Meghalaya since 2013, which aims to enable children up to the age of 14 to attend school. uniform, books and others.
Former AIG (A) Iangrai was arrested from his home in Lumshyiap, Golflink by the SIT of the CID on Tuesday.
One of the words that maybe people don't think about is that the word Maw has a close relationship with one of the words that is not a piece of art, a property or a village or anything else. but the most important words are the words of the mind of man, and that is the word of Remembrance.
“The issue of health is the most difficult area that we have had to deal with because of the many challenges we have faced, but in the last five years we have been able to take care of everything. “There are many areas related to health work so that we can improve the service delivery in the state as a whole,” said CM Conrad Sangma.
Raian D Sangma won the best goalkeeper award, followed by Manrak S Sangma as the top scorer while Smart R Marak won the best goalkeeper award.
The Managing Committee will give a holiday only to those teachers who come to take part in this Thomas Jones celebration.
The good deeds of the right hand should not be known by the left hand (Matt.6:3).
The NSCN-IM, which rejected the demand for independence a few years ago, wants to unite all the Nagas in the neighboring states of Manipur, Arunachal Pradesh and Assam.
The village in collaboration with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has decided to close the village for 10 days to complete the contact tracing of those who have been in contact with people infected with COVID-1
The patient, who works as a farmer, does not know how he got hundreds of these prek.
Nongpoh, Nailur 08: The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) Sengkmie, today said that the Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) Sengkmie, MePDCL has strongly condemned MePDCL for failing to provide adequate services to electricity consumers.
Guwahati: A bomb blast has occurred in four places in Assam, including three in Dibrugarh and another in Charaideo district. the Republic celebration in the whole country.
How can we encourage young people to do well.
Isaiah 28:16–19.
“The Khasi are believers in the Tynrai/Niamtre religion and in the Christian faith,” he added.
People from Jaintia Hills, Khasi Hills and even non-Khasis came to see this incident.
On the other hand, Bah Warjri said, “This is the first time that Meghalaya has been able to host this tournament.
The CEO said the Election Department has also launched a mobile app called Meghalaya Votes where citizens can download on their mobiles to see the announcements and all the necessary information related to the election. and this election.
He said that whether they are private or government hospitals, the doctors should not delay because the patients urgently need treatment.
According to information received, the District Police estimated that the number of people who attended the procession was less than 35,0 He said that the population is only 50 thousand and other higher authorities have taken it as 60 thousand people long less than 50 thousand people.
Although it has not grown as rapidly in this country as it has in other countries, such as Hawaii, Malaya, the West Indies, South Africa and Queensland, it is still found in many parts of the country. India such as Assam, Bengal, Malabar and the coast of the Bombay Presidency.
The court has directed the state government to send clear information on the illegal mining, the people involved and the cases filed against them.
With this victory, Shillong Lajong FC have earned seven points from four games, while Ambernath United (6 points) and Delhi FC (4 points) are in the bottom of the table. second and third places and remaining once a game.
It is suspected that the man was hit by a car while he was on his way home.
The Lokayukta has ordered the Director of Prosecution to hand over the case to the Public Prosecutor of West Garo Hills, Tura for trial. West Garo Hills.
However, eternal life is not a traditional Jewish philosophy and Jews do not believe in eternal life.
Danggo said that all the requirements related to the project have been completed and all that remains is to pay the land fee and other requirements to start the project. this project.
“I don't have any letter demanding money from him on his mobile phone, but there are many mobile numbers that have been checked and they have demanded money from many people,” she said. person.
The official said that upstream of the river there are hundreds of villages and thousands of residents who use the water flowing from the river.
My mother and father treated me badly.
What saved the inhabitants of Ri Bhoi from starvation at that time was the cultivation of phandieng, which they could store and eat at any time.
Shillong, June 12: The three-day Shad Suk Myn Siem of the Seng Khasi (Seng Kmie) Mawkhar Shillong, has started on Saturday and will end on Monday at Shad Weiking Jaiaw.
On the part of Rev. Ribaitki Laloo who took the oath of office, the 30 youths were present in the presence of the parents of the youths and others who were invited.
The KSU said that the distribution of these protective equipment is part of its cooperation with the government in the fight against COVID-1
Damonmi Dkhar in his speech urged the village leaders and residents to have a spirit of love and unity so that development and change can come in the village.
Laitjem CC scored 88/10 in 14.3 overs. Mebanshan Kharsati scored 30 (18) while Larikupar Nongkynrih took five wickets for 16 runs in four overs. Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday ordered a coal trader from Assam to suspend the smuggling of coal from Gasuapara Land Custom Station to Bangladesh.
The SP of Lakhimpur – IPS Anand Mishra in the past few days has issued a warning that the police department will take strict action against the robbers involved in illegal activities. .
The provisions of the Sixth Schedule are very strong but when implementing the provisions of this Schedule it is very weak.
We invite you to join hands, join and support Kam Meghalaya by calling these numbers.
The woman had a desire to be with her children and her mother but she did not have the opportunity to live together.
Speakers included ORW-MCSWA, Milanda Rymbai and Umlawang Waheh Shnong, W. Lyngdoh. The program was conducted by MCSWA PM, TICC Khliehriat, Renibet Patlong.
The conflict was so intense that one group established a new village now called Thiepdiengngan-Keniong.
Shortly after that, when we reached the District Administration of Ri Bhoi and Assam, through their speech and explanation to the people of Meghalaya and Assam, we were able to disperse these people by Calm.
Shillong: U Manish Chatrath, Congress leader in Meghalaya, will arrive in Shillong on Monday.
As part of expressing and encouraging our rulers around the world starting from our own country, a young woman from Sweden, Greta Thunberg last year at the age of 15 years old started The Fridays for Future movement has urged the students of schools, colleges and all those responsible for a sustainable future to avoid the dangers of environmental degradation to come forward and do something before it is too late.
Speaking to reporters, Tongkhar said that for the disputed areas in West Khasi Hills District, the government has appointed Tongkhar as the Chairperson to lead the committee. On the 4th they will come down to inspect these places.
Wailadmiki Shylla in his speech said, “While I am an MLA, I will donate Rs 100,000 to any school in my constituency which wins the State Level Subroto Mukherjee Cup and leads to the National Level. Subroto Mukherjee Cup".
At the meeting, the members and office bearers of the Congress Mawsynram decided to count themselves as suspended members of the Congress party as their leader has been suspended by the party for three years. .
Earlier, Bah kynsing Lynshiang, NPP candidate from Mawkynrew, came to attend the ceremony and congratulated him for the honor he brought from the North East Olympics. Games which is a pride not only for Meghalaya but especially for Mawkynrew and especially for Laitdiengsai.
Before its opening in 1988, the PHC had been a Dispensary since
On the other hand, the protesters prevented the doctors from taking Marak to the hospital as there was no doctor or ambulance at the scene.
Agnes said the department that employed the contractor should have lodged a complaint against him and should have investigated the work.
The meeting was attended by the public, leaders from various units and villages in Mawsynram Constituency.
He said that these trainings of AVENUES through APEX are the foundation on which the children can build their future and life.
“Because as we have seen above, the allocation of SC/ST is according to the proportion of pay.
They said that the reason for their leaving the Congress party is on the grounds that the President of the party has exercised power in many areas and the working methods of the Congress party in the constituency are not good. beautiful and running smoothly.
The day was concluded with the blessing of the Blessed Sacrament of the Duwan by Father Ferdinand Dkhar, Diocesan Administrator of the Diocese of Jowai.
It is here that there have been schools which have produced many great men, women and men from within the area and even from abroad.
He said that everyone knows that the influx of vehicles from other states is the cause of traffic jam in Khyndailad and Iewduh areas which bring little revenue to the government budget.
At the same time, the KSU has vowed to close down the Lumshnong Tollgate.
Sniawbhalang said the government has informed the court that the HPC has not approved the blueprint prepared by the government regarding the evacuation of people from Them. Mawlong Market.
Besides, it was also found that there are some villages which have roads, but when the rain comes, the vehicles cannot pass, because of the excessive deterioration.
Through the letter, the complaint to the DC also stated that despite the status-quo between Meghalaya and Assam, Assam has not been able to cross the border to Nongwah Mawtamur by building roads and The offices of the Forest Department, where the people are now in fear and do not want the people to continue to suffer like the incident in Mukroh.
Besides the traditional dance, there was also a photography competition for children and youth, a poetry writing competition and a mobile phone photography competition.
There is nothing like this in UDP.
If you don't open these things, doesn't it mean that you don't follow the protocol once a month? To work with the government without honor.
The meeting unanimously decided not to support Vincent in the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong constituency as he has passed away as an MP. Bah Madonbai has contributed to the constituency where he used to lead.
“The government in Delhi has a role to play in addressing the rapid increase in petrol prices,” she said. for rent”.
On the same day, Governor Chauhan also distributed the Meghalaya Day Award to those who have made a great contribution for the welfare of the society.
Through this victory in Dubai, Bah Hubert has brought fame not only to the clan but also to the community.
The KSU and the land owners have decided not to allow the company to operate on the land until they receive the demand.
As of 31st December 1947, there were six (seven) Khasi States, including the Hima Nongstoin, which had not yet been annexed to India.
As soon as they saw the BSF troops, the Bangladeshi smugglers rushed into the river and crossed the Bangladesh border and left the boats in the river.
Speaking on the ILP demand, Bah Kyrshan said that the ILP is no longer a new demand but it is a demand that has been demanded decades ago and has not been met yet.
On the decision to nominate Bah Beyond as the candidate, Bah Eugene said this is also his wish because he wants a person who will take over this post and fulfill the tasks that the people want. He must be a person who is able to work and who has intelligence and who has a foundation to stand in righteousness and not who lives in deceit.
These auto drivers have also expressed their dissatisfaction even after the HYC leaders have sent a message of apology through the media to reach an understanding and not to fight anymore.
He said that the cow smugglers are hiding in the forests and waiting for the opportunity to smuggle them into Bangladesh. He said that they have received information that the cow smugglers from India and Bangladesh have They have a close relationship and monitor the movements of the BSF to ensure that they can move the cattle.
He said the Special Cell is now investigating to arrest all the members of the group who are still on the run.
This shows that the government has not done anything about this.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The meeting between the government and the political parties opposed to the Tih Uranium Road has ended without any decision.
For the 5th Sutnga Saipung Constituency, the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Khliehriat, Khliehriat announces that the nomination papers should be sent to Bah J.Shylla, MCS, Returning Officer or to R. Brahma, MCS, Assistant Returning Officer, Karma No 242, at the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat, from 11 am to 3 pm and not exceeding 3 pm. The nomination forms will be placed in the proper places and the nomination papers will be brought to Room No.225, Conference Hall, at the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Khliehriat. on 8th June 2023 for the scrutiny.
“Article 44 speaks of the UCC as an attempt by the government but don't forget that there are other more important articles like the article on the right to life,” he said.
He left the club in 2011 and joined Shillong Lajong. He has shown many of his skills in the club's career. The player who scored the most goals in the I-League.
Following the increase in the number of cases of Coronavirus in the country, many villages in Jaintia Hills have taken steps to close down their villages to fight against the spread of the disease across the villages.
Explaining this, he said that the party wants to rely on itself especially on the support of the people and therefore it does not need the support of any political party.
Mawponghong SC opened the scoring in the 8th minute through Lastborn Marweiñ.
Shillong, July 29 : The Khan National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) will meet tomorrow 30th July 2023 to decide on its candidates for the MLA election 2023 to be held on 27th June
Noting that the department has also tried to implement such projects in other areas, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “Unfortunately, we are having difficulty in getting land”.
The purpose of the tournament is to encourage the children of the area to showcase their football skills and to develop to become the future of the football industry of Sohryngkham.
The Chief Minister of Jirang Constituency, u Jirang Constituency, has been tested positive for COVID-19, as he wants to confirm whether he has been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. to meet him and especially that he is the leader of the area closest to Assam.
The boundaries mentioned above are Pamra Paithlu and Mookhep villages to the east, Wapungskur to the west and Wapungskur to the east. Wapungskur and to the east of the border with Mookhep village.
The promise is by the covenant between Abraham, Isaac, Jacob and upon all who believe.
We see that at the time of Jesus Christ's birth he was born under the law of Moses in the year 4 B.C. God sent His Son, who was born under the laws of Moses.
Pastor Shangdiar said this while speaking at the 17th KJP Eastern Synod Youth Service held at Wapung Presbyterian Church in Musniang.
Other ethnic groups who have come to occupy the state have taken over the political and economic powers but they have not yet tried to completely destroy the uniqueness of the minority ethnic groups. The North East Students' Organization (NESO) has strongly condemned the action of the Twipra government and demanded that the government should respect the unique rights of the people of Twipra. state.
On November 13, 2018, up to 15 coal miners involved in illegal mining of coal in East Jaintia Hills were trapped inside the crematorium after water entered the crematorium due to the flooding of the river. Lytein is not available.
Once upon a time, two friends who had been in love since childhood since school, sat in the same class and sat on the same bench. and only at night they divorce and they are also very smart children to go to morning prayer.
Titos said that the MDC of Sohra has also admitted that he has brought about development works inside the Sohra College. college as a government college and after seeing the shortcomings of the college, they have worked hard to improve it and bring about development works according to the authority of the MLA but they are not under the jurisdiction of the MDC. On the MDC 's claim that he has cleaned the road to Laitlyndop with the help of MPs Vincent H Pala and Kennedy , Titos said that this is a mistake and He said that if the MDC can do that why doesn't he do all the roads in Sohra.
Jowai, Lber 07: The District Sports Officer, Jowai has announced that it will celebrate the International Women's Day 2023 on the 15th October, 2023 at Kiang. Nangbah Stadium, Jowai from 10 pm.
In the final between the two teams, Nongdawah CC, which won the toss, failed to score first while Cricket Lovers, who had the opportunity to tied first, scored the first goal. 163 runs for five wickets in 20 overs.
Therefore, that I may see your wisdom, please change your appearance.
Primel Bamon, a Home Guard soldier of Jowai Traffic Police, died on Friday morning after a tree trunk fell on his house in the quarter of PWD Ladthadlaboh.
Therefore, the office requests all schools in South West Khasi Hills District who wish to participate in this tournament to collect the registration forms from the office. DSO, South West Khasi Hills District on working days.
It may be recalled that on the 23rd of this month, there was a traffic jam, which lasted for more than three hours, due to the overturning of a 12 wheeler truck, which happened at Khongdong ha Sawmer.
It's an opportunity.
He is the third son of Babu Marius Lein Kharumnuid and Maria Hina Jala Kharbhih (who died at the door of God).
Damewanhi L Rymbai, former leader of the Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) and who is involved in many NGOs for the development of East Jaintia Hills District, has announced his candidacy for the 2023 MLA elections. 6 Constituency Client.
J.Lawai (President HYC Sengkmie) who praised the Circle's take on this issue and gave many suggestions so that the Seng can continue to improve and implement the goals of the Circle. Its service for the welfare, peace and development of the community in the region and the nation as a whole.
There have been 120 cases and 194 deaths.
I would like to congratulate the State Government and the Government of India for their efforts to deliver food items to the villages across India.
Shillong, July 17: Two Khasi boys, Forme Khongji and he, left their village today to go to Delhi to receive the National Bravery Award.
The drivers of both these vehicles have been arrested for failing to provide a clear answer or sufficient documents to prove the goods they were carrying.
“We remember the eviction of dozens of indigenous households living and farming on the land of the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) in the New Shillong Township in 2014-2
Maharashtra has 74 new cases of Covid-19 with 10 new cases on Sunday morning.
He also urged other teachers who have not joined the JHLPSTA to come and take part in the meeting and if they are willing, the union welcomes them.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 282 and the death toll has risen to
The statement from the Chief Minister's Office comes 10 days after he told the media after a Cabinet meeting that the state government intends to implement the Act. in some parts of Garo Hills or the so-called “Disturb Area”.
The Government of Meghalaya through the Education Department.
All these crematoria are located on the rocky outcrops where the village of Sakhain is located and all of them have valleys inside which run along with the streams.
While the Minister and his family members escaped the incident, a CRPF constable who was guarding the gate of the house was injured.
The State Government invites all stakeholders to support this initiative of the Government of India.
It says that Satan will rule for 3 and a half years, that he will be imprisoned and that Jesus Christ will rule for 1000 years.
JSM Eastern Region President, Samla Wellson RD Siangshai said that members of the JSM Eastern Region and Wapung Unit after receiving information about the disappearance of Kong Lita from Wapung Shnong since 25th November and found the body of her from Mookhep village on November 31, 2023 has angered the union because this incident happens from time to time until women and children are beaten in They are bloodthirsty, they are wicked who kill the enemy of the soul of man without having a spirit of knowledge of others.
The father of a young woman from Chumphon Province, in northern Thailand, offers any young man who wants to marry his young daughter to USD 314,166, or T.2,19,65,7
The Skendrowell Death Anniversary Celebration Committee and FOCUS will hold a discussion on the theme, “Bah Skendrowell's Contribution to the Death of Hynniewtrep Music”.
He urged the people to have the spirit of helping to explain to others especially those who cannot go to the polling stations, as the government has now provided the machines so that they can vote from home.
But he is from Heaven.
These development projects have affected thousands of farmers as their farmland has been destroyed.
According to the Gospel of Mark 10:17, “...and, behold, one came running, and knelt before him, and asked him, Good Master, what shall I do that I may inherit eternal life? Only Mark and Luke (Luke 18:18-24) record this encounter of Jesus with the rich man and in this encounter Jesus tries to restore him to a meaningful life.
According to the survey, East Khasi Hills District of Meghalaya has the highest number of tobacco related cancers; about 70.4 percent in men and 46.5 percent in women develop this type of chronic disease.
If Lum Bah Bo Bah Kong collapses, the Sutnga Hima will disappear from the face of the earth, and if Lum Iawpaw is the ground of the Maharam Hima, the Kynshi, Rilang, Khri and other rivers will disappear. The Hima of Nongkhlaw, Myriaw, Nongstoin and others will die.
Shillong, November 1: Speaking at a rally held at Madan Student on Saturday, the General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Federation (HNYF), Bah Sadon Blah, said that the ILP has been demanded by the political parties. They have seen far ahead the future of the nation, and they have seen that only the ILP can prevent the influx of mynder into the state.
The Father also said: “Now as it is I have told the Riewsaid and the Riewsaid has done everything necessary.
Police sources said that all the necessary arrangements have been made for the body of the woman.
Four robbers opened fire on Ajit and ran into the Alto and drove away.
Among the many political parties fielding candidates, only the Congress and the BJP have fielded candidates in all 60 constituencies.
Shillong: The maximum temperature in Shillong today was 14.1 degrees Celsius and the lowest in Sohra was 4.2 degrees Celsius. The highest temperature was 14.6 degrees and the lowest temperature was 5.2 degrees Celsius.
Nongpoh: The leaders of the Umroi Pyllun Youth Organization (RBYO) have strongly condemned the attack on Samla Tyngshain Makri, President of the Ri-Bhoi Youth Organization (RBYO). They have raided the clinker depot within the boundary of Umroi Pyllun village, because they have raided or used force without consulting or informing the village leaders.
Agreeing that the raising of issues is necessary, the Dy.CM said that what he wants to say is to request especially the opposition that when they raise issues, it will be sufficient if they sit together for making any decisions.
On the other hand, the union urged the government to take note of the issues raised by the leaders and not to insult the teachers by placing them in different positions but to give them equal pay.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Rangbah Shnong said that the reason for the overcrowding in Jhalupara is due to the infiltration of foreigners into the village which even the village does not know about.
Speaking to media after filing his nomination papers as the party's candidate for this constituency, he said that he is not surprised by the statements of these people. The VPP has turned to the VPP to release the imprisonment of the MLAs and leaders who have taught the people to build houses for themselves in every aspect of life.
(2) This verse is the life of a man who has been destroyed and his suffering is not because of the works he does but because of the works we do. .
“Earlier, these venues were not selected to host the World Cup.
Shillong will host the 12th South Asian Games 2016 along with Guwahati.
At the end of the fourth day, Meghalaya did not win any bronze medals, but won one silver and 12 bronze medals.
This tyndur was launched by the District Administration of West Khasi Hills in November
The Chief Minister's District Level Under-12 Football Tournament 2023, which was organized by the District Sports Officer, started on Tuesday at the Polo Ground.
He said that the former Chief Minister in 2017 had written to the Government of India to inform that the State Government has not yet canceled the personal interview.
Many discussions were held at the meeting on Aadhaar and how it affects the livelihood.
Former Syiem Paiem Laborious Syiem came to take part in the meeting.
Speech was also delivered by Samla Joplang Kharnaior who was the chief guest and Assistant Education Secretary of the HYC Central Body.
Home Minister Lalchamliana said that Assam has caused trouble in the past few months in three places, namely Thinghlun in Mamit district, Saihapui 'V' and Vairengte in Mamit district. District collaboration.
Ronit Zaidenstein, head of the Shamir Medical Center, which is treating the 17 Thais released by Hamas, said the 17 abductees had physical illnesses. because they have been fed food that does not build or strengthen their immune systems since they were taken by Hamas militants to Gaza.
You cannot fight against the laws and commandments that God has established.
The first Father of the parish, Fr.Pascal Lyngdoh, was the chief priest in the presence of dozens of priests from the parish. in different parts of the state, the country and internationally.
“On the other hand, the head of the company said that those who speak out, the company has already dismissed them for a while and he promised before the union to take strong action against them. “According to the statement, the officials of Topcem said that for those people who were injured on that day, the company will provide assistance, u He said that he could not have imagined that such a thing would happen on that day and apologized for the incident which has caused a lot of pain especially to the women, said the statement.
The first speech was delivered by Dr Jemino Mawthoh on the topic of “Environment Conservation and Volunteerism”. and encourage them to be clean starting from their own homes.
It was also informed that those households who do not have ration cards, but appear on the list of those who are eligible to receive them, according to the list sent by those people who have received permission from the Fair Officers. Price Shops, cannot get these benefits provided by the government.
These projects have now promoted the production of electricity, potash-based fertilizers and the use of press mud to produce Compressed Bio Gas (CBG).
Also present on the occasion were the Paliar clan, the Kharbani clan, the relatives, the wife of Bah Hubert, the San Kyntoid Sport Club, the disabled group, various political parties. KSU, HANM, WKSU, WYF, MYF, NPYF and others.
According to the teachings of the Second Vatican Council (1962-1965), Christians are citizens of two kingdoms, the earthly kingdom and the eternal heavenly kingdom. .
Shillong, Jymmang 7: The 108 Emergency Service Ambulance has celebrated its 7th anniversary on the 2nd of June, 2016; The agreement was signed between the state government and GVK EMRI in November 2008 and on 2nd June 2009 the 108 was launched in the state.
Therefore, if we today, don't work now to protect our nation, who else and when? The peace and freedom of the nation in our own country, even if we are poor, is more important. it is better for us to grow up than to steal them all from us.
He said that the next three tournaments will be held in November this year.
This has turned away those who said it was not right for the people's leaders to take to the streets.
Kabul: The death toll from an earthquake in Afghanistan has risen to 2,445, the deadliest in the country.
From Jowai: The polling for the JHADC elections from War East Constituency has been held smoothly without any incident or incident. Three candidates who have been nominated have come out to exercise their rights.
These include Risingsun Mukhla, Mukhla Umlangshor, Newhill, Mookaswan Dongwah, Lumbhahdakha, Madan Thadmuthlong, Mookyrdup, Lutituber, Lumkhangdong, Pateinki Sabah, Mulang Ialong, Moodop Royal, Madankynsaw, Myrjai, Youth and Dainoski. Walfare.
Syiem said that in collaboration with the Police, ANTF, Child Line, Child Welfare Committee and District Social Welfare Officer, we have found that about 15-16 children have been trafficked and we are trying to find them. the ways and means to deliver them from their sins.
At the same time, the various schemes implemented by the Meghalaya government in the area have been investigated so that it will not be in conflict, as there are villages which Assam has named or called in its own language while the Khasi The spirit is called and called in the language of the dead.
The MPF released this statement after the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma announced that the government will not implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state.
We are to submit ourselves.
Former MLA of Rambrai Jyrngam, Bah KP Pangñiang, former MLA of Rambrai Jyrngam, said that the infiltration of these people by the Assam government could cause trouble and disrupt the peace and order of the residents. Member of the Regional Committee on Border Dispute appointed by the State Government.
The project is part of Meghalaya's flagship programme, the Dairy Mission.
According to him, it would be a heavy burden for a small state like Meghalaya to provide the same benefits even to judges who have come for only three months and left the High Court of Meghalaya. .
Dimapur Police have raided a prostitution shop in New Market and rescued 17 women who were used in the crime.
In this regard, the drivers and leaders of the Jowai Alto Toursit Association and Mowkaiaw Tourist Taxi Association, while talking to the media, said that from time to time, the police of the Jowai Traffic Cell during the meeting. In charge of DH Pde, he asked for donations.
Leaders of the Youth Wing including Wympher Laloo as President, Da-O Toi as Vice President, Mewan Pyrtuh as Secretary and Deisar-mi Toi as Asst Secretary.
Nearly 6 million people have weathered the rain and snow to attend Pope Francis' mass in Manila, Philippines today. , the biggest of his trips to Asia.
In the letter, Bah Ardent said, “.
Prestone said the State Government has decided to prepare detailed proposals on this issue.
Because in these areas there are people who are involved in the marketing of this business who have enough money and know how to attract young women to get involved in these kinds of jobs.
“To write news just to stir up the public like this can last only one day and while they are doing this, I am sure that the public will lose confidence in such a newspaper which publishes false news,” he added.
Mawkyrwat, July 28: The 75th Anniversary of the Republic of South West Khasi Hills District was celebrated today by the Minister of Revenue, Ma Kyrmen Shylla. & Disaster Department of the Government of Meghalaya has hoisted the Lama of the country and taken the National Salute of the parade group including police, NCC and school children on the occasion of the 75th Republic Day. The ceremony was held at the ground floor of Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat.
Many will say this, but the truth remains.
In another match of the tournament, Ri-Bhoi College beat Khrawsing Christian College, Mawngap 3-0
Umdor said that the NHAI does not hand over all the National Highways to the state governments but has to look after them from time to time.
Furthermore, in the meeting with the Prime Minister, the union demanded to upgrade the NH6 to a four lane road to facilitate traffic and relieve traffic jam, as this road is the budlum of Meghalaya and connects also to other States.
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has promised to support the Government of Meghalaya in achieving its goals and also in the relocation of the headquarters and Secretariat to New Shillong Township. the next five years.
To prevent the spread of the disease, the Malangkona Out Post has been temporarily closed and all necessary measures will be taken to clean up the area around the outpost.
This letter was found recently after a thorough investigation by the Federation of Khasi States.
MeECL has taken action against these companies by cutting off the electricity supply for non-payment of electricity bill.
Police said Pynkhreh’s brother filed a written statement with police on Oct. 21, 2023, saying the teenager was missing.
Until now, the government has not allowed the smaller classes to attend schools (especially in the city) as usual.
He said that many projects under the water supply scheme have been implemented in the state worth up to T.2,000 crore.
Shillong: Sewa Pakshwada, the birthday of the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, which coincides with the birthday of Mahatma Gandhi and Teibor Lynrah, Sordar of Raid Kongthong, has organized this programme.
These training programs include Fashion Designer, Cosmetologist, Mason Tiling, Doors and Windows Fixer, Construction Painter and Decorator.
British Prime Minister Rishi Sunak on Tuesday launched his election campaign at the party's annual general meeting.
The meeting was attended by HYC leaders including Herculus Suting, General Secretary, Ri Bhoi, Rhemborji Saibon, Assistant General Secretary, Sengkmie, Miwell Shadap, Syiem of Raid. Nongtung, CSWO leaders, Sabuda Circle and other residents of the area.
The order was issued to prevent environmental damage and as part of compliance with the Waste Management Act and Plastic Waste (Amendment) Rules,
Revelation 20:9-1
However, it is also used from the Hindi word which means to prepare.
After a while, Nangbah Ïawmudiang scored the second goal through Dawanbiang Passah in the 55th minute.
She encouraged the KSU that after a meeting with Bah Nongseij in charge of the Infiltration Gate at Ratacherra, he admitted that they have fulfilled their duty according to the orders of the authorities day and night. hundreds of foreigners have been deported due to lack of documents.
Shillong: U Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) MLA Alexender L Hek on Tuesday said that it is the responsibility of the state government to visit the border areas once again and listen to the concerns of the residents. villages in the border areas why they do not agree with its decision on the settlement of the border between Assam and Meghalaya.
In his speech, he reminded the students of the importance of education and training in various fields and to pass on this knowledge to the future generations.
The Scheduled Castes are: (1) Bansphor (2) Bhuimali or Mali (3) British Bania or Bania (4) Dhupi or Dhobi (5) Dugla or Dholi (6) Diamond (7) Jalkoot (8) Jhalo, Malo or Jhalo -Malo (9) Kaibarta or Jalya (10) Lalbari (11) Mahano (12) Mehtar or Bhangi (13) Muchi or Rishi (14) Namasudra (15) Patni (16) Sutradhar According to the Amendment Act 1987 (Act 43 of 1987), the Scheduled Tribes and Scheduled Castes of Assam have been included as indigenous people of Meghalaya.
Ardent M Basaiawmoit urged the people of the state not to be misled by the speeches of the ministers and that the people should be ready to fight for the ILP in the state. .
There shall be no less than 8 players or more than 12 players.
While he and his brothers were looked after and cared for by his mother and elder brother.
Shillong, Nailar 22 : Mawmer Wahlyngkhat Club has won the title of the Independence Cup Football Tournament held by the MCA. All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Pynursla Mandal.
The curfew was imposed due to the outbreak of covid 19 in Guwahati.
Lyngïong village has more than 100 inhabitants and all of them are farmers.
Nongpoh: In part to express our condolences and condolences on the sudden and unclear death of two Garo people who died in Gurugram, Haryana on the 22nd of this month. and 23rd July, in order to condemn the incident and also to demand from the state government and especially the Chief Minister of the state, Conrad K. Sangma, to take action for the purpose of conducting an investigation. The Garo Students Union (GSU) Byrnihat on Saturday protested against the incident and demanded that the state government should take action against the incident. The sudden death of these two Garo people.
Therefore, we need a holistic health medicine, not drugs that cure the headache but cause side effects to the blood vessels or the kidneys. .
The program was enriched by songs from UP School Lawdisai. There was also a song by Bah Armstrong Thongni. of the 6th Schedule.
The union will send a letter to the Metrology Department to investigate this method of measuring and filling petrol at all petrol pumps in the state, so that it will not affect the public.
Khliehmawlieh have entered the MSL in 2019 but have not reached the knockout stages while Mawlai are the newest team to enter the MSL this year.
“The State has only to be mindful of any minor mineral mining license not being misused by the licensee to extract limestone for the propose of export thereof.
It is learned that the child was missing from 27th June 2019 to 1st June 2019 and the mother of the child was able to go to the nursery.
Earlier, Bah Alvin, President of the NPP Block, expressed his happiness to welcome Bah Hima to the NPP party. I respect him as a brother not only in politics but also to work together for the development of the country and the people of the constituency.
If you win MLA/MDC, you have freedom to spend the Government money which is the money of the people.
Paragraph 12-A and Paragraph 3 of the Sixth Scheduled create a conflict between the Government of Meghalaya and the District Councils.
“We have gathered here, to publicize a special scheme.
Dikyl Phawa also urged other parakurs who have more to help those parakurs who are in other villages.
In another development , the HNLC through its Publicity Secretary , Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw , has denied that Combart joined the party in 1996 and that he holds the rank of Major The party said it was just a lie and a forced promotion.
Bahunlang Sanglyne Basan, HR Administration of Meda Infrastructure, has lodged a complaint with the police regarding the incident. Out post, because the incident falls under the jurisdiction of Umsning Outpost.
Arjun will face Rishanskhem, Abhijit will face Shankar Pal in the pro amateur category. Khraw will face PRIYANUJ in the fly weight pro kickboxing category and Five-star will face NAZARETH. (fly weight pro MMA) and finally Kishan against RK (bantam weight pro MMA).
In Shillong, the rainfall from 8.30 am to 5.30 pm reached 18.8 mm, while yesterday, it was 11.8 mm; Meanwhile, the rainfall in Umiam was slightly lower, at 2.0mm today and 6.4mm yesterday.
Fifteen schools have participated in this tournament.
Before the meeting, Dr. Mukul laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Civil Sub Division, which is located in the area known as 'Phlangdkhi', the area donated by the Raid Shabong. .
Shillong: The public is informed that PHH and AAY scheme beneficiaries will be able to register for Aadhar from 30th November 2020 to 5th November 2020, from 10 am to 5 pm. evening at Jaiaw Langsning Dorbar Hall for the Jail Road and at the places of Jaiaw Langsning.
This came during the discussion on a motion by Bah Esmatur Mominin MLA Phulbari, who is an MLA of the NPP, through a motion.
When asked whether the government does not listen to their demands, he said, “We will fight in a peaceful manner and take to the streets to express our demands. “The government has not implemented the order of the court,” she said.
On the other hand, the Chairman of the Council of Chief Executive Members, Bah John F Kharshiing, in a meeting with the Chief Secretary, reminded of the Meghalaya State Finance Commission Act revenue between the State Government, District Councils, Traditional Bodies and Municipal Bodies.
Opposing this government's plan, children under the age of 14 under the banner of the Child Rights Movement have strongly opposed those who are forced to work as domestic workers due to neglect by their parents, poverty and other reasons. which made them lose all their childlike good feelings and demanded that the government should not change this law.
CCL is the company responsible for the maintenance of the National Highway
Suchen praised SURE for conducting this training.
Travelers from all over the Khasi-Jaintia Hills come to these areas.
We believe that empowerment will make people better informed and involved in economic development.
Jeremiah 23:3–4.
Farmers from Tamil Nadu have also brought with them the bodies of two fellow farmers who committed suicide. that, to go straight to Parliament.
Don't think about it.
Ex-Pastor K.LangrinThere are people who ask this – How many are righteous?  The answer is, No. There is not a single one who is righteous.
In the struggle there is victory and there is defeat, there is a winner and there is a loser, but it is the duty of those who win and are elected from among the fighters to carry the burden of the people. It is the duty of those who are elected to work for the welfare and needs of the people, without discrimination whether they are supporters or non-supporters.
The Seiñraij Mukhla under the leadership of the Langdoh Niam of the Raij Mukhla Rgh.Wanbha Lyngdoh together with the Waheh Sankur, the General Secretary and President of the Seiñraij Mukhla today held a Nguh Blei at the altar. The ceremony was held at Thadlaskeiñ Pond, Mukhla, West Jaintia Hills District.
The woman said that her son has become involved in hacker scams to cheat and steal illegal jobs even though he is very young and this is a danger to his family and to his own life if he cannot control and correct him from now on.
We will know when we meet with him.
Only here before we see that the number of man and God is different, so the thoughts are different, the ways are different.
Where else is Bah Let...?” asked Men Kmie. Maheh listened without saying a word.
He is considered one of the greatest players in the history of football.
“Therefore, due to the lack of salary, the man left the bank with great sadness and when he got home he committed suicide,” said Bah Doloi.
The ANTF, on receiving a tip that some people were trying to enter Ladthadlaboh, Mihmyntdu and other places to sell drugs, raided and arrested a vehicle while it was moving. The vehicle collided with a Maruti car AS 02 C 6737 at 4:30 PM.
In the first verse (dk.1)' I'll go.
Furthermore, God has made you His own child by holy Baptism, because He has loved you from eternity and loves you as a father loves his child.
Consult your doctor if you have cardiovascular disease as sudden fluid loss in the body can cause a sudden increase in your blood pressure.
: Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, today said that the state government has allowed to open only hotels in Shillong, Jowai and Tura.
“Bahdeng is the one who is sick.
It is understood that in the first or second month of July, the talks may succeed especially after the attack on the Secretary of the Hima Nongspung, Bah Michael Warjri by the mob recently at New Balakhawa on the border. and Assam.
At the opening ceremony, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the new district will bring closer working relationships with the people.
The Dorbar Shnong Mooopkep strongly condemns the behavior of foreigners who came to spread garbage and said that the village will follow up on this and if found any According to a statement sent by the Waheh Shnong Mookhep, Bah Denis Siangshai, the Waheh Shnong Mookhep will take strict action against those who throw garbage illegally.
He said that some of the villages in the new survey have been mapped and the Government of India has schemes for the people living in the border areas.
The Parish Priest of Sahsniang, Waheh Shnong Chanky Lyngdoh, former MDC of the area were present at the opening ceremony.
The villages where these organizations have been established include (1) Mawbyrne (2) Wahkdait (3) Pynter (4) Mawriang (5) Mawkajem (6) Mawlyndun (7) Sohlong (8) Pyrnai (9) Mawryngkang (10) Nongsder .
• Another 2% per annum interest rate on early payment.
Shangpliang said that more than 3000 members have resigned from the old party and joined the NPP in Mawsynram on Tuesday.
Meanwhile, the newly appointed MDC, Bah Bindo M Lanong, said that after 76 years, only this government is willing to introduce the idea of ​​implementing the UCC in India.
“I don't accept that MBoSE is inferior, we are on par with other boards as shown in the results,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
But why didn't they (the police) follow the rules?” asked Dr. Mukul.
However, in the second half, Ri Bhoi United FC played hard and didn't give NACO a chance, until they scored two important goals for the team, to qualify again. They will qualify for the quarter finals of this tournament.
Bah Syiem also urged the MPs leading Meghalaya and the North Eastern States not to give their approval and not to affect the situation in the state, as these are the The Central Government is trying to interfere with the way of life because if this Act comes into force we all have to follow the same way of life throughout the country.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: The Rice Social and Development Guild, Mawhtang has conducted a special training program for parents on the disease and also on the health of parents during poverty.
The name of the glory is different from the glory of the glory.
Dr Kharlukhi said this at a public meeting organized by the LNPC, Barato MDC Ma Aiborlang Shadap and the HBDRF at Barato village.
Similarly, the WE Card scheme, at the first meeting of the Cabinet, a decision will be taken to implement the WE Card, which will benefit women 1000 tyngka per month and 12000 tyngka per annum, he said.
As the head of the BJP-blessed government, the chief minister has to stand with the governor.
Hamza has also made 30 appearances for Leicester City this season and is a Premier League veteran with 53 appearances in various leagues. and he scored ten goals and assisted twice.
In fact, the law should be in order, and the MDA government should look after its own employees before interfering with non-government teachers.
Four of them were rescued and all four died.
Amaravati: A 40-year-old man was killed when the battery of his electric bike exploded and set fire to his bedroom in Vijayawada this morning. of Saturday.
Not only that, but they suffered a terrible tragedy in which the ninth king, Adolf Hitler of Nazi Germany, killed up to 60,00,000 Israelis from 1939AD to This is what Daniel had already told us.
This is the first time that a school from Sawsymper area has been able to produce students in the Top 20 of the SSLC conducted by MBOSE. She is the daughter of Daiahun Marwein and Arbiros Lyngdoh of Kmawanrum village. She is also studying at St. Ferrendo Secondary School Sawsymper. MBOSE. On this occasion, KSU Sawsymper Circle under the leadership of Belingstar Lyngkhoi (President KSU Sawsymper Circle), Macdonald Marbaniang (General Secretary KSU Sawsymper Circle), Samla Arkher Marwein (Education Secretary KSU Sawsymper Circle) ) in the presence of Jiedskhem Nongsiej (General Secretary KSU South West Khasi Hills District) and other members of the KSU visited the school to congratulate the teachers of the school and to encourage the student. “It's a memorable thing that it's the first time I've been ranked 20th. It's an honor not only for me and but especially to the Sawsymper area as a whole.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The Federation of Persons with Disabilities (FPWD) on Tuesday requested the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma to call for talk to the leaders of the union at least on or before the 5th of November to discuss the issues that the disabled have to convey to the Government.
“This action of the government is no different from the looting and wasting of public money to build and spend lakhs without benefiting the farmers,” said Bah Kurkalang.
Among these youths, 10 were selected by the judges as the top 10 winners and the winners were First Color Lathong, 19 years old. Rida L Nonglait, 15 years old, class 9 student of Kynshi Higher Secondary School, Kynshi, Eastern West Jaintia Hills District, and Phibalari Thongni, Fiuberth Ch Momin, 21, student of Class 11, St. Mary's Higher Secondary School, Rangblang, South West Khasi Hills District, Fastrossing Kharsyntiew , 21 years old and Pynshaibor Wahlang, 19 years old and studying in class 12 at Sibsingh Memorial Government Higher Secondary School, West Khasi Hills District; Excellency Turnia, 20, 1st Sem, Sngap Syiem College, South West Khasi Hills; Jehovahnni Nongrum, 22, 5th Sem, Nongstoin College, West Khasi Hills District; Gavy Jones Lyngdoh Marshillong 21 years old, 5th Sem, Nongstoin College, West Khasi Hills District; Wadamika Phalangki, 18, class 12, student of Government Girls' Higher Secondary School, Jowai, West Jaintia Hills District; Annyzza Gratel Lyngdoh 20 years old, 3rd Sem of Ri Bhoi College, Ri Bhoi District; and Anastacia Sun, 17 years old, in class 11 of Kynshi Higher Secondary School.
“If it's to others, I'll send 170,000,” said Bah Living. “Thank you very much for your friendship,” said Bah Bok. “So you want to buy another one?” he asked. “Yes, my children say to buy a cheaper car to be more comfortable and comfortable when traveling long distances,” said Bah Living. bah Bok “And this is your 2nd car, right?” “Yes, but I'll see if I'll put both or I'll run one,” said Bah Bok. “If you don't have it, it's up to you to sell it more. Bah Living “That's what you said,” agreed Bah Bok.
“We have decided to demand from the government to immediately suspend the decision to take the land of the people within two months,” said Wanlambok Kharsati, president of KSU Mawryngkneng circle.
He said that according to the GST, the central government will have to punish the states if they fail to achieve the revenue generation target set by the GST Council.
Lamboklang Mylliem has resigned recently as Parliamentary Secretary for fear of being involved in the nomination bill.
“We from the union have received information from the residents that Assam government officials have visited a place in Langpih Nongmynsaw Syiemship village known as Umsynrieh, which is under Umsohram Langpih. “It's the private property of Bah Bines Syiem Nongbah,” said Serbilin Lyngdoh, General Secretary of the party.
In fact, all these seven states are from Assam, as at present even Mizoram and Nagaland still have conflicts with Assam.
However, it is different from oxygen in that it does not help the fire, it burns the house on fire, but it does not burn the fire like oxygen.
With the second sword he was commanded that it was not his duty to protect his household, his clan, and with the third sword he was commanded to protect the kingdom: ba Myllung sings, “Because of the it, the kur, the jait, will stand the stieh, the sum and the wait”, without marking that it is also the law that 'Blood does not flow unless it eats'
“We cannot just accept that the allegation is true, we have to investigate to find out the truth,” said the President of KHNAM. “Until now we have not received any news from the UDP,” said KHNAM President Bah Pynshngain.
Nongpoh: The Magistrate from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, today visited the area where the Dha ba which is located inside the village and has affected the people and especially the people who are near the dhaba.
Shillong, March 3: The Minister of Social Welfare, Deborah C Marak today distributed gifts to the elderly at Mercy Home, Demthring Shillong on the occasion of the Elderly Month.
In the letter, he said that his resignation is for personal reasons and he wants to serve the people in another way.
The definition of the Khasi according to the Khasi Bill is Khasi, Pnar, Bhoi, War and Lyngngam, but it has been arranged that the Khasi are Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War and Lyngngam.
Ronnie said the traffic jam along the road has affected the residents of Upper Shillong and other parts of the state.
The incident occurred on 29th July 2020 at Madanriting. Police were informed on 30th July 2020 by the family members of the deceased.
" (KHB No.142,149).
There are 63 polling stations in Sohiong constituency and about 200 polling officers.
He came down to earth to become flesh and left the throne of King in heaven.
“This shows the incompetence of the leaders, who are corrupt, let the people themselves respond to this insult, the government, the people are still alive and not dead, the KSU East Jaintia Hills District has also expressed its concern over the landslide caused by the deterioration of the road. He said that this landslide has endangered the health of the people especially the young and old school children who walk along the road. who have suffered this terrible earthquake.
It is prohibited to khwai from Band Mupiah to Treïongriang from 7 th June-2021 until further notice. Anyone who violates will be punished according to the village rules.
Bah Khielangstar Nongbri, 30, resident of Wahnongkseh, Sohiong village, was stabbed with sharp weapons in the morning of the 6th of this month. In the month of April, Arbor Nongbri, who was identified as a brother-in-law, was in critical condition.
Khliehriat, November 03: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma today inaugurated the C&RD Block office at Lumshnong village, Narpuh district. The office will greatly assist the people of the area and will also promote economic development in the area. This Block also includes many villages on the border with Bangladesh.
He said that in government health centres, when someone goes to get injected because they have been infected with ksew, the health centers ask for the village certificate and they will not inject if the people cannot provide it so they have to run to their leaders. to get a certificate.
The JSM has decided to monitor these issues and fight until the demands of the people are achieved.
Dr E Laloo, Dr P Sumer, Dr F. Dhar, Dr R Talang who gave explanations on cow milk production, pig farming, cattle farming and treatment and prevention of diseases and others besides government schemes including Milk Mission, Piggery Mission and other government schemes.
The question now is whether Ma Shibun will form his new Executive Committee.
Praising the central government for taking the initiative to recognize the rights of domestic workers, Sanbor promised to bring before the government the rights of domestic workers. also assistance from state government schemes.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: U Janis Khong Sdir has been the winner of the Meghalaya Superstar 2016 which was attended by many young men and women from all over the state. Meghalaya.
Robert Khongriah scored the first goal in the 51st minute.
In this regard, our women, who are facing their problems in our families, can seek assistance from the One Stop Centers that the Government has set up in their homes. place of care.
East Khasi Hills has 36 new cases, Ribhoi and West Jaintia Hills have 7 cases each.
We must first strengthen ourselves.
Dr. Syiem said that as soon as he left the hospital, he started treating himself with herbal medicines, as he is also one of the herbalists who has lived for 16 years in this field. .
PK Pangniang, former MLA of the constituency, said that these areas, which have been withdrawn from the jurisdiction of Meghalaya by the GSI, include the Gizang Reserve Forest, the Hahim Reserve Forest. It falls under the jurisdiction of Jyrngam Sirdarship, Upper Tarabari, Langpih, Borduar, Boklapara, Nongwah-Mawtamur, Khanapara-Pillangkata, Deshdemoreah, Block I, Block II, Khanduli-Psiar and Ratacherra.
As part of the celebration of the National Voters Day 2024, Bah D.Synkon, District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District, read out the oath of office of the residents.
What is surprising is that every year there are many young people who pass in various courses in the field of health whether they are doctors, nurses, lab technicians and so on.
If you are not a resident you may be rejected.
Therefore, whatever is suitable for working and whatever places are suitable for working even during the rainy season can work but they need to be careful to avoid any incident,” said Prestone. talk to the press.
Voting will be accepted with EPIC but voters whose names are on the electoral roll will also be allowed to produce other witnesses if they do not have EPIC. 288 places where there is no light.
“In the past 10 days, the state government has allocated Rs 272 crore to the state government and this money will be delivered this month.
“Madonbai who has brought many changes in this village, in the past 100 years MLAs, MPs cannot work like him and he has contributed to build schools, provide clean drinking water wells and roads. “It's been a long time since I've spent billions of rupees in Khliehtyrshi,” said Ryngkhlem.
If the Village Authorities are concerned, they can send a message to the Government to send explanatory officers on various diseases from time to time.
“From now on, the party will cooperate with the children who are the rishot of the nation and also with the pastors to develop the nation by joining hands,” he said.
Pala said he supports the HNLC's peace talks despite any demands, because as a small nation he does not want to see bloodshed.
The formation of the new government has accelerated in recent days after the election of Satish Upadhyay as the BJP leader in Delhi and Amit Shah as the party's national president. .
He said that the ainrew on kur ki jait is for the purpose of uniting the various kurs and recognizing the kurs and kur organizations including to regulate the working methods of the various kur organizations.
Jowai, 7 Naiwieng: Many farmers in Nongkhlieh area, have faced a serious problem, in which they have had to harvest their rice without yet harvesting. It is time, only because of the eating of a species of insect known as the Raphut insect on the rice in their fields.
He urged the youth to train and get inspiration from this festival and this will be a way to develop and transform the Film Industry in the state and this will bring great success to the film industry. they.
Shillong, Naiwieng 3 : UDP Leader Bindo M Lanong has expressed his dissatisfaction with the Election Department of Meghalaya for allegedly distributing money to the people of Nongkrem Constituency. The department said that nothing can be done because the Model Code of Conduct has not yet come into force.
Jowai: Chief Executive Member (CEM) Madonbai Rymbai has handed over a work order of T.15 lakh to the school managing committee of Sohmynting Dongneiñ LP School, West Jaintia Hills District for the construction of a school. new on 22nd July
Their lives are not to find peace from this world even to the door of God.
Chief Minister BS Yediyurappa has strongly criticized H Nagesh, Minister in charge of Excise Department of the State Government, for issuing this statement, especially at such a time. Karnataka has experienced severe floods.
A total of 123 Nakas have been deployed in different districts of Manipur, both in the hills and in the plains and police have arrested 1,581 persons. related to the incidents of riots that broke out in various districts of the state, the statement said.
Initially, there was a flower laying ceremony and physical activities such as Football and Basketball. beit bad you slowly slowly.
At the same time, Bah Pakyntien requested the Prime Minister and the Minister of Home Affairs to expedite the Chief Vigilance Commissioner to expedite the investigation into the misuse of public funds.
For more than 10 years, the state government has ordered the municipal to empower the Harijans at Mawlong Market, but they have refused.
Eladmi Pastieh (8 min) and Donlang Kharsyiemiong (41 min) scored the second goal for Lumpyngngad SC.
He said the police department also has a Cyber ​​Crime Wing to investigate fraud through the use of technology and there are currently about 42 complaints against cyber crimes.
Therefore, you elders or Gaun Bura, please warn the people if anyone is against it, and please inform the people.
Speaking to reporters, Gurjit Singh said, “The HPC will inform on this matter only after they have discussed with their Muktiar”.
In the Gospel of Matthew 25:35-36, Jesus explains to believers and the Church the basis of judgment at the last day.
165 SHG bank accounts were opened and 10 SHG bank accounts were distributed to 10 SHGs. T.6,80,000/.
In the letter, he said that these families who have lost their loved ones should get their rights.
Christmas is a time of joy and hope to honor and remember the incarnation of the Son of God Jesus Christ.
Signs of thyroid disease and foods that can help thyroid function.
When asked whether the Hindi language was ordered by the Central Government to forcibly introduce Hindi as alleged, Bah Hek denied it and said that the various Governors in the states of India have ordered the Hindi language to be forcibly introduced. There are those who speak English, there are those who don't and the Governors speak in the language they can speak and the Governor of the State is more comfortable speaking Hindi.
The Kyrmen Foundation was founded by Khliehriat MLA and Minister of State Kyrmen Shylla.
The KSU has acknowledged the government's intention to abolish and close down the CMJ University, but said that the problem is where the students of the university will go and where their future will be. you arrive.
Nursing and Curriculum for Post B.Sc.
However, these days many businessmen have come out to contest elections because their purpose and goal is to hold power and earn money. They should increase their wealth and inheritance not to really provide that service for the people, not to carry the burden of the people.
As an MDC, Bah Charles Marngar, said that he will work for the betterment of the people and urged the village leaders in the border area to be united. so that they can protect the border of the state.
Shillong: Opposition MLA Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the government has taken many measures to curb the spread of the coronavirus in the state. but the truth is one.
The death toll in the past 24 hours has risen to
Therefore, the club strongly requests the residents of Nongthymmai Pyllun to come and encourage and support the club on this final day.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, today said that to find ways and means to reduce the cost of treatment for Covid-19 patients in private hospitals, You cannot form a Consultative Committee.
Prof (Dr) S.Vijay Singh, HoD, Dentistry Department, explained the importance of cleaning the teeth and mouth.
Out of the four MDCs who have confirmed to join the NPP, two have already confirmed.
A Vatican document, Instrumentum Laboris (June 24, 2014), on the role and mission of the family states that “families must be rediscovered as essential tools in evangelism”.
Speaking on the target of creating 5.5 lakh jobs in the next five years, the Minister said, “If we count, we will create about 1 lakh jobs in the next five years. ".
Bah Witting Mawsor, Chairman of the Mawsor Kur, said that in fact the constitution of the kur was drafted in 1966 and was written by the ancestors of the kur Mawsor, but now it has been amended and Some of them have been revised which are no longer suitable for today.
Most Rev. Wilbert Marweiñ said that in the Word of God there is eternal life.
The Chief Superintendent of Police (DGP) R Chandranathan today visited the scene after 36 days of the incident. Sil Kharmalki, Commissioner Secretary, Political Department, said that the spokesperson, who is in Shillong, has already been appointed. regarding the assistance in the rescue and recovery of the bodies of these workers who were drowned inside the illegal coal mine.
There is no problem if the government wants it.
Before the introduction of these mobile phones, the landline, which we know as the BLL, came into being. such as in 2002 or
This is a demonstration of the way of life of the Khasi, especially the elderly.
However, she admitted that the Department of Arts and Culture has not yet built a statue of Tirot Sing Syiem. made by non-governmental organizations.
Hundreds of party workers and supporters attended the rally.
The JSU is ready to file a case when the courts start opening because the JSU has sufficient evidence, said the President of the JSU, Samla Lawyerson War.
Shillong, November 18: The Director of Higher and Technical Education of Meghalaya, CP Gotmare, today said that the government has no knowledge of the non-opening of the Techno Global University.
The DSEO, on the other hand, expressed its satisfaction to see that the school has improved rapidly.
Shillong, June 22: The Coordination Committee on International Border (CCIB) today demanded that the Central Government should conduct a survey before erecting a sign on the Bangladesh border.
The reason why the Supreme Court, in this case “Indra Sawhneyvs Union of India” has ruled that the word “adequate representation” does not need to mean that the reservation must be based on the number of paid, is that At this time, the share of SCs was 15% and STs 7.5% for a total of 22.5%.
Shillong, Naitung: The Meghalaya State Skill Development Society (MSSDS) has celebrated the World Youth Skills Day on the 15th of this month under the theme “Skilling Teachers, Trainers & Youth for a Transformative Future”.
He said that this road is like the budlum of the trade and especially during the time of illness or childbirth it puts the people in great trouble. because of the wickedness of this road.
“On the other hand, the JAC has said that the residents of Sohiong Hima have no knowledge of this act of this lyngdoh. Thabah, S.Jalong, Minister of Sohiong Hima and PS Jana, Executive Member of Sohiong Hima,” he said.
On the other hand, Punia told Shah that the runners did not want the rally to be too crowded.
Pastor HL Marsing, speaking on this topic, spoke in three parts, the call, the disobedience and the repentance of Jonah. the lives of Christians today, who often rebel, disobey, and often walk according to the law of God.
The MLA also urged the government to look into and allow the youth of the area to enter the Grade IV jobs, as a sign of respect for the village's donation of land.
In the Under-13 Boys Single, Mandapkupar Wanniang won, in the Under-15 Boys Single, Adrian Syiemlieh, Wansaphi Marpna (Under-15 Girls Single), Adrian Syiemlieh and Mebakyrshan Iawphniaw ( Under-15 Boys Doubles), Arbin Khardewsaw (Under-17 Boys Single), Dedaphi Marpna (Under-17 Girls), James Anderson Kharlyngdoh and Mebakyrshan Iawphniaw (Under-17 Boys Double), Wansaphi Marpna and Deidaphi Marpna (Under-17 Boys Double), Given Warder Lyngdoh (Under-19 Boys Single), Jessica Wanniang (Under-19 Girls Single), Pynkhaliñkupar Wanniang and Given Warder Lyngdoh (Under-19 Boys Double), Wansaphi Marpna and Deidaphi Marpna (Under-19 Girls Double), Given Warder Lyngdoh and Judita Wanniang (Under-19 Mixed Doubles), Given Warder Lyngdoh (Men Open Single), Superson Wahlang and Kynsaibor Thongni (Men Open Double) ), Balancy Lyngkhoi (Women's Open Single) and Balancy Lyngkhoi & Joycyful Nongrem (Open Women's Double).
Police XI (WJHDEF) reached the semifinals after beating Veterinary XI 6-1 in the Football Inter Office tournament organized by the MSGEF at Kiang Nangbah Stadium. on Thursday.
Those who own land don't give it to the government so that it can't build roads.
He said that some people have asked for free land to build a hospital and medical college and use the doctoral education fund for the state.
It was directed by Johni Meitei and Kangabam Bikram for the film Eikhoigi Yum.
The protest lasted for less than two months until the state government had to shut down the internet to prevent the spread of the news and to curb the violence.
The categories for the trial include Under-17 and Above-17 including men and women.
We demand that the Government should deploy Medical Teams to take care of the COVID-19 pandemic in the border areas”.
When asked about his only protest, Bah Kitbok said that his only protest is because the government has enacted Section 144 CrPC and he does not want to violate the law. you rule the law.
And the blessing is that all these state universities do not teach in Tien I mei.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The NPP candidate Conrad K Sangma has defeated the Congress candidate Dikkanchi D Shira in the Tura Lok Sabha by-election. The Congress-led MUA-II government has been working hard to overthrow the MUA-II government.
“We don't know anything about such news.
And I hope they will, and we will talk.
At the same time, the SK Coke coke factory does not have a CTE permit but has started burning since the past few months, said Supooh.
However, it is forced and with the permission of the residents, it is because there is a status quo in which they expect the Assam government to respect and will not interfere if the Meghalaya government implements anything. schemes in the area.
WJH, which did not take possession before the first tied, scored 146 runs for the loss of eight wickets in 20 overs.
The HNLC has refused to hold peace talks with the government, alleging that the HNLC has failed to address four major demands, including the dropped cases against the leaders and others. the leaders of this organization.
He said the government will seek a reply from the CMJ University and the decision on this will depend on the facts that will be found.
That decision will be announced on the day of the vote and there will be those who will not change.
“But it has increased a lot compared to what it was for the first time last year.
On the third day of protests, about 5,000 people gathered in Pakistan, 4,000 in Lahore and 2,000 blocked the road linking Islamabad and Rawalpindi.
Police have taken the body to the morgue room of Jowai Civil Hospital. Police have not yet found anyone to take the body.
The Pope went to him and said, "I think you are an artist, my son?" The young man said he was not an artist, but said he came to Rome to learn about painting and coloring.
The President of FKJGP said that the crowd at the Marathon was not because the people went to watch or take part but the people who were present on that day were all the refugees who were sacrificed.
In response, Israel has sent up to 3,00,000 troops within the past 48 hours to fight against the militants.
In the city, the world is now ruled by the sun.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah TW Chyne expressed his gratitude to the opening of the District Council Courts which is a major milestone for the District Council. The court has been closed for some time but today it was opened to the public.
On the other hand, Prestone Tynsong said that the members of the COVID-19 Committee should educate the elderly about diabetes, high blood pressure and TB and others. of.
Niamtre children from children, youth men and women as well as parents from different villages including Iawmusiang, Seintyllilang Ladthadlaboh, Ummulong, Seinraij Shillong The youth of the Khynroo Khyllood Committee of Seinraij Jowai also participated in the festival.
Five vehicles of Assamese were attacked by the Khasi and they were sitting in a Bolero Pick Up number AS25BC-9830, AS01GC-8701, AS01EC-0969, AS01GC-4 can identify number.
The training began with a prayer and welcome song by the students of Holy Child School.
From the previous investigation, it was learned that such a meeting was held on July 13 in which many members attended, the statement said.
According to a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police (City), East Khasi Hills District, Bah Vivek Syiem, during the Puja days, the police conducted patrolling to maintain peace and order. to prevent any tragic incident across Shillong.
There are cases where in those families where the parents work together, it is relied on the employees to provide food or school supplies for the children because as soon as they wake up, the children arrive at school.
His remains were buried in Calcutta.
“The world cannot hate you, but it hates me.” These are the words Jesus spoke when the Jews sought to kill Him.
They went in pairs from one village to another, and stole money, grain, cattle, sows and other things.
“I have started this project since I became Minister of the department on 27th November, 2021. I have started this project until it has been completed.
In a supplementary question, Sun asked about the information from the Commissioner & Secretary of the Ministry of Mining and Geological Affairs on 13th November 2018, in the report that the coal has been mined. The Chief Minister said that 1.34 crore MT of coal from the four districts has increased to 32 lakh MT. The NGT has reduced the estimate to 95 lakh MT, but after the coal owners requested for a re-estimate, it was sent to the Supreme Court. India has received an estimate of 32 lakh MT for auction.
Has the Government of Meghalaya accepted this? On the other hand, many groups in Nagaland have expressed their strong opposition to the ruling BJP government's attempt to introduce this bill which aims to make us all one nation. .
The BJP won from Zikzak constituency in the Assembly constituency of Mahandraganj.
According to him, an agreement has already been signed between the Home (Jail) Department and the Urban Affairs Department for the relocation of the Shillong District Jail to the new Shillong township.
Vice President (VP) of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) and former Umroi MLA George B Lyngdoh has decided to join the National People's Party (NPP). rule now the State, in the coming days.
What is more interesting is that the road to reach this stone is made of natural stones and trees, not by man-made roads.
The Chutwakhu Social Welfare Local Durbar, Jowai has donated money to the Chief Minister's Relief Fund (CMRF) for COVID-19 as part of its support to the State Government in the fight against the spread of the disease.
SHILLONG: The opposition Congress Party has said that it will repeal the CAB if it comes to power in the Lok Sabha elections.
He said that they have already submitted all the documents including the map from 1896 and the notifications 1957-58 relating to the disputed areas with Assam.
When asked whether the BJP will once again join hands with the National People's Party (NPP) to form a coalition government, Sanbor said he has not yet decided on that, but it will be decided. until after the meeting with Himanta Biswa Sarma, Chief Minister of Assam.
Regarding the resistance of the booksellers to implement NCERT books immediately, Rakkam said, “For some reasons, this year we cannot implement fully but from next year, we will ensure that all the schools should not use the school books required by the MBoSE”.
At the same time, the MLAs also praised the hard work of the police in the past few months in which they have arrested many big traffickers and seized drugs worth billions of rupees.
The Congress in Williamnagar constituency has been encouraged after BJP leaders joined the party to support the candidate Deborah C Marak.
The Court also fixed the next hearing of the case for May 3, 2023.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) RIST-USTM Unit led by Samla Nestalcalvin Thongni as President and Samla Jefferson Phawa as General Secretary. On 22nd July 2022, the President of the University of Meghalaya (USTM) has demanded and urged the administration of the University of Science and Technology (USTM) not to celebrate the day. Rev Thomas Jones, the father of Khasi writing, has run the classes and offices.
“The Seng will always be with Khanduli village especially when they face such problems,” said the statement.
Must know well first, each other.
The union also expresses its anger against these smugglers because when there are cows that die on the road they cut and sell them in the markets according to the information of the residents.
Sortok is the name of the city, Kam u Khla Wait knows you all.
By Bah Philip MarweinThe most terrible and widespread war in society is drug abuse.
At a time when the world is struggling with the impact of Covid-19 in terms of low income due to various reasons, India has been able to ensure food security for the poor and the weak in society by taking the necessary steps to provide food at low prices for the poor.
Earlier, Roy had shot dead his wife, Iarlin Khongtani, after a heated argument between him and her.
This was stated by Samla Marngar while speaking at the opening ceremony of the KSU Mawshynrut Circle in Mawthengkut on 31st October.
During these difficult times, the child should not breathe on his own or should not have an unnecessary struggle.
In a statement sent to the Deputy Commissioner, signed by John Nongrum, President of the HYC and Hercules Suting, General Secretary, the HYC said that the reason for the HYC's opposition to the The Pool Party was held after the party saw through a video clip appeal that the group had invited young men and women.
These are the signs of the threat to democracy and for these reasons, the people of India want Mamata's Trinamool in Bengal to remain.
The request came after the State Head of GVK EMRI-108, Deepankar Choudhury, gave 72 hours to the State Government to terminate the contract. The Joint Mission Director of the National Health Mission (NHS) has called for a meeting with the leaders of MEMRIWU. to take the demands of the party to the authorities.
“But I want to ask him, isn't the VPP one of those other Tit parties? He preached for change but ended up switching from one party to another.
These two teams will play in the U-7 and U-1
Trinamool Congress has been in power for 34 years and has come to power in West Bengal for 3 times. We don't need to prove to anyone that we are against BJP. India has a chairperson who stands against any issue, it is the Trinamool against the BJP. We don't need to prove this and we don't need any syrnod”.
I congratulate the local entrepreneurs who have worked hard to establish the trade and who have contributed significantly to the income.
The BJP in Meghalaya is pleased to see that the President has been able to take part in the meeting of the people of Meghalaya to discuss the issues and needs of the people of Meghalaya. on Saturday.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02 : The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday demanded that the State Government should reduce the registration fee for land in Ri Bhoi District. The people especially in the border areas have turned to Assam.
This law shall not apply until the end of the election.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: In other elections like MLA and MDC, it has been seen that the crowd has gathered to vote at the Polo Ground, and it has been seen that they have been dancing and rejoicing while the candidates were announced. There were no supporters of any candidate who came in groups but there were only a few people sitting outside the polo ground. .
Shillong: U Pynsuklang Khongwir (38), son of Thirmai Khongwir, has been killed in a severe earthquake at Lumkynsai, Smit at 12 noon today. , died in the incident.
Pastor PBM said that he will be the most successful person if the ballot papers are used in the Lok Sabha elections 2019 and the Pastor also suggested that the counting of votes should be equal. He said that this is what other countries in the world do and therefore, he wonders why they don't do it in India. , because it will reduce the cost of guarding these EVMs for many days.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Kong Jyrwa said that after the government has been asked to complete the DPR and also to start the construction of the 13mile road to Killing, which is also the most important road in the area, The union has not taken any action on the demands of the union, so the union will not refuse to take this step to hold an untimely strike as a demand to expedite the construction of this road. .
And if any man ask you, Why do ye loose him? And ye shall say, The Lord hath need of him;
On the coal issue, Sanbor said the party, in its election manifesto, in the MLA elections 2018, has promised to resolve the ban on coal mining, if it comes to power in the state. After the elections, we won only two MLAs. Now we would have been able to resolve this issue if we had formed our own government in the state,” said Bah Shullai.
In terms of transportation, many countries around the world have started to turn to better, more sustainable and more environmentally friendly options.
Police have registered a case at Khliehriat PS and the investigation is ongoing and the search for other suspects is ongoing.
Most of the land in Shillong falls under the jurisdiction of the Cantonment Board which belongs to the army.
Police have arrested the suspect from Mirjumla, Monabari. Police have identified him as Chakeawat Hussain.
The marathon will start from Liarbang, continue through Liarkhla, Kdonghulu, Thadnongiaw, Khweng, Mawbri, Nongrim Nongladaw, Mawtneng, Umshaproh and end at Kurkalang Bhoirymbong Square.
The Waheh Shnong expressed his condolences to the family and at the same time urged the government and the MLA of the area to help the family who suffered this tragic incident.
The Chief Minister congratulated the farmers on the occasion of Meghalaya Farmer's Day and said that the money has been sent to the farmers. it's the ram but it's the cranes.
We welcome the inclusion of Hindi in schools in the state.
The Government of India is ready to borrow up to Rs 7.8 trillion for the year 2020-2021 from 1st June
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) Northern Region today met with Dr.M Mawrie, DM&HO of Ri Bhoi District and Grace Mihsil, Medical Superintendent of Nongpoh Civil Hospital. The complaint was received from several unemployed youths, who alleged that there is no proper employment by the state government at the Trauma Centre, which is located in Nongpoh.
Speaking to reporters, the President of Khooid Ya Ka Wah Myntdu, Khroo L Pariat, expressed his gratitude to all those who came to attend this day and to explain to others about the cleanliness.
He said that in a letter to the Supreme Court, the government's intention to link Aadhar with the National Population Register (NPR) will be explained.
On the other hand, a woman from Lad Rymbai area said that the ban on coal mining has affected the people of the area so much that they have found it difficult to buy their food items.
However, the ejahar said that while she was on her way home, the robbers had robbed her at a place known as the woman's house, where they raped her and after arresting her. and they took away my life.
Shillong: Two candidates have filed their nomination papers for the election of the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi District Council to be held tomorrow.
Furthermore, the union said that if these vehicles load cement/clinker by 100 tonnes per day, it will have a serious impact on the people, school children and passengers especially the vehicles carrying the sick. difficult.
Speaking as the chief guest, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, while addressing the 50th Anniversary Celebration, praised the service and selflessness of the policemen of this Battalion.
Regarding some of the most important issues in the state which have been demanded for a long time such as the inner line permit (ILP), the inclusion of the Khasi language in the fifth schedule of the The Constitution of the country, the border with Assam and the border between India and Bangladesh, Manuel said that to work with the people, not all of us. The Khasi language is not a new issue since 1999, the discussion has been going on, it is not an issue that has emerged only in the last 15 years and it is the duty of the MP to raise these issues. that mat manla you por.
Dr Ampareen said that these 200 people have come to register themselves and it is not known how many more, because there are girls who do not want to undergo the tests.
Paul Macri was buried at the Catholic Cemetery in Mawprem.
Regarding the problem faced by the residents of the area, the journalists also spoke to the Sordar of Nongkseh, Bah Kisolphrangsngi Kharsyntiew who expressed his concern. He said that since the construction of the road started in 2012, no maintenance has been done.
Nongstoin, Naitung 31: The CEM of KHADC and his committee have called a meeting with the opponents and supporters of the Nongstoin-Rangblang-Wahkaji road. refused to attend the meeting.
The day is 7 years with 3 years +3 years = 7 years.
As the days went by, the college was able to build its own college in 1982 and in 1983 it immediately started its own college and was moved from the Theological College.
And the devil went out of him" Acts 16:1
In 2003, he won the election as MLA from Sohiong Constituency from the Congress party and held the seat until
Shillong, November 15: The session of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly will start tomorrow and continue till the 23rd.
“This day should inspire each and every one of us in our lives to be connected with the great legacy of Tirot Singh so that our honor to him on this day will be “It shouldn't be just a once-a-year event,” said Bah Paul.
After a while, their brother-in-law immediately went to look for help, after that, when the brother-in-law came from the village, he too fell into the same trap.
The number of cases has risen to 12,38,635 with 4,26,167 undergoing treatment and 7,82,606 recoveries, the health ministry said. .
An additional T.1,500 crore will be allocated for this new scheme.
Student Student 5.
The book “The Story of Our Foreign Mission (Presbyterian Church of Wales) by John Hughes Morris, Liverpool 1930) tells of this event as follows: “The year 1897 will remain in the history of the Mission as the year of the great earthquake.
“Even in the 2011 report, it is clear that Mukroh belongs to Meghalaya.
In his opening remarks, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui said that this is a time of challenge and in India we have witnessed forty types of laws, some of which benefit and some of which affect the future generations.
Speaking at the function, the Governor congratulated all the Scouts and Guides who have received the Rajya Puraskar and said that the celebration of this day is a reminder of their vision. founders, who recognized the importance of Scouts and Guides in shaping the lives of the youth.
New Delhi, Lber 29: The Meghalaya and Assam governments today signed a soskular to approve the new demarcation in six out of 12 disputed areas for 50 years.
Regarding the Border Outpost in the border areas, he said the government has sent 30 personnel to work full time at the Border Out Post at Mukroh, West Jaintia Hills.
There are 929 polling stations in these three districts.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 27: The road is one of the most important issues that the rural people want the government to provide.
The five clubs that want the AIFF to hold a meeting to discuss the issue include East Bengal FC, Mohun Bagan, Chennai City FC, Aizawl FC, NEROCA FC, Minerva Punjab FC, Churchill Brothers and Gokulam Kerala FC. In the past 10 years, there has been a new preparation for the implementation of the football league in the country, where the current I.League may drop to the second division to recognize the Indian. Super League, as one of the country's leagues.
There are currently 85,000 Jews in Israel, Isaac Thangjom, executive director of Degel Menashe, told India Today, an organization that helps repatriate Jews in Manipur. and Mizoram.
He urged the district authorities to ensure that all those who deserve to benefit receive this.
The residents said that the tower at Lad Sohbar has not been operational yet as mobile phones are often not operating in the border areas with Bangladesh.
(Sda sah means that there is no eight, sda lait means that there is no eight).
He said that other district councils like KHADC and GHADC are up to them whether they need to do as the GHADC wants. MCS office as Secretary of the Council.
The UDP, which is in charge of the Kam Pohing department, has denied that it has any knowledge of those High Level officials who are involved in business in the state.
In the quarter final match, Iewduh Sports Club (Lyngkyrdem) beat MLP Football Team by tie breaker.
Shillong: The crematorium of former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee will be brought to Shillong for burial in the Umsyrpi River.
Although the young man had strength and ability, he could not fulfill his life because of his shortcomings.
The fierce contest between the BJP and the Congress will be in Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh and Rajasthan although they will also contest in Telangana.
The implementation of the clamp by the Shillong Traffic Police has not affected the drivers as the drivers have parked their vehicles even in places where it is written “No Parking”, which has caused them inconvenience. drivers who follow the rules of driving and pedestrians.
Momin recalled that the government had made it clear to the political parties at a meeting held in November last year, saying that all complaints against the civil society groups who are fighting for ILP will be withdrawn. .
“But those things which proceed out of the mouth come forth from the heart; and they defile the man.
The union also found that there are many other shortcomings of the school, including not only the absence of one teacher in the last 11 years, but also the absence of its own school building. and this which they now hold is the council hall of the village.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest and the Chief Guest's Secretary encouraged the Pastors, Elders and all the members of the Bible Society of India Mawkyrwat Branch for their efforts. part of the service of God to spread the message of God's salvation around the world to explain according to the faith of Christians who believe according to the Word of God (Bible) especially to those who do not know about the Word of God Blei is not alive.
The vehicle collided with the ICFAI campus, which caused damage to the vehicle and the campus as well.
He said that he didn't say anything rude or rude. “I didn't go to byrngem, I didn't go to kob, I don't like to say rudely, it's just an attempt to insult me,” he said.
On the other hand, the union has given 15 days to the government to repair the road, otherwise the union will take strong protest measures.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: A Havildar policeman named Sengbath Marak has been shot dead by GNLA militants and seriously injured.
Shillong, Lber 27: Speaking at the Special Session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today, Bah HS Shylla MDC from Nongkrem said that he will publish a book called 'Please Arrange' Shylla said the book is based on the events in the District Council which clashed with its former Secretary Welljune Syiemlieh. Welljune, I'll name you Welldone,” he said.
Why don't we bring these companies to our state?”, said Saleng.
“If you want, you don't have to worry about the Central Government or the State Government implementing the ILP because the implementation of the ILP differs from one state to another. Meghalaya is the gateway to other states and it is unacceptable,” said Lambokstar.
The deadline for filing nominations will be from 31st January to 7th February
The Governor was accompanied by the SP of West Jaintia Hills, Bikram D Marak.
In this regard, the KSU WKHD Unit has also met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Arun Kumar Kembhavi IAS to request him to take action. The purpose of the meeting was to provide immediate compensation to the three families who were affected by the fire.
“Our nation also has its own political history.
Similarly, if a candidate wants to contest an election, he should first ask the party leaders how many lakhs or crores the party can give him/her in the election if he contests and gets a ticket from that party. party.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, said that this will free them from the exploitation of others and give them free will.
The office bearers of HANM Mawshynrut are President Armstrong L. Nonglait, Vice President Marshanlang Rongrin, Secretary Biningstar L. Marshilong, Assistant Secretary Khrawbok Marthong and other office bearers along with 30 members.
Referring to the failures of the MDA Government, Mamata said, “What has the Government done in the last five years? I ask them to show their report cards on what they have done in the past five years.
Young men who are qualified and intelligent should not turn to this work by looking at the stars in the sky.
Heavy and light trucks will be closed on 1st November 2014 all day.
“I have only one thing to say that he should focus only on the affairs of his own party,” said UDP Vice President Allantry F.Dkhar in an interview with the media. BJP National Secretary Rituraj Sinha has criticized the Defense Minister, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, for failing to protect the lives of the people living on the border after the incident at Mukroh.
Later, it collected the garbage and went to Marten, Mawiong which had to be stopped after the opposition of the Mawlai Youth Association.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad said there is a dispute regarding the land, because there are those who are in conflict with the land of the Forest Department, there are private land, there are objections. from the residents and this has stalled the construction of the road.
Because of this, the Sixth Schedule of the Special Act to protect the minorities has not been introduced.
The Narcotic K-9 Unit in collaboration with the ANTF conducts surprise searches of vehicles along the roads in urban/village areas and in areas where drug trafficking is more common.
They let too many people inside.
If there are urgent and unavoidable matters, such as illness and others, people should inform the village authorities before entering and leaving the village and should also remember to follow They should follow the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare such as wearing masks, social distancing and others when they come to Sohphoh.
In the first leg, Dulong SC beat Luti Tuber Ialong SC 1-0 in the 35th minute of the second half. Dulong's Do Lakiang scored the first goal.
The meeting also demanded that the government should immediately pay compensation of T.10 lakh to the families of these two persons.
The AAP has decided to nominate Bah Ameringtone Kharshiing, a retired Forest Service (IFS) officer, who is also the State Coordinator of the AAP and founder of the AAP. He is also a strong supporter of Anna Hazare.
“Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God:John 3:3;
“Every time the employees of JHADC come to our village and try to take the land of our residents who have applied for Land Holding Certificate (LHC) to register their land with the JHADC. “I would like to inform you that these employees of JHADC who come to survey the land, often demand money from the people of our village and they have a fixed price and cannot be reduced,” said Ma Pala. the Revenue Officer of the Council.
After the ceremony, before returning to the Seng, Mawkhar, Rgh Hammar Singh Kharhmar Cultural Secretary Seng Khasi Kmie gave a welcome speech, a prayer by Rgh Donbokstar Kurkalang, and a prayer by Rgh Donbokstar Kurkalang. Rgh Rubi Binong, President Seng Khasi Raid Marngar unfurled the flag and followed by a prayer by one of the members of the U Tymmen U San Group. They went back to Seng's house, along with the phawar.
If the education department does not take action, the fees of the LP students this year may be lost as the deadline has been set at the end of November for this year.
These organizations have opened branches in many areas and villages.
The election of Timothy as the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma was announced after no other candidates, except Timothy, who filed their nomination papers for the election. u Symbud Chief.
After the promulgation of these Rules, Hindus, Sikhs, Jains, Buddhists, Parsis and Christians from Pakistan, Bangladesh and Afghanistan have entered India until November 31, , because of persecution for their faith or religion, who have sent documents to request the government to grant them citizenship of India.
And think of his wisdom, that he has shared his wisdom with all creation.
Replying to a question on the protest by the President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, Charles said, “We don't want to say anything about the protest. other organizations do.
Conrad, who described Dr Donkupar as his father, leader and teacher in the Khaddar rule, expressed his indescribable sorrow over the sudden passing away of Dr Donkupar.
The NPP will announce its candidate at its meeting on the 22nd to contest from Tura.
Therefore, unless there is an amendment to the law, it will be difficult to avoid being employed.
Opening the meeting, Bah PN Syiem, Chairman, KHADC, said that the time has come to find ways and means to get clarity and protection on the rights of the people. He said that one of the ways is to review the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement signed and approved by the Government of India and the Federation of Khasi States on December 1947 and 17 August 1948 before the 26th January 1950 when the Constitution of India was enacted and to consider whether this constitution is alive or dead to understand how it will protect us besides the provisions of the Sixth Schedule.
The whole world has moved forward, let us also bring about a change in which we stand forward by choosing the shrot and the paia of development in society and immediately reject the selfish people. that our country and nation will rise again in all aspects.
He said that at this meeting it was also decided to expedite the implementation of the Housing Act and to give about six months to the public to give their opinion.
In his reply, the Minister said that the department in a letter dated 2nd July has discussed the issue with the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) to continue the BADP scheme for the benefit of the people. lived in the border villages.
The Indian government has banned public gatherings of more than five people.
“A case has been registered against the leaders of GSU, FKJGP and ADE and it is a sou moto case by the police,” she said.
U Bah Pynshngaiñ has met with Sonia at 6 pm today.
Speakers included Bah Titos Chyne, who said that he used to be a pamphlet distributor with Bah Swell.
The meeting was conducted by the Sport Secretary of the Ri-War Regional Unit, Sebestian Kharjana and was sworn in by the General Secretary of the Ri-War Regional Unit, Clareance L Mawnai. Bah AK Gashnga who urged the leaders of HNPM Ri-War to work hard for the sake of the country and the future generation.
Why is this said? If not, why do foreigners and foreigners like Bangladeshis can live peacefully in different villages of Khasi Jaintia and not only that, there are also foreigners and foreigners? Bangladeshis who have become permanent residents of Meghalaya because they do not have voter id.
KHLIEHRIAT: The Narpuh Border Area Joint Action Committee (NBAJAC) has expressed its deep sorrow over the power outage in Narpuh area.
“Such a demon should be punished by the village and the people before being handed over to the law enforcement authorities and should not be allowed to spread in this state because it is a threat to the environment. children who are stupid as well as young people,” said the statement.
The central theme is 'Our World's Future and Gender Equality'
The RKSK scheme has been launched by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare since
Everyone knows about the Iawshibdi which includes the Laloo, Lamin, Diengdoh, Marngar and others who have spread all over the country.
Speaking at the meeting, the President of the UDP Central Body, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, who is also the Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, said that the UDP in Mawsynram has now become stronger due to the joining of others. the fans.
The DG stressed the need for the youth in the North East to participate and join the NCC. The DG visited the Shillong Group Headquarters and took part in the ceremonies. that Guard.
The source said that the PMGSY road implemented by Assam which is ongoing from Amring to Narling and will reach Umshalini, these villages have land title deeds or Patta from the Syiem of Jirang and schemes. All these developments are carried out in Jirang Block, Meghalaya.
The word 'jing' transforms a verb into a noun: for example, jing-kieng instead of saying in the original pyrnon, jing-thiah instead of saying in the native language palong, prayer instead of phirat, meeting instead of dorbar, door instead of dwar, keker instead of phrah, kynroh, shahksew, pyrda and so on etc.
The Cabinet, through the Program Implementation Department, has decided to implement the government's schemes in each district and has appointed one Minister in each district to oversee them for one year. to arrange and conduct meetings with the Heads of various Districts.
It is for this reason that the residents of the area had to struggle for food and necessities delivered to the area on Friday.
Since the appointment of Chief Minister, (L) Capt.
“Since the KPC came to the state, we have already made it clear that we will not accept the CAB. Marngar.
“The new House of Parliament should be formed before July 2 and as it is, all the requirements should be completed before that date, which means that the MP elections could be held in June or June,” he said. he said.
