Meanwhile, the Model Code of Conduct has been released by the Central Government and the State Government.
Delhi took the lead in the 8th minute through Sahil Kumar.
“Rebina Subba, a lawyer from the Shamakami Association, said, “We are pleased with the participation of many people.
They complained about the scheme because their leader did not know how to provide the necessary documents while Bah Känsing went to meet and get information from the officers.
He said that the meeting will be held seven days before the meeting.
These include Zone 1, Laitumkhrah Police Station, Zone II, Laban Police Station, Zone V, Rynjah PS and Mawpat Block. VI, at the boundary of Madanriting Police Station, Zone III, at the boundary of Pasteur Beat House, Zone IV, at the boundary of Lumdiengjri PS, Zone VII at the boundary of Mawlai Police Station and Mawlai Block and Mylliem Block.
Therefore, it is not that God works for our good, but we all work with God and are His friends and fellow workers.
He announced that the state government will issue a strong warning and also take action against any government employees involved in these illegal activities.
Again, not everyone is like that.
Speaking to media, the CEM said that he is one of the members of the High Level Committee (HLC) who has been involved in giving advice to the government on the issue. and the removal of these people from this place.
However, KHADC does not have an Executive Committee, only one CEM, and as it appeared in the media, the MDCs with CEM Bah Latiplang Kharkongor have only 12 members except the Chairman. , while the UDA has admitted that there are 16 MDCs with the support of MDCs from Nongshken and Mairang constituencies.
He said that the HSPDP has opposed not only the CAB but also many of the laws of India during the Congress government. Uranium during the Congress government which allowed and through secret tricks to bring about development projects.
In fact, we Khasi don't have anything to oppose their statehood.
“Therefore, we have to delay, we have to talk to the Government of Assam and the Government of India and we will see when the time will come to sit down and talk to them,” he said.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Doctor Tylli Syiem said, “Because of the upgradation to PHC, soon there will be about 10 beds for the patients.
to those who were not yet Christians, when they heard of the name of Jesus, they were amazed.
After the closure of the KHADC in Iewduh which has been going on for more than six months, Rupang has visited these shops and today, it has visited all the foreign shops in Iewduh. During the inspection, it was found that all the shops that the KHADC has closed down have been sealed by the KHADC.
The arrested persons are from Ri-Bhoi, Jaintia Hills district and across the state.
All eyes are now on the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance Government to see how it will act and what action it will take on this issue.
Jaden, who is from Shillong, has joined the team for this season.
Shillong, November 11: UDP Working President Bindo Mathew Lanong has urged the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma to repeal the Meghalaya Landlord and Tenant Verification Bill,
The prize money is in the form of money and trophies.
It is said that when Ben had any new movie he was always going to propose it to Matt first and also wanted a friend to star in his blockbuster movies.
Today, the rainfall in Sohra was 212.6 millimeters, while today, it was 104.8 mm.
At the same time, she said that she does not need to campaign more aggressively but she wants to meet the people to understand the problems of the people.
“The Governor has told us that he will follow Article 192 and summon the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and the Election Commission,” said Augustine.
Meanwhile, Bah Lamphrang Blah, MDC Mawphlang-Diengiei, said that in the past few years, many Executive Committees have been preparing to hold the Monolith Festival but it has not succeeded.
>All wiring inside the house should be used with suitable electrical equipment and the MCBs or cutouts should be installed in good condition so that they will not turn off if the electrical equipment breaks down inside the house.
Borsing Syiem Children's Home is a children's home established by the Sohra Mawsmai District in
Ayushman Utkrishtata Award 2023 for Gender Equity in Service Delivery (March 2022 to November 2023).
Shillong, June 28: On the 18th of this month, AMPSTA teachers led by Bah FC Shullai General Secretary met with the Minister of Education, Prof. RC Laloo at his office at the Secretariat and has put forward pending demands such as Arrear D.A; the HTA and the CPF of Primary Teachers.
Tens of lakhs of workers have been forced to leave their homes as employers have suspended their work and this has put many farmers in misery.
Along with promoting the message of “Desh Ke Hum Hain Rakshak” of the group, these women riders also brought the message of “Beti Bachao Beti Padhao” during their march.
STIEH has strongly opposed the Immigration Act passed by the BJP-led Government of India and said that it is a Bill that threatens the minorities. She invited government ministers, MLAs, MDCs, civil society and the public to attend the 12-hour prayer.
Furthermore, the union has strongly warned that these foreigners should no longer come to set up illegal investment in this market because it is a sacred market and if they continue to come it will affect the livelihood of the indigenous people. .
The fighting parties should not remove the petitions raised by their fellow parties from the opposition.
The KSU is deeply saddened after receiving a complaint in which it is understood that hundreds of youths have lost their livelihood.
New Delhi: The counting of votes for the presidential elections is underway and Droupadi Murmu, backed by the NDA, is expected to win this time.
Therefore, we urge the district authorities to repair the Rewak Bridge as soon as possible,” urged the residents.
On the reluctance of Union Minister Kiren Rijiju to speak on the ILP, Dr Mukul said it was just a ploy to escape the accusation that even the BJP MLAs were involved in accepting the ILP. a resolution in the State Legislative Assembly.
PHILOSOPHY in English is the scientific study of any knowledge or belief.
Commenting on Ardent's statement on Para 12(A), Process said, “I too have been an MLA and Minister in the State Government. MLA, why don't you talk about Para 12(A) here but in the State Legislative Assembly you don't talk about anything or bring any Motions, Private Bills or Resolutions to demand the repeal of Para 12(A)”.
The Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) is one of the BJP's election promises in the 2029 Lok Sabha elections.
Shillong, Lber 23 : Five candidates have registered for the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency while only two candidates have registered for the Tura Parliamentary Constituency.
I request all the residents of the village to inform the Rangbah Shnong whether you have visited or not in the past 14 days. Therefore, if anyone has left, they are requested to stay at home for 14 days and to avoid contact with people.
The actions of others affect many of us.
To the west, it borders East Garo Hills and in terms of population, it has more than 100,0
They are Maxwell Balahun Syiem, Lakador Syiem, Bobby Sengjrang W Momin and Goldenbert Dean Kharmawphlang.
However, many other parties like NCP, NPP, HSPDP did not come except the UDP which went to listen but did not support it.
New Delhi, Naitung 25: Congress Spokesperson Raj Babbar today said that it is possible to eat food at the price of T.12 tyngka per meal even now.
As part of the celebration, the Church will hold various programs including Bible Quiz, Sports, Seminars & Retreats and others.
At that time, Nehemiah called out and urged the Jews to rebuild Jerusalem's walls.
The teams that will play on the opening day are Bataw All In One SC against Khliehriat West YWSC.
I was ashamed to reveal the wildness of Nongpoh.
On the 27th of October, two foreigners, Esan Singh and Sujit Dutta, who were contractors inside a quarry, were allegedly killed by the enemy. unidentified persons in Ichamati.
Through this order, it is also prohibited to carry out any excavations near water wells without the permission of the relevant government authorities.
Kynshi Stage-I was signed MoA with M/s Athena Project Pvt Ltd by BOOT on 11th November 2007, while Upper Khri Stage-I & II was signed in 2012-2013 with M /s SM Energenco Ltd.
The foundation stone of the building was laid by the Prime Minister on 10th November
You don't have to bring machines with people from outside the state to work here.
However, the water supply is not yet stable and ...if we don't get enough rainfall in these days as we need, the water supply may not be enough to generate electricity in 10-11 days Goyal said.
Then the farmers who succeeded in the harvest became a mystery and the Mysteries of Friday appeared, without sawar and tied tyrnem kdor u prek.
Saying maki is right, but saying others is wrong and wrong.
Various speakers through the Village Youth Wing, Women's Wing, Village Defense Party, Secretary Shnong and Rangbah Shnong have encouraged and blessed him to progress.
Last year he was unbeaten in his career in Indian Wells.
Police have seized 10 kilos of Ganja and arrested one person from Khliehriat.
On Saturday, which is scheduled to host the two semi-finals.
He also invited the village leaders, doctors, nurses and ASHAs to cooperate in any work related to the health of the people of the area.
The bodies of these two men were found in parts of Ichamati and neighboring parts of Dalda.
Ratcliffe, 70, is already the owner of French Ligue 1 club Nice and Swiss side FC Lausanne-Sport. They won the bronze medal in the All India Inter University Kickboxing Championship 2023 held at Veer Bahadur Singh Purvanchal University, Jaunpur, Uttar Pradesh.
He said the university has 3.8 million students and in Meghalaya, there are 8252 students.
His parents had called him several times, but he did not answer at all and when they opened his room, they found that he had committed suicide in the bedroom.
He said that the residents would be very stingy if they understood that from their taxes, the money had been wasted by corrupt people.
According to him, the time has come to join hands to fight against this drug addiction as we have joined hands in the fight against Corona virus.
We will protest tomorrow to demand the ILP, the MRSSA and stricter laws to ban the mynder so that no mynder should enter the state and to oppose the CAA. I will vote for this government tomorrow in the House.
“The financial management of this government has been completely wrong,” said Dr Mawthoh.
When asked about the outbreak of the disease, Bah Lakmen said that the cause of the outbreak is not yet known, but it will be known after contact tracing. They are not those who go outside, but only the workers in their jobs.
Shillong, Naitung 1: The HANM (Northern Border Baridua and Mawlai Circle) has alleged that the Syiem of Marwet Raid with the involvement of the Lyngdohs of the Raid and also the Rangbah Shnongs of the Marwet Raid have sold spread the land to other states.
The awards were distributed by Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla in the presence of Deputy Commissioner, WJH, BS Sohliya, office bearers and members of WJDSA, DSO Khroobok Passah and others.
The meeting was also attended by the Assistant General Secretary of the Nongkhlaw Youth Association.
DBS Mukhim, Assistant Commissioner of Food Safety, East, West and South West Khasi Hills District today at a meeting held by the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), South West Khasi Hills District under the Multipurpose Hall, DCs Office, Laitlawsang, said that the government does not provide food and beverages that are bad or harmful to the health of the people.
This is the second time that the Garo District Council has passed the bill.
The union also accused the Minister of Urban Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, who visited the complex and promised to open it in April last year, but now it has been more than a year since the complex was opened. the promise is only in the air.
“They have publicly said that Muslims should go to Pakistan and Christians have no place in India.
The meeting was attended by MH Dkhar President of AJYWO Sengkmie and Bah SS Niangti General Secretary of KSU-JHDU. Speaking to the EJHD, he promised in front of the leaders of these four organizations that the government will expedite as soon as possible to provide assistance to the families of the 7 He promised to complete the work by the 12th of this month.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Shullai said, “There is no reason, but this has been done according to the rules from time to time”.
Praveen Chitravel won the bronze medal for India in the Men's Triple Jump.
Samlin also admitted that during the time he was campaigning around the country, many people from other parties including the UDP came to join the NPP. The UDP has joined the Congress party,” he added.
Shillong, Naitung 16: The State Urban Affairs Department will be more vigilant in the management of buses and taxis after it found that the There was a lack of attention to the vehicles to take care of them when they were lost or damaged.
On the other hand, he expressed his disagreement that the police should harass the farmers, steal their livestock and agricultural products, but the duty of the police is to protect the farmers.
Umsohsun SC scored all three goals in the second half, with Khrawkupar Roi Syiemlieh scoring first in the 54th minute followed by Banteilang Thabah in the 66th minute. Donkam Marngar (58 min) scored the second goal for the team.
“According to him, the NGT should have given 5 years to suspend the coal mining, to turn to other roads according to new technologies. , and then decided to suspend everything for 5 years," he said.
Marbud said that before the stop, the two organizations had tried to meet the SP Traffic but he was not there because he had gone for treatment abroad. He said that the students of the school were about to take the examination especially due to the heavy traffic jam. The two organizations have gone to do whatever is necessary. EKH and SP City as they have done shows that they count zero the SP traffic that was present at that time,” said Marbud.
At the same time, she appealed to the people not to allow foreign parties as they have already violated the rights of the indigenous people and there is a threat to the minority community because of this. that these parties have the goal of defeating the national parties.
Many roads, offices and markets were closed on this day across the state including Garo Hills.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Home Minister Amit Shah have avoided the CAA protests across India following the outbreak of covid-1
They eat and drink as much as they want because it is their right.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
“The government through the livestock department should create opportunities to provide assistance to those affected,” said Bah Process.
“The main objective of the government is to implement computer systems to facilitate the monitoring of the implementation of this food distribution scheme,” he said.
To conduct camps for the youth to reconnect with nature.
In a statement, Superintendent of Police (City) SA Rynjah urged the public not to ignore such posts spread on social media and the police warned to take action. The law will be imposed on such persons who spread such misleading and racist writings.
Earlier, the Chief Guest presented the medals for Meritorious Service to four Civil Defense and Home Guards.
“A government that lacks accountability to the people is a government that has to improve,” the party said.
She said that most of the women are still reluctant to speak at such times and this program will enlighten them.
We have found this illegal activity every time this Forest Officer has done this and by doing so he has stolen a lot of money.
These new tests are easy to use and can detect 28% of the cases which the current 3rd generation rapid test cannot, ensuring that many of the residents will be able to know. about the disease so that they can receive prompt treatment to help them with their illness.
There are times when there are incidents of violence, or violence due to border issues, or other reasons, there is a terrible loss on the part of those who have already spent thousands of rupees.
The powers of the District Council are fully exercised only in the ethnic groups which have not yet received a full state such as Ladakh, Karbi Anglong and Bodo Territorial Councils.
This is just a drama in front of the people that they are not with the BJP or that the BJP is not with the NPP,” Sharma told reporters.
The office of the District Sports Officer, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong invites all the citizens of India to come and take part in this race.
Shillong, July 23: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) has fully supported the motion of CEM of KHADC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum to appear before the High Court Shillong Bench, for his opposition to the order of the High Court. abolish the powers of Rangbah Shnong.
Shillong, July 20: India is one of the world's largest producers of livestock products.
Shillong: The State Election Committee (SEC) of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today released nine MDC candidates for the JHADC and 17 MDC candidates for the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). still, it will be announced before 31st November.
The Government which they have elected themselves but still they cannot shake and bring peace and the demands are building and the Government has been able to delay all the demands just because there is no participation. "It's just among us," said Rev. (Dr).
Chairman Pynshngain N Syiem said that the Council has explained its activities and informed about the transfer of funds from the Central Government of the Rural Development Department to the State Government. He said that it is up to the department to turn to the district councils as they have a close relationship with the villages and Hima.
The new office bearers of the Rotary Club Jowai for the year 2023-24 include President Rtn.
Without waiting for anyone, our Beloved High Priest stood up from his seat, and with joy, helped to prepare us.
He said the department will hold another fundraising campaign on the 5th of June in Shillong, East Khasi Hills District, followed by the campaign at Khyndai Lad on the 7th.
Besides this inscription, there was also an inscription that read, “Once again the forests will win, once again the stones will fall”.
The PAC is headed by MLA Hoping Stone Lyngdoh and includes members Paul Lyngdoh, Ronie V Lyngdoh and Pynshngain N Syiem.
Sawakahi Syngkon lost the wicket for Eliza Lyngdoh (1/9) but WJH managed to reach the target through Anastesia S Shullai who was also named Player of the Match. managed to score 29 without losing a wicket till the end of the match from 31 balls.
:The 2nd District League T20 Cricket Tournament 2023 has now entered its first day with Nongdawah CC and Cricket Lovers winning the match today.
Furthermore, three Sewage Treatment Plants (STPs) have been constructed in East Khasi Hills and six in East Jaintia Hills.
However, on Tuesday, he said that he will continue to play well before entering the tournament.
The Directorate of School Education and Literacy, in collaboration with the Regional Science Centre, Guwahati today organized the State Level Student's Science Seminar- 2023 on the theme “Millets- A Super Food Or A Diet Fad”.
I don't want this jaiñkyrshah which is the honor and dignity of our Khasi women to be a jaiñkyrshah which is the jaiñkyrshah of the khar poiei for a day.
Manosha said that the cost of building the monument is enough to buy two SUVs. She said that the construction of the monument is to honor their family in the future. to come.
It is to be recalled that in 2013, the Catholic Church of Parish Mawbri, through Fr.Sngi Lyngdoh, was able to clean up and make this church forest a sacred place. At the same time, it can be said that the 'Law Kyntang' of the Parish Mawbri, is also the first 'Law Kyntang' of the Church. Catholic not only in the state, but in the whole of India.
Conrad Sangma, who is farsighted, opposes and should be praised for knowing the Second Constitution, because Christians have to live only in states outside the borders of Meghalaya and Kerala.
The villages that have been visited by trucks every day are the villages that understand the agriculture better because they have the opportunity to grow their produce easily to the market and they don't have to look for other ways.
“We need banks for all kinds of services,” he said. Therefore, the bank strives to provide good services to the people of the area.
After that day, these people went back to the house of the woman on the 5th and 6th to pray for her illness. He ordered the woman to take out the gold and money and put it so that they could pray.
How can this reporter write that it is “anti-Christian”? If that logic, the demand to remove Ganesh is not anti-Hindu, isn't it? India is a secular country, shouldn't there are religious monuments, religious books or idols in government buildings.
Nongpoh, July 16: Umsning OutPost Police on Tuesday arrested the village officials of Khlieh Umtrew Tdohum on reports that they have evicted a family since
After submitting this proposal, we will meet again and take a final decision.
The two leaders met face to face during the G7 summit hosted by Japan.
The chairmanship has been vacant since July
At present, the price of piat in the market in Iewduh is about 35 to 40 tyngka per kilo but there are places where it is sold at 70 tyngka per kilo.
However, Radhakrishnan's knowledge and talent forced his father to send him to a school in his own village.
Iran's actions at this time drew condemnation from other Western countries that day.
Shillong, March 3: A delegation of 19 Chiefs of Meghalaya on Tuesday met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, the Minister in charge of District Councils, Bah HDR Lyngdoh and the Minister of State for District Councils. The Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri today informed them of their views on the problems of the state and other issues.
His own constituency did not re-elect him in the 2018 election because of his corruption in politics and his inability to serve his people properly.
When inquired, the party leader said that he did not know what Bah Nongkynrih was carrying because he did not see the cows in the car when the party leaders went to the place in the morning.
He said one of the most important issues that the people expect from the central government is the ILP. The second is that the BJP should immediately resolve the border between Meghalaya and Assam because Assam in the name of development projects has been stealing land from the villagers of Meghalaya on the border.
From having only 9 airports in 2014, we now have 17 airports.
It is also surprising even to us the villagers how our ancestors came to settle in these beloved hills.
The Seng also congratulates Bah DP Wahlang, IAS, Addl CS Edu.
To help you understand, I will give you some examples.
On the same day, the office also distributed awards to several short films on cleanliness and others. At the same time, the article “ Bam Smai" in relation to the cleanliness of the morning.
In the recent session, some MLAs have raised questions about the cost of fighting against Covid-1
It is not known how much this will affect this age but there is only one danger and that is that we as human beings can no longer think clearly on any subject because the brain it doesn't work well anymore.
He also urged them to strive to be free from the disease and to participate in the Khelo India and Fit India Movement.
It is impossible to say that Ma Nujorki Sungoh has been appointed Speaker of the Meghalaya Assembly, because many of those who have been appointed as Speaker of the Assembly have experience. .
The Minister said that although there are many difficulties here and there in the peace talks, the Meghalaya government is determined to move forward with this process.
He said the Congress party has come out on the ground to hold a public meeting against the Bill and has also opposed it in the House. From the ground to the House we stand against the Bill.
In fact, on Tuesday, Banrikynti lodged a complaint with the SP (City) regarding this incident on social media.
We are waiting for the return of the Lord Jesus and the Bible tells us the signs of the last days or the signs of the second coming of Jesus.
This action of the officers from the Finance Department, has raised doubts among many because while not entering especially in government departments, they have complained and given the reason that the government does not have enough money.
Mairang, March 9: The Holy Cross Health Centre, Mairang on Saturday celebrated its 25th Anniversary in the service of the people of the area.
He is survived by his wife, Kong Peggymon Pathaw, three children, two sons and three daughters.
Those who receive permission are also clearly identified for the purpose and end according to the time limit.
The Israelites were descendants of Abraham, not of his wife, Sarah.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The Urban Affairs Department has handed over the Blue Print to the High Level Committee regarding the relocation of the Harijans living in Them Ïewmawlong to the quarter of the Urban Affairs Department. The Shillong Municipal Board, which is located at Bishop Cotton Road, has not yet decided whether to accept or reject the proposal.
On the other hand, Paiem Kestonbel Manik Syiemlieh, President of FKS and Bah Hammphrey L Ryntathiang, Secretary, FKS, urged the leaders of the Meghalaya BJP to form a new party. The BJP-led Central Government of India should take action to investigate the rights of the Hima Khasi States as enshrined in the articles. Instrument of Accession and the terms and conditions of the Annexed Agreement dated 17 Aug
Vice President : Elisha Sayo 3.
Tura, Naitung 15: Jhur traders from Dhubri, Mankachar and Haatsingimari have now been able to sell their products at the border markets between Assam and Meghalaya, while day laborers have been able to sell their products at the border markets between Assam and Meghalaya. He came back to work in Garo Hills with his registration.
“Many suggestions have been received to draft this policy,” he said.
Besides, the officials also participated in the planting of trees near the Multi-Use Convention Hall.
Here we will have the power to bring about change, let us act with understanding.
At first glance, it is surprising that 95% of the seats in the State Legislative Assembly are reserved for the indigenous people, even though the State and the indigenous people the city lives in fear.
But in the midst of these wickednesses, God promised to restore Israel once again, after God's righteous judgment upon them because God would use Israel in the last days and that the world would look wonderfully at them.
When asked why they separated, the wife of Bah Kmanwel said that she was sorry because he used to come to shake hands and shoot her when he was drunk, especially when the children were grown up.
They also farm and cultivate hills. There is no denying the fact that Nongkhnum is the largest and most beautiful of all the river villages in Meghalaya.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 28: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) today honored the retired President of the FKJGP. At the same time, the new office bearers of the FKJGP of South West Khasi Hills District were inaugurated by Dondi Cliff Khongsit, President Rangbah. The new office bearers of FKJGP South West Khasi Hills District were inaugurated at the Hall Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat.
The registration of marriage is very important especially for those who are married cleanly so that it can relieve any division and division in the family.
The group was founded in 1984 in Uttar Pradesh.
Edwell Lamin is one of the leading Khasi players from Assam in various football tournaments across India. When he retired from football in 1980, he worked in the dept. .
We will not allow anyone to violate these rights.
Shillong, Naitung 21: A public meeting was held at Smit today convened by Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit. Along with Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit, Teilinia Thang Khiew MDC of the HSPDP from Smit today attended the meeting. Mylliem, KHNAM MDC from Nongthym Latiplang Kharkongor, HSP DP MDC from Sohryngkham Pyniaid Sing Syiem and other dignitaries.
We can teach them how to protect themselves from those problems and teach them to help them make good decisions for their lives.
He requested all the members of the Farmer Parliament and all the members of the HFU as well as the farmers to come and participate in this day.
It is often heard that the people blame only those leaders if the village is lagging behind, or there are no roads in the villages, lack of drinking water or schools and health centres.
We all know that any projects, the Village Authorities should know according to the Government Act, so what about the Coke Factories? Why doesn't the Village and the Village Authority know? I cannot build a Coke Factory of my own free will in my own village especially in the villages of others, without getting the NOC from the Village Authorities.
M.C.S,.
To strongly condemn the state government regarding the transfer of two Cluster Resource Center Coordinators (CRCC), teachers and Data Entry Officers after receiving information about the distribution of rice In several schools of Jeypore Block, Majhi said that there has been no implementation of action against the private groups who sent the rice and the senior managers who should be looked into in this regard.
Dr. Evarist Myrsing has decided to contest from the BJP party in Mawhati, as it is the only party in Mawhati. He said that he can achieve his goals if the people of Mawhati Constituency are ready to elect him in the 2023 election.
“Those who have to take responsibility should be punished according to the law of the land.
We don't know how much this festival will benefit our State or how much it will create jobs for our youth.
After checking and investigating all the necessary documents, the government authorities also collected a fine of T.1.2 lakh.
The HSPDP stands firmly against the passenger railway but accepts the freight railway only if the government introduces security measures to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners. .
The installation of these plants was carried out by four engineers, including one engineer from GHE and three other engineers from Garo Hills.
“The Secretaries of the VECs in some villages are acting as political agents, which should not be encouraged at all.
He said that besides strengthening our spiritual life for the sake of God and as parents we also have to have that responsibility for our children and society to Work together to eradicate many of the evils that affect young people.
The FKJGP has raised this demand regarding the sudden collapse in some parts of the construction which happened this morning and asked 'Who is the site engineer of the PWD department? They were appointed to oversee the proper implementation of the work.
The financial reports of companies must be prepared within six months after the end of the Financial Year, ie by the end of November which is also in accordance with the provisions of Section 96 (1) of the Companies Act. Act, 2013.
“We feel that perhaps it is time for this Committee to suggest to the state government to allow us to allow the VPP to explain the change in the Reservation Policy.
Today, 6th November, three more matches will be played between the remaining seven teams to qualify for the semi final of the tournament.
Maruti vehicles are allowed to seat only two people, which should be in the back seats only.
If they are so patriotic, why are they delaying the implementation of the ILP, why are they still delaying the demarcation of the border areas for the safety of their brothers and sisters? who live in these places, but at first glance it seems to be going nowhere.
He said that the road was given here and there while the PWD was still in charge of Bah Prestone,” he said.
This strong implementation has helped to fight against abuse.
In another incident on the 10th at 7:30 pm, police have arrested a coal truck (ML-05G 8658) from Toll Plaza-Ri-Bhoi District.
There are those whose names are 'Iba' written 'Eva', Iban written 'Evan' and so on.
Regarding the tragic incident in which a poor mother lost her baby in a commercial vehicle due to a heavy traffic jam caused by a fishing competition in Pamphyrnai on 16 November 2023.
However, when they win and become MLAs, they go to the same party to thank them and to become members of that party.
Her older and younger children also always comforted their mother.
Speaking to u SP of Ri Bhoi District, he said that it is true that the truck drivers have destroyed the truck bridge.
“We have considered carefully many aspects regarding the 50th Anniversary of the Independence of the State which will be held on the 21st of this month. “It's a good idea to continue the celebration,” said Prestone.
The passage of time has not yet allowed them to destroy the Indians who are the indigenous people and land owners, especially the Tribals who are the indigenous people of the country. years before Christ.
The Ministry has also issued the PDS Control Order 2022 to use modern technology within the PDS. The Ministry of Tourism has launched the Meghalaya Eco Tourism Infrastructure Project (MEIDP) with a grant of Rs. crore from the New Development Bank.
“I have personally visited these places to see and assess the damage and I am deeply saddened by the loss of life.
“We have explained to his children that the party is with him and don't lose hope and feel that you have been left behind,” said the BJP leaders to Bernard's wife.
The minister, who is also the President of the Asom Gana Parishad (AGP), is in good health.
“I haven't applied for a ticket from the party yet and I don't know if I will have to apply for a ticket because I am one of those who took part in the formation of the UDP party. if I need to ask for a ticket I will ask for that".
These ships were handed over by the Rangbah Dong of Lachumier, Victor Khongmen to the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, M Kharkrang. Traffic), Shillong.
Through these encouragements of the government, the Dorbar Shnongs, Seng Bhalangs and NGOs will come forward to fight against drugs.
“Of course, in other clubs, they may have problems because there is no Youth League and even the Under-19 league organized by the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) doesn't exist anymore. It will be a great help to those children who are still young to take part in this tournament so that they can improve in the field of football.
The Minister in charge of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh was also the chief guest in the presence of the MLA of Mawkynrew and a former resident of Jaïaw. Langsning, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh and Kong B Kostimai Jyrwa who were the chief guests, leading leaders of the Seng Kynthei, elders of the village, youth and others.
“We are now in a crisis where foreigners are starting to invade the jaidbynriew,” said the CEM of KHADC. While NESO Chairman Samuel B Jyrwa said that the protest of the jaidbynriew against the authorities outsiders continues to this day.
This has been a shame and disgrace to the residents of Nongmensong as a whole.
The new film, titled “KA NUSIB”, has already been shot and is about to be completed.
The remains of the deceased were laid to rest at the Presbyterian Church Cemetery in Lawmali.
I don't know what rule Chairman PN Syiem has followed, because as a person who follows the rules of law whenever he speaks in the dorbar, he needs to explain.
This was confirmed by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma in a tweet.
Regarding the provision of drinking water in schools, the department will work with the JJM to deliver water to all schools.
MPYC President Richard Marak said that it could happen in the state now, maybe tomorrow it could happen in other places.
Shillong: The Leader of the Opposition Dr. Mukul Sangma has urged the people to refrain from taking medicine without any advice from doctors.
The program was conducted by Bah High Star Mylliemngap Secretary Environment and Tourism, who spoke on the occasion.
“According to the information, the government officials have said that the HLC will hold a meeting on the 22nd but there is no meeting between the government and us yet,” he said.
This is a statement issued by Bah SS Majaw.
Meanwhile, private schools will charge only tuition fees and should release other fees for the months of June, June and July.
LP, School, Myn ksan because at present there is only one teacher in this school from class A to class
However, John wanted to clarify that the State Olympic Association, which is the mother or father of all sports associations in the state, cannot be established when all the leaders come from their own countries. Therefore, when it comes to filling the positions, in the field of sports, we have tried to select the best people, by which he said that Perhaps the demand of the civil society will be a wake-up call to many of the sports federations in the state, where Bah John, stood up again to urge or preach to the indigenous people of the state. , that it is time for them to come forward to carry out their responsibilities, but another problem that has arisen is that many of the sports associations in the state lack office bearers. .
The race will start from the starting point of Kiang Nangbah Stadium – Ladthadlaboh Main Road – New Hill-Ïawmusiang-DC Office-Mynthong-Jrisalein-HK Singh-Upper Chutwakhu-Mission Compound-Iongpiah-Dulong- Tpep-Pale-Wah-Awmusiang and will end at the finishing point of the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
“I have always said that the previous government has done its job, so I don't play politics or take glory alone but this is a matter that is still going on. it has to continue where everyone has to be involved".
The presence of powerful antioxidants such as lutein and zeaxanthin in these fruits can protect against free radicals that can damage the retina.
“It is the Congress government which has created the problem in the North East and the Congress does not respect the North East because there are so many different political parties and believes in the principle of rule. you have destroyed the nation"
“This patient who was admitted to NEIGRIHMS came from Delhi with a headache.
At the same time, the union urges those children who have not reached their goals not to be sad or disappointed but to work harder and better in the coming year and not to lose hope but to “It's a good idea to have a spirit of perseverance, when you fall in the first place but you will stand up in the second time, a spirit of struggle not to fall behind,” said Bah Reginald Thabah, Education Secretary, FKJGP Seng Kmie.
The Collegium has approved the appointment of Justice Ramalinga Sudhakar as the Chief Justice of the Manipur High Court.
“If the resolution passed in 2007 violates the customs and traditions of the minority, we will take action. with a strong.
They said that despite the turmoil inside NEHU, instead of being inside the university, the VC is outside and is on leave from 9th to 15th November.
They said that there are more than 7000 ASHAs in the organization.
Referring to the publicity of the construction of the building of the Model College in Patharkhmah, Samla Arkin Warjri said that in fact according to the rules there should be a lift but the government has not installed it. as required in the rules that it should follow.
In another development, the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, has declared the BSF headquarters at Umpling to be a Covid-19 positive area.
The author is the Pastor of the Mairang Presbytery.
Besides, this government is doing well in the field of health, education, tourism and so on.
Therefore, this is against the Constitution of India and is also against Article 14 (Right to Equality) of the Constitution and aims to destroy the idea and equality in the country according to its fundamental principles. Constitution of India.
The Executive Member and Chairman of the Jaintia Hills Alphabet Sub Committee, Phasmon Dkhar, has approved the Pnar or A-B Jaintia alphabet at the Budget Session of the Council on Friday. The report of the sub committee was presented and the House unanimously approved the report on the Jaintia Phonetic Alphabet.
Felinda Pajuh scored the first goal for East Jaintia Hills in the 20th minute.
At this time, a heavy clash broke out between the Karbi and Lapangap but the incident was brought to an end by the presence of police from both the states.
The use of plastic, bottles, plastic food containers should be banned in these areas and should also be banned from being brought into these areas.
Shillong, Naitung 5: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today passed the KHADC Constitution Rules, 2013 to divide the constituencies.
“I have received a complaint from the villagers about the delay in the release of the bill,” said Dr Roy. adding that the payment of wages shall not be delayed.
Out of these 17 applications, 6 have also sent a geological report to the Central Government.
Kamal Nath also denied the media reports on the current figure, saying that in 2004 and 2009, they were wrong in giving the figure, but he said. , that it is best to wait until 16th January
He said the Council will withhold their salaries if they do not submit their accounts soon.
Not only does he know how to make but interestingly he also teaches others to play and play the traditional Garo instruments.
He said that this action of the government is vindictive to us in the Opposition and “There has never been a government like this,” he said.
The village has sent a letter to the DC to cancel the Permanent Residential Certificate (PRC) of Ayush Kumar from the open category and alleged that they misused and cheated to apply for the state quota to study MBBS. The village has clarified that in 2021, the village has issued a temporary residential certificate for six months because the father of Sunil Kumar, who works at Dalmia Cement, has applied for a Temporary Residential Certificate from the village. These foreigners have used cheating to apply for PRC from the DC office in East Jaintia and have cheated and cheated to get the state quota from the government to study. Therefore, the village has sent a letter to the DC to demand the abolition of the PRC and the seat quota of MBBS because this child and his father have cheated and deceived for their own benefit.
It is here that the saying goes, whoever has gets richer but whoever is poor gets poorer and richer.
From the talks with these leaders, it was understood that if the party from Delhi appoints Ma Shibun Lyngdoh as President, the party could spread its forms in the state.
On the second day of the festival, there was a song and music from the Retro Nite group. Bakshi, Deputy Commissioner, said that the Retro Nite should have been included in the album by John Lennon. the famous and great Beatles.
He commended the efforts of all the current and retired employees who have been involved in the work of All India Radio as a Public Service Broadcaster.
It can be said that at present it is impossible to see the nation among the youth except for the older women, even many of them are foreigners.
Manisha Mukhim from Saitsama, Vanalari from Lhuid from Ialong, Daman Ibha Lamar from Loomiongkjam, Jowai, Rekha Syrti from Jalaphet, Muhor Dkhar from Myrjai, Nicky C Sumer. of Panaliar, Enibha War, Protection Phawa, Ida Em Tre Sumer and Odaryca Chyrmang of Tyndowapung, Jowai.
The workers decided to launch the strike over the non-payment of 31 months salary.
Furthermore, it is necessary to mention this one aspect, even though there are still many problems within the education department.
Custom: In the Khasi custom, the youngest child receives the old age of the mother and father.
The Governor of Assam, Prof. Jagadish Mukhi was also present in the presence of the Vice Chancellor of the University, Fr. (Dr.) Stephan Mavely. , Fr. Joseph Palley and Fr. Joseph Nellnatt, Director of the University and included professors and students.
On the start of the handshake between the BJP MLAs, Bah AL Hek and Bah Sanbor Shullai, although they are in the MDA government, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “The best thing is that they are To resolve this issue within the BJP party whether in its Executive Committee or anywhere else.
Likewise, the driver of the car understood and talked to him.
India this year 2021, will celebrate the Republic Day on the 26th of this month with the protocols to be followed to prevent the spread of Corona virus.
On the other hand, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, said that the failure of the police to find these weapons is the failure of the Intelligent Wings department.
From the leaders to the people, they have been slowly shouting at every moment and slapped the khwan by some who have been suspected of corruption, but without the rain of victory they have fallen into the trap of corruption. pap.
The coal that is still there.
There was no publicity.
At the same time, the court said that in many parts of the state especially in Pynursla, Shella, Dawki and Nongstoiñ, there are many vehicles carrying stone and shyiap. and there was no judgment upon them.
On the other hand, Bah Pynshngian said that he will issue his decision on Monday who will appoint the three EMs after the resignation of these EMs. The letters of resignation of these three persons to the Governor of the State, and this shall be done on the first day, after the decision has been taken.
The Garo also accepted this and gave the jait to the woman as the Khasi from that time on.
Samla Phyllahunlang K.Kharsyntiew from Nongkasen, Nongstoin won the title of the best dancer from the west region and received the cash prize. Sanjes Marbaniang, one of the best singers from Mission Mairang, won the second prize and the third prize went to Effylisia Lyngkhoi. I am one of the youngest participants and I am also the best dancer.
Prayers were also offered for the leaders of the state, for the church and religious leaders across the state as well as for the doctors, nurses, health workers and all those who have a role to play in the fight against COVID
The British authorities granted Rajendra Singh a pension of 700 British pounds per annum, perhaps as a sign to the world that they had treated him well, after he had surrendered. to his kingdom and all that he had without any resistance.
On the evening of Friday, when my mother came from the market, she bought a Khasi newspaper to read.
He said that the Myntdu River has been recognized by the Government of India as one of the Special Rivers of Jaintia Hills, and in this regard, the Union has submitted a proposal to the relevant authorities. The State Education Department should include the Myntdu River in the subject related to nature so that the students of the State can know about it as a river with many stories.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has visited the Khasi Heritage Village near the Mawphlang Crematorium in Mawphlang. the first day.
In November this year, the MPUF sent a petition to the State Government through the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills to express its opposition to the proposal to build the railway line without implementing the strict laws. .
Regarding this incident, the Association which organizes the tournament has expressed its regret that the goal of the tournament to promote the youth of the area has been in this way. that from now on they shall take strict measures to prevent such an incident from happening again.
“We cannot understand why they don’t want to participate in having claims taken into consideration.
The Rotary Club Jowai has held a discussion on the topic “The main reasons for the decline of the Khasi-Jaintia people in many aspects” at the auditorium hall of Kiang Nangbah Govt College. it's Saturday.
Therefore, the Mawsaw Sport & Cultural Club invites all Sport Clubs or private groups to participate in this tournament so that it will be a support for the sports club and also to promote sports in the country. dong the whole area.
Some of the Skers of this collection of poems are Kobid Naingtin, LokDaw, 2020, Set Slung, Imei I Pa but most of them are about places like Ryngngaiñ, Jiengkieng Dawki and others.
“There is one constituency where we have already decided to contest because it is a party that stands on the foundation,” he said.
These buildings include a viewing deck at Daribok and the road from Oragitok to Daribok, which has led to an increase in tourist arrivals.
He said that this heritage is now ready to become a source of income and that is why it is necessary to bring about change in the state by electing leaders who want to serve the state.
Regarding the recent speech of the Prime Minister to introduce an Ordinance at the Cabinet meeting, Bah Malngiang asked how the Ordinance will be introduced whether it is on Gaming or Gaming Rules.
Not only the cleaning of the roads, the completion of the construction of parking lots in some parts of Shillong will also help to reduce traffic jam.
There are still many teachers who work hard across the state whether in urban or rural areas who deserve to receive awards. write your name only at the office desk of government officers.
In the last MDC election, all seven BJP candidates did not reach the target and all except the candidate from Mairangba received the most votes but the others missed out on their votes.
The 68-year-old MLA passed away suddenly after suffering from a stroke for several months.
Speaking at the inauguration of the North East Wine Incubation Center at Mawdiangdiang, the Minister said, “We hope that around the tourist spots, the shops in the tourist spots, even if they are not shops selling kyiad, These wines can be obtained from some tourist spots so that the public can buy these wines made by the people of this state, so you don't need a license to sell the wine. issued by the state.
In order to prevent the dangers of smoking, and the use of tobacco cigarettes, many countries around the world have introduced e-cigarettes, vapes, and other electronic nicotine delivery devices. Systems (ENDS).
“Preparations have been made and the government is taking action on this issue.
According to a statement sent by the Director of NEIGRIHMS, Dr. DM Thapa, NEIGRIHMS will not accept anyone infected with Corona Virus who intends to come for treatment at NEIGRIHMS Hospital in Shillong.
There are many who don't understand that Christmas is a celebration of joy, dancing, festivals, music and so on.
Shillong, March 13: An elderly man has been kidnapped by men without any reason or without any demand for money or theft. However, it is said that the abduction was for another reason which has not yet been confirmed.
Lynette Lim, of Save the Children, said: “We have witnessed the incident in the city, in Tacloban everyone has been destroyed, the bodies are lying lyngkrang on the street, many of them are children.
If an MP is allowed to contest MLA or an MLA to contest MP or MDC and resign after winning, why not teachers?
Bah Syiemlieh resigned after working for three years.
"(3) The vision of the 500.1Cor.15:6
Besides rice, farmers also grow jhur for their own consumption and sale.
On the other hand, the teachers first of all thanked the DC for allowing them to stay at the place, because of the inability of them to return home. The teachers stayed as far as Lyngngam, Jowai and so on.
The EC also acknowledged the instability of Bah Pynshngaiñ in the House today because when he banned Bah Process from speaking because he is a member of the EC, there were no members of the EC to support him. Pynshngaiñ said that all the members were silent but Adelbert Nongrum stood up to support the CEM.
Khliehriat, November 7: The Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA) in Khliehriat, Khliehriat, in a statement issued today through Samla Namphrangmi L Talang, General Secretary of the Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA). We request the PWD Road department to immediately improve and repair the Lad Rymbai-Rymbai-Bataw-Borgkhat road which is the road connecting Jhellapur (Assam) which has been damaged and has caused severe damage to the traffic. The residents of the area especially from Lad Rymbai to Rymbai.
If we don't surprise people, we who are only ten troh, how soon the water will cover us and we will become Gibeonites to cut wood and fetch water for anyone!” He also expressed his feelings in his poems. , u ong;“We live in other days, we don't know where the country will go”.
He buys all kinds of evil, and loves money.
In a statement , Ency W Shadap demanded that the government should immediately release the 9 job seekers who have been arrested by the police the party will take strong action.
When asked what message she would like to give to other students who will compete in the coming years, she said, “Work hard in your strength doesn't mean only those who enter the top. 20 students who passed well but even those who scored poorly according to their strength and ability has passed well,” said Rilaakor Lamare.
Nongpoh: U Bah EK Lapang, Chairman of the Fish Market Committee in Saiden and Rangbah Shnong of Saiden, on Tuesday said that the Committee is pleased to see that the members of the Fish Market Committee on Women Empowerment. Members of the Public Accounts Committee (PAC) have visited the Fish Market in Saiden village, to find out the reasons for the malfunctioning of the Fish Market in Saiden village.
This cross shows the suffering that we must bear and go through as believers in order to receive the peace that He has promised.
The Government of Meghalaya has already launched the Meghalaya Tourism Policy, 2023 to make the tourism destination a destination that will attract tourists across the State.
This request came after the theft of several motorcycles/scooty from Mawlai area recently and the search by the patrolling police, of the large number of people who stole motorcycles/scooty nearby. street in the evening.
“There is no place for Hindi in the blood of Tamils.
This team looks at the information collected by the teams in the area in order to make decisions related to health and other measures that need to be taken for the benefit of these are cheetahs.
And his youth ended there.
Guwahati: Petrol pumps in Guwahati will be closed indefinitely from 7th November
The General Secretary of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), Bah Donald V Thabah, on Tuesday said that it is the responsibility of every resident of the village to come out in order to protest and remove the bases of the Border Security Force. BSF) in the War area.
The Hon'ble State Court has to accuse the Government of not having a proper plan how to reduce traffic jam.
Speaking to media, Bah Process T Sawkmie said that although 12 colleagues from the Congress party have left, it does not mean that these issues of the jaitbynriew will stop. The four Congress MLAs together with the party and the remaining MDCs will continue to speak and urge the government on the issues of the Jaitbynriew. Inner Line Permit (ILP), the need to immediately withdraw the decision of the Central Government to implement the CAA because the CAA has not been implemented at all in the country and is only The shooting death of former General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew.
He recalled that Meghalaya has already requested the NTA to set up CUET Centers in all 12 Districts of Meghalaya which will be located in schools which have all the necessary facilities to conduct the CUET Centres. The Chief Minister has requested Dharmendra Pradhan to take action by directing the NTA to arrange a separate examination center for the students of Meghalaya.
They have deceived thousands of students and awarded them with fake degree certificates.
There are 46 lyer shet distributors in the state and they will go to educate the people on how to operate the lyer to avoid danger when using the lyer.
The Church has expressed its concern that the implementation of the UCC may deprive members of the indigenous people of these special rights. The Central Government has urged the Central Government to implement the UCC especially despite the recommendations of the 21st Law Commission in
Jowai, Lber 21: The District Commerce and Industries Center Jowai, on Tuesday 20th October, 2024, has honored 25 persons who have completed the training to manufacture various products such as Jewelery products and utility products, without using them.
These days, the law has changed completely, where when you go to hospital, you have to carry the patient and the money bag and if you carry only the patient, without money, then going to the hospital, is meaningless. If you don't buy a bitor, you won't get a drip, unless you go to the shop to buy a drip.
Speaking on peace and order, he said that a state border force is needed to maintain peace and order on the borders of the states and even on the borders with other countries.
The pipes are clean but the problem is that the pipes will be filled with lyer instead of water.
On the other hand, the CEM himself, Executive Member of the Market Department, Kong Grace Kharpuri, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Ministers, Magistrates and Police, visited the largest market in the state. They have received complaints about the lack of security due to the high number of thieves.
In the past few days, many residents have refused to register at the BDO offices of Laskein, Thadlaskein and Amlarem Block to get this housing scheme after they had to enter their Aadhaar name and Aadhaar number in the application form. “Earlier, only the EPIC card was sufficient to get this housing scheme, but now to get the PMAY scheme, the people have to submit their Aadhaar. This could cause loss of benefits to the poor who can benefit from this scheme,” said an elder from Laskein area who said that there are still many people who do not accept Aadhaar.
He said that compared to other countries, the hesitancy to vaccinate is very low in India, and as this country has reached 200 crore doses in the distribution of vaccines.
Most often it is better to drink fresh water instead of boiled water or refrigerated water even during the rainy season.
In the presence of Bah Silvester Phanbuh, MCS Extra Assistant Commissioner, Village Leaders, Land Owners and Farmers in Pynthorñein which falls under the three villages of Mihmyntdu, Khliehtyrshi and Ladthadlaboh came to listen to the public awareness campaign on the project by the officers of the WR department. Fall) until you reach the PWD bridge on the NH road at a distance of about 2 kilometers.
He said the CAB is a political issue that affects the nation.
You should not be guided by your emotions.
Nongstoiñ, Ïaïong, 5: The government's inability to provide the necessary services at the Parïong Primary Health Centre, has caused the public to face difficulties when they go for treatment when they are sick.
No ….
“I trust the central government, the governments of Assam and Meghalaya, that if there is any disagreement in any area in this regard, they will be able to talk and resolve,” he said.
After the pickup was hit by a pickup truck, the drivers, in the presence of police, threw stones at the road just to allow small vehicles to pass.
He said that although the newspaper did not mention his name or any of the leaders, but as he is a person from the constituency he leads, it is necessary for him to fall. to enlighten the people, that the people may not be led astray.
Pearly Dew Higher Secondary School beat St Dominic Higher Secondary School 1-0 in the second leg of the second leg. Sec.School beat Seng Khasi Higher Secondary School 3-2, while Seng Khasi College beat Government Boy's Higher Secondary School 4-1 In the last match of the day, Mawlai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School beat Sacred Heart Higher Secondary School 6-3
In this regard, the Deputy Commissioner promised to take immediate action on the incident and the union will continue to monitor the matter to demand the construction of a well. .
Also present on the occasion were the Education Secretary of the HYC, Pynskhem Nongsiej and other members of the HYC.
On the other hand, Dr Alice Lyngdoh, Dental Officer and Monalisa Das, Dental Hygienist gave training on how to brush teeth to all the students of the school.
This implementation is part of the victory for the hard work of the army in the fight against the insurgents to ensure security in the area, police said.
In an interview with Kong Ampareen, she said that it is shocking to see in the newspapers the state government's claim that it has given permission to refund the unpaid income tax. officers working in our state.
Shillong: U Vincent H Pala, President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) on Tuesday said that the High Court should not appoint a CBI or an independent investigation team into the allegation. and illegal mining in the state.
The sad thing is that when the people go to meet with various departments for roads, water supply, medicines, schools, etc.
About 18 policemen, Home Guard and CRPF personnel were injured while 20 government and private vehicles were damaged or burnt.
Shillong, July 11: The All Meghalaya Malaria Program Workers Association (AMMP WA) has questioned the state government over the failure to comply with the rules and regulations for the recruitment of Malaria Program Workers (MPWs) working in the state government. malaria control program under the National Vector Borne Disease Control Program (NVDCP) scheme.
During the inspection, there were 15 shops which the department asked for clarification why they did not provide the license and they should explain to the KHADC within 15 days.
Shillong, June 30: The youths who have passed the Jugali examination but have not yet received their appointment letters have vowed that if the government does not appoint them within the 15th of July, they will reject the Congress party. the 2018 election.
At that time, the Pastor said that the name has not been registered yet but in June 2010 it was registered as Aadhaar under the UID Project.
According to police, the suspects looted 40,000 tyngka, two mobile phones worth T.1100/- and T1300/- along with necessary documents from a truck NL-0 -0295 Babu Ram's birthday in Jammu & Kashmir.
Earlier, in the presence of Congress candidate Devendra Jaggi from Dharamsala constituency for the registration on Tuesday, Chief Minister Sukhwinder Singh Sukhu said that his government has implemented the objectives for the benefit of all ethnic groups and to implement them according to the sectors.
Today, the party has revived its name in Sohra constituency where hundreds of people have joined the HSPDP Sohra Area Unit.
He said the Indian government has already abolished Article 370 which protects the people of the state and if the government abolishes Article 371 it means the Sixth Scheduled which protects the people of the state. we are a small paid paid is in great danger.
The continuous construction of the road by the Assam government in the area has angered the residents and village leaders of Lapangap as the road passes through Lapangap village and the farmland of the villagers.
Replying to a question by Opposition Leader Dr Donkupar Roy in the Legislative Assembly today, Bah Sniawbhalang said that at present the government has placed only three pre-paid posts in three places. meters because they are the most expensive, although they have many advantages.
Who threw it or who threw it, the villagers could not explain.
Shillong: The National General Secretary of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Rituraj Sinha has not commented on the issuance of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) to Meghalaya and the inclusion of the Khasi language in the 5th Schedule of the Constitution. the constitution of the country.
If it is the government that doesn't use these four buses in the city to transport school children and government employees, it is too much.
The Meghalaya Kyokushin Karate Association together with its members and relatives today welcomed the youngster after his arrival in Nongpoh. They also honored him with gifts and flowers to encourage him to use his talent in the field of Kyokushin Karate.
Shillong: The election of the new Speaker of the Legislative Assembly will be held on the 13th of this month.
“Jaitbynriew” is the reason for ADCs: Therefore, the ADCs in Meghalaya, as enshrined in the 6th Schedule, do have the authority to look after the welfare of the indigenous people.
Another part of the union's objection is that these smart meters should count smoothly even when there is no electricity especially during heavy rainfall.
For this reason, the M.D.C election has not yet been announced.
It is also time for elderly parents to surprise people how to teach their children not to use bad language in the home, on the street and outside.
Finally, she urged the young men and women if they want to become a filmmaker or a tyngshop, they should work hard by learning how to act when it's time to cry, whether it's time to dance or laugh, because it's a film industry. it’s not easy to just get to act without beating yourself up.
The Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, who was the Chief Guest, handed over the land to the President of the Society, Dr.DRL Nonglait. of the Khasi Author Society.
This Act brings about the common good of all without discrimination.
Sri Lanka will not be able to take part in the tournament as they are still suspended by FIFA, while Afghanistan has withdrawn from the SAFF to rejoin. and the Central Asian Football Federation in the past few years.
The power, wisdom and will of the people today cannot be counted.
She said that if they are not helped, these boys will become more stupid especially those who do not get enough socialization and therefore it is necessary to help them.
Udaipur: The Congress party today decided to revive the party's activities and prepare itself for the upcoming Lok Sabha elections. come.
Bah Kharkamni also thanked the leaders of the Umsning Sport & Cultural Club for their cooperation in providing the venue as a net practice ground for the cricket tournament in Umsning. It is a great benefit for those youngsters who are talented in cricket and who want to improve in this field.
The BJP is different from other parties because in other parties, their main goal is to seek and earn wealth, self-esteem but the Prime Minister, before entering Parliament, thanked The purpose of Parliament and its purpose is to be inside before all the people of the country.
The program was enriched by a performance by Judi and Jazy Wanniang from Mawrap Village followed by a song by Bah Shiningstar Nongsiej.
God says of the Gospel: “It shall accomplish that which I please, and it shall prosper in the thing wherein I sent it” (Isaiah 55:11).
Teachers, besides not receiving a proper salary, once every three or four months, without pension after retirement, without medical reimbursement, without promotion in their jobs, being banned from engaging in other activities including political activity.
“Education is essential because it opens the way for them through bright minds to think about what to do in the future,” said Bah Rymbui.
Panghal of Services, who won the 2018 Asian Games, won the flyweight 48-51kg against Shivaji of Maharashtra through a combined event.
Iaiwankhraw Wankhar scored the goals in the 16th minute and Aiban Wankhar in the 63rd minute.
Mukul and his wife also own a lot of land, mostly farmland and others. His wife owns 27 farmland, while Mukul owns five farmland among others.
“Not only people, but also vehicles will not be allowed to come and the parking lot at Stand War has been closed to park vehicles coming from these six villages,” he said. said the SWCJ leaders, while talking to the media.
He tested positive on the same day he arrived at NEIGRIHMS. He died on 27th March 2020 at 6:45 pm.
People who opposed the teachings of the Lord, after centuries, changed to observe the Lord's Supper once a month, then once every three months, which is not in the Bible.
“The District Council has also written to the Chief Secretary of Assam, the Commissioner of Transport, the Deputy Commissioner of Kamrup and the DGP of Assam to stop the construction. "It's a pud," replied Bah War.
*Test for your children, loved ones, for those close to you who may not be as strong as you.
Shillong, June 1: All Government Offices, High Courts and schools and colleges will be closed on the 11th June, 2016, as a public holiday for the celebration of Shad Suk Mynsiem.
She also demanded that the PUD of SAM should be revised and the Labang-Nongphyllut, Nongphyllut Doloiship and Pangam-raliang Elaka, which have been forcibly separated from Jaintia Hills by the Assam Government, should be returned to the District. Mikir Hills and North Cachar Hills in 1951In 2000, Kong Phidalia Toi was also imprisoned for demanding that the government should provide self-help and other employment opportunities to the people affected by the floods. The Supreme Court has ruled.
In fact, the Prime Minister should have the responsibility as the leader of India.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today met with Minister of Coal, Piyush Goyal, to discuss the issue of coal ban in the state, in the presence of Advocate General Amit Kumar. of the State government.
Speaking at the programme, the President of the Shooting Association of Meghalaya, Bah John F Kharshiing, said that SAM is now on the path of training children with disabilities through training. and to get the approval of schools and Principals and also the opportunity to participate in Para events and sports.
Therefore, as students, they should be hardworking and diligent and the request is not only for the students but also for the parents so that they can achieve that goal and high reputation.
In the women's category, Parul Chaudhary won the gold medal in the 5000m.
“There has never been a politician like Bah Bring, a man who is very clever but who walks in the right path,” said Bah Titosstarwell.
When asked about the measures to be taken against these violators, the Nongkrem MLA said that the Supreme Court on 27th June, 2012, has banned the use of iit ïong in vehicles beyond The Motor Vehicle Act, said that the use of iit ïong is harmful to the society and helps criminals to escape from the hands of the law.
One of the crises that has affected the world is the outbreak of the corona virus which has affected the world globally until many people are able to sell and buy gold. or silver, or precious stones, or pearls, or other things.
Remember Canaan was not an empty or uninhabited land, but before the migration of Moses' people, different nations such as the Canaanites, Hittites, Amorites, Perizzites, The Hivites and the Jebusites were already living in Canaan.
He spoke on how his work is close to the Mizo people as well as other ethnic groups from Mizoram in his constituency. He expressed his hope and confidence for the future that the friendship between the two states will continue and that there will be cooperation in all aspects.
Heibor Pariat, Finance Secretary of the party, said that the main purpose of the cleanliness drive is to teach all those who come to the party to maintain the cleanliness. beauty of this place by being clean.
Oh, the business is not explained.
They struggled to provide for their families but there was never a day when they slept without food.
Guntupalli said, “Our goal is to provide an opportunity for the citizens of the city to vote without worrying and to bring about a successful democracy.
Speaking at a public meeting of the UDP Rangshken constituency at Rangshken village today, Metbah said that the people of Sohiong know their constituency better and there is no need for foreigners to explain. .
A case has been registered against him in Sadar Police case no.205(9)2013 U/s 380 IPC, Sadar PS case no.4(1)14 U/S 379 IPC and Laitumkhrah PS case no.80(5)13U/S3 /511 IPC but the prisoner escaped from Shillong Court on the 11th and was arrested again from Mawlong Market today and a case has been registered against him. 34 IPC. Shillong, July 14: The CSWO has strongly condemned the police shooting at the ANVC-B in which four of their members were killed.
Jowai, Jymmang 02: Members of the BJP Jowai Mandal under the leadership of Heimonni Phawa and Simeon Suting, Vice President of the BJP Jowai Mandal today visited the Jowai Mandal. The Congress Party (NC) has expressed its full support to Daniel Dan as the candidate of the 2-Jowai Constituency.
The father of two children, who lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills, regarding the failure of his two daughters to take the examination, just because he did not you can pay school fees, for two months.
No one is allowed to leave without valid reasons.
Shillong: The football team of H.Elias Higher Secondary School today qualified for the Diamond Jubilee U-17 International Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament. boys to be in Delhi.
The meeting was held at the residence of the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah WMS Pariat in the presence of DGP PJP Hanaman and other government officials.
While we were standing, one of the elders of that group, stood up, came to me and invited us all to sit with them and take part in their sacrifice to Blei Pyrthat.
“There have also been efforts to address the problems of Shillong and I believe that this effort through the STEM program will be successful,” he said.
The foundation stone of the Iooksi Park was laid in June 2020 at a cost of T.10.87 crore and was funded by the Ministry of Tourism, Government of India through the Swadesh Darshan Scheme.
Tura failed to bat first and scored 107 runs in 35.1 overs.
In a statement sent to the media, the Superintendent of Police (City), East Khasi Hills, Bah Vivek Syiem, said, “We have received information that there are suspects who have not committed suicide. such as FedEx carriers and telephoning the public to inform them that some items have arrived in their name but that they have illegal items.
“I just want to say that you officials of Mawpdang village still have time to change your mind,” said Auguster.
Sajid Khan today decided to resign from the post of Director of Housefull
You children, if you pay attention to the lessons, you will become wise in seeking knowledge. You must love and listen to learn.
It may be recalled that earlier there were 13 houses on the list of MUDA which have more than three floors which have been authorized by the Supreme Court to temporarily suspend the demolition of them. The Supreme Court's ruling will expire on the 12th of this month.
Bah Nongrum said the passage of this Bill is necessary to accept at this time when the Council is facing challenges after the Court has issued a decision to extend the powers of the Village Authorities.
Your leaders don't go to the people and tell the leaders to go to the people and break these rules from time to time”.
In fact, they should have been grateful that the government has called for talks to resolve the issues they are facing but it has been seen that they are demanding and setting various rules which is unacceptable,” he said. talk to the media.
Prime Minister Siddaramaiah and nine ministers were sworn in on Saturday in Bengaluru.
The government will have to take urgent measures to clean up the drinking water supply through the PHE. to other reports.
We play with wealth because we work as much as we want.
He said that the Prime Minister has already explained that if he and his ministers find out about the unfounded allegations, who else will work in the Secretariat.
When asked who he is and what he came to do, Kharbangla did not tell us and said that his name is 'Salman Khan' Anil Kapoor has been handed over to the Ranikor Police Station for further investigation.
Through this YESS Meghalaya programme, there are 1155 groups in the state and 389 groups in Jaintia Hills have received support from the government.
“For as the Father raiseth up the dead, and quickeneth them; even so the Son quickeneth whom he will” John 5:2
Teachers have not received their salaries for months.
Even the District Council, which is the authority to maintain and protect the rights of the residents to land, is not allowed to challenge the decision.
However, through dialogue and social networks...we can cooperate with neighboring countries in some areas such as defence, communications and currency.
We know that even in college, the teachers have been waiting for her to progress and to be honoured.
He said that the reason why these leaders from District, Circle and Unit have left the party is because they are angry and to take the decision to leave the party. The President of the District has been arrested by the Sengkmie Leader. This is a shame not only for the party but also for the leaders and members of the Sengkmie from Ri Bhoi who have appointed Bah Jason Lennox Nongrum as the leader of the Sengkmie. leaders within the District.
Meanwhile, the situation in the Caribbean, West Asia and Africa is getting worse.
He said the government's target is to vaccinate 100% of those over 18 years of age and the decision to open places of worship will also be one of the objectives to increase the vaccination rate in the state.
As we celebrate World Environment Day today, it is worth being proud to see how far India has come in terms of economic growth, social justice and environmental sustainability. the light of nature.
In Meghalaya, the Visit Bharat Yatra was inaugurated in East Khasi Hills district today.
Desmond said that the reason given by the Prime Minister is the poor condition of the road.
When the state has faced the outbreak of COVID-19, the ASHA workers are the frontline soldiers to stand up for any poor women to take them to health centres. to look after those who were sick, to take a census everywhere.
However, he said the party will have to wait and cannot interfere with the police investigation or the court proceedings.
Six villages have expressed their deep sorrow over the death of fish in the Lukha River and as the union they cannot wait until they have decided to meet again. The DC of East Jaintia Hills District Council has allocated Rs 1 crore for the rehabilitation of the Lukha River.
In these days, it has been found that almost all the residents of the village have pursued education by sending their children to various schools.
“The purpose of the delegation from Goa is to learn more about the working methods of the District Council and the functions of the Khadar administration, the Hima and customs and traditions,” said Pyniaid.
Speaking on FOCUS, Ma Coming said that the contribution of Self Help Groups or SHGs to society is great and has brought about many changes in employment and income generation.
In response, The Occult tied for 117 runs for the loss of five wickets to win the match by five wickets.
We hope to be able to do that," she said.
The KSU, one of the members of NESO, has expressed its deep sorrow over the persecution of the Khasi community in Tamenglong District of Manipur.
There are many other tribes in their own names whose names appear many times but they are one tribe.
The union also informed about the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) and in this regard, the union will send a letter to the Regional Director so that the residents of East Jaintia Hills District can get It will also be a benefit to the students who have dropped out of school part-time to continue their studies.
He said that there are those who have alleged that the HSPDP has changed its color but Renik said that the HSPDP has not changed yet, but stands firm on its foundations. since the founding of the Party by Maieid Hopingstone Lyngdoh.
My Government has provided financial assistance of T.10,000 thousand to each farmer household by supporting them through the FOCUS and FOCUS+ Programme.
After a few days the field was ready to be harvested.
He said that the Garo population is more than 1 lakh.
Language is a means of communicating and understanding each other.
K.Bansal, who is also the Representative Management, expressed his satisfaction with the CSR department's ability to complete the work of providing solar energy in Pandare village. They were able to watch TV, use fans, refrigerators, charge their mobile phones, especially the school children. He said that the 202 households including two churches have one panel (1-panel) with a capacity of 52,000 to 55,000 per unit.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 25: Premature marriage is still rampant in West Khasi Hills especially in the rural areas of the district. parents.
Anyone who marries an unclean person or with other tribes (Khyllah Jait) their children cannot inherit his income especially in land ownership.
D Hynniewta ADM and SP Basan AEC have launched an inquiry into the incident. DP Kharsati, Additional The District Magistrate has not investigated the incident, said a statement sent by the UDC Jowai.
Not only that, but a large quantity of kyiad worth T.1 crore was seized.
However, the order to suspend the MoU has not yet been issued.
In the case of the Congress party, it has already selected the names of the candidates and what remains is to take the final decision on the first list of candidates. The Congress Working Committee will hold a meeting on 16th and 17th November in Hyderabad.
This comes after they beat Dieng Sma Ud FC 4-3 in a tie-breaker on Tuesday at the Kurkalang Stadium in Bhoi Rymbong.
The Chief Executive Members also met with Shri Shambhu Singh, IAS, Joint Secretary, Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India, on the same day, 3rd Jan 2014, at 3.30pm and handed over the same to him. books relating to the History of the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
When asked whether he used to meet Khasi while living in New York, he said, “Yes, I don't meet Khasi. I'm the son of your Ambassador,” he said.
In a statement, the President of the MBCC, Bah Richard Marweiñ, said, “In our meeting with these people today, they expressed that they came to ask for the support of the MLA. However, he said that if any group comes to ask for support for any cause, there is no need to carry a banner or placard.
Since 2018, more than 500 people have been employed in the state every day in the last four years compared to the previous four years.
During the visit to Shillong, it was seen that these HNLC leaders also took pictures with the ksiang of the group who led the peace talks, Bah Sadon Blah on Sunday. Two at Nehru Park, Ummiam.
The implementation of the Aadhaar number is for personal identification, Dr Gupta said.
Excessive viewing of these screens can lead to fatigue and affect the sleep of children.
In addition, there are other souls of the dead in Hades—they may be in Paradise (Luke 23:43) or in a place of torment or Hell (Luke 16:23).
The Government has also intended to provide for the needs of the government factory but at the same time, it has urged the employees to take up the Voluntary Retirement Scheme (VRS).
“We understand the need to improve the road, but the work in terms of development is also necessary,” he added.
Besides, the commitment of all the members who have been elected by those who have the right to bring about a positive change in the society.
On the closing ceremony of the SKSWKHD, the flag was hoisted by Bah Phrial Ryntathiang, President of the SKSWKHD. At the same time, he also gave his congratulations and blessings to the Seng Khasi South West Khasi Hills District to continue to grow and move forward to preserve the culture and traditions of the Khun Khasi Khara. year to another.
Shillong: The Wahiajer Sport Club will soon resume the 6th Invitational Knock-Out Football Tournament at the Wahiajer Stadium.
Jesus abolished the first in order to establish the second.
There was also a protest in which a group of Christians forbade a group of traditional believers to burn the body of the Khasi leader at the crematorium in Mylliem.
During this visit, some farmers expressed their concerns about the burden of farming.
This was announced by the company on its Facebook page today.
The Wayanad MP also confirmed that there was no case filed by the CBI and ED against Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrashekar Rao or the party leader. AIMIM of Asaduddin Owaisi since Prime Minister Narendra Modi recognized them as his own people.
Shillong, July 17: A day after the Election Commission (EC) of India rejected the recognition of the National People's Party (NPP) for failing to submit the results, the party leader Conrad Sangma has said that the National People's Party (NPP) He said that the party will submit its report on Friday.
Furthermore, in order to recruit doctors to work in hospitals, CHCs and PHCs, the Government, every year, sponsors young doctors from the state to various Medical Colleges of India. lut in their sep.
There is one ethnic group in China and these ethnic groups are very different from the Chinese.
Stressing that this is not a meeting to fight against Kohli's politics, he said the party wants to fight for the development of the country without any bias and the talks are through understanding with all. religious leaders.
He said the suicide bomber may have been a member of the ULFA(I) led by Paresh Barua.
On the other hand, Bah E Lamin Gassah President VDP, Kong Nerial Khongji President Seng Longkmie and Bah L Tyngsong Rangbah Shnong gave speeches. light to the people like this meeting.
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) Nartiang-Khanduli Circle, on 30th October, held a rally at Mynsngat village to condemn the kidnapping and murder of Bah Pynkhreh Surong, a pickup truck driver. from Mynsngat village in West Jaintia Hills.
He also criticized other political parties who are promoting the ILP by saying that there are some political parties who are promoting this issue for the sake of elections and instead of giving peace to the people. .
" he said further.
“The Ayushman Bharat scheme which the state government has merged with MHIS where the citizens will receive T.5 lakh per card but with the inclusion of MHIS the citizens will receive only T.2 lakh for treatment. except for T.2000, and this scheme has been implemented in the whole state except in Meghalaya,” he added.
Shillong, Lber 28 : U Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the Government has not been able to revive the Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) despite spending more than 350 rupees. crore of rupees.
Speaking to media after the public hearing, Subham Sanu and Barisha Jyoti Baishya, Standard Promotion Consultants of BIS, said that such programs are necessary and important in today's era. Many of the counterfeit goods are available in the market and the public needs to be vigilant and know the difference between genuine and counterfeit goods through hallmarks, license no.
Holini Bareh said that the construction of the church started in September 2021 and the village was informed in writing and they received a reply today after they came to damage the church. and vegetation in the area.
Human beings can rejoice that they are close to God, they can rejoice that they have the power of God and the wisdom of God.
In total, the Act contains 356 articles.
This means that churches that have been around for centuries and those that have recently emerged will receive the same reward on the last day.
Rhea said this through her lawyer, Shyam Divan and said that she is in deep sorrow after his death.
The 4-0 victory over the Kyrgyz Republic in the Women's Olympic Qualifier for Paris 2024 has helped the team to improve.
He was accompanied by Bah Pynsuklang Sume, a teacher.
KHNAM once again for the information of the MR of the state expresses its strong opposition to this railway project.
“If they want this building to last and its beauty to improve as it is now, the village needs to have a supervisor, not to rely on many,” he said. Renik said that trusting many people will be difficult.
The AAP government has fulfilled its promise ahead of the MLA elections announced by AAP leader Arvind Kejriwal on July 29,
The Speaker of the House, AT Mondal, today said that he has received a letter from Bah Robinus Syngkon informing him that he is no longer willing to support the government led by Dr Mukul Sangma. the Chief Minister of the State.
Many articles have appeared in the newspapers and on social media.
It is understood that the Nongpoh MLA has sent a petition to the DC after seeing that the number of cases of COVID-19 in Assam has increased. Meghalaya also needs to take action.
The AA was established in Shillong in 1994, to free people from alcoholism which is the cause of many evils in society as well as the family and the long body of man.
Shillong, July 28 : Shillong South MLA Bah Sanbor Shullai on Saturday laid the foundation stone for the construction of 10 roads at a cost of Rs 15.21 crore across the state. part of the constituency.
Regarding the deception of many youths, to worship demons and follow the Church of Satan, many church groups in Garo Hills have worked hard to eradicate this false teaching especially the youths who are in the middle of the church. ages 13 to 18 years.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 5: As part of the training and awareness campaign on issues affecting society, environment, human rights, education, families and peace and order , Nonglang West Khasi Hills Dorbar Shnong, on Saturday held a special meeting in which all the residents of the village from the elderly, women, youth and children under 18 years of age were invited. , tenants within the community.
Shillong: The “Serve safe food” project is one of the projects to train street vendors on hygiene and to improve their work. Meghalaya together with Nestle India plans to provide training to 500 street food vendors from Shillong, Sohra and Tura between November and Beyond 2019.
Pride goeth before destruction.
He was treated with medicines and given oxygen at 70 liters per minute to help him breathe.
The SSB, West Khasi Hills District, which includes the WPM, WKMYF, WYWC, WKSU, WYF and WPYDO, has held an emergency meeting this evening and decided to oppose the mining. Uranium has demanded that UCIL should not cancel the tender it has announced.
“We should not do politics on this issue, we should also be happy with what we have achieved,” said Bah Renik.
After the discussion, the Niakha and Rida family surrendered and relied on the wisdom of their Khatduh because even if they knih ia the shop, she will run it herself.
That is, after these current events around the world that Jesus foretold, we understand that there will be no other event except that Israel will be able to set up the Third Temple. (Third Temple) in Jerusalem.
Shillong, June 20: The President of the United Democratic Party (VPP) on Tuesday said that the United Democratic Party (UDP) leader's statement that the majority of the people do not want to change the Constitution of the United Democratic Party (UDP) The reservation plocy because only 11 candidates won shows that this issue was raised just to win elections without any desire to achieve it.
The suspect was identified as Praveen Kumar Sinha, a resident of Dhalai Ramprasadpur in Cachar district, who had left for Mizoram a few days ago.
The ICP is on its way to Muktapur village from Tamabil, but the plan to build the port has been suspended due to many problems and the lack of land tax from the land owners, Bangladesh. It also sent the ICP from a remote area as it is too close to the border and said that it will cause congestion which will affect trade between the two countries.
“Regarding Block I and Block II, the discussion is to return these villages if the residents themselves want to return to Meghalaya,” he said.
The new office of the Shillong Press Club was inaugurated by the Chief Minister in the presence of Prabin Bakshi, Commissioner and Secretary, Bah Israel Ingty, Secretary, M Sangma, Director. of Information & Public Relations, Meghalaya and Senior Member of the Press Council of India, Jaishankar Gupta.
Granary said the three reasons are to know the action taken by the government on the complaint lodged by the family members, and the action taken according to the report of the Commission which investigated the case. Cherishterfield was shot dead and another was to hand him over to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) for not condoning the government's actions.
This means that the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo are fighting among themselves over unemployment and other foreigners and even the permanent residents who are not Khasi or Garo cannot steal jobs in the State. two, other activities are located in private or corporate offices or businesses.
This has led to a shortage of teachers in some deficit schools as many schools find it difficult to run and appoint teachers themselves without payment from the government.
They have been silent until now, about their marriage and some have said that they intend to write secretly and have not yet issued a card to invite anyone to invite anyone. jing has reached their house.
Pastor K.T.Wanniang in his speech at 10:30 pm said from the Gospel according to Matthew chapter 7 and verses 21 and 24, “Not man Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven; but he that doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven.
However, it doesn’t end here.
After collecting the comments, the policy will be submitted to the Chief Minister and the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
Nongpoh: The office bearers of the UDP Youth Wing in Ri Bhoi, on Tuesday inspected the building of the Residential School, which has been standing for many years at Mawtari Myrdon, Ri Bhoi. They also said that the government should have implemented these schools first rather than building new ones. such as Eklavya Model Residential School (EMRS).
After the march, they held a mass rally at Umroi and at the end of the rally, they burnt the statue of Bah Prestone Tynsong, which was a sign of strong opposition. , on the speech of Bah Prestone Tynsong, who said that all the villages in Block-2 have fallen under Assam, but Meghalaya has to talk for the return of these villages. village in the state.
Recently, the BJP in Garo Hills has decided not to contest the mid-term elections but with this decision of the high command, their plan has come to an end.
Celery seeds : These seeds are often included in the preparation of celery tea. These seeds are also known to prevent increased obesity and high blood pressure.
However, it is unfortunate that we have not been able to achieve the goal of completing the Retdung Khur and Pynod Um Sngad/Ram Khur to create a 45+km road in Meghalaya although these two roads are about over 150/200m.
After working for two months in the company, some of his colleagues offered him a higher salary in Coimbatore.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 47 and four cases are still confirmed so far.
She demanded that these two persons should be arrested for their involvement in corruption and fraud which is against the laws of the Meghalaya government.
Everyone is urged to attend the event, said a statement from the Rangbah Shnong Mawkhar.
Until now, no MLA has taken action to build schools especially in the rural areas.
Many employers have had to close down their businesses because they have lost their money, which has affected them severely.
The order came after the complainant, Champer M Sangma and Mikel T Sangma, alleged that the smuggled coal from Meghalaya was sent to Assam before being smuggled back to Bangladesh. Assam.
The venue will be at the SGRY Hall C&RD Block, Nongstoin.
Later in 1990, the District Council included the village in the Land Record and in 2009, the village received recognition from the Revenue Department of the Deputy Commissioner's Office.
He also surrenders to the Lord in prayer as a prayer or talks to God.
The West Jaintia District Table Tennis Association (WJDTTA) Jowai has elected its new office bearers at its general meeting held at Kiang Nangbah Indoor Stadium, Jowai on November
Therefore, the party says that it will continue to monitor and will not allow foreigners to enter the state easily and especially at such times.
Eris Suting, Secretary of Chiruplang Self Help Group, which runs one of the collection centers in Mookyndur, said that up to 2 or 3 tonnes of sohsaw is brought every day to the collection center alone.
"You again?" she asked him.
Speaking to reporters, Wanshai Kharshandi, President of the All Meghalaya Poultry Suppliers and Retailers Association (APOA), said that on the 15th of this month, there was a news spread through WhatsApp about the disease of chickens in the country. The Association has met with the officers and doctors of the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department to get clarification.
"The government should encourage the private sector to set up educational institutions but at the same time it should ensure that they do not set high prices," he said.
The two teams in the first and second half failed to score a goal on either side until the extra time and the referees had to tie the match. Breaker to decide the winner of this match.
Bindo said that there have been incidents where the Congress has split into two parts in the KHADC, where one Congress group has brought a no-confidence motion against Shylla. He was the CEM of the Congress party.
Many times we see in the newspapers those who have passed Ph.
Excess homocysteine ​​can damage the vessels, which is a serious threat to people with CHD.
The Supreme Court recently accepted the case filed by the Assam Public Works (APW) against the presence of 40 lakh illegal immigrants on the voters' list. The APW has demanded the deletion of all these names and the postponement of the MLA elections 2011 until these names are removed.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has strongly condemned the incident and said that the actions of the police are against the human rights law as they don't care about the female teachers or the children. “These teachers have been sitting for 10 months in front of the Kiang Nongbah but the Government has ignored their demand.
Wasa FC and Khliehmawlieh have seven goals each from three games and will have to fight to reach the semi final. .
The meeting was attended by the residents including women, youth and elderly to listen and discuss various reports of the former EC.
In 2012, July T.17.67 lakh, June T.16.10 lakh, October T.18.00 lakh, June T.16.83 lakh, July T.13.73 lakh, July T.13.62 lakh, July T.15.31 lakh, April T.1.5 lakh , Nailur T.20.17 lakh, Risaw T.27.33 lakh, Naiwieng T.26.59 lakh, Nohprah T.30.67 lakh.
Nongpoh, July 15: Many youths in this time of unemployment are looking forward to government jobs, but one youth from Pynker C village in Ri -Bhoi District, a village on the border of Meghalaya and Assam, has been an example to encourage many youngsters despite the challenges in life in terms of unemployment but he has not hesitated to stand up for them. to support the family by setting up their own business to build a playground.
Traffic jam is the main cause of this inconvenience and this excessive traffic jam here in Shillong.
At the time of writing, the victim could not be identified.
“There are already buildings like a school, a village dorbar hall in this area and as they are for the needs of the people, it has been decided to hand over these areas,” said Dr Laloo.
Shillong, Naitung 22: A youth with disabilities has lost T.2000 per month, which is the only monthly allowance he receives from Star Cement.
Of these, 149 are males and 89 are females.
The poor are getting poorer and the rich are getting richer.
The program was organized by the office of the District Medical and Health Officer, Nongstoiñ.
in (DPRO, Khliehriat).
Shillong: An engineer of the National Highways and Infrastructure Development Corporation (NHIDCL) in charge of the construction of the road from Ranikor to Nongjri has been shot dead at Tynrong village near Mawkyrwat. and she was also injured, according to the report.
Andy said that in terms of pigs in the state, it is difficult to obtain them due to the lack of pig farmers in the state.
However, in the second half, after a fierce match, Laingut Chidus FT scored a penalty shot from Shem Shylla. The player didn't manage to score the first goal of the match.
The competition will be held on 2nd March 2018 and it is not known whether it will win the top prize of T.7 crore.
He sent his condolences to the family, the people of Sohiong constituency and the State at this time and prayed that God will rest them all and that the remains of Bah Don will be safe. let's go with peace.
About 41 of these vendors, mostly Khasi women, have strongly complained to the magistrates and police chiefs that the daily harassment has deprived them of food and puts them in danger of being destroyed. They die of hunger because they come to sell their land because they don't have enough money to feed their children.
“We have tried to hold a public hearing between the NPP and TMC but they are not willing because they are afraid that these corrupt practices of this government will be exposed. the people if they don't have anything to hide,” Gokhale said.
“We are holding a public meeting to strongly oppose the anti-India slogans of the exploiters in the incident at JNU, Delhi,” said BJYM President Egenstar Kurkalang.
However, even after this match, there was no change in the points table although Nangkiew have moved closer to Ryntih which is in fourth place with 9 points.
Indian Badminton star PV Sindhu has once again returned to her form by defeating Indonesian Gregoria Mariska Tunjung in the 10th round. at the beginning of their journey in the Indonesian Open World Tour Super 1000 in Jakarta.
The meeting on that day, was different from others, as there has never been a meeting with these organizations, ethnic groups, together with District Council leaders in the presence of officials of the Government of India and the United Nations. state government too.
However, the VPP has made it clear that it does not have the right to comment, but leaves it to the Expert Committee to do whatever is necessary.
Shortly after, it was reported that the Rangbah Dong and four members of the VDP were arrested by the Umiam Police Station.
““We are fighting for the cause of the nation and there has been no Government to pay us salaries, we have only blood and life to pay for the nation to survive.
Therefore, besides the enforcement of 144 CrPC, which prohibits the gathering of more than 5 persons in one place, the movement of commercial vehicles, private vehicles, to open markets for trade, has also been banned. walking in public places without masks, walking around with others.
There was a woman who had strong faith, she went to a judge from time to time to beg him to help her from her persecution, she said – Do me justice. or help me to get my rights: the judge doesn't listen many times.
Nongpoh: The office bearers of the Snohktilang Village Organization (SNO) in Niangbari-lum village, which includes 7 SHGs in the area, on Saturday held a special celebration on the completion of the 1st VO. has started working for the betterment of the area.
Where will they go and they have set up their own Welfare Society to protect their own residents,” he said. but they are citizens of Meghalaya.
“I wanted to know how the news is...” asked Bah Let. “There is only one news I know and that is that my daughter Lydia has agreed to become close friends with him. the son of Bah Shanbor...” Maheh replied, “Shabas Maheh, that is the news I have been waiting for to hear from you.
“The State Government has prepared a database or collection of information regarding various ruser crimes.
There have been 1,859 new cases, bringing the total number of cases in Delhi to 44,0
Maitra Kripa Pandey scored 46 runs from 33 balls and Kuwar Dhrub scored 29 runs from 20 balls.
David Miller was the top scorer with 101 runs off 116 balls, including eight fours and five sixes.
The BJP President said that there has been a long history of this problem especially in relation to the deterioration of roads in Mizoram, the implementation in many areas has declined.
Speaking after the meeting with the Principal Secretary, AMMRPWU President Nazarius K Lanong said the talks with Prestone were hopeful as he promised that the government will look after them. your demand.
In the past we used to hear the song “RI KHASI RI KHASI NGA IEID IA PHA” especially in public meetings. .
“We have abducted these two persons from Baghmara Rongra Reserve Forest and killed them,” said the statement.
The letter proposed the name of Bah Plielad Khongtiang whom the party has agreed to be one of the candidates who will be able to reach the goal of victory in the Shillong Seat General election.
The project has included artificial football turf, synthetic athletic track, gallery, uniform changing rooms, office rooms and others.
Guwahati: About 83,000 hectares of land in Assam has been affected in four neighboring states of the North East, said Minister in charge of Border Protection Development Atul Bora in reply to a report. in response to a question by BJP MLA Bidya Singh Engleng.
The award ceremony was held at the Parish Hall, Nongpoh and those present on the occasion included Bah Mayralborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh as the chief guest, Bah Bipul Thangkhiew, President of the RBYF; Leaders of KSU, FKJGP and many others.
Namewanki Pakynteiñ (4/49) took nine wickets in the second innings and Maremdorkini Sutnga (3/ 23) and Eshan Shiangshai 2/2
The Voice of the Peoples Party (VPP) on Friday, during its review of the Reservation Policy, expressed its satisfaction that the Government has expedited the work on the appointment of the Expert Committee. The Chairman of the Committee shall be appointed.
He said the most affected villages are Laitryngew, Mawkma and other neighboring villages.
However, the main reason will be the introduction of the authorities on the trains, day and night; What is the ILP that works in this area? If the railway comes, it will be difficult to implement the ILP here.
There are 10 MDCs in the opposition.
The 6th Village also congratulated the Umkiang Dorbar Shnong under the leadership of Bah Lasting Pala, the Umkiang Youth Association under the leadership of the Eastern Narpuh Border Fishing Association, the Sonapyrd Youth Association and the Waheh Shnong Pyrtakuna.
They went to Mawsynram Village under Mawsynram Constituency to start a Clean Political Campaign to explain to the people of Mawsynram on the rights and freedoms of voters. The MLA election will be held in
At the UN meeting to discuss and consult on Sudan, countries such as Egypt, Germany, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, the African Union and Geneva decided to send the relief efforts to Sudan.
The elections to the 18th Lok Sabha will be held on 19th June in Meghalaya.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng 23: Leaders and members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) today held a flag raising ceremony at Khliehriat near the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Meghalaya. The Assam Police have opened fire on the people at the border village in Mukroh West Jaintia Hills District in which three persons have been killed and two others injured.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 03: Selajong Football Club today reached the final after beating Lamare Football Club 3-2 goals in the 1st Sngap Singh Tournament. Syiem Football Tournament 2022 was organized by HYC Mawkyrwat Circle at MDSA.
This is a salonsar for all political parties in the country and the world, and we should not be surprised.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: Up to 1484 SSA teachers from West Khasi Hills have not received their salaries for four months and it is still going on for five months.
The KSU also demands that both the governments should provide assistance to those refugees who have been attacked and are still undergoing treatment.
, Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Ltd.
Bhanwarlal Mundhan, 23, shot himself and his girlfriend, who has not been named.
In his condolences, the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, said that Bah HDR Lyngdoh was a former Minister of the Government of Meghalaya and has made a great contribution to the State of Meghalaya and also to the the Sohiong constituency where he served.
“He (Hek) cannot say that, this is very wrong, he cannot say that he will be the Prime Minister or that I will be the Prime Minister.
In this regard, the Government should look into how to introduce a Good Health Care System rather than immediately introducing a Broken Health Care System in relation to the lives of people in the world. .
From Egypt to the Euphrates.
Rohan Kr Ram and Dipankar Barua took 10 wickets each for Laban Bengali.
He said that the government should take action against this because if it treats the elderly badly it is a great sin.
Therefore, the district authorities urge everyone to work together to make the project a success.
The District Magistrate has announced that he has lifted the containment order from 20th July 2021, but has not been released from the curfew to combat the COVID-19 pandemic. distribution of food items to households who have received ration or do not have ration cards in Moolamanoh village, East Jaintia Hills District.
“These are not empty promises.
The MP said this at a meeting of the District Coordination and Monitoring Committee (DISHA) held at the Conference Hall of the DC, Wokha.
The incident took place in the village of Khan Yunis, north of the Gaza Strip.
Furthermore, Han Joon Lee asks the following questions, what is the kenosis of Jesus Christ Himself? Why is it important for us to ask? and what does it mean especially in this age in which we live? What does kenosis mean in this selfish or greedy or greedy or greedy or greedy or powerful age? People In this age, they are selfish, even if they have to share half, but they must not lose, they must gain by any means.
In the rural areas, the government should pay more attention as many of the basic needs are not in the cities.
From the DSCs to the MPSCs, the struggle for employment often leads to anxiety and worry especially to the poor almost all the time.
The number of positive cases of Covid-19 in the state has risen to
Speaking to media, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that the Government today reviewed the situation in the State. The number of affected people in the State has decreased significantly and it is hoped that the State will be completely free from the disease.
A similar program will be held in Chiehruphi.
Those who attended the opening ceremony included the Minister of Tourism, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, Chairman of MTDC, Saleng A Sangma, Chief Secretary, DP. Wahlang (IAS), former and retired Chief Secretaries of the state, and many other guests.
He is great, he is God, there is no one like him.
“The reason for the shortcomings in the Reservation Policy is because we had the first Prime Minister, Capt WA Sangma, a Garo and he developed the Reservation Policy as we see it now. It is also for the benefit of his fellow Garo people,” said Bah Louis.
Welcome to Shillong, Ribhoi, Rikhasi and Ri Jaintia.
Dr. DD Lapang, Secretary to the State Government, Jason S Mawlong, Charles Marngar, MDC Mawhati, RB Shadap, President of RBDSA, office bearers of RBDSA, parents of these children and other elders of Ri Bhoi.
Nongpoh: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi District, through Bah Hercules Suting, General Secretary, has demanded that the state government should temporarily ban the import of pigs from abroad. African Swine Fever (ASF) has caused many pig farmers in Ri Bhoi District to become afraid of the African Swine Fever (ASF).
At this meeting, the union handed over a letter of complaint regarding the failure of Jio Telecom to provide services in the area which has put in serious problems to the users and especially the students who They rely on the Internet for their studies and examinations during this time of Covid-1
Replying to a question, Bah Diengdoh said there are about 1500 vacancies in the Police Department.
Chairman of Iawmuksow Mowkaiaw P Shadap, Secretary Pynbiangmi Laloo gave a brief history of the market and a speech was also delivered by the Waheh Shnong of Mowkaiaw Shaniah Lamare.
The Book of Revelation of the Bible speaks of the creation of “new heavens and a new earth” (Revelation 21:1).
According to recent reports, Shaista Parveen, wife of Atiq Ahmed, has decided to surrender herself to the law.
Earlier, the State Election Committee (SEC) of the MPCC had announced the party's candidates for the KHADC and suspended the JHADC as they wanted to leave for Delhi.
Dr. John Roberts does not accept that there are two countries, but only one and therefore he does not use the words Ri Khasi Ri Jaintia I love you.
Although the bloodshed between the Meitei and Kuki has intensified in Manipur in the past two months, the Khasi residents of the state are in peace.
They also complained that some of the roads constructed by the Dhar company have been destroyed within three months.
“If the Government does so, it means that the Government will not be able to spend even its own budget, because there is a lot of expense in conducting personal interviews,” he added.
On all these issues, Ampareen Lyngdoh said that she hopes that the cooperation will be to the end for the benefit of the people.
The United Democratic Party (UDP), which is in coalition government with the National People's Party (NPP), has expressed its confidence that the party will win from Sohiong constituency in this election as the people have turned to the party. They also remembered the great deeds and contributions of the late former MLA, Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
Regarding the 13 lakh metric tonnes of coal, which is suspected to have been stolen, the MDA-2 Government has insisted that it has not been stolen but is part of the coal. 32 Metric Ton, which is according to its own capacity.
He was instrumental in the implementation of the Shillong Master Plan when the city was first established.
“The General Body of the party demands that the department should have a fully equipped Information Technology (IT) so that it can operate independently and also serve as a training to the staff. How can we have our own billing system on or before 1st June 2025?” Bah Arju said that billions of rupees have been allocated for this project. “We don't have enough funds to do this work because we have our own,” said Bah Arju. “Instead of supporting them to improve this department, why do they like to outsource to foreign companies?” asked Bah Arju.
He said that the Seng does not want anything in return from them, but the Seng wants them to repay for the work they have done for the country and the nation.
Without a fence, they can also fall into the water without anyone seeing them if they enter India.
If these Moojem people go to Assam, the people of Meghalaya will turn around.
In these times, we all want the Citizenship Amendment Bills, 2016 to pass from the state and the North East. the Indian Forest Amendment Act 2019 and others.
On the part of the WJNC, we are surprised to see the news that the WJNC has not distributed foodgrains in Iooksi and Khonshnong.
On the other hand, it is surprising to know that the total electricity bill levied by the residents of these two villages is only due to the non-payment of 4 households. The transformer has been used by 61 households in these two villages and out of these 61 households, only 17 households have used the transformer. not yet paid, but other than that almost all paid cleanly and none withheld.
Recently, the film was selected to perform at the Locarno Film Festival, Switzerland from 2nd to 12th July this year.
When they wanted to check under the Right to Information (RTI) Act to check the names registered by the VEC but they were not allowed.
His Bajaj motorcycle (red) (ML-05 E 3045) was found lying on the roadside, while his body was lying in the middle of the road.
Jemino Mawthoh, said that he has T.2,00,000 on his body and his wife, Evamon Nongrum, also has the same amount. His bank deposits and others amounted to T.40,41,828.37, while his wife's deposits amounted to T.13,10,4
In Meghalaya, the voltage is 220 volts, but it doesn't reach this level.
It has been more than a month since the network has been operational and when we turn to the people, they are angry and some of them have changed their Simcards to other companies that don't have network in the Nongpoh area.
To improve the RP so that it will not be affected in the future.
Yes, money is what is needed in our lives but to say that there is a struggle between the one who does not have money and the one who has it, is an unacceptable statement".
He said this in response to the statement by the National Vice President of the BJP Dr Chuba Ao that within six months the BJP will take a decision to withdraw from the NPP-led MDA government. “Now it is clear as alleged by the AAP and TMC that the BJP is using the ED and CBI as its weapons to suppress those who oppose it,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
The big question mark (???) is: What kind of people are we as citizens in terms of whatever we do?
Like a covered with a bright snow, The trees are covered with snow, the plants are covered with snow.
“We will continue our protest that the central government should set up an inquiry into the incident,” said TUR leader Angela Rngad when asked about her views on the incident.
It is worth mentioning that the Christian Brothers have been in the village since 2018 with the aim of providing the best for the residents of the area by starting with education as they have done. in many villages like Mawjrong, East Khasi Hills, Jyntru near Nongpoh.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Fernandes Dkhar said that as youth, we must have a strong determination and work hard to reach the goal of victory.
At the same time, the union also wants to warn the youth about the dangers of drugs; who hath brought all manner of wickedness upon the land.
There are also Special Packages /programmes like Rejuvenate massage, Slimming Programme, Post Natal Care, Beauty Care Program , Anti- Stress Back Massage ,Aromatherapy Massage, skin Brightening Facial, Deep Cleansing Facial.
The production of agricultural products to feed the population is a very important issue to understand and address for the needs of mankind to survive.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Titostarwell Chyne, Leader of the Opposition, MDCs, Members of the Executive Committee, Ministers and others.
“The shortage of power plants in the state has made it very difficult for MeECL to distribute electricity without interruption to the residents of the state.
“Young men, be brave, know that prison is a shlem that will destroy the spirit of bravery and patriotism,” he said.
The Supreme Court has directed the various States of India through the Education Departments to send immediate letters in all aspects regarding the TIKA of Covid-1
Nongpoh: Police in Ri Bhoi District on Saturday seized a large quantity of gold worth T.30 lakh from a vehicle in Umsning.
“The more you grow, the more you grow” and the more you have manners, the more you grow.
The meeting also spoke against the Citizenship Amendment Act, 2016 and warned that if the Act is passed, then the party will hold a protest. tyngeh in the State as a whole.
He said that he has not yet received a reply from Bah Ernest Mawrie.
The couple will get married on Tuesday 29th November in Imphal, where Randeep Hooda arrived in Manipur on the first day for their wedding.
Prestone was speaking on the occasion of the FKJGP last month to protest against the unemployment of the youth of the state. I will meet you.
The meeting was held at the office of the DC of WJHD, in the presence of the MLA of 2-Jowai Constituency, Wailadmiki Shylla, in the presence of the Deputy Commissioner of WJHD, BS Sohliya. (IAS), MA Challam MSC, DSO K Passah, WJDSA office bearers, parents of the players and others.
Kim has appointed Laura Wasser as her lawyer, who was also involved in the divorce between Kim and NBA player Krim Humphries in 2013, where they stayed for only 72 days.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, he said that last night while he was on his way to Jhalupara from his residence, a Celerio (ML 05) came to Anjalee. AA 0381 stopped him while he was driving a scooty and at that time some drunk people came out of the vehicle and beat him until he broke his head and you throat.
The militant group claimed that 150 people were killed and wounded in the blast.
Those present on the occasion included MCA Vice President Dipul Ryntathiang, RBDCA President Rayonald Kharkamni, coaches Leonard Wankhar, Sudesh Pradhan and Synrapsing Riahtam.
“Not only that, we have witnessed that hundreds of consultants have been appointed.
Lambokstarwell Marngar said that the KSU and the people of the state do not care about the foreigners living in Meghalaya who are against the ILP, but the important thing is to convey the desire of the indigenous people to get the ILP. implementation of ILP in the state.
“It is necessary to preserve and protect the environment, as we have seen these days that the destruction of the environment is terrible and the minds of many in society are no longer able to survive. “It's not just a matter of profit, it's a matter of destroying many of the natural resources, trees and other gifts of nature,” he said.
Speaking on the party's position on conversion, the Assam Chief Minister said his government has already clarified that the letter regarding the churches in Assam is a fake letter.
He said he has spoken to the Ministry of External Affairs to ensure the safe return of these residents.
These insects initially eat the leaves of the tree first, which causes the tree to die gradually and until they die completely.
Those who supported the bill said that the bill is not a ban on Khasi girls from dating or marrying other ethnic groups, but there is no ban on explaining it. It is wrong but it is true that those who marry other ethnic groups will lose their Khasi identity which the Khasi benefit from the Schedule Tribe.
Those with money also had a hard time.
The Ministry of Home Affairs (MoHA) has confirmed that 2,000 personnel, including 1,219 CRPF personnel and 1,018 BSF personnel, have tested positive for Covid-1 The Central Body of the Hills Farmers Union (HFU) today met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah (Dy.CM) Prestone Tynsong to discuss the problems faced by the farmers of the state.
How can we say that the State does not speak English?
“We feel that this system has killed democracy.
The MTTA has also banned three robbers including Prakash Purkayastha, Gautam Tati and Sanjay Biswa from driving.
However, when there are RANGBAH, they look after, care for and remind the nation to take care and protect the foundation and the Thymmei – ri.
We know that everyone wants to participate and lead their districts or areas, but it is very difficult because we have a boundary to follow”.
The government of Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath today allocated Rs 600 crore for the welfare of cows in the state.
“As responsible citizens of the country, we demand that those involved in the bloodshed and others involved should be punished.
Four houses have been destroyed by the earthquake, which occurred at 5 pm this morning, in which the lynter houses have been destroyed at a distance of up to 50 feet. eiei north shatem.
The Rangbah Shnong, Bah Oversel Khymdeit, said that after receiving about 220 kg of rice from the MDC, the Executive Committee of the village has set up a committee to select 22 poor families. This is after the curfew was imposed due to Covid
" – Therefore, the KHADC legislators who force the birth of mothers are worse than the devils because they are against the law of God and violate the custom of creation.
According to sources, Bah Pynshngain has replied to the party that how can he campaign for the election when even in the household affairs, it cannot be resolved and it will be difficult to reply to the people in the party. election campaign.
If we are haram, we will become guilty and miserable.
Coming was accompanied by the Director of Fisheries, Aiti Mawlong, two Assistant Directors, AJyrwa, D Lyngdoh and Fisheries Officer M Khongjliw.
Bah Shanbor and his wife also gave all the information in detail, until the day they left for Shillong and saw and rode in a car with one of the members of the Rangbah Shnong's family.
On this occasion, TNAI, EJH unit congratulated Madam Test Mary Suna (former Nursing Superintendent of Civil Hospital Khliehriat) who passed away in June.
They said that Purno A Sangma used to start campaigning from this place and this is how he used to do it in his political career.
Shillong, Nailar 18 (PIB): India has set a target to eradicate TB by 2030, as set by the world.
Pateinki Sabah managed to turn the tide through Lakhon Dhar in the 53rd minute and Mupliang scored another goal in the 58th minute.
The MDP said this at a meeting convened by the Prime Minister in Shillong today to discuss the proposal to amend the 6th Scheduled led by Babu Kular Khongjirem, former General Secretary and Wankitbok. Pohsna and Joint Secretary suggested to the government to appoint MDCs from the Seng Khasi and Sein Raij groups who preserve the customs and traditions of the people.
Furthermore, heavy rainfall can also damage dirt roads, heavy rainfall and strong winds can also destroy or carry away weak and damaged buildings, white lightning and lightning can to harm people and animals outside without protection or protection.
Referring to the match which was played on Saturday last month, Laban SC won the title after beating them by 4 goals. Damonmi Dkhar scored four goals in the 55th and 88th minutes, Arkwis Wanniang in the 70th and Bickyson Kharkongor in the 70th minute. in the 73rd minute.
Shillong, July 8: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Saturday, July 8, 2024, held a public meeting to congratulate all the supporters of the party. Dr. Ricky Syngkon was elected.
This selfishness has frightened even those who are rich and who have a mind or spirit for this nation.
The Central Government will spend about T.10,774.50 crore over three years on its contribution to provide security to farmers.
The tables of various government departments were also displayed where the Fisheries Department won the first prize. Among the participants in the parade, the girls of JNV Niangbari won the first prize, and the girls of JNV Niangbari won the first prize. The Cultural Program of JNV Niangbari School was the winner along with the awards distributed to the staff of the health department.
In the second match, Tpepswer SSWO beat Lumshken SC 2-0
Meanwhile, Minister of State for Home Affairs Hamletson Dohling said that he has already lodged a complaint with the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, as these people were appointed at the behest of their colleagues. government.
If this is true according to Prestone, the party strongly warns the political parties who take advantage, that from now on they should not fight for the lives and livelihoods of the people of the border area, if they cannot serve properly. the people; Because the party will not allow them to take advantage of their own interests in the name of the party.
Such organizations should be criticized and also sought to find out the basis on which they stand.
The problem is that the farmers of the area still don't know how much they can produce this product and the marketing method is not adequate because some farmers sell until they have finished planting. to distinguish the price of it from one to another.
¢Do not remove signs or notices about preventing electrical injury.
The United States has strongly supported the Saudi-led invasion of Yemen last month.
There is also a difference between the EIA 2006 and the EIA 2020. The response period for the EIA 2006 is 30 days while the public response for the EIA 2020 is 30 days. reduced from 30 days to 20 days.
Deborah Marak, Minister of Social Welfare, said that the 20 children are still at Narendra Nambikkia Natchathiram Children's Home registered under the Juvenile Justice Department recognized by the Tamil Nadu government. healthy, according to doctors.
Why don't you talk about the important issues you have and Don Pisa means that the MLAs don't spend time on the Standbus even if it reaches 500tyngka.
Wanteibor Makri, Secretary NRAO&DA, said that as a group of auto owners and drivers in the Nongpoh area, they are concerned about the violence by the HYC leaders, who dared to touch the leader of the NRAO&DA. auto rickshaw drivers.
For coal belts, these guitars are exactly like hollow guitars.
Marzina Sangma, 61, resident of Kharkutta, North Garo Hills, has been admitted to Tura Civil Hospital since 20th March
Convert quickly to the patrilineal system! If you don't take the Khasi jait, you're right, but if you take the Khasi jait from the non-Khasi, what's the basis? but if it is not equal or deteriorating, we have to accept the change and change how much we have declined.
The Gibeonites were not Jews and were also known as Hebrews.
After receiving the complaint, Kharkrang said that the Special Cell in collaboration with the Nongmensong Police have investigated the case and on the 12th of this month they have arrested the suspect. the robbers who killed the girl.
But if there really is an invitation, I will have to accept such an invitation.
The incident happened on the 30th of June, when he and two of his friends went to khwai in a river in Nongkhyllem forest. At that time, the old man suddenly disappeared and did not know where he was.
Ban J Rymbai said that last year, Mukul Sangma's vehicle had hit a man in Bhoi, and he asked whether they had imposed any penalties on him.
I thought I'd do something to introduce you to me about my relationship with you..." Bah Deng turned. “You say that... Synei Kongthei, I mean I'm sorry..." Lano said. I'm afraid I'll do it again as you tell me...” replied Bah Deng.
This unemployment is one of the concerns of the parents in these days.
The achievement of Mission 10 in 2028 will coincide with the 10th anniversary of the MDA Government,” he said.
No matter how intelligent man is, no matter how far he has climbed to the moon, or how far he has descended to the bottom of the sea, he must eventually return to earth to live on it. and to live only for himself, and for his own fields.
Speaking to media on Saturday, THS Boney said that before going to the court, he had already sent a letter to Defense Minister Rajnath Singh since March. but I don't have any answer about it.
“We need a law to protect the indigenous people and we need the Inner Line Permit (ILP),” said Samujjal.
He said that it was in 2013 that the Urban Mission had the desire to open this center at Khlieh Iewduh after they found that the center was cleaned by many ethnic groups.
At the same time, she informed that as the government has already issued a new Fertilizer Policy, the farmers in the villages should cultivate without using fertilizers. Reap with their own fertilizers because through the cultivation of many kinds of crops and rice, many kinds of crops can produce a lot of fertilizer.
The President of the KSU at that time, Bah Bull N Lyngdoh, was also arrested by the police.
Although it was not revealed outside, it was said that Minister Langstieh was also a strong supporter of Bah HDR during the elections.
JOWAI: The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District under Section 144 CrPC has banned the illegal cultivation of jhum and burning of rice in Thadlaskein, Laskein and Amlarem C&RD Block.
The Meghalaya government on Tuesday sought financial assistance from the central government for the establishment of more than 1500 anganwadi centers in the villages in the state.
Two wheelers will not be allowed to pass, except in the presence of women or children and if they have valid passes.
Shillong, July 04: The All India Congress Committee (AITC) Meghalaya on Saturday strongly criticized the MDA government led by Conrad Kongkal Sangma for the deterioration of roads in his constituency.
Now the promise is over, but it is time for them to fulfill the promises they have made to the people.
Regarding the absence of Bah HM Shangpliang from the TMC meetings especially on Tuesday in the presence of the National General Secretary, Bah Rudy said that this is the responsibility of the MLA but as “His absence from the TMC meetings is his own responsibility but we all the supporters are still strong with the MLA because these days many of him are there. “He is a hard worker to look after the welfare of the constituency as a whole and also to prepare himself for the MLA election 2023,” said Bah Rudy.
T.40 lakh worth of cash was stolen from two ATM machines of the State Bank of India at Barpara in Bongaigaon this morning. .
The Joint Action Committee of Lumbyrhing and Umrangksai Villages, which fall under the Raid Nongkhrah Nongpoh Sirdarship, have lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner regarding the Kyiad shop. Ri-Bhoi District, in order to express their opposition to the proposal to set up a wine store in the area, but they did not know that despite the opposition of these villages, but it has gone smoothly. It is on this basis that the people were angry when they learned that the Kyiad shop would soon open.
They were honored by Bah Sanbor Shullai as the Chief Guest and Rangbah Shnong Bah HB Wahlang as the Symbud Chief Guest.
Sohphoh beat Nartiang 4-1 goals in the 21st and 45th minutes. Lovingstar Suting scored two goals for Sohphoh in the 21st and 45th minutes. in the 57th minute and Ejinghun Phyllei in the 70th minute.
It has also become one of the world's super powers even though it is a small country.
While the hot topic during this election period is about bringing about change, the question is who will bring about that change.
On the other hand, he said that this proposal was made by the leaders of the meeting and should be considered by the State Government and Coal India Limited.
It should be understood that those who do these activities are not necessarily those who are in the state, but they work outside the state and even abroad.
In the basketball category, Rangblang Area beat MCSEPAC Mawkyrwat Block by 27 to 13 sets.
Saiden, who are in Pool-G, will prepare for their second match against Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan (KVS) on Friday.
Many of the people in the rural areas have expressed their gratitude to these MLAs and MDCs who have come forward to help them during this time of food shortage due to the lockdown and the exploitation of food vendors even in the midst of the fight against COVID-1 -19.
At the same time, it helps to reduce the risk of heart disease.
It also forced them to take the border and throw stones at the security forces and at the meeting place.
This will help us to find talented players for the India U-17 team, which is also a preparation for the upcoming AFC U-17 Asian Cup. long in January 2023.
At that time, he was Dr DD Lapang, I don't blame anyone, but there was pressure from the Chief Minister, that it would be better.
When asked, he said that the Land Acquisition Act cannot apply because the land belongs to the Government, because the Meghalaya Land Transfer (Regulation) Act does not apply to Government land or normal areas of Shillong. .
These villages include 13Mer Tamulkuchi, Baridua to Khanapara and the containment zone has been in force from 4 to 18 May. date of this month.
These nine planets in which we are part, dance around the Sun, and form a beautiful group.
The foundation stone of the school was laid on the 8th July, 2016 by Father George Maliekal SDB, and was completed within 1 year and 9 months, said Father James Thyrniang.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that Cabinet Ministers, Cabinet Ministers and political parties will meet Union Home Minister Amit Shah in the Budget Session of Parliament. in the city of Delhi.
He said that he has a special ability to detect or predict diseases in the human body that even the machines in hospitals find difficult to detect, and as of now he treats people and even officials. There are many patients who come for treatment at this place to treat various diseases and even more serious diseases such as cancer, rheumatism, ringworm, rheumatism and others.
These include Srinagar, Bandipora, Budgam and Baramulla.
Recently, the Minister of Urban Affairs, Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that the government will invite the contractors to continue the construction of the poor house.
The inability of the public to fill up vacant posts is also due to the lack of references or identification cards in offices or schools.
He praised the hard work of the teachers who have taken part in the promotion of sports in the area and hoped that with the participation of many participants in these games, these games will be revived. very old games.
The chief minister also told the chief minister that the state has made progress towards the construction of water reservoirs that can collect 3,700mm per annum from rainwater and The water will be suitable for drinking water, agriculture, fishing and tourism and 100 million USD has been allocated. the Department of Economic Affairs, for the project; The state government has appointed 6,500 volunteers to look after the environment and these are in all 6,500 villages in the state and this is part of the Meghalaya State Water. Mission.
Currently in Tamil Nadu and Kerala there is strong opposition.
When asked about the difference between the meeting with the Minister of Education and the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, he said, “There is no difference between the meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah and the Ministry of Education. ".
At least 2,000 people were killed and 2,059 injured in the earthquake, which was the strongest in 60 years. Country.
The incident happened on the morning of 9th July 2021 and it was reported that the incident was unexpected and it was reported that the money, which should have been taken to the central bank and While one of the security guards was arranging the documents, when he came out of the bank, he found that the vehicle and the driver were gone.
Therefore, the Dorbar Shnong also sends its best wishes to all the 6 students to do well in their examinations, so that they can reap the fruits of victory.
Key Features of the SWM Rules, 2016:This Rule does not apply to all towns and suburbs, census towns as announced by the Registrar General and Census Commissioner of India, Central Government Departments, Pilgrimage Places, Your religious activities and those who have a history are not announced by the government.
Nongstoiñ, July 4: Despite the request of the truck drivers to the District Administration of West Khasi Hills to take action against the illegal collection gate in Maweit, which was done in the name of the Union of Truck Drivers The illegal collection of money by the synjuk has continued until today.
Shillong, July 6: The United Achik Liberation Army (UALA) has postponed its peace talks with the state government from the 8th to the 9th of this month, the Deputy Commissioner of the West Bank has announced. Garo Hills and Pravin Bakshi.
Archery and Football will start on 5th June, Badminton and Table Tennis will start later.
Shillong: U MLA of Mawphlang constituency, Bah SK Sun, on Tuesday said that the water supply from Mawphlang to Shillong is unclean and unclean for drinking. He also identified himself as the MLA of Mawphlang and also as the retired Chief Engineer of PHE. He arranged with the PHE authorities to inspect the dam and it was on Saturday 1st November that Bah SK Sun visited Dam Mawphlang and also the site. to check the water quality and also the implementation of GSWS Water Work Phase I and Phase II as well as the ongoing Phase III.
The central theme of the Rural Camp 2022 is “Land To Be Rebuilt.
He also urged these members who came from the northern parts of the country to understand the culture of the North East, the people and the culture of the states of this region.
He said that the assault by some people has affected her virginity in front of the crowd and they have also tried to kill her.
The Syiem said that the District Magistrate's ban on the Syiem of Sohra from collecting taxes is a violation of the order of the High Court.
Shangpliang said that according to the report of former Justice T Vaiphei, it is clear that the raid on the house of Cherishterfield Thangkhiew was unclean and there was a criminal conspiracy.
Biam concluded by urging the government authorities in charge of this road to repair it without delay to avoid any tragic incident to the pedestrians in this part of the road.
Mebanshan Kharsati won the player of the tournament title and Rickystone Nongbet won the player of the tournament title.
After receiving training from RRTC, Shylla has understood more about the scientific field and now he is involved in this field which has earned him a living.
At the same time, he urged the Deputy Commissioner to look into and take action regarding the compensation that the farmers should receive for the damage to their farmland during the natural disaster. He also apologized for the delay in receiving this bailutksan due to the fact that the works have to go through the proper processes.
the feast of unleavened bread.
Mawkhar have scored points in the first match but have lost in the next four matches, while Mawlai have not lost by winning all the matches. five times without a turnover.
The HNLC also said that there are many problems in the country, where teachers do not receive their salaries properly and alleged that billions of rupees have been spent by the teachers. part of the appointment of politicians in various government departments.
There will also be a public meeting at 1:00 pm at Lympung Weiking followed by a cultural programme.
HSS (WKH) won 1-0 and the goal was scored by Blanangshngain Khongsdam (11).
David in Psalm 144:1, said, "Blessed be the Lord my rock, who teaches my hands to war, and my fingers to fight.
There have been 6,43,194 confirmed cases so far, the lowest in the past 82 days.
Although thousands of people attended the meeting, the UDP leaders have not yet confirmed the ticket for the Umsning Constituency.
Then the old man also understood his own body and the disease he had in his body.
These are my feelings and suggestions regarding the measures taken by the government to fight the disease.
Teachers should discuss and explain to students/students on this important issue.
Thma u Rangli (TUR) and CSWO have demanded that the Prime Minister should remove Bah HDR Lyngdoh from the post of Minister of Home Affairs to allow the investigation. The incident occurred at a hotel owned by her family and there will be no doubt from the police to investigate.
In West Garo Hills, there are 6 cases of high risk.
He also informed about the violence against women and the duty of the VDPs to prevent such violence.
Shillong, July 11: The Shillong College Alumni Association (SCAA) will celebrate its 14th Anniversary on the 18th of July.
When asked how the Government will act as many of the people do not believe that it is COVID-19 because most of those who die are those who do not have other diseases, Kong Ampareen said that as the people it is not. “Whether they believe or not, we leave it to the wisdom of the people, and “We don't want to see more cases of COVID-19 and the situation where there are more cases of COVID-19 and we have to close,” she said.
The MBOSE authorities and the education department should not remain silent on this incident and should explain to the public about the sharp decline in the results and whether it is due to the questions or the syllabus. , or the translation of books, so those involved should take responsibility and if it is due to the setting of too many questions, the Board itself should take responsibility. correctly and count the marks and besides, the teachers also had to listen to themselves, because of the slowness of their brains, which makes them unable to provide the knowledge that belongs to the youngsters.
And another thing I will tell you, there are people here in our Khasi country, even the land is sold to other people, just to get wealth, they don't think about their fellow citizens. , because they understand that if you sell a foreigner, it will be less expensive, but if you sell a foreigner, it will be more expensive. , he can come and live here and this foreigner can do whatever he wants because when he has his own land that he has bought, he can work and cultivate, do whatever he needs, and This has caused a great deal of trouble to the Khasi people in these days.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, Kharjarin said that comparing the MRSSA 2020 with the ILP, there is a similarity, but the demand for the implementation of the ILP has been The CAB has been replaced by the CAA and the MRSSA cannot exempt the CAA from the implementation of the CAA, but according to the rules, the CAA cannot come into force. Robertjune said that the ILP should not be taken stingy by the statement issued by the Governor of the State, as the ILP is a law adopted by India. Constitution Valid) and even the Supreme Court has already approved it, but the MRSSA is still under judicial scrutiny and is still a young law.
In short ages, however, pride is but pain and sorrow; for it is soon gone, and we are gone" Psalm 90:1
The world today is in that time of despair, fear and despair.
Shillong: The President of the BJP Meghalaya, Bah Ernest Mawrie, on Tuesday said that he has discussed the issue of BJP MLAs in the state, but he has admitted that he does not know exactly what the discussion was about at the time. The MDA government was formed because he was not yet president at that time.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government has sent an inquiry to the North Eastern Hills University (NEHU) to find out the truth and to find out the truth. NEHU has set up a seven-member committee headed by Prof. B. Myrboh, Department of Chemistry and visited the site on 10th November
Roney Kharbudon scored the first goal for Laitkyrhong Sports and Cultural Club in the 30th minute of the first half against Mawkasiang FC. The next match will be played on the 21st November 2022 where Nongkrem Football Club will play against Thangsning at 12 noon and Laitkor will play against Jongksha at 2 pm.
MLA schemes and MLAs do not pay attention to the needs of these people because these villages are on the Electoral Roll.
Meanwhile, Afghan police raided two drug factories in Uruzgan and Herat provinces on Saturday and arrested four people from these areas.
When asked why they closed their shops, the foreigners in Shallang said that the closure of their shops was due to the shooting. He went to the shop in Shallang.
Shillong, March 26: Police in West Jaintia Hills District on Saturday evening arrested Kumar Sunar of Memory Colony for allegedly shooting and beating to a traffic cop a week ago.
After this manner therefore pray ye: Our Father which art in heaven, Hallowed be thy name.
Last year, which was the beginning year of the pandemic; The farmers have tried their best to cope with the loss of agriculture, but this year, due to the recurrence of this disease, the farmers have suffered. The curfew and other measures of the disease have caused the crops to rot in the fields and farmers. , they have to struggle on their own, their own means to manage their crops.
He said that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah together with the MLA of Khliehriat Constituency Bah Kyrmen Shylla who is also the Minister of the State Government will try to develop this place and make it a tourist destination.
She is not married but she prepares books at home.
Those who wish to participate can also call Teddy Laloo Secretary Sports MSGEF (phone nos: 9378194223/
Shillong, July 04: The Shillong All Faiths Forum (SAFF) on Tuesday strongly condemned the attack on Christians and the destruction of a church in Narayanpur district of Chhattisgarh on Tuesday. God this week.
He urged all the villages to be prepared to take part in other programs in the future as the village that wins the most gold medals will be the winner in this Platinum Jubilee Celebration.
As part of reducing the congestion on the roads in Shillong, the State Government has moved forward to introduce and build parking spaces in various parts of the city.
Shillong, Nailur 4: The candidates who intend to contest the mid-term MDC elections have started to exercise well and have to walk up and down their constituency.
Both teams will have to fight hard to lift themselves further up the table.
Shillong: The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, today said that the State Government has already sent the names of the people who will be the ksiang for the purpose of running the The peace talks between the HNLC and these names will be acceptable to the State Government and the Central Government.
His team scored 119 runs for the loss of all wickets and in terms of bowling, they beat South Garo Hills by 51 balls to win by 68 runs.
In Mawhati Constituency, several UDP leaders have also left to support Bah James Sylliang, an independent candidate who has been rejected from the Congress party. In the Congress nomination paper released yesterday, the ticket from Mawhati has been given to Bah RB Shadap.
Earlier this month, a cyclone called 'erngit' by Bangladeshis struck the Bay of Bengal.
“You haven't slept yet, son,” said his mother. “You're still watching,” said his mother. “Why are you watching football?” he asked his mother. "Yes, I just said," said the mother and went into her bedroom. The daughter also went to bed.
He said that police have already registered a case in connection with the shooting and according to the statement of these three children, the people who shot them were children are people from the state, not foreigners and this is understood from the way they talk.
There have been talks that Dr. Mukul Sangma may appoint one of them as Minister, as Justine Dkhar is an independent MLA. Mukul Sangma, who is also the MLA from East Jaintia Hills district, has no government minister, and Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, the Congress MLA from Ri-Bhoi district, has no minister. even for government ministers.
When faced with such problems you should not worry, parents need to seek advice from relatives or those who know more about technology or to contact teachers to seek help for technical issues.
Furthermore, the CAA is unfair as it does not include the indigenous peoples of Bangladesh, such as the Khasi and Garo.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 354 people have been newly infected with the virus and there are 2815 active cases in the state.
Bah Jyrwa was accompanied by his supporters from Mawryngkneng to the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills.
Private media outlets such as Peitngor Cable News, Ri Khasi Channel, Batesi TV, T7 and others have emerged.
Why do we use the word TNGA, is because on the part of the Kyr Kur Kynthei we cannot use the word TNGA, the same can only be done on the part of the Jait Kur Kpa around the world.
He also urged the people of the state to believe only in the promises of the Congress party.
Why don't these four leaders urge the government to improve this road which has been neglected for decades?
However, the mastieh dance of the man shows that the Khasi man has the power of main and no one can fight against it.
This practice of giving birth to children from non-Khasi fathers is illegal and violates the customs and traditions of the Khasi.
They said time will tell later on this issue.
Kolkata: West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has accused Rahul Gandhi of being a child and therefore refusing to answer for what he said against the West Bengal government at a meeting. long October 2019 in Malda.
These robbers went to take the nuts, they got the money to carry the nuts, but they just broke or buried the nuts.
If he had won again, the border would have been fixed since then because Prafulla also wanted to fix the border by giving and receiving mar mylliang.
“I will say clearly that if others need us, we will bring a petition before the people to promise to fulfill the needs of the people,” he said.
However, those who are elderly and have no illness are more likely to be affected by Covid-1
Bah Blah said the SNSBH urges all Rangbah Shnongs and members of the Executive Committee of all Dorbar Shnongs to attend this meeting and added that they should take this as an announcement.
The service was enriched by the participation of choirs from various churches to praise the name of God through songs.
The visit was also sponsored by the Sports Department of the State Government under the supervision of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh as the Minister who expressed his pride and congratulations to the wrestlers.
Meghalaya does not have a Universal Adult Franchise, there is no restriction on any ethnic group to contest elections or vote.
However, in the middle of the journey, the brake of the truck failed and the driver of the truck went straight into the hill and overturned and seriously injured the four BSF personnel. They were released and taken to Tura.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that ASHAs need gloves, hand sanitizer and masks.
The meeting was conducted by Fistinora Marbaniang, Finance Secretary of the Longkmie.
According to Thabah, the Director has confirmed that there will be no power outages this year.
He said that people have made fake pictures of trees and spread rumors that the cows have become sick and this has frightened and frightened the people to eat the meat.
Other members of the committee include TN Dhakal, MP Subba, Sarala Rai, YP Gurung, SD Tshering, PG Sherpa, Tashi Cho Cho and T Gyachho.
Tel Aviv: Hamas militants have captured dozens of Israeli soldiers on Tuesday after they managed to infiltrate Israel after opening fire on Israeli soldiers this morning. Country.
“However, in reality, the state is still facing a problem in terms of water due to the lack of proper management.
And we are the LOVE of God unto them that are saved, and unto them that are perishing.
Bah Teibor Pathaw said that at the time of the formation of the Mawlai Circle, the leaders did not inform him at all and another reason he said is because of the negligence and forgetfulness of the Mawlai Circle. The party has decided to announce the name of the party's candidate for the upcoming elections in 2023 and said that the announcement of the name of the party candidate will be held in The request of Bah Process T Sawkmie to become the candidate of the party was made by some of the UDP leaders within the circle and not by the leaders of the party.
And it shall be said in that day, Behold, this is our God; we have waited for him, and he will save us; this is the LORD; (Isaiah 25:9) May God bless us all and I hope this scripture will be of help to us.
She said the North East Network will soon release a report on safe cities for women.
On the other hand, Sohra MDC Titosstarwell Chyne said that there are cases of land revenue theft, as many of them have been passed without proper challans.
Therefore, the Seng urges the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District to help in the fight against the damage caused by wild boars to crops from time to time. It can also endanger the farmers and residents or even the lives of people in the future if the government authorities do not take measures to prevent the wild boars from coming up to damage this area. region.
An Indian man living in the United States has been arrested after a bomb blast at an office in Madison, Wisconsin.
This is true because the Jaidbynriew as the days and times go by has become more and more stable in many ways, but if we try to find the root cause we will find that all these things happen because of the excessive synjor of the Longyung-Long Sem which is the Thymmei of the Nation.
He said that children need to eat healthy and clean food and not plastic food.
“In the end, the public service is God-given,” said Mr. Kennedy.
Conrad said the government has talked to various colleges in the state to discuss how the government can assist these colleges to implement the NEP, whether it is in terms of funding, assistance. Infrastructure and other requirements.
Now the NPP's handshake has become too much but if the NPP wins a majority and gets back to lead the government, those who will stand in line to form a government with the NPP will be the same parties. who shall hold his hand.
In the final match of the day, R.Shkenshynriah SC beat R.Madanpynriang SC 10 goals from the penalty spot in the 17th minute.
Emphasizing the introduction of the Bill, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the Bill was introduced after careful consideration and there was no evil intention against anyone but for the sake of the safety of the people.
School children came to take part in the training.
In Nagaland, eight new cases of covid-19 have been confirmed, bringing the total number of cases to 460 with 292 undergoing treatment and 168 recovered, the health minister said. the Government of Nagaland.
Shillong, Jymmang 9: According to RTI, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has received 450 trade licenses issued by the KHADC to foreigners for a period of three years from 2014 to
Thomas handed over his nomination papers to the Commissioner and Secretary of the Assembly Secretariat, Andrew Simons in the presence of other MLAs. Rajya Sabha from Meghalaya from 2008 to 2012, and was first elected as MLA of North Tura in the 2018 elections and in 2023 he was re-elected as MLA of North Tura for the second time.
The letter was signed by Bah Pyndap as President of KHNAM and sent to Bah Adelbert as MLA/MDC of KHNAM. Shillong: The Delhi Court today sentenced five persons convicted of murder. in the earlier trial for coal corruption.
The second quarterfinal match will be played on the 17th of March between Rymbai Synrang Shahkhian and Ladrymbai B SC at 2.00 pm.
For Minister M.L5.
“As of now, the NPP is blowing from Garo Hills to Khasi and Jaintia Hills so we hope to win 15 seats from Garo Hills and 16-17 seats from Khasi and Jaintia Hills,” he said. said the snake.
Our ethnic group is one of the smallest compared to other ethnic groups in India.
Hadeo Ch Momin and the GNLA were responsible.
The places where you walk are clean and spacious.
He said that the government in this dorbar synrai has already requested money from the dorbar for the payment of this money to these people but till now it has not released it at all.
Ex.Rev.K.LangrinHappy New Year to you all, from the villagers to the towns, from the poor to the rich, from the sinners to the righteous, from the religious to the religious, from the immoral to the immoral. .
“As a party we will go alone in this election in Meghalaya and we hope to do well this time to get a prime minister from the BJP,” he said.
Jesus had such power and authority, if he wanted to escape from being tortured and killed by men, he could have saved himself easily but he did not force anything because it is written that Jesus must die as a ransom for mankind.
The incident happened at 9 pm this morning at his residence in Papum Pare district of Arunachal Pradesh.
The indigenous people will lose lakhs of crores of land and villages that fall under Assam because in Meghalaya they can sell their land while in Assam, they all become Government property.
Regarding Dr Mukul's allegation that the NPP is Team B of the BJP, Prestone denied that this is not true.
Speaking to reporters after the opening of the election campaign rally for the NPP candidate from Sohiong constituency, Bah Samlin Malngiang, at Madanbitaw, Prestone said that there will be a change in the election campaign. between 6 and 8 June, 2023, but he will announce what those changes will take place as he does not want to announce in advance.
There is no trust in the MDA government which has only promised.
Dr. Saksena said that education is essential these days and life includes the main parts of the body, preaching, enlightenment in life.
He also thanked all those who came to attend the launch of the music video which was held at the Khliehriat West Community Hall.
The Union of Chiefs of Village Authorities of Mawkynrew said that through the establishment of a temporary market in the area, it will prevent the exploiters from cheating the farmers for their produce.
In the 2013 election, Bah PT Sawkmie left Mawlai and went to contest against Bah AL Hek from Pynthorumkhrah Constituency where he was defeated. PT Sawkmie has contested for the MDC election but was defeated by FS Cajee who held the post for four terms and later resigned and was elected by Samla Embhahlang Syiemlieh. Bah Teibor Pathaw, son of Kong Amanda Pathaw (Bam), has finally confirmed that he will contest the MDC election from the Congress party. kwai ha dwar u Blei) who contested twice in the election and was defeated and the question is whether the son can fulfill the wishes of the mother and whether the 3641 votes are his.
C.Wanniang, Principal of St Francis D'Assissi College, Siejlieh Nongstoiñ, government employees from various departments, school and college teachers and others.
Many dignitaries and government officials are expected to attend the opening ceremony.
The Ri Lum Party can no longer accuse the national parties of winning elections by buying but.
Dr. Vijay Kumar Singh (Rtd.) inaugurated three airports connecting four cities of Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Meghalaya, Manipur and Mizoram.
He said that if they find anyone with symptoms such as fever, cough and shortness of breath, they are sent to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh for further tests. you have been infected with Covid-1
He demanded that the EPH meeting should be canceled completely to avoid any unrest.
The Government of India has strengthened the Act after seeing that the Cigarette and Other Tobacco Products Act 2003 is too strict and many violators have been fined only T.200 tyngka for violators.
Leston Wanswett, Leston Wanswett, has been the leader of the Congress party in Shella constituency for many years but he left the party before the last MLA elections due to the loss of his ticket in the Congress party. Later, after talking to the Congress party, he rejoined the Congress family in politics.
“The demolition should have been done long ago,” Mukherjee said.
Changes have come from year to year.
Nongpoh, October 01: The Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Synod, in a statement issued by Rev. HL Marsing, Senior Executive Secretary RBPS, has expressed its deep sorrow over the tragic incident. on the 26th June, 2017, at the Youth Service of the KJP Western Synod, at Nonglang Church.
She told her brother about Bah Bok's arrival. “What do you say, hep?” asked Peter.
The Minister said that the allegation that the government has planned to attack the district council is not true, but the district councils are the ones who cause trouble.
Manosha said that she has been building the statue since 2012 and it took years to complete it as it was designed according to the drawings on the paper and according to the computer arrangements.
However, as the work of the Council has progressed, it has become increasingly difficult for the leaders who sit in the House to become scheme makers and not law makers.
The purpose of this Act is to have its own State University to provide services in the field of higher and technical education as well as research opportunities and others.
With this victory, Shillong Lajong FC has escaped the relegation zone and moved up to the sixth position with four points.
“We are against this bill and we believe that if it is implemented, it will endanger the livelihood of the people of Assam and the entire North East,” said Zoramthanga, Chief Minister of Assam. Mizoram.
These Volumteer employees said that this action of the government is like a violation of their rights which they deserve, as they have been facing this problem for more than two years now.
The principal said that the incident happened in the toilet where the foreigner was building a light and he informed the police who came to arrest him immediately.
It is also the Government's original position on the most important issues and what the Government will do on them.
With this goal, Shillong Lajong were able to hold off Rangdajied until the end of the second half and won the title in the U-18 SPL
Why should we disturb and disturb the passengers and those in emergency especially those who are sick on the highway?.
Mawkyrwat, November 23: Golden Lion Football Club of Rymbai beat Siliguri United Football Club of West Bengal 5-4 goals in the XVI Football Tournament. Mawlangwir Invitation Football Tournament (MIFT) 2023-24 at Rowell Lyngdoh Stadium, Mawlangwir, South West Khasi Hills District.
If we count the corruption money, it has reached RS.25,20,000/- (200,000/-).
He also urged the government to create opportunities for the creation of employment opportunities for the youth of the state by using the natural resources of the state.
Allfond said that on that day, the farmers will be allowed to express their grievances so that the union can inform the government authorities.
Later, on 23rd October, the Symbud Secretary of the Ministry of Home Affairs sent a letter stating that a meeting had been held between the Chief Secretary of Assam and Meghalaya and the Assam Government on 18th October. November, 2022 to take a final decision and to refrain from using firearms against citizens or robbers.
There are seven candidates who have contested this election.
Welcoming the new members, Dr. LR Bishnoi, IPS, Director General of Police, said that all these members who attended the ceremony have completed their all the positions relating to difficult recruitment requirements and those who have been selected on the basis of their merit from all the 12 districts of the state.
Any government must be established by the people, not by the selfishness.
He also informed that the Survey of India has completed the survey in Hahim sector and now preparations will be made to plant the boundaries which has been welcomed by the governments of these two countries. state.
This program was organized through the cooperation of these women's organisations,” said Bah Kharsyntiew.
Syiem, I am directed to inform you that this Office has pleased to recognize and approve the Rules of Procedure of the Dorbar Raid Mynsaw, as you have informed in your report above and in accordance with the rules in you are in the Durbar on
The Chief Minister, Symud, said that the work on the LCS in Narpuh district is now in progress and the Ministry of the Union Government has accepted it. This will soon solve the problems faced by the people on a daily basis.
The remains of the Inspector General of the Border Security Force (BSF) were laid to rest at the All Saints Cathedral in Laban, Shillong.
The KHNAM MDC said that the Chief Minister has said that the government has better options for the ILP. than the ILP to curb the influx of foreigners,” said Bah Adelbert.
After the new executive committee took over in 2019, a special committee was set up headed by Bah Bindo M. Lanong, MDC Shusieh. Leaders of various Kurs on this Clan Bill.
It was decided not to submit a written request to the Central Government on these issues, especially on the IOA, Standstill Agreement and Annexed Agreement.
He said the main reason for Danggo's resignation is because the state government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma has promised to take action to achieve the creation of Ranikor Sub-Division.
He returned to India and was appointed as one of the teachers of St. Joseph's High School, Torpa.
And when I say that, maybe some of those who doubt now say, 'It is impossible that they can provide a cure in these few days! But remember, Jesus plainly said, “With men it is impossible, but not with God: for with God all things are possible.
Shillong, March 24: The Khadi Mahotsav was celebrated by the states of India from 2nd to 31st March under the theme “Khadi for Nation, Khadi for Fashion” with the aim of promoting Khadi for Nation. Khadi & Village Industries, Handloom & Handicraft, ODOP and other items produced by small factories across the country.
The funeral of Africa Suting will be held tomorrow, November 2, 2023, at the Catholic Church, Awla Punjee, Bangladesh. The funeral service will be held at 12 noon, while the Bangladesh Army will pay tribute to him at 1 pm, said a statement from Bah RM Shabong, Chairman, Coordination of Indo Bangla Riwar People.
Jodish Dkhar, President of the Langdongdai Area Unit, said that there are about 10 villages in the Malangkona area where the Assam government officials come regularly to deceive and promise. to provide food to school children and to provide all kinds of schemes related to development works in the villages.
Amin was seriously injured in the incident and was taken to a hospital in the city for treatment by doctors and nurses. The hospital said the life of the youth is still in danger due to the severity of his injuries.
A group of former MLAs and MDCs resigned from the National People's Party (NPP) on Saturday as a sign of protest against the state government for allowing the transportation of coal from Assam to East Jaintia Hills.
Elvis Presley in his days, he sang a song-I'll be yours through all the yearsTill the end of time.
He said that those who violate will be punished according to the laws of the village.
“How can we promote a maw shongksuid or a mawbam briew that is not known for a long time, the party cannot accept it at all,” he added.
He said that it was agreed at that time that the government will provide the service condition, which should not be reduced from the usual amount and another is to pay to the retired employees T .840 crore till October 2010.
The scheme aims to provide financial assistance to all farmer families who own land across the country which is for agricultural use, subject to certain conditions.
“The post of Minister of Nongkhlaw has been delayed for two years, while the post of Minister of Nongkhlaw has been delayed for two years, while the post of Minister of Nongkhlaw has been delayed for two years. 5 minutes later,” he said.
However, although the state team managed to score a few runs, Mizoram continued to lose hope in the match by taking wickets one after another.
The opposition has done a very good part and we on the part of the government will do our part,” she said after leaving the House today.
She said that the trade at that time was large and prominent and traders from northern Bangladesh went to the markets under Shella, Hat Phali and Hat Pdia (which was moved). and they went to Sohlap, and to Shella, and to this day.
Earlier, the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills, Pravin Bakshi conducted the meeting in the presence of the Joint Director of Health Services, Dr TS Nongkhlaw and others.
Indeed, the taxes collected were managed and used to build aqueducts, wells, buildings and beautification of the City of Jerusalem.
Prabhas and Shraddha Kapoor's Saaho, the first film after Baahubali, was released on Tuesday at a cost of Rs 350 crore. in Telugu, Tamil and Hindi.
She said that in fact the price of tablet hardware is T.6,850 per tablet hardware, the price of purchase from the company is T.6541 per tablet and T.2449 per tablet including educational. content, which includes the e-books of Class XI & XII Arts, Commerce and Science Syllabus MBOSE and the Courses Pre-Medical & Pre Engineering Entrance Test, and these have been certified by qualified persons at the time of choose the tender.
U Bah Shangpliang also expressed his surprise at the allegation that the Ministry of Agriculture has encouraged the farmers to turn to sohtrun cultivation instead of looking for ways and means to fight against it. this is the disease.
Former Congress MLA Mohendro Rapsang, who resigned from the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, has said that he had to leave the Congress to join the NPP. The party has been silent since it suspended him and four others.
This irregularity on the part of BPCL has caused problems to the traffic of trucks, private and commercial vehicles and has been a source of embarrassment to tourists.
The HNLC said it is unfortunate that James K Sangma wants the rebel parties to come to talks without any conditions while the government is ready to set conditions. and it will be discussed later and here it is clear that the basis on which they stand is not clear, it is exactly as they say to the fishermen, break the fish in the pond first, then fill the water if necessary.
This year, the Dada Saheb Phalke Award, the highest award in the country, was presented to Bollywood actress Waheeda Rehman.
Two students received the Laptop Award and these include Mayanka Pde who is studying at Jowai Govt.
As she used to work, she provided everything before it was time to go to work or class.
Sharif, who won elections comfortably in January last year, has refused to step down, while Qadri and Khan have alleged that Sharif's victory in the election 2013, you are, you have done it.
He said that the UDP does not reject the ILP, to prevent people especially the introduction of the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016, but it has not yet sat down to discuss this issue. Bindo said the UDP also denies the allegation by some Congress leaders that it has not opposed the CAB. The CAB, which has appeared in the media earlier and recently took part in the meeting of all political parties chaired by Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, was welcomed by the AGP. Guwahati,” said Bindo.
In ancient times, when human morality and human conscience were still alive.
