Speaking on the need for a Hima Dorbar, Sohra MDC Bah TW Chyne said that the Hima Dorbar should exist regularly and if the Dorbar Hima is abolished, it will lead to other Hima Dorbars not to convene Dorbar Hima anymore. If the Hima Mylliem does not need to hold a dorbar.
I don't know why most of the hospitals or outpatient clinics think and treat the patients as human beings and not as pigs. to treat, while here to ask too much, it seems that they don't know the diseases well, when they look at them, they seem to be the only ones who are stupid.
The second option is up to the government for the SMC to use the Civil Hospital, Ganesh Das Hospital and Red Chest Hospital. to convert these places into educational institutions.
You will have to eat the food prepared from the prison, which includes a bowl of dai, a variety of jhur and 4 or 5 chapatti.
However, as of now, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has not issued any announcement to the public to prevent or avoid the spread of the disease. Don't sting but don't go to the hospital if you get such a disease.
Yes! In the game there will always be struggle on the field but don't let that be the reason in their daily lives.
Akhil, who is currently undergoing treatment at Guwahati Medical College, defeated Surabhi Rajkonwari of the BJP by 9,064 votes.
It is alleged that even after the social peace agreement with the government, the kidnapping and looting of the members of the party in Garo Hills continues.
“Personally, I feel that George B Lyngdoh is the right candidate but the party will consider the issues related to the 2024 MP-Lok Sabha elections,” said Charles.
“However, 3,000-4,000 cows are smuggled to Bangladesh from Meghalaya every month at a high price,” said Bah Warlarpih.
The new building was also inaugurated on 17th July 2023 by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has asked the government to assure the HNLC that it will surrender first and that it will talk.
Tel Aviv: Israeli soldiers, three hours; residents of eastern Gaza to flee immediately to the western parts of the city to escape the attack. , by the Israeli army.
The crowd of believers who came to the service, as soon as it rained, moved their seats, many of them ran up and down and many of them went to sit inside the cars to listen to the service from the car. while some of them who had not prepared their shatri sat down until the end of the service.
The Khasi Jaintia Development Council (KDC) in Assam was recently introduced by the Congress government and at the same time it was introduced at the Assam State Level Cabinet Sub-Committee held on 7th January
On the other hand, Samla Redyonstone Nongrum Chairman Education Cell of KSU Sengkmie said that if the Assam police continue to attack our people, the KSU Sengkmie will have to think about doing something. and whatsoever thou shalt need, it shall be done in any way.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: The Chairman of the People's Democratic Forum (PDF) in Khasi Hills District Council, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, on Tuesday rejected the call of the HSPDP for a public meeting at Madan Student. “It's just a political act by the political parties within the ARPA just to get respect,” said Bah Pyn. comfortable talking to reporters.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 16: The town of Nongstoiñ has started to become more and more urban in various areas from development and others.
On receiving information that Agnes Kharshing has recognized Amita Sangma, she requested the NEIGRHIMS authorities to take her to the hospital. Agnes, along with the security forces, went to the ICCU.
This shows how much Prime Minister Narendra Modi values ​​the development of the region.
The KSU said that the village has sent a letter to the teacher, but he has acted improperly and has not come to teach at the school.
Prince Philip, the husband of Queen Elizabeth II, who lived with the Queen for 73 years, died today at the age of
Mawlai MLA Embhahlang Syiemlieh was also present on the occasion.
“Think about it, we who have small shops will have to spend 50 tyngka to buy water to clean this place. If we don't do that, we will die of hunger,” he said. reveal.
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un on this occasion has been angry and criticized the heads of internal affairs agencies for failing to address the problems of the people in connection with the incident. lynshop in the storm that passed through parts of the country last month.
When asked whether Dr. Khongjee has become a full member of the BJP, BJP leaders said, “Of course she has joined the party, but we don't want to disclose her name. Hamlet Malngiang, Vice President of the BJP Sohra Mandal, said:
First of all, the HYC would like to congratulate the doctors, nurses and staff of various hospitals.
After the incident, the employees of the petrol pump tried to drive away the vehicle and caught it at 9 mer and handed it over to the police for further investigation. The investigation is ongoing.
Schools and parents of children should fall under the blame together.
Chief Judicial Magistrate M Joshi has granted bail to Champion under the Meghalaya Preventive Detention Act after he was arrested for escaping from the police to join the GNLA. Shillong District Jail.
Lajong beat Aizawl 1-0 in the 58th minute with a goal from Kynsailang Khongsit.
On the other hand, an Alto (ML 10C 3244) from Laitlyngkot collided with another Mini truck, which was coming from the opposite direction. Your number is ML 07 B
Nongthynit responded in the second half with a goal from Rabi Hansda in the 67th minute.
In Zone 2, Tura won the toss and elected to tie first against North Garo Hills.
On the 13th, at Nongthymmai, East Khasi Hills, the Chairman inaugurated a restaurant which started with a loan of T.18 lakh under the Service Sector of PMEGP. On the 13th, in a meeting held at the Secretariat, the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma and the Chairman of the The KVIC has discussed various schemes of the Khadi & Village Industries Commission.
Paul said the party will also request the HSPDP to think twice before its decision to support the independent candidate Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit.
He said that Kong Ampareem is older and more intelligent than him and for that reason she was elected as the leader of the CLP. It is the Congress which has rejected the idea because while it is still with the Congress but it has joined hands with the BJP. The BJP has not accepted the Congress either.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Carness Sohshang said that the farmers are the source of income and he praised the department for working hard for the development of the farmers.
Those who started from Motphran went slowly like a 'mattah' to Khyndai Lad.
He said that Meghalaya has now moved forward and has been recognized as a state that has been able to implement various schemes of the central government, including PMGSY, PMAY, JJM, MGNREGS. awards and grants.
The purpose of this volunteer program is to provide brief training on the needs and methods of working for the beneficiaries.
The suspect was identified as Hafizur Rahman, resident of Kabaitari, Jogighopa PS. Hafizur Rahman, a teacher at Markazul Ma Arif Qariana Madrasa in Goalpara, was arrested on 26th July, 2022 for his involvement with groups. after the jihadists.
And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was lost in the day of judgment.
He said the state government has decided to set up a camp near the Simsang River in East Gao Hills district.
“While the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi has visited the region about 60 times, he has launched the Act East policy of the Government of India.
And in the midst of this pandemic, the conflict between the government and the opposition does not end.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Mayborn Lyngdoh said that this decision of the government is a turning point for them because recently the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the state told the media that the government has The Cabinet has decided to increase the expenditure by Rs 200 crore for adhoc teachers while the Cabinet has decided to increase it by Rs 100 crore per annum. The Congress government led by Dr Mukul Sangma has increased the salaries of teachers by 100% in
This ropeway is also aimed at helping the youth.
On Para 19 Under the Sixth Schedule, there is paragraph 19 (I-b), which empowers the Lat temporarily, until the establishment of District Councils.
Shillong, Nailur, 01: Police of the Anti-Narcotics Task Force (ATA) of East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday evening conducted a raid at Lumjingsuk Block-A. It is located in the village of Madanryting, Shillong.
“Our goal is to promote the sport and make this place one of the training centers for national players.
C.Nongdhar scored the first goal in the 19th minute.
Isaiah 35:1–7.
“We are concerned about the young people who drive and drink alcohol at the same time, the driving of those who do not have a license.
Because there are enough supporters in the House, it is not difficult to form a government but the way this government works will decide whether this change will benefit the special people in these holy hills. our.
Shah said that when India reaches the $5 trillion economy, the North East should also set a target to play a major role in this effort and when the whole of India has By 2047, the North East will also be developed and self-sufficient.
MZP President UL Ramdinliana Renthlei said that the students will be free to build a rest area at the site if there is no ban on the construction of a Muslim mosque in Assam.
Therefore, the Custom which is the Dustur has been Customised over time.
The village, which is located in the hills, has 65 households, where the villagers live, work in agriculture, especially shyrti cultivation to clean up the forest, and burn to plant trees. planting of rice, wheat, barley, shrimp, sorghum, sorghum, and others.
Shillong: Rangdajied United beat Malki 3-1 in the first leg of the Shillong Premier League on Saturday.
The ration for AAY card holders is 35 kilos per household (no payment).
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has also resigned from the leadership seat after failing to win, even for himself as a Member of Parliament.
The Memorandum clearly states that any government office may send information to the MPSC and DSC on vacancies from time to time in accordance with the Government Recruitment Act.
In Sohmynting, about 200 houses were damaged on Sunday.
At the meeting of the residents of five villages, including Umroi Umdohbyrthih, Umroi Madan, Umroi Labansaro, Umroi Jaiawpdeng and Umroi Nongrah, which fall under the jurisdiction of the Umroi Pyllun Dorbar, They held a special meeting in the presence of Bah George Lyngdoh, in which they decided to come out for the repair of the Pandal which was damaged by the storm.
Regarding this incident, the residents of the area said that many times they have stayed in this place during the heavy rain and respectfully requested They also requested the Government to build a bridge in this river so that in the future there will be no incident that will cause injury to the people of this area because the road itself is the next. They said that they are responsible for their lives and livelihoods as residents.
However, we have to take this as a challenge and work for the improvement of education, whether it is in terms of education policy, whether it is the government to allocate funds for the construction of schools. school buildings, whether it is to open People's Colleges, whether it is in terms of providing support for the construction of schools and colleges,” he said.
The suspect was identified as Vicky Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi, husband of Kong D Marbaniang of Mawlai Nongkwar Block
After the KSU members left the KHADC, it was seen that the PAs of the MDCs there had gathered in one place and did not want to sit inside their offices.
There were 228 banners removed from government properties and 440 from public properties.
In East Jaintia Hills, 2 cases have been confirmed and in South West Khasi Hills, 2 cases have been confirmed.
Furthermore, the JMB has been directed to fix the date of the meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs and to resolve the issues and shortcomings.
He said that the reason for the Air Force's failure to throw garbage is because it doesn't have enough equipment, but even if it doesn't have enough equipment, it shouldn't take advantage of the equipment. inside the houses, because this causes not only pollution, but also the risk of getting sick, because the children walk every day on this road, when they go to school; Not only that, even the toilet water is drained into the same drain without setting the drains.
Cameron, who has been away from acting since 2018, decided to make a comeback this year after being pressured by her close friend Jamie Foxx.
Phrang Pakem (30'), Romaio (62', 73') and Bing Chyrmang (79') scored the four goals for Moolait.
Out of these 18 medals, 2 are gold, 3 are silver and 13 are bronze.
Too many cooks spoil the broth...Fill it,shut it,forget it...Jai khasi mata.
Continue ......INFO WE NEED TO KNOW: If there is a strong wind, or a strong wind that wants to destroy the house, take a Siang Dieng that has been used as a step and step. , put it on a wooden board, and put it on a wooden board so that the wind will pass through your house.
Police have recovered four 9 mm pistols, one round of ammunition, 15 rounds of pistol ammunition and one SBML rifle. Shillong, Naiwieng 18: A bomb detonated by the HNLC in Mawbah (Jhalupara) He has turned into a dispute between the HNLC and the police, as the police have alleged that he is only a small bomb who is not strong while the HNLC has said that he is The bomb was so strong that it destroyed houses, damaged vehicles and damaged vehicles. She said that the bomb was capable of destroying those within 100 meters of the blast site. .
Speaking to Rupang, Dr Ampareen said the MDA government has no responsibility and is going around without urgency to solve the problems of drivers and this shows that Meghalaya does not have a government. .
I'll be back soon," he said.
According to the story that has been told about you since you became MLA from Nongkrem constituency, how you have managed to provide food & civil supply to yourself. It is remembered that all the villages in the state in just two months, have received ration to the villagers.
After the investigation, the members of the union found that these mynder did not have proper documents. After this, they were handed over to the Mawlai Police Station. punishment for those vehicles which intend to smuggle these foreigners.
Unlike in the past, we used to wear our own clothes in schools.
Last month, the 11 KV power lines were damaged in the 11 KV power lines which caused a power outage in the area for more than 10 months. eie now.
Participants include children, adults and youth, and the prize money is T.10,000/-, T.7,000/- and T.5000/-.
Hek said there are many schemes under the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department and the Fisheries Department which benefit the farmers such as the Aquaculture Mission, Poultry Mission and Piggery Mission.
The Cabinet also approved the decision to amend the Meghalaya Fiscal Responsibility Budget Management (MFRB) Act 2006 and an ordinance in this regard.
He said that former Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) President Robertjune Kharjahrin is one of those who has expressed his desire to contest the Lok Sabha election from the Shillong Parliamentary seat.
Later, he also distributed a grant of 47.75 lakh tyngka to 73 Producers Groups through FOCUSS with the aim of enabling them to improve their performance.
Mawkriah in the previous two matches, had scored 32 goals but in this match, they played hard to defend their own goal, in which they managed but it was not. Umpling's penalty was scored.
Immediately afterwards, the police called the two men to speak at the police station.
The death toll in China has risen to
Bah Carmel has opposed the passage of the Bill and has already raised the table during the KHADC dorbar and has also praised the Bill.
“Furthermore, Bah Warjri said that the State will also be able to host the International Grand Master Tournament which is scheduled to be held next year.
We have received His salvation by faith and by obeying His Word. Ka Rympei Khasei Khasai reminds all the children of Hynniewtrep and Hynniewskum that they should gather the Dorbar Rympei, the Dorbar Kur, the The Dorbar Dong, the Dorbar Shnong, the Dorbar Raid, the Dorbar Hima, to swear socially and swear to their young men and women that they shall not invite the wrath of God into their community by stirring up trouble. the nation by living in harmony with the authorities (khaitpohjar and kadaitpohja) who have no god and no law.
Edufest is an education market where only AICTE, UGC, MCI, DCI accredited colleges can participate, which will make it easier for students and parents to get complete information regarding the requirements. related to education, hostels, admission and others face to face with the representatives of various universities.
Besides, the party has also appointed Edmund K Sangma in charge of Tura City, Rikman Momin in charge of East Garo Hills and Dr KC in charge of Tikrilla, Phulbari, Raksamgre and Rajabala in charge of West Garo Hills. Boro while Selsella and Dadengre were handed over to Parmod Koch.
Kashmir coach Dave Robertson said Lajong players played well to score as seen in previous games.
The sudden announcement by the Election Commission of the elections to be held on 16th June has stirred up the political parties especially the NPP and Congress to find a candidate to contest the mid-term elections.
The ceremony was conducted by Bah D.Sohkhlet, President of TYWDS and the Sirdar of Tyrna Elaka, Bah D.Marbaniang.
Therefore, they have not received the benefits provided by the government under the Act, 1992, and the National Commission for Minority Educational Institutions Act, central and state governments.
Shillong: The BSF today seized 26 cows worth T.5.45 lakh from Hawaitilla in West Jaintia Hills District of Meghalaya.
The JNC also reminded that the state government has proposed to set up a Mini Secretariat (Integrated Development Complex) in each district with the aim of improving the service delivery of the government to the people.
He also congratulated the National Library Board for allocating T.2.33 crore for the improvement of the State Library Complex.
If the Khasi army is created, it will be a real shock in the world because those who have the appearance of Negro, Nepali, Bihari, Chinese, will be Khasi soldiers, who are no longer related to other peoples of the world. who have the special appearance of that nation.
The meeting was chaired by the President of the Union, Alan Niangti.
The following are listed as attempts to ensure that the full authority of the House is not violated: Contempt of House: a lympung syllok and taunia on any subject related to the household, village or kingdom.
Therefore, he said that the village would have thanked the Meghalaya government through the PWD department to allocate funds to clean up this road and if the villagers get a painted road which has been painted. “It is the honor of the village that it will not be neglected because it is located near the road,” he added.
When asked about the state budget, Prestone said, “It is not that much but what I am saying is that it shows that it will support us.
Shillong: The party has expressed its confidence in Bah Teiborlang Pathaw to be the NPP candidate for the 2023 election. This was stated by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah and National Vice President of the NPP, Prestone Tynsong on the occasion of welcoming Teiborlang Pathaw to the party.
It is to be recalled that this program is part of the celebration of Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav, the 75th Independence Day and the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya.
The success of this program was due to the collaboration of Prof. Ranendra Hajong, Department of General Surgery, NEIGRIHMS and Nodal Officer, SOTTO Meghalaya and Priyanka Borah, CEO of Zublee Foundation and their team.
Once you enter the parking lot, you cannot leave even those who do not have a car pass.
(The seeds of riewhadem are called Shriew.
Besides, it is learned that there are poor families who have lived in this house built by the government, but after buying their own land they have left.
" Rida asked, "Do you have a brother...?" He asked again, “I'm alone, sir.
The first case in Beijing has been reported in two months.
“The people have now seen that it is only the BJP that has fulfilled the promises it has made to the people,” he said.
Aryan Borah (1/18) and Abhishek Kumar (1/31) took two wickets.
There will be a ban on the transportation or unloading of petrol, diesel and alcoholic beverages until the end of the meeting. All pump/vehicle owners are requested to cooperate with the Seng.
(MGSPH & SVA) which has gone blindly, without understanding the loss, is still in KHADC, just for the personal gain of someone.
Earlier, an investigation by IG Law and Order Mukesh Kumar Singh found that Iangrai was involved in the purchase of 29 police vehicles during his tenure as AIG (A).
In Group D, Atong Matgrik beat Warima Youth Club 3-2 in the first half to 4-3 in the second half. .
Therefore, this coloring will also be an insult to the animals that will be seriously injured and there are many cows that have been covered with colors until they are blind and die in the middle of the fighting on the field.
"Through this new contract, the player looks forward to playing well in the Durand Cup, I-League and one day getting the chance to play for ISL clubs in the future. you can come.
Heavy rainfall will continue in parts of the state today and will continue on the 18th and 19th of this month and even on the 20th and 21st of July. .
There is a meeting place at Don Bosco Square, Shillong every Tuesday and Saturday.
“We on behalf of the village are grateful to the police who are working hard to arrest the robbers,” said Bah Ora and added that if possible, a police outpost should be located in Shella to protect them from the robbers. There is no police station in Mawlong Hima.
They urged the government to take action to build a better road to reach these villages, so that the farmers and tourists can escape from the problem.
“This program and the Common Minimum Program will be for the purpose of bringing development projects to the area,” said UDP Working President Paul Lyngdoh after the opening of the executive committee meeting of the NERPF. in Guwahati on Tuesday.
The ED suspects that the company has links with politicians and also wants to find the beneficiaries of the money, despite suspicions that the company is running the money, through an agreement with a Chinese company.
Taking part in the debate in the House, Bah Chyne said that the people of Sohra area who live from the coal mining are now in a state of uncertainty because they don't have jobs. don't jam anymore.
Earlier, it was seen that as soon as the voices to overthrow the ARPA came out again from the speeches of Bah Pyniain Sing Syiem, it was seen that the Congress MDCs were very busy entering and leaving the district council to find friends and swait. by what means to gain control.
Wow ! Our legislators are ashamed and condemned for being sensitive on the grounds of defeat in the upcoming elections even though that issue is wrong and incompatible with the Constitution of India.
Regarding the release of 1,301 posts, the Chief Minister said that the posts themselves remain with the Meghalaya Public Service Commission (MPSC). Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie, who wanted to know why the MPSC did not call for an interview, said that the MPSC has not been able to conduct an interview with the MPSC. synrai on this day.
Two children, including a 5-year-old child from Eastern West Khasi Hills District, who lost his right hand from electric shock and another child. A three-year-old girl from South West Khasi Hills District has lost both her hands.
The lightning will spread across Sohra, Lyngkyrdem and Mylliem constituencies.
Hyderabad FC has selected two players from the Kick Start Football Coaching Center to join the squad of the team. within 15 years.
The Uniform Civil Code (UCC) is against the idea of ​​India as a multi-ethnic country and this diversity is our strength as a country. country.
She also asked for a statement to be issued for future questions, explaining that the matter is still in its infancy and will soon be investigated.
The North East Frontier Railways' increasing efforts to build a railway line in Ri Khasi have angered many churches.
Shillong: There have been 16 new cases of corona virus in East Khasi Hills today, including 13 BSF personnel and 3 others.
Belldona Pakyntein (Low Kick Senior Women -52 kg), 2.
I suggest that the SRT should promote the traditional dramas of the people of the area,” said Singh.
The MLA was accompanied by Executive Engineer Jowel Marbaninag, Assistant Executive Engineer Anumanda Sumer, Joint Engineer Don Swer, Rangbah Shnong Syrpai. Marbaniang and Pynthorbah Village Office Bearers Bah AL Hek has promised to bring about development works for the improvement and beautification of Pynthorbah Village so that it will be a blessing to the people of Pynthorbah Village.
If religion is not right, the Christian church cannot enter our State.
The District Sports Officer of South West Khasi Hills District today opened the Arta Football Tournament for children under 12 years old. Mawkyrwat Block Level Under-12 Football Tournament 2023 was held at Mawlangwir Sports District in the presence of Bah SK Budnah President of Mawlangwir Sports Club. sports field.
A woman, Iaineh Papeng (52), resident of Nongryngkoh, has lost her life in the shooting death of her husband.
Not many state governments are going to engage the youth in this way.
He said the UDP agrees with the demand of the VPP to improve the Reservation Policy.
There is no denying that unemployment among the youth has increased.
Before the Khasi war happens and the land is shaken from east to west, isn't it good that the government should discuss and discuss in the Legislative Assembly that those who criticize rudely and those who speak rudely? others shall be arrested, imprisoned and fined.
Furthermore, the HNYF leaders asked the state government where the land revenue from coal, Mawshun and others collected from the weighbridge gates and other places goes. They also said that all the revenue that the government should have received has gone to the pockets of private individuals, while the revenue is increasing day by day. The people of the state as a whole have been affected.
In this regard, the HYC has suggested to the Minister to provide the necessary equipment at the garbage dump according to the present era, and the Municipal should follow the rules when disposing of garbage or burning the bodies. HYC Mawlai Circle General Secretary Danny Z Mukhim said that the death toll has increased.
The funeral service will be held on 18.12.2021, at 2 pm, at the Jowai Presbyterian Church.
“We are fortunate that 80 percent of the share has been allocated to us the people of Meghalaya, so let it remain as it is, don't change it, otherwise we will lose this 80 percent,” said Bah Dundee.
Speaking before the ribbon cutting ceremony, the BDO Laskeiñ Block, expressed his gratitude to the MSSDS and the Women's Wing for conducting such a special and first training in the Block and District for the residents of Laskeiñ Block. have disabilities.
He said that the Prevention of Disqualification Act, 2015 will remain in force as it has already received the approval of the Governor and its implementation or non-implementation will depend on the Governor. The Court shall be informed if there is a complaint against those who do not ark am.
Pyndap Syiemlieh was elected as president, vice president Kamnipaya Siangshai, general secretary Laski Rymbai, assistant secretary Shaiñlangmeki Sumer, publicity secretary Spelbha Pala, finance secretary Pheiñ Sympli, organizing secretary Jiwel Sumer, sports secretary Manbha Lam Synshar and office secretary.
Although there are rumors from time to time about the quarrel between Priyanka and Deepika, their happiness to meet face to face at the opening of the NMACC and at the same time the language barrier shows that I don't think there's any difference between them and that these friends don't think there's any hatred or evil.
At that time, there was a war in heaven.
The victory extended Real Madrid's unbeaten run to 21 games and added points to the top of the table.
Other MLAs attended a workshop held for the MLAs of the State in Mohali, Punjab.
The 9-lad film will be screened in 5 shows at Bijou at 11 am, 1 pm, 3 pm, 5 pm and 7 pm while at Galeria there will be only 1 show per day. is not yet known.
He was rushed to Swer PHC but later shifted to Civil Hospital Shillong.
In the 5 KM Marathon, the Police started from Mawtnum and ended at the Indoor Stadium Umlyngkdait Nongpoh.
He said that to spell the alphabet there must be a phonetic symbol and KAS will write to NEHU, Arts and Culture to correct this spelling symbol.
The Speaker of the House and NCP President Sanbor Shullai also expressed his deep sorrow over the passing away of Maraj.
According to the news, this plan has been estimated but it is not clear whether it will be completed or not.
“Besides, tell me about the unfinished projects prepared for the National Games.
Under the leadership of Conrad Sangma, the government, under the theme 'Your Health – Our Priority', has put the importance of health at the forefront.
Besides Dr Lytan, Dr B.Nongkhlaw, Medical and Health Officer, Jowai Civil Hospital, was also present to assist in the health camp.
“It is time to join hands to fight against this problem where the government should take action to implement Waste Management across the state and we hope that the government and the The District Council will be able to find the places to break the garbage”.
Speaking to u SP of East Jaintia Hills by phone, he confirmed that they are suspected of using spirit and mixing in kyaid and other illegal activities.
Rev.E Sanglyne, Ex-Executive Secretary KJP Synod Mihngi, Incharge of the Youth Assembly, came to unveil the tablet and also gave the opening speech. theme “Know the Lord.
“With this approval, the Police Department has been allowed to look after the needs of the Police in the Districts,” he said.
In the incident, the BSF troops did not do anything and there was no attempt by them to expel and stop the Bangladeshis who came in many boats.
The disease has destroyed and destroyed us, but this is not the end of our lives.
The money should be paid within seven days of the incident and should be paid to her relatives according to the rules of the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment.
The Prime Minister also stressed on the work of the entire Government.
The KSU has constructed this garbage dump as part of the cleanliness campaign in the village so that the residents do not throw garbage.
Hato can't don't have it," he said.
The Garo people have produced three Prime Ministers including (L) Capt.
The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) has not held a single meeting between the two prime ministers since the formation of the coalition government for nearly two and a half years.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur, 01: Due to the deterioration of the road from Diengsyiang village, the residents of Nongkhnum village have expressed their deep sorrow, because when they go for pleasure or work to Nongkhnum, they have to climb slowly. They went to Lawse and went down to Nongkhnum.
He said that yesterday he had already clarified on the appearance of this unfounded news.
“The Durand Cup is a football tournament that has been held by the military for more than 100 years.
Because it not only offends people, but it also offends God.
Speaking at a meeting held at Sohiong Market, Bah Pala said that no matter what happens, they need to win the constituency.
She said that the collection of garbage in Iawmusiang is not only from the market residents but there are also people from different villages who have come to throw their garbage into the Iawmusiang market.
It is understood that the birth of these two may take place in
Continuing the good performance of the country's chess player D. Gukesh, the report said that the player has defeated his opponent Alireza Firouzja; who holds the second position in the world in the live ratings; Gukesh to open his journey at the 11th Norwegian Chess Championships in Stavanger, Norway.
Other speakers included SC Sadhu, Secretary, AH & Veterinary Department and others.
From time to time and in almost every hearing of cases related to illegal mining and transportation of coal, the state government and the police department have been threatened by the judges in the Meghalaya High Court.
The Jowai Block Congress Committee (JBCC) has expressed its deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of Dr.P Syngkon, President of the JBCC. he is the one who is in the sem.
The residents who passed by discussed the behavior of the Municipal which comes only once in a while even though it is seen that the land vendors sit and clog the streets every day.
I can also say that the election time is the time of agreement between the people and the candidates because at this time all the candidates when they come and go out in our villages come together. The sweet promises and promises that come out of their mouths are so sweet that even if you pour water into a polo, not a single drop will fall.
Ernest appealed to the people to allow the BJP to form a government in Meghalaya to bring about development, unemployment and peace in the state.
His wife, Mrs Meenakshi Jolly, is the President of the Air Force Wives Welfare Association (AFWWA) Regional. month, she was also honored at the Eastern Air Command HQ, Shillong.
In addition, it was found that the terrorist had ordered his followers and group to attack Pakistan's Punjab, while he himself was living in hiding and pretending to be a civilian in Canada.
They have set up the first call centers in the Northeast with serviced clients like Aircell, Airtell and Idea. SS Netcom has decided to sell the call center business of these telecom companies due to the incorrect price. .
Meghalaya scored only 94 runs before being all out for the loss of 19.1 overs after being sent off for the first time.
O R Shallam October 11, 2021 On the occasion of the 50th Anniversary of Independence and the 75th Anniversary of Independence from the British, we the citizens of Meghalaya and our beloved India Many preparations have been made to celebrate the 50th and 75th anniversaries.
He said that what hurts him most is that he has to spend all the money he has to spend on the maintenance of the road, is that he finds that the poor and needy women have to walk. and they went down to a distant hill, when they went to heal when they were sick.
According to Witting Mawsor, the HSPDP office has been in turmoil since one group wanted to instigate another group to submit applications for the HSPDP. ticket.
Tonight, there will be a full eclipse of the moon, in which its round body will appear entirely on Earth and the eclipse will be different and more, between 14 to 30 percent, from the moon. ju long all the time.
We see that even in the field of literature and philosophy, there are cases when writers explain misleadingly or unfoundedly in relation to culture, society, customs, ideas that beyond the meaning of action and our teachings, and in relation to the worldview in terms of language and the depth of their thoughts and beyond their speech.
In response to the blockade, police arrested 20 troublemakers, according to the report.
However, he didn’t return home until late in the evening.
He said why they are willing to pay, when this money they pay is taken from the drivers and through their payment, the state gets good roads so the drivers they should not complain about this, but they should definitely pay.
Therefore, with this, Khasi youths who can do well can continue their studies at these leading universities in India like JNU and Banaras University,” he added.
There were only 2 women and 2 men working at the petrol pump.
The teachers, who should be suspended, are three from government schools and two from private schools.
Leaders and members of the Joint National Council (JNC) CEC today left to reprimand the Branch Manager of the Rural Bank, Ladrymbai EJHD, for his lack of manners.
Rani also requested RTI on the availability of government land or revenue land in Shillong from the Deputy Commissioner's Office. Shillong.
Foreign exporters, supermarkets, super markets and companies will be invited through the Embassy of India to promote and experience the products.
As a sign of condemnation of the violence and invasion of the mynder in the Khasi areas, it shows that these people no longer respect the authorities of the law and the indigenous people.
Just as a door brings fresh air and light into a room, books bring wisdom to enlighten people and give them meaning and light to the sign of a new life.
He explained how to reduce the use and recycling of products especially those produced from plastic.
“When the new plant was put into operation, the target was to produce 600 MT per day and 18,000 MT per month but we have not been able to do so and we have not been able to reach the point of not losing money,” he said. He said that the production capacity was 10,500 MT per month but it has not been able to produce even the salaries of the workers in the past years despite the Government's allocation of Rs 300 to 400 crore to maintain the factory.
Moosianglamare Old and Moosianglamare New have secured a place in the semifinals after winning the Third Division Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA).
Until the ninth century, believers publicly expressed their suffering by wearing sackcloth, washing their clothes, and so on in order to cleanse themselves from sins and receive forgiveness or repentance.
First of all, they have to understand the needs and desires of the people who have been affected by the existence of these high-level political parties.
Four suspects including Thos Lyngdoh, Baian Lyngdoh, Biang Lyngdoh, Toning Lyngdoh and Hap Lyngdoh robbed and killed a man identified as Kumno Sukhalin at Wah Tyra in Daistong village.
Gradually, these snowflakes stir up the soil and cause the destruction of the mountains.
He hid his face from them according to the evil of their doings.
Shillong, March 6: The robbery of robbers has shocked many people this morning at 5 pm; Meanwhile, a bus ML 06 5380, driven by Shrek Nongbet, 50, of Pomblang village, which was heading from Phudkroh to Shillong, was stopped on the road. on the road to Balat and Ranikor.
Young leaders from seven different countries, including India, Sri Lanka, Maldives, Nepal, Bangladesh and Pakistan will participate in the exchange programme.
The Peon of the office informed the Parliamentary Secretary at 12:30 pm about the loss of these items from his office, the FIR said.
However, many people point fingers at Bah Pala and ask him what he has done, forgetting that he is the MP who has spoken the most times in Parliament among the MPs from the North East”.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng 17: The employees of the National Highway Authority of India (NHIA) have started repairing the road blockade on the 14th of this month. The collapse of the National Highway-6 at Narpuh, East Jaintia Hills District. It was found that the road was repaired by covering the holes with soil and stones.
What is the soul? The soul comes directly from God and returns to Him when we have completed our life on earth.
The sale of goods to the public seems to have started to slow down and return to normal.
If we are not Christians, we should write with a team and a torch,” said the father suddenly.
They also congratulated him on his success in bringing great glory to the country and the nation. They also blessed the parents to have a healthy body. We can give our full support to our children so that they can play more and more and develop their talents, because we understand without encouragement and encouragement. from his household all his clothes shall be in vain.
There have been 73 recoveries from the coronavirus in the state today.
He extended his condolences to the family members, relatives and friends of Obil Kyndait and hoped that with the help of the Creator, he will comfort their souls at this time of trouble. do not dum you come.
Speaking to media, Hek said that if the government finds that the owner of the KPC company is involved in illegal activities as he has been accused, the government will not hesitate to dismiss him. Shillong Medical College has signed an MOU with this company.
The countries that are the most attractive to the world, such as Europe, Asia, America and some parts of Africa, earn billions and trillions of dollars each year.
The Shillong Press Club also sends its condolences to his wife and son as well as to all the family members.
After this, the match started to turn and on the part of the girls of Mawkriah West tried their best to score a goal until the end of the first half when Jidalin Tympuin scored the second goal. He scored the seventh goal for Lawei.
The Behdeiñkhlam festival, which is called the 'four days of the month', started on the 11th and ended on the 14th of this month. The Dolloi of Jowai District, Langdoh, Pator and that Wasan Wasan.
This is the custom when a family/kur has only sons and in order to increase the wealth within the kur they marry from other neighboring tribes like the Karbi who take their jait from u. well.
Two persons have died of the disease in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of deaths to
According to this order, the term of office for those selected is until 31.12.2022 or can be extended till
Speeches were also delivered by the elders of the Lamin War Jaintia Kur, including Wansuk Lamin (Secretary) and Chui Lamin Pohlynjar (President).
Of these, 234 were arrested in 2022, 355 in 2023 and 25 in 2024. 10% of those arrested were women involved in drug trafficking.
The application was sent by Lakadong Turmeric Cooperative Union Limited, Jowai with the support of the Department of Horticulture.
Earlier, there was a clash between police and farmers in the Singhu area.
“If this Bill is passed, for me it is a day of mourning for the people,” said Bah Pangiang who is also an MLA/MDC. “Please implement it until October 2019,” said Bah Pangniang. .
Goenka said he has informed the Shillong authorities who have taken responsibility for the matter.
There have been 3,62,727 new cases of coronavirus in India in the past 24 hours.
The ceremony was held at Iawmusiang, Jowai and was attended by the people, leaders and members of the three parties.
There are 486 active cases in East Khasi Hills, 160 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 50 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 42 cases in Ri Bhoi, 20 cases in West Garo Hills, 5 cases in South West Khasi Hills, 7 cases in East Garo Hills. South West Garo Hills 2 and South Garo Hills
The trees outside the second fence did not fall under the ESZ. After this, the Municipal Minister KT Rama Rao directed the relevant authorities to increase the number of trees in relation to the construction. to prevent the felling and felling of many trees which can cause environmental damage.
Ltd and is located in the village of Rajabagan.
The deadline for registration is 1st June
HUCC scored only 35 runs in 14 overs for the loss of all wickets.
“The names of the candidates are already in our plan but we don't want to announce them yet,” said Witting Mawsor.
In the short meeting of the day, Adiam U Bthuh, Jt.
ANVC-B Leader Rimpu Marak expressed his deep sorrow over Sohan's threat to attack the police.
It is this that has enslaved our nation to ride horses and fear.
The campaign was held yesterday.
The woman replied, "It is better to be a man than to be a religious man, because a religious man is cold while a human being is cold.
She died on 16th June 2021 from covid 19, according to official sources.
Dippu scored 24 runs off 19 balls.
To win only one or two elections is not enough.
On the shortage of students taking the Khasi subject, he said the Board has promised to find out the reason for this.
The school has arranged that the first div winners will receive T500/- tyngka and the Bhalang who won the title will receive T5000/- tyngka.
Alison Kharsyntiew will take over as assistant coach of Mohammedan SC in the 2023-24 I-League, while Andrey Chershynov of Russia will take over as head coach of West Bengal.
Shillong, July 17 : Bihar tied for 329 runs for the loss of six wickets in the opening match of the Ranji Trophy Plate Group final against Meghalaya on Tuesday at the Polo Ground.
The PAC today also visited the Nongrah Water Supply Scheme, which has been sanctioned since 2017-18 at a cost of T5.35 crore.
Shillong, Nailur, 21: The State Government has promised to submit its investigation reports to all 60 State Chief Executive Members on the allegation of corruption and irregularities in the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited ( MeECL).
In fact, when there is a door, there is also an opening, but when the Court will open again to mine coal, we cannot say ei ei.
“Along with the budget, I have introduced a Vote on Account for the three-month expenditure of 2020-21,” he said. He said that the state also has a target to enter the Top Ten States in terms of economic growth and GDP by
Thus, the new match between the two players has led to a dispute with the Chair Umpire of the two players.
“We have seen that the Government of India has been trying to forcefully implement the laws that affect the rights of the indigenous people of the region with the passing of the days.
He said that the Deputy Commissioner on 4th July this year has launched an investigation under the leadership of the Additional District Magistrate, N. Hajong to investigate the illegal import of kwai. 'Supari' is good for Bangladesh through different parts of the border area.
Prestone was responding to a question on the shooting death of Romeo Lyngdoh from Lapalang village, Pynursla area recently by HNLC members. of former HNLC GS, Cheristerfield for the country and the state,” said Prestone.
"“This is a misleading to the people, if they don't come to power how can they do this, in fact if they announce the scheme it is not right, that if they come to power they will give, the scheme that has been allocated for the people it should always be," he said.
However, with only two months left to the end of 2013, the party has announced that it will hold an indefinite strike and the date of the strike will be announced soon.
However, it is surprising to see that the areas of the above-mentioned Khyndailad are no longer within Meghalaya or the Khasi Hills.
The very first desire is to make money.
The HSPDP, which was formerly in KHUDA, has withdrawn after a difference of opinion on the ILP. At present, the EC under the leadership of Bah Pynshngain consists of the UDP, Congress and independent MDCs.
He said the BJYM calls upon the NGOs, religious organizations and Dorbar Shnongs to work together to fight and condemn such crimes, and also the government should impose the right punishment. tyngeh to the robbers.
New Delhi: Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal today alleged that there is a plot to kill him because of the good deeds of the AAP in Delhi. Other political parties across the country have not done anything.
Scientists of the North East Space Application Centre, Umiam have found that the destruction of forests in Jaintia Hills is due to the presence of coal factories and mining.
The former NZ captain has also received a second praise for standing at the Basin Reserve when he played well in the innings which brought him the win. 26th Test hundred of his career.
He said that the party will hold a meeting tomorrow in Nongstoin to take protest measures if this demand of the party is not met.
“There are those who try to mislead me that there is no development, so they have asked me what I have done in these five years.
With this victory, Nangbah Malang will play again on the 1st of April in the semifinal of qualifier 2 against 7 Was Utd at 2 pm to qualify for the final.
The union said that the police who were present there drove away the people who were trying to carry food items from Jowai besides having the car pass of the Rangbah Shnong.
He also recalled that the project, entitled “Empowering Indigenous Community, for Resilient, Integrated and Innovative Natural Resource Management,” was funded by the World Bank under the auspices of the Meghalaya Basin Management Agency. .
The Pakistan team is also celebrating the 100 runs of Babar Azam's 88-run victory in the first T20 match against New Delhi. Zealand in the current match in Lahore.
JAC leaders, including Samla Baiashanlang Kharshanlor President and Samla Aristone Manbha Ryndongsngi Secretary, said that the rally will be held on the 30th of this month. They will hold a public meeting in Nongpoh.
The surprising thing is that the government knows that there are such people, but most of the time it turns a blind eye and pretends that nothing happened.
Speaking to media, Bah Sadon said that as a nation, the time has come for us to elect our leaders wisely and not to be involved in the entertainment of the candidates.
Do you mean to byrngem me like that?
Although the agitation is not over, the pressure has cooled," he added.
The group led by President Egenstar Kurkalang and General Secretary B.Lyngdoh Nongbri together with the members have already met and conveyed this issue to the Director of MECL (Distribution) on 24th June 2019 at the office. in Shillong.
There are also those who warn their relatives that those who work outside the village will not be allowed to come home; There are also those who prohibit the entry of food trucks into their own villages, until people have to carry them by body, tens of kilometers on foot and many illegal rules issued by the villages.
The film Jingim, which started shooting on 27th November 2018 in Mawkalum, has been completed by 70 percent and Chwa Syiemlieh Film Production aims to release it in November. (September)
In this regard, the Minister in charge of Electricity in the state, said that people will be sent to investigate the situation.
“This change of color of the Lukha River has undermined the hard work of STEDS to protect the water of the river and to promote tourism in the Narpuh area,” said Lurstep.
He shall receive the blessing from the LORD, and righteousness from the God of his salvation" (Psalm 24:3-5).
Let us remember that school children, teachers, government employees, contractors, businessmen, NGO workers, religious leaders and even the leaders of the country and the nation have their own goals but all these They have to work hard to achieve and achieve all these things even if they face many difficulties or obstacles otherwise their goal will fail.
Again, in October, 2022, thousands of Asha workers took to the streets to protest against the State Government over the failure to release the stalled salary since 2020.
These include EKH: 6, EGH: 2 and WGH:
They also knew, only by the way he dressed, the kind of body that moved him.
The quarter final match of the tournament will be played on the 6th of this month between HK Singh Memorial Secondary School, Jowai and Chawngfianga Middle School, Saidan, Kolasib, Mizoram at 4 pm. evening.
The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) has strongly condemned the act of a policeman dressed in blue uniform, who threw a stun grenade at one of the shops of a Khasi woman.
Therefore, once again, the union urges the government to disclose the names of those who have been infected with covid.
The price increase starts at £10,500 and increases steadily, reaching £300,0
The UDP President's reply came after questions were raised whether the party's victory in Sohiong Constituency will bring about a change in the government.
Woh Chaimon Pyrbot, one of the oldest residents of Jowai, passed away at the age of 105 years this morning at his home in Loompyrdi Iongpiah, Jowai.
Jowai, Naitung 7: The District Administration in collaboration with the Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) and the Bankers Club in Jowai will conduct a two month training and career guidance for the people of West Jaintia Hills. for job seekers in various banks including Bank PO and Clerical posts.
We are still waiting for this and once we get it we will hand it over to the ED or CBI or any other investigation agency.
In the mid-term elections, the Congress candidate Batyngshain Laitmon Ryngnga was defeated by 17,000 votes.
Ferdynald Kharkamni, said that when they found that there was no shortage of workers in the area, but on the other hand, he urged the drivers of commercial vehicles not to take by assisting those who wish to pass through the Screening Point at Umling.
Ladrymbai B SC will play against Chiehruphi SYWSC in the final for the title.
After the state government has decided to reopen places of worship in the state from the 16th of this month along with the directive that various churches should follow the SOP that the government has issued.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah also urged the public, especially the parents and youth, not to be misled by social media which spreads false news.
In addition, the Private Member Business period is only 2 days.
The Congress has four MDCs: Donevan Kharwanlang from Sohra, Kimfa Marbaniang from Rambrai, Lamphrang Blah from Mawphlang and Process T Sawkmie from Mawlai.
The full objective of the PRASAD scheme is 'Pilgrimage Rejuvenation and Spiritual Augmentation Drive'
Speaking at the meeting, Dr. Mukul Sangma expressed his regret over the decision of Bah DD Lapang to retire and said that he is the senior leader of the Congress party who has led the way. In the past decades, he has been an MLA, a government minister, a symbud prime minister until he is now the prime minister.
However, some of these factories are owned by people living in Garo Hills, the source said.
He also urged all parents to take good care of their children especially those under the age of 20 years, as they are still superstitious and want to be friends with others, but if they make a mistake choose is where they are involved in all kinds of evil deeds.
It may be recalled that these two villages were declared as Containment Zones on 11th June,
The Government has already approved the State Health Policy last year. He said that the 70-page Mental Health Care Policy aims to address the challenges in the provision of health care to patients so that not to overburden patients during treatment.
We have to accept such things that can reduce pollution or carbon footprint in India.
It is only this time that there has been a protest by the Khasi people until there has been the burning of the effigies of the Chief Minister, Deputy Chief Minister, Finance Minister and Union Home Minister.
The 9th Badminton Championship 2023 was inaugurated by Bah Pius Marweiñ, MLA Ranikor Constituency in the presence of 101 participants including children. , youth, elderly and also women from all over the villages in South West Khasi Hills District.
She said that for these reasons, it is not clear, especially after 8 years of the incident, that a new investigation will be conducted.
The plan is to strike from a distance with missiles and warplanes of the United States and Britain, in order to strike directly at the areas where these lyer bih are located and at the same time, to they are the supporters of the Syrian government.
The Cleanliness of the Myntdu River has expressed its sorrow over the pollution of the Myntdu River and said that something needs to be done to protect the Myntdu River.
Puriang opened the scoring through Terrence Jyrwa in the 55th minute and it wasn't until the 74th minute that Mawmang scored the second goal through Angius Mukhim.
The government and the ANVC remain in the hands of the central government to this day.
“There were some provisions in the Budgetary Provisions and when they spent the money and while the Supplementary Demand was not approved in the Legislative Assembly, the Minister said, “There are some provisions in the Budgetary Provisions. The state cannot use the money even if it has the money.
Thus, at the end of the 400 years, 34 years began from the birth of Jesus Christ and this period lasted until the day Jesus entered Jerusalem as King of the Jews.
Former captain Kane Williamson will remain as the team's leading batsman along with Tom Latham, Henry Nicholls, Devon Conway, Daryl Mitchell and Will Young; Tom Blundell will continue to announce his wicket-taking services against Sri Lanka.
The Additional Chief Engineer of MeECL, Bah C Syiem, explained to the public about the implementation of the project by showing a projector. Stage-II 210 MV power plant will be affected including Bataw village, EJHD, Amtra, Trangblang Satptor and factory from WJHD, adjacent areas and These villages will receive development schemes worth T15 crore, the environmental conditions around the project, noise reduction measures, water pollution control measures, methods The work to improve the villages and many things that the department has promised to do, the goal to protect those contractors from the dangers and many things were explained clearly by the head of the department ding.
The MDCs, five from the UDP, four from the NPP, three from the HSPDP, three from the PDF and one from the Independent, demanded that the Governor should order the Governor to convene a special session. Bah Pynshngain has lost his job.
“Pleng now I understand that you are both wrong...” said Niakha. Niakha asked again, “Niakha, I once decided to complain to this father to the village, because if he understands why he would do this to his son, when I am at home.
One of the most important issues is Bah Dino.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, BJP Meghalaya President Shibun Lyngdoh said the party has not received any information from the PMO on this and therefore, the party cannot confirm anything.
It is on this basis that as the customs and traditions of the Khasi people have passed away, they have gradually disappeared.
At the same time, he said that if the UDP or the MLA doesn't count people anymore after bringing the placard, he doesn't feel anything because he has already won for Bah Synshar since he promised to support Bah HDR Lyngdoh. .
He said that in the Cherry Blossom Festival in the past two years, the attendance was only 48-52 percent, but this time more than 70 percent of the participants were from the state.
As a sign of appreciation for their contribution to the Kur, they were honored with a Momento and money.
Kurdish officials say the Indian government has worked with the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) to stop the Turkish invasion.
“Besides not being able to produce, if they just talk about the hard work in MDA I and now in MDA II we have been able to produce money from our own state. “Government, but you just take money, and now you are talking about that money and you haven't produced anything, appoint the Chairman who won the election,” he said.
Alleging that the BJP is the most corrupt party, the TMC candidate said that the BJP is the most corrupt and racist party.
He was accompanied by Governor V Shanmuganathan, Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma, Union Minister of State for DONER Dr Jitendra Singh, Minister of Sports. Zenith Sangma, Chief Secretary KS Kropha and other government officials.
Speaking to reporters, Diben Lyngdoh and Shine Marweiñ said that they have sought permission from the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District to hold a rally on the 30th of this month. The Government has not announced the results of the Police Examination.
The existence of Eastern Civilization will also inspire others.
Gina Coladangelo is currently living with Oliver Tress, 54, one of the millionaires, but on the day the news broke, Gina reportedly fled the house and is not known. I don't know where she is, but I'm sure she's going to live in a place where she can hide herself from many people.
Regarding the maintenance of the road, Bah SB Marbah, leader of the RBYF, said that the reason why the RBYF together with the drivers and elders of the village has organized the They decided to repair the road after they saw that the road is badly damaged and it is also the most important road for the 25 villages in the area.
Earlier, the MDC of the area, Bah D Kharwanlang, said that the children should be encouraged to go to school and encouraged the children to develop their educational skills. reach the thong.
New Delhi, November 11: Seven coaches have passed the A-License Course held in June and July this year.
The suspect has been doing this since April 2016 when the girl was on her way to the farm to harvest jhur.
Guidelines for Election Broadcasts" were issued by the NBSA on October 3, 2014:i.
“It is a sign that the people want change,” said Bah Khlur Lyngdoh President of the BJP. Initially, there were rumors that it would not nominate and support a candidate from other parties except the Congress, but later it announced Bah Shibun Lyngdoh as its candidate. It had only about six months to meet with the people and seek support, and within these six months it managed to win nearly 100,000 votes.
While other companies like Lafarge-Umiam Private Ltd, which mines coal from Nongtrai and exports it to Bangladesh, cannot know exactly the annual turnover of BCPL.
He said the protest of the Congress MLAs against Dr Mukul Sangma has nothing to do with him as an MLA himself, as it is the responsibility of the Congress party.
The current tax on petrol is 13.5 percent or T.11 per litre; However, the price of diesel has been increased by 13.5 percent or T.12.50 per litre, while diesel price has been increased by 5 percent or T.5.50 per litre.
Those who suffered from the injuries are still undergoing treatment at the Civil Hospital Nongpoh and Bethany Hospital Nongpoh. They are in critical condition and are undergoing treatment at Nongpoh Civil Hospital.
According to Deep, the BDO has lodged a complaint with the DC because the two JEs have not complied and fulfilled their duties.
Prime Minister Duh said the moment of Chandrayaan 3's arrival on the moon will remain in the minds of the country.
At the same time, we as teachers, we are sorry to say here that the Education Department in fact should be at the forefront of all the Departments in all aspects, but in our State this Department is If you have any examination, whether you are a Contract or Permanent employee, you should not have any problems.
Regarding the government's decision, the HYC Mawthadraishan Circle has urged the government, especially the ethnic parties with the government to express their concerns to the government as the issue of unemployment is at the forefront. duh, especially the HSPDP and UDP as they have expressed in their agenda before the elections.
“The talks between the two state governments through the Regional Committees of Meghalaya-Assam are ongoing and the KHADC is also in progress with them on this issue. The decision will be taken by the state government in talks with the Assam government and the decision taken by the two state governments will be according to the wishes of the people”.
The President, Rgh Pranshon Jala, took the oath of a righteous covenant before the Lord, so that the covenant between man and man will remain strong. God.
The fire was extinguished at 3 pm and the main building of the church escaped damage, except for parts of the roof, which is under repair, while two the other pillars, too, were not damaged at all.
It appears that it is still under the control of the government and the daily expenses are paid by the government.
“Our government recognizes the important roles that infrastructure and roads can play in connecting communities, boosting incomes and creating opportunities for a better quality of life.
In terms of the seal, all the candidates have received their own seal, while the major parties recognized as National Parties have received their own seal as usual, such as the Congress. Paul Lyngdoh of the UDP received a Bom while Ame Ringtone Kharshiing of the AAP received a Synsar Motor.
However, it is not clear how much this has affected Ukraine as a whole but Kyiv authorities have reported that about 10% of households in the city have lost power and it shall be dark from that second day.
The new government in Meghalaya is led by the NPP with 19 MLAs in collaboration with the UDP, HSPDP, PDF and BJP. Shillong: The Village Authority of Sutnga Village through the Rangbah Shnong of Sutnga, Bah Bankupar Sutnga and the President of the VDP, Bah Neini Bareh, have lodged a complaint with the Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, Bah FR Kharkongor. They have arrested five employees for allegedly misusing their powers by distributing money to the people before the elections.
The committee, comprising Justice AK Sikri and Congress leader Mallikarjun Kharge, decided to remove Verma after reading the Central Vigilance report. Committee.
Shillong, June 22 : The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the state government is aware of the illegal production and marketing of rnga in the state and therefore has taken action to close this.
Therefore, the farmers just want to drive or relocate these elephants from these areas so that the movement in the farmland will be safe.
Explaining a little about the theme of the film, Bah Kitrina Nongrum, said that in the film “ka pap” is revealed in this film and whoever commits this sin will be the people. The film will be released on the 7th of this month.
“We cannot contest elections if these promises have not been fulfilled.
These Ready to Cook recipes can be found across markets and grocery stores as well as online by visiting Mother's Recipe's Go to www.mothersrecipe.comThis new TVC shows the busy schedule of couples in today's society and they don't have time to cook so they often eat food from restaurants.
“The people want change, but in their journey as people who want change they have disappeared and this is how it is now.
Meghalaya's players include Akash Kumar Choudhury, Anish Charak, Arien B Sangma, Aryan Borah, Chengkam Sangma, Dippu Sangma, Jas Kirat Singh Sachdeva, Kishan Lyngdoh (Captain) , Pringsang Sang Ma, Ram Gurung, Riboklang Hynniewta, Raj Biswa, Sanvert Kurkalang, Swarjeet Das, Yogesh Tiwari.
Shillong, Lber 22: “Even if you want to join the VPP, we will not accept it because we will clean up the state,” said Ardent Basaïawmoit, President of the VPP. .
Speeches were also delivered by MLA Eugeneson Lyngdoh, MDC Lamphrang Blah, Sherbor Mawlong Sohiong, KK Mawa, Chief Engineer, PWD (Roads), Bah S Kyndiah. , Bah W Rilang Lyngdoh, Executive Engineer, PWD (Roads), Shillong South Division, leaders of Mawphlang Hima and others.
“After meeting all the requirements, the government will agree to purchase these land,” said a statement from the Urban Development Department.
They were tied together with a silver chain on Valentine's Day and the silver chain tied them together for 123 days.
On this planet, water, sunlight, wind, rain, plants and animals are all around like the garden of Eden.
He said that JNU is the educational institution of all the people in the country, and not a place to hold anti-India protests, and the party wants a united and strong India. to all national groups.
The Prime Minister's decision to appoint an independent commission of inquiry is a clear message that the MDA government has nothing to hide.
The former IPS officer criticized the government for issuing an unnecessary Tourism Policy, as at present the people from Assam are the beneficiaries of the tourism industry in Meghalaya.
Nazarius Lamare has been transferred from the post of Superintendent of Police (Anti Infiltration) and appointed as Superintendent of Police, Ribhoi District Nongpoh.
“In my speech when I visited Mairang on 31st October 2021, I said that Mairang is the most backward area in the world. Some of the development works and the objective of allocating Mairang District is to develop Mairang and other areas within West Khasi Hills so this is a fundamental need.
He said that the PDF is a party to protect the jaidbynriew and it was formed at a time when the power of the Rangbah Shnong was in turmoil and without any reason one cannot leave the party and it is not good to do so. The deceiver is greedy for profit but must stand on the foundation.
There will also be a cultural exhibition where DoNER Minister Jitendra Singh will deliver a speech and hand over a letter to the relatives of Syiem Tirot Sing Syiem.
"So, let's wait and see the report," he said.
According to the report, the government has implemented this WiFi to provide internet on the M-Tablets of the students while they are in the classroom.
The District Sports Officer (DSO) of West Jaintia Hills District has announced the final match of the Chief Minister Level Open Under-12 Football Tournament The meeting was held on the 9th of June at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai.
Shillong, July 27 : The Cabinet meeting today 27th July 2022 has approved the amendment to the Meghalaya Minor Minerals Concession Rules
It seems that these mountains, valleys and rivers are our beloved thwei.
Speeches were delivered by President D Lyngdoh, Advisors DL Rymbai and teachers.
At the same time, the BDO of Jirang Block, who gave a special thank you to the staff of Jirang C&RD Block, for their efforts to help the people in the area. at this time, after they have taken action in the fight against COVID-1
Sivasagar has reported the first case of coronavirus in the district, where a young child has been confirmed positive.
Therefore, the government has done what it should have done and now it is up to the parents to give their consent.
Another youth, Lianti Lyngdoh, has hanged himself from a kseh tree at Phramer in the hill area known as Pasyih Tangliang.
Speaking to media after the meeting with Mondal, Bah Arju Dkhar said that many issues were discussed. and the Minister from the availability of electricity in the State, the price of electricity, the purchase of electricity, and the pricing of the State Electricity Regulatory Commission (SERC).
The body of Maieid Hoping was buried at the Presbyterian Cemetery in Mawkyllei and before the burial was laid to rest by the State Government. They went to Mawkyllei to pay their last respects to Maieid Hoping.
In the 2nd leg of the semi final, Ri Bhoi United Football Club beat Assam Regiment 3-1 by a goal away. 3 including the goal they scored in the 1st leg semi final.
How many inches of rain fall on the ground we cannot measure.
They understand the hardships, suffering and persecution.
Furthermore, on this occasion, there was also the distribution of Syrnot to the winners of the writing competition about Kiang Nangbah. the dance of the school children.
Maoist militants shot dead the Jharkhand police chief after they opened fire and threw bombs at Bahilar while he was returning from Dumka, said NN. Pandey State Home Secretary.
The 3rd Shri Harold Lyngdoh Memorial Cleanliness Award was also presented to Iewpyngkat Village, which is the locality that has been able to maintain the cleanliness of the morning in the year 2018-19 as judged by the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong.
“After the elections, we expect to conduct an inspection of Khanduli-Psiar area as well as Block I in one area but we will take a decision on other areas,” he said. more.
After a while, in the midst of the pride, the heat, the lack of food, the two Garo men and women were able to defeat the Rang kynih-lywit-lyngwit. inside Rikhaw Mendipathar.
Shillong, Nailur: The Congress candidate for Mawlai, Bah Marbud Dkhar, has strongly condemned the remarks of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) leader Dr Mohan Bhagwat in his speech to Soso Tham. auditorium, State Central Library, Shillong.
Crescency W Lyngdoh Dy SP Crime, OC Raliang OP, Waheh Shnong, VDP and Manbei Mukhap were also present.
The films to be shown are Jurassic World (Bijou Cinema and Galeria), ABCD 2 (Payal Cinema) and Brothers (Gold Cinema).
Sir Akbar Hyderi, Governor of Assam, visited the Headquarters and Office of the Federation of Khasi State at Riatsamthiah on 16th August
I would also like to clarify and ask some questions to Bah Kong or Kong Bah EN Khongwar which appeared in Rupang on 21st November
This was announced by the All India Football Federation (AIFF) recently.
Banpynkupbor Paliar scored the first goal in the second half, while Nineset didn't have a chance to score until the end of the minute.
On the other hand, the leaders of the Jaintia Livestock Butcher Welfare Association, President Limba Dkhar, Vice President Livis Pyrtuh and Secretary D. Ryngkhlem, expressed their gratitude to the government for bringing the such a state-of-the-art meat cutting project.
When UDP MLA Mawkyrwat Bah Renikton L Tongkhar wanted to know about the subsidies provided to the livestock sector, the Minister said that the program was launched last year. The Government has distributed pigs and cows to various farmers.
On the other hand, Brother Carmo of the Bethany Society said, “We don't see any objection to anyone but this decision of the government will affect the disabled people who use this road to escape. on the highway.
Governor Phagu Chauhan of Meghalaya, although he cannot read well in English, as explained by Chief Minister Conrad Sangma, but reads his writing in Hindi, on the day of the Mang Dorbar. Tyngka, on the 20th of October, a group of four Prah MLAs, to protest and leave, as a sign of their opposition to the Governor, who reads in the language. Hindi, which the MLAs don't understand, except who knows.
The party President KP Pangniang said that they have handed over to the Senior Vice President of the party, Martle N Mukhim, who is also the MDC of the party from Mawkynrew, to talk to Samlin. clear answer.
As soon as she got home, Rida went to sleep in the bedroom and cried bitterly with sorrow for what she had learned about herself.
The teacher used to come to Mawlynnong to teach during the day and leave after school and did not stay overnight in Mawlynnong, the report said.
Being a ‘self-supporting woman’ is not easy.
So far, Lajong have been in a difficult position as they have lost almost all their games except once.
“We have summoned all government officials from the Revenue Department, Transport, PWD and including the DC Nongpoh to appear before them on 24th June,” said Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
Before the start of the training programme, the opening ceremony was delivered by Bah Commander Shangpliang, Leader of the Khasi Film Producers Association in the State and also the newly elected Leader of the Farmers Association. a young man from Shiliangum who has a desire to develop the community.
It is learned that for the post of police marker in UP, only Class 5 is required and now the department has postponed the selection of these officers, because there are too many intelligent candidates who want to to do this work.
Speaking to reporters, Babu Birbor said that the reason for his indefinite strike is because the government has not listened to their demand that he should not take it once. jam to protest until he gets what the contract teachers demand or until he dies.
Shillong: Police have arrested 27 persons in connection with the shooting death of a man in Pasang, Mawkynrew on the 8th of this month.
Ronaldo will now spend two years with Man United and earn £480,000 or £25 million a year.
Pyniaid said the VPP supporters' disruption of the meeting was not only against the NPP but also against the UDP party which held the meeting in the morning.
Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar seems to have fallen victim to a false rumor circulating on social media regarding the killing of foreign workers in which they were allegedly At least two people have been killed in a bomb blast in Tamil Nadu.
“said Abhishek while speaking at the opening ceremony of the party office in Lower Lachumiere.
N.Wanniang, Range Officer Mawkyrwat Range Office, who conducted the meeting, gave the welcome speech, while W.Warbah, AS&WCO, gave the greeting speech.
According to the information received by the union, the Nepalis have planned to set up their own market in this area which is against the feelings of us the people and to violate the rights of us the villagers of the area. It can affect the peace and order, and it can also endanger our people if the market, inheritance, income is taken away by other nations.
Shops inside the village should close by 10 pm.
Here.
Lajong are currently in fourth position with 16 points from nine games.
The President's Medal for Distinguished Service was awarded to Merinpole Koksi Sangma, Joint Director of Civil Defence.
“We have installed radars in the rural areas of this area and it will be operational soon,” he said.
Under the leadership of Working President Bah Bandary Ryntathiang, members of the Eastern Zone, office bearers of Sohriewblei Village including Bah PD Wanbah, Rangbah Shnong, Bah Marius Lamare, former Rangbah Shnong of Umraling. other dignitaries inspected the road on Saturday.
“We congratulate the Minister of Health and Family Welfare for his recent announcement to upgrade all PHCs and CHCs.
There are 1002 teaching posts in Lower Primary, 41 posts in Upper Primary, 125 posts in Secondary and 51 posts in Higher Secondary. .
However, after the NPP-led MDA government came to power again, the people living in the border villages have expected and hoped that in this second phase of the government's reforms, to be arranged according to the will of the people.
The HNLC also said that there will be many more leaders of the party who will not be arrested.
The Minister suggested that the MTIFF should be held annually in all parts of the state and the government through its departments in charge of people with disabilities can do whatever is necessary to provide more training on how to train people with disabilities. in this service by understanding the power of love.
Meanwhile, Bah Melvin Mukhim has been involved in many activities.
After this, he is expected to address a large rally in Mysuru and hold a street march in Mangaluru, Kumar said.
Three more leaders of the KSU Umsning Pyllun Unit have resigned from their membership in the KSU. Shanbha Sohtun, Sport Secretary, Umsning Pyllun Unit, Sylvester Mawthoh, Vice President of Umsning Pyllun Unit and Samla Paul Syiemlieh, Asst. Secretary of Umsning Pyllun Unit.
The inspection was conducted after receiving information that there is a dormitory for the students which has been built for a few years, but now it has collapsed and destroyed which has caused danger if the students stay in the dormitory. this bag.
“The name of Bah Equator will be sent to the UDP district for approval,” said a statement from the UDP. The HSPDP has nominated Alexander Kharsyntiew for the post of Lambok Nongrang, while the BJP has nominated Counselor Wahlang.
On the part of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council, Abhijit Kro said that this is the first time he has come to take part in the festival and said that there are Khasi living in Karbi Anglong. .
Earlier, Bah S.Kharjahrin, Minister of Sakwang Village gave a welcome speech while Bah A.Kharjahrin, Secy.
Speaking to media, Pala said that when the Incharge of Meghalaya Congress came to Shillong, he had spoken to him on this issue. “I don't know what decision they will take regarding the MPCC leader, but everyone has They have already informed the Incharge of their own decision and the final decision will be made by the Incharge.
He said that the road at Tongseng Bridge is also a threat to the bridge because if the water is too high, the bridge can collapse at any time and will cause serious problems to the people who pass by. Through this road, not only that, if a vehicle overturns or breaks down on this bridge, it will cause a heavy traffic jam in the Narpuh area.
The Commission has acknowledged that these tragic incidents have happened due to the negligence and negligence of the electricity department in the state and said that this is no longer a one-time incident but a It is said that this is the first time that people have died in Lum Garo.
HNYF President Marcus Marten and Border Welfare Committee President Aidalin Lynshing strongly condemned the operation of Awria by the foreigner at the Shillong Dhaba. The foreigner was arrested inside the dhaba, because people thought it was a place to go and drink, but it was run by these illegal activities, which affected the society.
Genesis 18:18.
“Many of them have shops in this area but they don't live and many have gone to live on the streets,” said one of the women.
Finally, an explanation was given by the officer of the Skills Development Society on the training that the department has provided to the youth in job search and employment in companies that the government has already signed contracts with various companies.
If it is private land, the owners of the land have to send the name of the employer, and if it is Kur land, the Kur has to send the name. The raid or village site has to send the names of those who should get the job.
Therefore, the authorities had to send police and security forces to curb the anger of the people and also to curb the violence of the people at this time.
“The development of the economy is also slow, the introduction of factories without proper supervision has been a threat to the environment and how much more if those uranium mining companies come and destroy the species. people.
The arrested is identified as a resident of Khyber district in Pakistan.
Shillong: The Congress candidate from Malki-Laitumkhrah, Bah Fantin Jospeh Lakadong, on Tuesday said that he is not like the candidate of his wife, Ampareen Lyngdoh but he is the candidate of the people.
All Officials/Non-Officials of Panaliar Village may participate in Public Meetings held by Candidates outside the Village.
Bah Aldous said that he spent four years to complete the book as it is a short story written by him.
About four Raijs, Raij Raij, Khonshnong, Niawkmai, Ionglang and Lapnei, were present at the ceremony.
The rally was organized by the Bansara Eye Care Centre (BECC), SPECS, World Diabetes Foundation and was attended by other NGOs such as the Meghalaya Women Alliance. (MWA), Lion Club Shillong, Schools of Nursing and Nurses of Dr.H.Gordon Robert Hospital, Nightingale School of Nursing, Seng Kynthei of Nongkseh, Jet Wings, Bharat Scouts and Guides, Therisa House Training, English Foreign Language University, Woodland Hospital, St.Anthony's College, St.Anthony's NSS Unit, St.Mary's College.
Members of the Union including Kayleigh Petra Nongkynrih, Bakordor Umsong, Teimiki Sungoh and Shisha Mary Sawian will be the judges, route setters and belayers, while Hunlin Lyngdoh will be the manager of the event. batch.
Without waiting for any confirmation from the police, the party has proceeded to spread the allegation through Twitter.
According to sources, the child is a girl.
This candidate should be well known in Khasi Jaintia, free from slander, qualified to enter the Lok Sabha and easy to talk to and meet thousands of people. .
Short speeches were delivered by Bah T.Lyngwa, Secretary C&RD, MDC JHADC Phasmon Dkhar, Incharge DC East Jaintia SS Syiemlieh. The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District has announced that there will be a special vaccination campaign on the 20th and 21st December 2021 at the following places:- Kum To remind that so far, in our district, there are 6815 cases of Covid-19, and out of these 168 have died.
The hotel has been handed over to various companies to manage and since 1987 the construction of this hotel has started but until now it has not been completed even though it has been 27 years since it was built. her.
Shillong: The JSU through Treiborlang R Suchen, President of Shillong Circle, who is also the village headman of Darrang Elaka, on Tuesday said that the JSU congratulates the new Doloi. Bah Pyrwa Lymba from Lymba village in West Jaintia Hills District.
Then look at the characteristics of those who have grown up.
The KSU has demanded that the college authorities should not allow any students who have registered to study at the college because they don't have anywhere else. come from a poor family.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of the Garo Hills Deficit School Association, Phillip Marak, said that the government has made teachers like robbers.
“The victory of the curfew is the support of the people against the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill 2016 and the Government of India should listen to the voice of the people,” said KSU General Secretary Donald V. Mountainous.
Jowai, Jymmang 10: In order to say no to tobacco or World No Tobacco Day-2023 to be held on 31st June, school children from all over the state today came out to participate in the World No Tobacco Day-2 Participate in the Tobacco Rally and Signature Campaign on the theme “My Meghalaya, Tobacco Free Meghalaya”.
Parents should monitor their children's movements and associate with them regularly.
They shall be judged tomorrow.
In a meeting with the DC of East Jaintia Hills, it was also agreed to allow 60 trucks per day under the flag of JHTOA, but only 15 trucks per day. They decided to continue to protest and ban the transportation of dewbilat trucks.
Junestar said that although the body was burnt, the body was still visible.
Guwahati: The All Assam Students' Union (AASU) will hold a massive protest on November 12, 2020 to mark the 10th anniversary of the Citizenship Amendment Act.
He also visited the NH62 on foot.
Shillong, June 04: The Shillong Press Club today expressed its condolences on the passing away of Bah Khraw Kharkongor, former journalist of PCN, Media Plus and reporter of Peitngor.
When I looked at my husband and children, my soul was filled with joy.
Skill Meghalaya was launched to create opportunities to train young people with various talents to stand on their own feet.
Sohan D Shira was not cleared by the police, he was cleared by his own followers for some reason that all the Garo people know and later he surrendered Lang and seven others in front of James Sangma.
“Kong, that's the way you said it wasn't...Others have told me.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: The Monitoring Committee Against Unstable Power Supply (MCA UPS) under the leadership of its President Bah Satly Ryng and General Secretary, Bah Satly Ryng. Tyrnit Pdein on the 5th of this month met with the heads of MeECl, Khliehriat Distribution Division to demand from the electricity department to provide electricity immediately in East Jaintia Hills District especially to about 50 units. villages which have not received proper electricity in the last three months for the benefit of the people and especially as the examination of school children is about to start.
It is also necessary to know the time of harvesting because if you leave too much, it will lose its color like the flowers.
He also congratulated the hard work and unity of the political parties in the North East for the implementation of the CAB. Since 2016, NESO has been opposed to the CAB, but the Indian government does not believe it. the Naga Students Federation (NSF), the Mizo Zirlai Pawl (MZP), the Twipra Students' Federation (TSF), the All Manipur Students' Union (AMSU), the Garo Students' Union (GSU) and the All Arunachal Pradesh Students' The Union (AAPSU) has rejected the demand.
According to a source, the incident occurred after an allegation that some foreigners had visited some schools. in Shallang area under the leadership of a foreigner who owns a pharmacy shop in Shallang market.
Those who violate this order shall be punished under Section 188 of the Indian Penal Code, 1860, the District Magistrate said.
They announced a scheme to form 1,200 SHGs every year without realizing that in the last 5 years our government has been able to form more than 7,500 SHGs every day, so They also don't know much about the development of the state.
One of the teams of the Meghalaya Cricket Association in collaboration with the Blood Bank, Civil Hospital, Jowai through four members who came forward to donate blood.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the Land Owners and Miners Association of Khasi Jaintia Hills District (KHASI) has held a meeting today. They have decided to write an affidavit to the Supreme Court to suspend the order of the High Court issued on 30th July which banned the mining of shyiap in the state.
On Friday, Aashish Kumar Lohar scored 57 runs for Meghalaya which scored 124 runs for the loss of all batsmen and Meghalaya beat Nagaland by 165 runs.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has set a target to complete all the sports ground projects worth T.500 crore in the next two years.
The Motor Vehicle Act, which was passed by Parliament in 2019, has come into force since 1st November,
The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) on Friday warned that heavy rains are expected in the eastern parts of the state on Tuesday and Saturday due to the Deep Depression. ' in the West Central Bay of Bengal.
However, there is no denying the fact that working for the human soul is far more important than being in the legislative office.
COMSO once again calls upon all political parties to unite against the CAB. We urge all political parties to unite against without throwing stones at anyone. We request the Chief Minister of the State to continue to leave those party flags now and stand as one nation against the CAB. We urge the MPs of the state to work hard to fight against this plot.
“How long will this lie continue?” said Hazare, 81 years old.
The Panchayat elections are scheduled to be held today, 8th November.
Since then, the Garo have also settled in these hills.
Shillong, March 16: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, in the presence of Chief Secretary Bah DP Wahlang, Director General of Police Dr. LR Bishnoi and Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Dr. RM Kurbah and other senior officials of the State Government on Tuesday visited the house of the Singhanias who burnt down on Saturday last month at Thana Road, Police Baar.
Jowai, July 13: Following a complaint by the Jaintia Students Union (JSU) regarding the non-implementation of the Amphitheatre, which has been constructed by the state government through the Arts & Culture Department, it has been opened to the public since the 3rd of this month. In April, 2017, the former MLA Prof. RC Laloo who was the Symbud Myntri Rangbah at that time.
Without love, there will be conflicts in the home from time to time and this will disturb the mind and inevitably destroy the relationship of the whole family.
The match ended at Kyntoit Umroh Stadium and Group B beat Group D 3-1
Bah Sadon, who took part in the meeting held by the farmers of Mawpdang area and civil society groups, said that the new town will be a concrete jungle. The street where companies and foreign investors will come to live but will not benefit much to the owners of this state.
The price is 80 tyngka for a one-page almanac and 20 tyngka for a one-page almanac.
They shed their blood just to get that wealth.
During the rescue, he said it was his duty to help the people of his constituency.
Shillong, November 06 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday said that he has directed the district authorities as well as the police department to monitor and monitor the increasing number of donations. various groups and organizations as well as individuals in Shillong.
The second benefit to the people is that they don't need a permit and they don't need to pay taxes but they only need to pay for insurance and insurance. registration fee for 5 years.
Shillong, Jymmang 20 : The President of the National People's Party (NPP) in Meghalaya, Dr WR Kharlukhi, on Tuesday said that no MLA of the National People's Party (NPP) will leave the party before the 2023 MLA elections. to contest strongly in the upcoming elections.
Speaking in front of tens of thousands of residents of the constituency at the election campaign rally at Thynroit on 24th June, 2023, Bah Banteidor said that in the election campaigns of other political parties There are 30 kinds of allegations against him but the people who have witnessed the work he has done for the constituency will answer these allegations.
In this book, the Riti Synshar Shnong of Nongkynbah Village, which has been approved by the Dorbar Shnong Nongkynnah, has also been written in detail. in the village of Nongkynbah.
On the other hand, Mohrmen urged the government authorities to take the necessary measures so that it does not happen like what happened in connection with the coal mining.
It was also observed that many teachers were shocked and frightened.
Jesus also called the apostles at a time when they were busy.
The closing date for submission of nominations will be on 4-8-2022 at 7 pm. In order for the Tournament to run smoothly, the Association urges all participants to follow the starting time and to Please provide notice within 6 pm, those who come after this will not be accepted.
I am sorry that I have not done anything wrong and I have not done anything wrong in my work”.
He said that after a thorough discussion, it will be decided whether it is necessary to build a railway line in the area.
The visit of the actor also shows his love for Meghalaya and the North East as a whole.
Shops will also be allowed to open only through shops in completed buildings and those who sell in the streets will sell in another place, which is along the road.
“The President of the PDF, Bah Gavin M.Mylliem and the Working President of the PDF, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, said, “.
If the leaders really want to improve the Seng, they should not be afraid of suggestions.
In Sohra, the electricity supply has been cut off from time to time, while in Laitryngew, the village before reaching Sohra and the surrounding villages have been in darkness for three days. residents told the reporter.
“Because the Congress has split, and Bah Process has fled to another party, he too has to leave, and he has turned to Bah Teiborlang Pathaw because of this. “He has a vision to serve and develop Mawlai, especially the youth,” he said.
The KHADC will hold the festival for two days at Mawphlang at a venue which has been prepared for a long time and the preparation for the festival has taken more than a year.
Shillong: Mawlatbah SC Hawks have won three matches in the Meghalaya Baby League (MBL) 2018 along with Langsning Greenenergy Lions and Nongthymmai GC Scorpions.
Out of these, 6915 have already received approval and about Rs 9.13 crore has been released so far.
U Rangbah, who passed away on the 10th of this month, has been buried at the morgue at Nongpoh CH. tall about 5 feet, prominent appearance, raikhoh, blue shniuh and with a tattoo of Lymbit on the right hand, those who wish to see or take the body, can contact number 8974220862.
It was from this discovery that I learned that the ancient rooms were made of silver from two sources, one thymmei by cleaning the shyiap mawsohriew and the other thymmei by digging and burning it alive. shyiap planning.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 1: The West Khasi Hills District unit of the Nehru Yuwa Kendra, Sangathan (Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports, Govt.
The other four are Bah BB Warjri, ex-MDC, who contested the MLA election in 2018 from the PDF. The others are Bah BG Lyngdoh, Bah MH Thabah and Bah DM Kharsyntiew.
Before the concert, a program of welcome was led by Dr Amanda A Pakyntein, wife of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkynrew.
Shillong: As part of the celebration of World Environment Day, Dr. Firmly Lyngdoh and Basan Raid Mawlieh in collaboration with the Range Officer of Soil Conservation have conducted an awareness program on “Air Pollution” by planting trees. on 5th July 2019 at Pomlum Wahrew Village, Pynursla.
This is an old era because now we have entered the new digital age,” said Babu Kular.
The ground was inaugurated by Pastor RR Cunville as the Chief Guest in the presence of MDC Sohryngkam, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem as the Chief Guest, Tbn T. Mark, Agnes Kharshiing, Francis Kharshiing and others.
It is learned that during the meeting, the leaders of the political parties have taken a firm decision to appoint local people so that the EC in the District Council will be strong and avoid the change of leaders from time to time. .
The lack of bridges to cross the road such as the dewbilat bridge in Dhankheti, poses a threat especially at night to the pedestrians who want to cross the road due to the traffic jam. The speed of the vehicles has caused a great deal of trouble to the people.
Shillong: The HPF has demanded that the Deputy Commissioner of Ribhoi, RM Kurbah, should set up Coronavirus Check Up Centers at Mawlasnai and Umsyiang.
Shillong: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh, EM Incharge in charge of the Trade Department, today expressed his surprise over the turnout of street vendors in Meghalaya and Greater Shillong. He said that it is unpleasant and unpleasant for the groups of land vendors, as this is the workplace of the District Council.
However, the MeT department said that today, there is no forecast of heavy rainfall or thunderstorms in parts of the state.
She started her career as a nurse in 2012 and has also worked at Mairang Civil Hospital and was transferred to Ganesh Das Hospital in
When asked about the issues he will do if he wins, Pastor Basaiawmoit said that he has already submitted the issues and he will advocate to complete and implement them.
If you earn what is not right, it is a sin that will destroy you in the days to come.
All vehicles coming from Mawlein, Pingwait, Dienglieng, Nongjrong and surrounding villages will park at the parking lots to be determined by the traffic police and volunteers before reaching the venue.
“The main objective of this scheme is to ensure that the youth do not rely only on government jobs but also seek other opportunities for employment and the development of self-employment will help in employment. “I am involved in private sector activities,” said Conrad.
Children's Day is celebrated all over India on 14th November.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Agnes Kharshiing said that the High Court will hear the case against the MLAs/MDCs tomorrow. MDC to former Governor Dr KK Paul on 8th July 2014 but the matter is still pending.
The threat to indigenous peoples and minorities if this Act is fully implemented cannot be overestimated.
Rupang: On you tube, do you advise others to make money from you tube, so do you make money by posting videos on you tube? How much do you earn a month, or what can others earn if they use their skills? SL: There are two types of videos on Youtube that make money by uploading them afterwards. Get approved for your channel.
Shillong, Naiwieng 2: The meeting of the Union of Village Authorities of Bri u Hynniewtrep (UVH) held at Mawpat this evening has decided that the program will be held on the 5th of November. will proceed as advertised.
The Government of Meghalaya today honored the athletes and coaches of the State who have performed well and won medals in the recently concluded 2nd North East Olympic Games. 2022.
Suzan said that the government has promised to pay 100% the arrear for the retired and deceased teachers. In 2017, they have received only 50% while the teachers who are still in service have promised to receive 50% but they have not yet received this either.
These villages including Umstain, Tongseng, Sonapyrdi, Lum Myrli, Chymplong, Kuliang, Pyrtakuna, Umkiang, Lymphyllut, Lum Soski, Dona Umbluh, Dona Umbluh, Dona School, Dona Bhoi under the Narpuh District Dalloiship have submitted their petitions to the Dalloiship. Deputy Commissioner on Monday against the inability of MeECL to provide electricity to the villages in the right manner.
They have been destroyed like rivers by various companies to bring in minerals from our country,” he added.
She said that the seized kyiad was stored earlier and after completing all the requirements, it was disposed of today.
There are many studies, which show that the PM KISAN scheme has helped farmers to perform better in their farming activities.
The state government has appointed Meghalaya Drugs Distributors in Tura to distribute these drugs in the state.
Rupankar Marak, DFO, said that the Wildlife Police team has taken over the Dkar and released it in the right places.
The FRO also directed the owners and residents of private houses, residential buildings, hostels, schools, colleges, universities, churches, temples and hospitals to register their names immediately if anyone arrives. foreign nationals living or studying in these areas.
Furthermore, the Serbian foreigner has been sent off the field with a red card for his actions against the Serbian player. Chris Kavanagh scored a penalty after Chris scored a penalty for Fulham's Willian.
You say what you don't know, you have to apologize to the media and explain your allegations so that the nation will not misunderstand,” said Bah Seibor. sun.
The awarding ceremony will be held on 25/11/2021 at Lumshnong Community Hall at 12 noon.
The Joint Action Committee of Social Organizations will also submit the petition to the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board and the National Green Tribunal.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Lyngdoh said that to elect the Leader of the Opposition, more than 10 MLAs are required. There is no talk with the VPP when they sit in the opposition to arrange together to elect the Lamphang, but according to media reports, they don't want to be with any group in the opposition.
In the final of the Under-16 Boys Double, Lechan Suchiang and Nihipaia Suchiang defeated Hunbait S Manners and Dapmon Papang 21-12, 14-21 and 13-2 .
Speaking to reporters, Bah PB Sylliang said, “When we went to the DC office to register our land, the price has reached sky to earth. Lak, you can register for T.2,50,000 or T.3 Lak...you can't register for T.3 Lak"
In fact, on the nameplate of this road, it is written, 'It was inaugurated today by the Prime Minister of the country. Martin M Danggo, Shillong MP Vincent H Pala and Rajya Sabha MP Wansuk Syiem.
“Because of this, women have fallen into prostitution and other crimes.” The meeting also urged the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) to spread the message to prevent this crime.
The government has proposed to 342 households to relocate to the existing land of the Shillong Municipal Board.
We want to escape the corruption we see in these days.
He said that 50 trained volunteers of the NSS Unit have entered 100 households in Lumpyrtuh, Mihmyntdu to conduct the survey from the age of 15 to 29 years.
Today, after no action from the district authorities, the HYC has gone to investigate.
WKH chose to bat first after winning the toss but all the batsmen were bowled out in 23.1 overs.
In other developed countries, it is the rulers and government officials who act first for themselves, and then encourage and advise the people to follow their example.
Speaking during the inauguration of the implementation works on the objective of bringing in development works and distribution of benefits under the implementation of many schemes in Nalatwada, Bommai said that under Under the Jal Jeevan Mission Scheme, water pipes have been provided to 12 crore households in the country while 40 lakh households in Karnataka have been supplied with water pipes in the past three years. be provided with water.
The party has raised 15 issues in its long petition submitted to the Governor.
This organization is strong, but the new foundation, as far as can be understood, is broad and universal to the people in humanity.
The film alleges that the women who joined the armed group were forcibly converted to Islam and later sent to Afghanistan, Yemen and Syria to fight for to Islam.
On the other hand, the Minister of Home Affairs said that a Police Outpost cannot be set up in Psiar or Mowlaber.
During these two days, the Chairman of KVIC also participated in various programs including delivering a speech at a training program held under the Prime Minister's Employment Generation Program (PMEGP) and Gramodyog Vikas Yojana.
The chief guest on the occasion, the Deputy Commissioner of Dimpapur District, Anoop Khinchi, in his speech, encouraged the athletes to fight hard and use their talents properly to reach the big tournaments.
The 81st Anniversary Celebration will begin with the launch of three Sukhoi-30 MK I fighter jets followed by a sky diving competition. world famous performer Akash Ganga and Garud to jump from a helicopter.
“This health center is very important in the community for the sake of health,” said Ampareen, adding that the speedy operation of the UPHC is due to the hard work of the MLA of Jowai. She urged him to ensure that the full time MO of the Center is appointed.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that after the Taxation Minister, James PK Sangma, announced that he will introduce a bill. The Cabinet today passed an ordinance to repeal the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act
But let us know this truth, that whether we are good or bad God has His own purpose to fulfill or do upon all men.
You can now enter your Entry and Exit Points.
Lion Sports and Youth Affairs won the toss and failed to tied first.
S.S Marwein.
The Government has introduced new amendments to the Service Rules relating to the appointment and transfer of employees to make them transparent.
Meghalaya won the toss and elected to bat first and managed to score 303/8 in 50 overs while Manipur scored 220 runs for the loss of all wickets in 48.4 overs. .
Before I conclude, this is one that is close to my soul.
New Delhi: The Government of India has increased the excise duty on petrol to T.13 per liter and diesel to T.10 per litre. India will be the country with the highest revenue from petrol and diesel in the world.
Everyone will be held accountable but we cannot talk about all these things, because according to the law, all the cases have been dismissed, while it depends on the types of cases,” he said. and Sangma.
In the media I am pleased and pleased that I have been able to read thoroughly the article by Bah Francis Syiemlieh on the topic – Is HIV/AIDS a dangerous disease? I understand that this author has written this article not only with his research and understanding, but especially with the spiritual power that works within him and also with the spirit of compassion for them. fellow human beings who have been infected with this disease and also for others who have not (or have not yet) been infected with this disease.
This brings the total number of cases to 8,000 in June, said Rajendra Bhosale, chief executive officer of Ahmednagar district.
“Shri @AmitShahji, please watch this incident.
In talks with the UDP leaders, it was understood that the party will strongly argue at the MDA meeting that it should be allowed to contest from the party's shap in the MP elections. you are like an independent fighter.
Speech was also delivered by Robin Dkhar, Chief Guest and Cornilius Dkhar, Archbishop of the Catholic Church.
The HYC also urges the MLA of Sohiong Constituency, Bah Synshar Thabah to take immediate action against this issue so that it will not cause any problems to the tourists.
He said that the cleanliness drive is usually held on the 2nd of March, which is the birthday of Mahatma Gandhi.
Speaking to media, the teacher, who went on strike today, said that they are sorry for this action of the government, because she is like a mother who takes care of her children.
He said that the demand to set up a block in Namnong area has been going on for decades, but today it has been opened.
The State Government has its own power to express its disagreement with the laws passed by the Government of India (as in Karnataka they do not).
The Central Government should intervene immediately and send peacekeepers to end these conflicts which have led to the fact that the residents have to shed their own blood. to protect their homes and land because the border settlement talks are only in the air while the Assam Government does not respect the agreements and talks between the two parties.
The minds of people should be balanced so that when they speak or act they do not promote themselves or others.
Therefore, it is important to have a strong family from the beginning and the future will be secure and bright.
Therefore, there is a need for a thorough discussion on each issue to show how this word explains itself because it is the only cure for all the diseases in the nation and to cure all the diseases. which thou hast carried away through the ages.
What is worse is that the government will soon close down all its factories, as it has closed down others.
There are 498 recoveries so far including 8 recoveries. The number of samples sent for testing is 41,734 and the number of negative is 39,7 and 834 results are pending.
“The Governor has consulted with various lawyers and on this, he has used his own wisdom.
Taking part in a motion by the Congress MLA from Nongstoiñ, Bah Gabriel Wahlang on the foreignness of the indigenous people because they don't have even a small piece of land, Bah Ardent said that the problem faced by the citizens of the state is due to the corruption in the state.
We also see that soon the government will dismiss the teachers who have been given contractual posts and appoint those who have passed the M.Tet interviews because they have become too stupid for the government.
E.Bareh, Finance Secretary, Rymbai District, Jaintia Hills Bah.
The construction of these Hard Coke Factories has also been too expensive because 5 to 6 of them have been built in one village which cannot breathe especially for the children who are still weak. If they are not closed immediately, it will endanger the lives of people especially those living in this area.
Jonathan Mawa scored 21 runs while Naveen Kumar Yada (3/17) was named player of the match and Charm Marbaniang (3/21).
The residents and village leaders at the meeting held on that day took these decisions that if MePDCL does not make public the Memorandum of Understanding between it and FEDCO and while it does not come to clarify the procedures, They said that the company will continue to operate and that the public will take a decision on this and will not allow FEDCO to continue operating.
Violators will be punished according to the Excise Rules & Acts.
“This meeting is very important and I am pleased that the Speaker of the Lok Sabha has taken the responsibility to lead the meeting in Shillong and this shows that the Central Government has a responsibility for the development of the North East. (North East) as a whole,” he said.
The manufacturing date of this drug should be from the beginning of 2014 and has no expiry date.
At the same time, they said that Nepalis cannot be prevented from entering India, because there is a social treaty known as the “Indo Nepal Treaty”, which is renewed by the Government of India and the Government of Nepal. for sha for.
Regarding the allegation that the child (Elviris Jyrwa) found that the child was crying and crying along with the cleanliness, Dapbianglin said that after they had cleaned and cleaned the child, They didn't find any clothes in the toilet and at that time her sister came and found her who didn't see who shot the child but she blamed her husband for shooting the child.
The conference was organized by the Ministry of Sports and Youth Affairs of the Union Government to discuss many issues on how to promote sports in the country. various states and union territories will attend the meeting.
She also won the titles of Miss Personality and Miss Catwalk.
Shillong: The Khasi Jaintia Butchers Association (KJBA) on Tuesday went to the cow market at 9mer of Baridua to express their strong opposition. The smuggling of cattle from this market to Bangladesh.
If the drivers who hold the money are infected, the droplets can also be infected with the money.
The woman is from Rikhein, Mairang, West Khasi Hills District.
Meghalaya scored 151 runs with Yogesh Tiwari tied for 33, Anish Charak (29), Gurmehr Chona (25) and Roshan Warbah (24).
Therefore, in the competition, along with Hindi and English, 11 words have been included to make it easier for those who do not understand Hindi and English.
His appointment was made by Pope Francis and announced this evening in Rome, Italy.
These halls are: The Multi Use Convention Hall has been named after (L) Dr. Barrister Pakem, who was the first Vice Chancellor among the Khasi and also the former Vice Chancellor of the Convention Hall. The Convocation Hall of NEHU.
The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHTOA) has decided to demand that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government should immediately release the truck owners. challan for the transportation of 32 lakh metric tonnes of coal.
Remember that companies will not suffer for the sake of the public because they must achieve their targets in terms of profit.
Money is a source of suffering because if there is too little, it causes suffering and if there is too much, it causes anxiety.
In fact, the State Government should have taken advantage of this temporary suspension of the Government of India to introduce elected Village Councils and Municipal Councils in Meghalaya which are a threat to the country and the people. The custom is not established long before the manshuwa.
The protest also clashed with KSU members who stood with placards in front of the gate of NEHU. The Union Minister got out of his car to talk to the ANWU and KSU leaders at NEHU. He promised to convey their demands to the ears of the Central Government.
Earlier, Dr Helen Giri introduced Bah Rojet Buhphang, a Khasi musician who has received the National Award, Bismillah Khan Puraskar Award from the Sangeet Natal Academy. the 2007 harvest.
The goal of the game is to pass the ball and score inside the goal.
The government has neglected too much, those we call teachers.
Speaking to media, the Commissioner and Secretary, Arts and Culture, Government of Meghalaya, Bah FR Kharkongor said that the Tri Hills Ensemble Festival is a festival to showcase the richness of the indigenous peoples of India.
The ENCC's protest prompted the district authorities to enforce Section 144 CrPC, but the people violated the law and protested on the 26th and blocked the road of the JMB garbage trucks with stones. They had to leave for Jowai.
“The people of India have understood that only the Congress party can work together,” he said.
“We are in the process of preparing to open and lay the foundation stone for the opening of the new district within two weeks or less next month. If there is no change, there are only a few villages which have not been resolved which are from other areas which we have had to resolve a little bit. “It is to ensure that all these things go smoothly and I expect that they will inform the villages to come to this great day,” said Bah Metbah.
We conducted a search operation and tracked down the truck at Deopani before reaching Bagori,” said the police chief.
As in the past decades when the Khasi have not received new treatment through medicines, people have not been willing to go for treatment in hospitals.
Throughout the day, a demonstration of the skills of the children who have received training on football techniques was also held. They came to learn or be trained in football through this training camp.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that although the Government of India has not yet announced financial assistance for the implementation of the NEP, it supports the states in all ways to improve the NEP. institutions in many fields.
Speaking to reporters after leaving the DC's office, the President of the EJNC said that the Seng on the 11th of November will hold a flag raising ceremony in front of the DC Office. Starting from 10.30 am to 4.00 pm, as a sign of protest against the plan to hold a public hearing, of Star Cement Ltd.
Jowai, March 02: As part of the celebration of the International Day for the Elderly, the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Election), West Jaintia Hills on Saturday visited elderly people over 80 years of age to all Polling Stations within the District.
This is a medicine for the Khasi men who live within its borders; but who encourages the foreigners to cultivate, to grow and plant as many kinds of seeds as they wish in our fields.
The Chief Minister said that so far 250 cases have been registered and the investigation against them is ongoing to find out the truth about the perpetrators.
The foundation stone for the construction of the old site was laid in April 2019 by the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma.
A team of police has been set up to search for those involved in the incident and will be prosecuted.
Therefore, women today have their own strength and authority.
He said that these ksew shang makia, there are groups of these ksew shang makia, although he does not know exactly how many there are but the residents of the area say that there may be up to 15 or
The government is afraid of MLAs who are willing to speak out and who know what they are saying.
After the goal, Khiemusniang also fought hard to turn the tide and it came in the 36th minute and the goal was scored by Arwin Dkhar. in the 36th minute of the second half.
He said the GSI seeks information on the availability of minerals except uranium and other radioactive materials and does not participate in the mining of minerals.
“The government should think carefully for the future of the youth in the state by not disturbing them because at present they don't understand the implementation of the Roster System in the state,” said the leader. KSU.The new OM on the Reservation Policy on the implementation of the Roster issued by the Personnel & Administrative Reforms (B) Department on 14th July 2024 does not specify the implementation of the Roster. long from the beginning or from the beginning.
Nongpoh: A woman identified as Kong Lut Shadap, 53, and a child, have been killed in a tragic incident at Narang village in Ri Bhoi district this morning at 12:00 pm. 3 years old, they died after being electrocuted.
On the other hand, the President of KJBWA, Bah Generous Warlangpih, said, “We have taken this decision after we held a meeting to end our strike. smuggling to Bangladesh.
US President Joe Biden on Monday expressed hope that the war between Israel and Gaza could end soon next month if all goes well. beat-up as prepared.
Jowai, Naiwieng 07: The Additional Commissioner (Supply) of Amlarem Civil Sub-Division has announced that the rice under the PMGKAY Scheme for the month of November, 2022 has been released to all the households under the PMGKAY Scheme. NFSA (AAY & PHH) from today until November 15,
The cathedral is 850 years old and Macron has announced that funds will be raised from the public to rebuild the cathedral. money, who are all over the world, to come forward and contribute.
Keys:1.
Pope Pius IX was walking one day to the Vatican.
“As it is now, it is a problem, because the election to elect a new Chief Executive Member has come before.
In her spare time Banrilaburom is also good at writing the Bible, writing books and reading them.
In a letter signed by Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw Publicity Secretary, the HNLC said that according to its talks with Roshan Warjri, Roshan Warjri has promised to create opportunities for talks. She said, 'We are Khasi brothers and sisters, we will create opportunities for the people.
Jana took this step to fight for the rights of the people who voted in this election after he found out through RTI that the Sub-Divisional Officer Mairang Sub Division has not paid to the polling officers. of 102 polling stations in Mairang and Mawthadraishan.
Breakfast is the first meal for the whole day that needs to be eaten within an hour after you wake up.
Lyngiong, March 28: Thousands of people from near and far have flocked to Nongthymmai-Neng, Lyngiong today to mourn and bury the mothers and children who died due to the lympat in the road. The electrical fire broke out at 2 pm yesterday.
The death toll in India has risen, with a five-year-old child killed after a house collapsed in Nadbai, Bharatpur district of Rajasthan.
Earn it right.
He said that at that time, those who wanted to get the information from the MLAs that they needed in the Legislative Assembly, the DHS department had provided all the statistics and information on this.
It is hoped that the rights of children granted by the government should not be taken advantage of by the truck smugglers.
The opening ceremony was attended by Mawlai MLA Embhah Syiemlieh, Mawlai MDC PT Sawkmie, Mawlai Dorbar Town President SD Khongwir, Rangbah Shnong. The meeting was conducted by the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah M.Kharkrang.
In prayer and through prayer we strengthen and strengthen.
Their complaint will be heard tomorrow, said a statement from Boldamgre MDC Stevie Marak.
In an explanation to the residents before the test and distribution of the musari, the health officials explained that the government has provided these musari which have been treated with medicine. and these musari should be used properly by the public and should not be used for the purpose of hunting sher meat, as they are contaminated with drugs and can affect their health.
Because the victory of any group or country does not depend on the number of paid, but on the wisdom and understanding of the leaders.
Jamie Scott, one of the plaintiffs, said he gave the injection in 2021 and subsequently suffered a serious brain injury that left him unable to work until now and that the hospital authorities believe that this person will not live long.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mohendro Rapsang said that under the leadership of the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, Meghalaya will become one of the fastest growing states. He has decided to join the National People's Party (NPP) in the list of 10 states in India.
MeECL has found that there are 27 households who have meter electricity (20 postpaid and 7 prepaid) and these are re-sale to about 50 households illegally.
The KSU has organized this national celebration on the 4th of June which is the day when Syiem Tirot Singh stood up to fight against the Dohlieh in
Shillong, Naitung 18: Various political parties will hold a public meeting on the 20th of this month at Mawkyrwat Market at 12 noon.
Many land plots worth more than T.110 crore have been found.
Those who attended the event included members of the Executive Committee of Rangthylliang Village, members of the Livingroot Eco-Tourism Society, members of the Rangthylliang Eco-Tourism Cooperative Society, Elders and others. Citizen.
The delay in transportation to hospital for testing also puts the family members and the community at risk of contracting Covid-1
Prizes were awarded to the winners of the Slogan Writing Competition.
There are 269 schools in Meghalaya with less than 10 students according to the Ministry of Education.
We in India are pleased to have the opportunity to prepare the venue for the Prime Minister to deliver his speech, it is a memorable event in India,” said Fr.Sebastian Vadakkumpadan. Vicar General, Archdiocese of Faridabad on October 24,
Now we can all speak and express our feelings.
“I can't do anything in my life, I have to sleep in bed,” he said.
Besides Ubah Paul Lyngdoh, other party leaders will also explain the MP election to be held on the 9th of next month.
Out of these 151 groups, one group has left since Saturday morning to go to more remote villages like Khongoi, Moulsei and Thuruk.
Ma Teilang Dkhar, resident of Mookynphad, Mihmyntdu, passed away on 13/09/2
Titostarwell said that in the past, the freedom of parents has been violated and their inheritance has been given to the youngest children or daughters but through this Bill, the mothers have been given the right to vote. fathers have their own free will to exercise over all their daughters or sons.
She also informed the union leaders that the existing district library building was not built for the purpose of library, but is the former residence of the Deputy Commissioner. .
Through the meeting, Prestone, Chairman of the Committee, said that the Committee has directed the KHADC, Hima, Raid, Shnong and even the private sector to gather evidence. , through adequate documents for the purpose of verifying those places where border crossings are frequent, as only documents can be verified for the purpose of protecting the border of the state.
It is not expected that all the children will know the VPP or its leaders, but they will enjoy the song.
They are all from Chibilbang village near Rongjeng PS in East Garo Hills.
On the other hand, the HYC urges the people to join hands with the party by working together, and urged the people not to be happy to buy from these foreigners, who are very good at buying. However, this will affect the income of the people in the area as it affects the income of the people living in the area as a whole.
Shillong: Laban FC beat Mawlai 2-1 in the 1st Division League of the SSA on Thursday at Polo Ground.
It says – AND THEY SHALL DWELL IN THEIR OWN LAND Jeremiah 23:8
On the first day, a gathering was held by the JPK office bearers under the leadership of the President and General Secretary, dancers and relatives at the ground floor of the party headquarters in Mawkhar. before leaving for the Weiking, Jaïaw.
To strengthen this fight, the Ministry of Home Affairs has set up NCORD in 2019 and has also set up Anti Narcotics Task Forces (ANTFs) in police stations of all states.
The State Government cannot look at the Bills of the Autonomous District Councils but will wait until they have become Laws/Acts/Rules before it can point out the parts of the Act creating ADCs that are in conflict. and the Act enacted by the State Government, and the clause or any other clause shall be repealed by the Hon'ble High Court and not by the State Government.
Regarding the calls of the civil society groups to close the road at night, Rupang asked the market residents who earn their living by selling their goods in the market how they feel about the road blockade. The market residents did not say anything about the road blockade, but expressed their anger against the state government which they alleged is the government which is torturing and torturing them until it affects the market. your plate.
Shillong, Nailur 05 : Although there have been cases where it has reached the point of fighting with the government because teachers have to strike to get their salaries, but in such a case The Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, has congratulated and honored the teachers as they are the builders and creators of the bright future of the students. and of the state as a whole.
When the collector asked them for the Challan, they showed only the slips and showed the price of one cow.
“We will allocate more funds for this project after the government has more funds,” said Bah Rowel.
Shillong, July 28: Dr. Sabyasachi Dutta has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 28th of July this year, Dr. Sabyasachi Dutta has lodged a complaint with the police. He alleged that his wife, who is a Khasi, had forged the documents of her youngest son just to convert to Christianity. Shillong, July 28: The Meghalaya Pradesh Women's Congress (MWC) will march on 1st November 2017 to protest against the discrimination against Khasi women at Golf Cluh, Delhi.
The people expected that these goods would be washed away by the river and disappear completely.
On the other hand, the group is pleased to have the opportunity to conduct the same blood donation program once again and informed that the group will continue to do good deeds.
Police said that the cause of the death of the foreigner was because he did not wear a helmet while riding the bike. until taking a human life.
All liquor shops, IMFL retailers, liquor outlets, canteens should be closed on that day and the relevant authorities will be vigilant against any violators.
He said that the aim of Karnataka is to think of the people of the state for the benefit of the water reservoirs.
“The insurgent groups have insulted our area, we condemn their actions, they should feel their border activities, the Meghalaya government should take action to end these things. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said B Sangma, former Chairperson of the Meghalaya Public Service Commission.
After we have completed this, the new Leaders will sit down and elect a new Leader.
“Many countries make a distinction between providing protection only for themselves and providing protection for other people.
“When inquired, Bah Boney Jyrwa said, “He (the suspected drug dealer) offered us 50,000 rupees but we didn't believe him and we took him to Sadar Police Station.
According to the latest news, Rupang has learned that the Governor may give his approval tomorrow morning because if he delays the proposal to hold new elections will not succeed.
“It is up to the Prime Minister to decide whether to expel him from the government,” she said.
This is in line with the saying of many that “the Police are like Khnai on the Border and Khla in their own country”.
He said that in collaboration with Mawphor and Highland Post, he will work better and expand this work.
It was seen that from above the Umngot River bridge, people were walking on foot from the traffic jam.
Well, planning to live in the city is not an easy task.
Shillong: Ka KHNAM has strongly criticized the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) for its failure to curb the illegal entry of foreigners to trade in the market without a trading licence.
He said that in fact, according to the rules, those who receive the quota are only those who are full citizens of the state while those who receive the quota are only those who have the Provisional Permanent Resident (PPR) which is valid for only 3, 6 months. and 12 months and do not have an Indigenous Inhabitant for Permanent Resident (IIPR) and after the expiry of these months, they are citizens of the state while the doctoral studies take 3-4 or 5 years.
[The letter of announcement is dated as follows: –Office of the Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, Shillong, Shillong. The Hima Raid Mynsaw, formerly known as the Hima Nongmynsaw, has been recognized and reconfirmed as one of the Elaka under the jurisdiction of the Hima Nongmynsaw. .
Speaking after the State Executive Committee (SEC) meeting, BJP Meghalaya President Ernest Mawrie said that 35 candidates have already been elected in the first round. divide it into three parts.
Mawlai Police Station has investigated and found that the university has an office in Shillong at Mawiong but it has closed down and has not started classes from Shillong.
In the presence of all the Congress leaders and supporters including the Longkmie of Ri Bhoi, they welcomed Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh as the President of the Republic of the Union of Myanmar. Nongstoiñ, July 4: Hambas Wahlang, 35, of Umsaw Tyllang, Umsaw Tyllang, has lost his life after being hit by a truck. niah, it fell and overturned in a long night at Domshohksoiñ.
How painful it is for them to look back on these memories even though they have tried to forget the pain," said Kong Syiem.
Hooid doesn't have anything else to do.
Explaining about his meeting with three Block Level Officers on the same day, Myntri Rangbah Duh said that his satisfaction increases when he sees the hope of those working in the Block Level Officers. task.
The family prepared food including food and tea.
She said that Meghalaya has already said in the past that we will not believe and will not accept the Survey of India, because at that time when Assam was divided, and Meghalaya the employees of the SOI were Assamese and we could not at that time have officers who were Khasi experts who could say that these are ours and these are yours.
Agriculture in India as a whole contributed 51.9 per cent to the country's income in
On the other hand, the Congress Legislative Party (CLP) Leader, who is the Congress MLA from Mylliem constituency, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, said that the party is ready to bring it to the House in the upcoming session. There are some issues that need to be raised with the Government and to urge the Government to take measures for the youth in terms of employment and entrepreneurship.
Enbin's decision to leave the HSPDP came after the HSPDP gave ticket to Renikton Lyngdoh from Mawkyrwat constituency.
These constituencies are 1-Nartiang, 2-Jowai, 3-Raliang and 4-Mowkaïaw constituency.
It is to be recalled that the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, Ma Garod LSN Dykes has announced that Fair Price Shops or ration shops under NFSA and NON-NFSA will be open daily from 31st October from 9 am to 12 noon.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: For many years, the PWD department has not been able to improve the 3.5 km road at Umtrew village in Ri-Bhoi.
The reason is that God does not allow human rule to be perfect.
Look at Shillong alone, how much more of our land has been occupied by non-indigenous people! Look at the example of the border areas, how much our nation has lost its land! The reason for the loss of land, hills and rivers is the emergence of such planduman who want to eat and earn money who are the destroyers of the Jaitbynriew instead of preserving the the sanctuaries of the mountains and the hills, they have destroyed.
Police of Nalbari and Hojai have arrested three covid-19 positive persons who escaped from their residence at Sarusajai Centre, Guwahati, Assam.
Lucifer tried to lead and mislead his angelic followers, and in ignorance of his scientific methods, they obeyed him.
To address this, the Government has introduced several measures to increase access to credit and to provide finance to farmers and entrepreneurs in agriculture and livestock related activities. I don't have milk.
“On the release of these vehicles by the department, the Minister said, “We are now struggling to release more such vehicles (about 500) in the next 5 years.
When examined carefully, it can be accepted that the children who inherit from the royal family will be similar to the appearance of the present inheritance as the world is.
Until now, the government has not called for a meeting with the KSU leaders on this issue.
He recalled that in these years of the NPP-led MDA government, the first problem was the killing of a Khasi youth in Ichamati by foreigners, the protest against the Metor area, the Agatha Sangma's approval of the Citizenship Amendment Act and others.
Walinda passed away on 27th June at her hostel at the School of Design at Mody University where she was studying fashion design.
The Diocese of Khandwa has held a Youth Convention from the 2nd to the 5th of this month.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: Earlier, the National People's Party (NPP) has sent the nomination of Conrad K Sangma as the new MDC of GHADC. GHADC, but the state government has delayed the approval of the name of Conrad until the death anniversary of Purno A Sangma and the mid-term elections have come and the party has sent Conrad to vote. son in this election and won gloriously.
During the investigation by the Mossad, it was also reported that the terrorist group had been detained by the Cypriot security forces.
He started making commercial musical instruments in 2001 and was the first from his village to make these instruments.
This was announced by the Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma after a meeting with the Minister of Education Dharmendra Pradhan in New Delhi.
He made this announcement at the opening ceremony of the Sem Saitjain which he personally donated at Dong Mawlai Nongkwar Block
The opening ceremony of the Maitshaphrang MMA and Fitness Team was attended by the President of KSU, Samla Lambokstar Marngar in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong of Lumïawblot Pyllon, Bah Don Khongshei. MDC Bah Latiplang Kharkongor and others were also present.
Others who were present on the occasion included General Secretary Finely L Pariat, MSOA Executive Council Member Dipshon Ryntathiang and Aiborlang Shabong. On this occasion, it was witnessed that the sports have improved, in which the karate players have been able to showcase their skills in the form and also in the kumite (sparring), which They have worked hard day and night during the kilanmet, which has been praised by those who have been invited, as well as by their families and others.
The Commission also requests that notices be sent by WhatsApp or email.
From Shillong to the border areas of Ri Khasi Jaintia we will find the facts of the fierce invasion and we will also see how the non-Khasi people who are only the raiot of the Hima according to the customs and traditions have received their rights. The shares of the Hima and the Syiems in the form of pata or land grants.
The special session could be held tomorrow after the CEM of KHADC requested the Governor to convene a special session after the ARPA refused to hold the session.
Novak Djokovic has become the first tennis player in the world to win 23 Grand Slam titles in his career.
“However, this scheme has not yet been recognized and a sign needs to be placed in front of the hospital so that the public knows about the schemes,” he said.
“The change of leaders from one party to another is no longer surprising as more than 31 candidates who won from one political party have now changed parties,” he added.
A total of 93,792 people have been infected with the disease in the past few years, but 92,1
These foreigners were arrested from Pynursla while they were on their way from Lyngkhat.
Even though the angel was from heaven, he did not know what was going to happen on earth, so he asked Jesus the above question.
The death toll from the coronavirus in Bangladesh has risen to 50 with two more deaths in the past 24 hours.
Shillong, July 24: The two-day session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) was held today.
“At the same time, this issue should be discussed thoroughly in the Legislative Assembly, in the Cabinet and all the 60 MLAs. After the Sohiong election, the issue will be discussed at a meeting with all political parties, the Cabinet and also with various civil society groups who have expressed many views. and mentioned on this issue in the past few days,” said Bah Paul.
The winner will receive a cash prize of 4 lakh tyngka, while the runner up will receive 100 lakh tyngka and the tournament will end on the 19th of April. in the year
“These parties have gone to the people and said that they want to achieve these issues which the people are looking for Lynti, the party will follow up on this issue,” he said.
With the desire for this song, this longk mie has deposited this money sent by the foreigner.
It is from the association with such that often there are riots or quarrels or quarrels.
Linus Lyngdoh Lyngdoh of Raid Nongpoh, Boby L Nongbet DSO of Ri-Bhoi District and other dignitaries were also present. the long-term of the Raid.
Shillong, July 22: “Due to the reluctance of Dr. Chandra Bhushan Sharma, Chairman of the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) Noida to resolve the issues related to the D.El results.
“We congratulate the Central Government for being ready to address these issues of Meghalaya,” said Bah Kharkrang. that they should support Prime Minister Modi that his Government, which has a relationship with the people, should continue.
I have received news from all over the citizens of our beloved country, some of them are obedient and some of them are not.
Referring to the election, Bah Metbah said that after his visit to the constituency, the surprising thing is that many of those who did not support him in the past, have now come. to express their willingness to support him and the reason why they came to support him is for the sake of development.
He said that in 2018, the party won six MLAs but it was with the victory in the mid-term elections that the party has increased to eight MLAs including Shella constituency which was replaced by his son. Dr. Donkupar Roy, Balajied Synrem.
He said that in recent years, some patients have died in the middle of the road when the family members were about to take them to the hospital and this is due to the lack of road, where the patients have to be left by people and it is difficult to reach the hospitals in time, because we have to walk 7 to 8 kilometers to reach the place where there is no car.
The Pastor said that many of those who want to withdraw their names are from the villages who have been deceived and forced and many of them are school children who have been deceived not to receive scholarships and other benefits. .
Pasyih Cultural SC beat Mulang Ialong 6-3 in the 18th Above Football League Knockout Tournament of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Thursday.
He said that the Superintendent of Police (SP) East Khasi Hills has released these trucks after the seizure of these trucks.
Nonglatem and Madankynsaw Mowkyndeng beat Chyrmang Wah and Loomsoiung Newhill to win the 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA). Stadium.
The MPSC cannot set the rules, the rules are set by the government departments which send applications for vacancies and the MPSC follows those rules that have been directed to be met.
We request you to take action on this and that the relevant authorities should take measures to appoint Garo teachers to teach Garo language across government schools,” they said.
Speaking to media, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that the Cabinet has accepted the proposal of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. Prestone said that as it is to train doctors in one state, it will take up to 3 years, but this will be less than the doctors. The Diploma Course for Doctors will be for 2 years and will be for only Doctors from this country. the state.
There will also be bands which have participated in various events such as the Hornbill Festival and other festivals in the District and abroad and some have released their albums. of which they have created themselves.
Lapalang SC opened the scoring in the 69th minute through Vishal Das.
Barisha Laloo is currently working in the Supply Department at the DC Office, Jowai.
Jowai, Jymmang 14: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) today inaugurated one of its branch offices known as the 'Labang-Nongphyllut Circle' General Secretary of the party is Samla Treibor R Suchen.
We don't see any reason for her to resign from the post of party president,” said Charles Pyngrope.
This will also be Pep Guardiola's 200th Premier League win as City manager in just 269 games and he will be the fastest to reach 200 wins in the Premier League. history of this tour.
New Delhi: The BJP government led by Narendra Modi has won the Lok Sabha elections today with 325 seats in favor and 325 seats against. , there are 126 of them.
The winner will receive up to Rs 60,000 and a trophy while the runner-up will receive Rs 30,0
Baiahunlang Thong (100m butterfly)3
At this time of increasing number of cases, he urged the people to be vigilant to protect themselves from the outbreak.
On the other hand, the Khasi healers said that the damage and destruction of the forests has led to the loss of species and the loss of medicinal plants which can really help those in need.
Our struggle will be against the BJP which is in power now and not against the Congress which has lost its color in many places and even the BJP has promised without being able to do anything as a result. black money and others.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 79667 out of which 76391 have recovered and 1380 have died.
She urged the parents and guardians of these children to take good care of them and love them more than their other children as they need care and attention. their special love.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, KSU President Marconi Thongni said the KSU strongly suspects that the color change and death of the fish is caused by the uranium mines.
In the U-16 men's category, there are six teams including Lyon Madanlangning SC, Nongrangngei SC, Sawlad Combined, Mawrang SC, Mawbynna SC and Mawpyrshong SC. Speaking as the chief guest, Kong Amanda Pakynteiñ urged the children and youth to use their talents properly and to avoid the mistakes. bad especially from intoxicants.
“This map shows that all the areas not claimed by Assam are within Meghalaya.
“If you cannot pass a new law, the state government should tell the UPA government to include Garo Hills in the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation Act 1873,” he said.
In another second half, Samson Swer 4' and Dawanlang Laloo 36 goals gave Newhill a 2-0 victory over Chyrmang Wah.
Shillong: Members of Sur Ki Nong Mawlai today met and handed over a letter to all 35 MLAs of the Hynniewtrep community to seek their full support on the demand for resignation. Cherister Field Thangkhiew on the 13th of this month.
He also alleged that there are jobs that are awarded open tender only to complete the procedure where the contractors submit the tender and only the money is spent to submit the tender, but those who get the jobs are only those. who has no relationship with the MLA or Minister.
This is what Jesus said to His disciples and Apostles back then, but He is saying it to us now through His Word.
The body of Wandarihun Mawlong of Umlyngka was found in Umiam on 29th November 2013. It is suspected that she was killed after she disappeared from her house on 24th November. .
In connection with the incident, the Ri Bhoi Police through the Byrnihat Police Outpost, rushed to the scene to take the body and took it to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for post mortem. The post mortem.
According to the MoU, both the State Governments shall no longer produce more than 12 areas without differences or boundary disputes.
It was also witnessed that the Assam Police today strengthened the security forces in Jorabat to check the traffic and also to search the vehicles entering and leaving Meghalaya and Assam.
Police said four ASAK members had gone into hiding at Bolmoram Agalgre village last night.
“The Reservation Policy is one of the issues that we have put before the people along with many other issues,” he added.
Shillong: Himalaya Shangpliang, Mawsynram MLA and Syntas Klas Sun, Mawphlang MLA, on Tuesday demanded that the state government through the Ministry of Agriculture should recognize the synsar, tyrpad leaves and sohmrit as major agricultural products in the state.
Leaders of the HYC including President Bah Peter Lawai today met with the EM of the Constituency Bah Lamphrang Blah on this issue.
The Gospel was announced by Rev.Fr.Cresence Laloo and the advice, encouragement and sharing of the Word of God was given by Rev.Fr.Martin Shylla.
Shillong: “Why when our nation is safe and secure in the eyes of the nation, but there are still many children left behind, this is a big question mark to ask and this may be that the birth of “It was without thinking and another thing is that when the announcement was made to ask for assistance for the donation to the poor, it was the poor who donated to each other,” said APSTA Teachers Union leader Babu. FC Shullai while speaking as the chief guest at the 8th Shlem Relief Distribution Program for the Poorest of the Poor was held at Mawkhar Christian HR Secondary School on Saturday.
“There are 328 more people who have arrived in New Delhi,” Union Home Minister S Jaishankar said in a tweet.
However, due to climate change, many villages have been left without water due to the drying up of streams and some of them have been flooded only during the rainy season.
In addition to supporting the ceasefire, India has also urged Israel and Hamas to allow the delivery of international aid to the people of Gaza. .
(3) Reading and writing in Khasi Literature It is interesting that since Saheb Thomas Jones I who invented the alphabet in the Khasi language by following more of the characters Roman, by which our ancestors the Khasi who spoke the native Khasi language (Ktien Sohra) who taught this Saheb, came out school books and religious books to read and write, and the custom of The spelling of the Khasi language has been improved for 177 years (1841 to 2018).
In the second match, Bamil LP Mangsang School won the title by beating Dabit Ampangdam SSA School by 3 goals.
The Minister said she would look into the matter to ensure that the Amul dairy company comes to the state.
“The Central Government should take action on this issue to provide medical assistance to the people of this state who have been severely affected by the NGT coal mining ban in these months,” he said. a letter written to the Prime Minister of the country on Monday.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, some of the residents who attended the event said that they came to support Bah Ardent because he is the only one who brought this event. While other MLAs have remained silent without saying anything in relation to this issue.
On the other hand, the residents urged the authorities to take action to curb the movement of heavy vehicles during the day, as it has disrupted the traffic of the residents. As it is now, the road is still under construction and is not yet suitable for heavy and heavy vehicles.
“Earlier, when the media asked about the accident in Laimer, I replied that I don't have time to talk to my husband when I was driving to Delhi. ", said Mukul.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Kachin National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) on Friday demanded that the State Government should abolish the Personal Interview in connection with the recruitment in Group-B. , Group-C and Group-D in various departments of the State Government.
After this, BAMJH also had the opportunity to guide the students on how to use the footpaths and how to use the Zebra Crossing during rush hour from one side to the other side of the road.
Besides the knife, police also seized the vehicle and a mobile phone.
After the 1-0 draw, GTC started to enjoy the spectators and in the 80th minute GTC scored another goal through Thering Bhutia. GTC came close to winning and although Rangdajied were beaten by 1 goal, they didn't give up but they fought hard to score but until the end of the game they couldn't score and had to face the ball. victory.
The Printing and Stationery office is located under the DC Office Jowai and has been operating since
Those who have power do and change as they please.
Shillong: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) on Tuesday slammed the MDA government for refusing to take responsibility for the problems of the people of Meghalaya. Frontline Workers infected with Covid-1
Not to forget the village of Darrang which has also started to attract tourists because of the beauty of the Umngot River.
The Principal of the school, Richard Uriah, expressed his satisfaction with the results of the students.
Israeli missiles first struck the Syrian city of Quneitra and then Damascus.
Speaking as the chief guest, W Lyngdoh said that it is good news to know that among many district associations, Meghalaya is the only district association. Speaking specifically on Mahatma Gandhi, she called upon the members to strive to follow these good teachings of Mahatma Gandhi by doing good deeds. who shall be the seeds of the heritage of society, the country and the nation through the path of righteousness, courage, selflessness and peace.
If you don't have shynrai im, you can use shynrai that has been prepared by yourself. Dkhar shynrai is not, children should drink twice a day.
All this happened after Ms Marbarisha was encouraged by her son's interest in shooting pistols and as time went by, Ms Marbarisha used to take her son to train in pistol shooting. pistol shooting training.
The Sonapyrdi Tourism & Economic Development Society (STEDS) has completed the trekking/camping trip to Lum Bah Bo Bah Kong.
The Dorbar Shnong has requested the other winners of Consolation Prizes No.1 (05444), No.3 (01767), No.7 (08233) and No.8 (01931) to come forward to claim their prizes within the deadline. put.
Dr Phervision Nongtdu, said that the JSU should take care of education because education is low and declining in Jaintia Hills. The government should follow up on the demand for CUET examination center in the state especially in Jaintia Hills as now students have to go abroad to write examinations.
The Asian Cricket Council (ACC) has announced that it has completed the preparations for the 2023 Asia Cup, which will start from 30th to 17th July.
“The Covid lockdown has caused many financial problems and to overcome these problems the people understand that they need to go outside the state in search of jobs.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday inaugurated the Academic Block and Hostels for Boys and Girls of Captain Williamson Sangma Government College. .
Going to schools and colleges does not teach us to forget our roots.
The Prime Minister was responding to a question on the death of BJP Kisan Morcha Secretary Indrani Tahbildar.
If Kynsai and Rangsan were employed, they would have risen two or three times.
Together with the elders, men, women and youths, they left this place in a hurry to take the cow to the altar to sacrifice the cow and to thank the gods of the kings to drive away the disease so that they can harvest good seeds. to grow and to prosper.
Pune FC owner Hrithik Roshan has signed him for the ISL at a lower price than his ability to showcase his skills in the I-League. other players in India, where his price has reached Rs 1.05 crore per season.
The number of cases of coronavirus in the United States has risen to 50,000 on Tuesday, the highest number in the country in a single day.
“The people of the North East are fighting against it because they are facing the threat to their livelihood through this bill,” said Yashwant Sinha.
Do not underestimate the possibility of relapse of the COVID-19 pandemic.
They demanded that the government should strengthen the security forces in all the border areas.
They said that in this age of technology, parents should understand that they should not discourage their children but should encourage them to go forward to study and continue until they He said that the border area will become a beacon of light in terms of education.
The MDCs said that they will not bring a no-confidence motion tomorrow and said that the CEM should understand what he should do and that he should resign. They said that they would not be able to bring a case of distrust.
Nongpoh, Nailur 21: Poverty, hardships and suffering cannot stop a woman from completing her education even at an older age and has her own children. Syiemlieh, a resident of Lum Umpih, Umsning, has just completed her Bachelor of Arts Degree at the age of 53 from Balawan College, Umsning.
There will be 16 different types of games in the competition.
Most Rev. Rev. Wilbert Marweiñ, DD, Bishop of Nongstoin Diocese, while speaking on the occasion, expressed his satisfaction to see that the Mawkyrwat Parish has improved in many areas especially in the spiritual life. to God.
JHADC CEM Thombor Shiwat has called for a meeting with the JHADCSA leaders and after explaining the reasons why the EC has not been able to pay the salary because it is still owed T.97, 46, 45, klur according to the figures computed by the AG in the State Government.
Shillong, June 23: The Khasi National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) has proposed to the Central Government to form a Khasi Army in the Indian Army to promote patriotic unity. , said the KHN AM leaders in a meeting with BJP President Amit Shah today.
Meanwhile, Bah Titos Chyne, CEM of KHADC and President of UDP East Khasi Hills District, said that this year the election in Sohiong has been quiet because in other constituencies, meetings have been held in the morning and there have been no people. , while in Sohïong the field is covered with snow.
“This is the beginning because you will have many challenges in the future and I hope you will overcome them,” he said.
He said that besides the date set for the early completion of the scheme, the issues related to the ability to complete the work without any discrimination should also be looked into.
When the Jews heard that the Gentiles could also enter the kingdom of God, they became very angry with God.
The saddest news is that the current and former MLAs and MDCs have not paid any attention to this area.
The inauguration ceremony was attended by Bah Mayralborn Syiem MLA Nongpoh, Bah Balajied Ranee MDC Nongpoh, Bah Mayralborn Syiem MLA Nongpoh, Bah Balajied Ranee MDC Nongpoh. Bah Plielad Tiewsoh Chairman of RBTEDF and many other officials, including Raid, Village Leaders and others.
He also urged everyone from children to the elderly to follow the directions of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to curb the spread of this disease which has spread around the world.
“I'll go back tomorrow, sir.
If the Assam government comes to set up a border crossing to Mawhati, Iapngar, Nongpoh, Umrit, Umkadhor, Umsohphria and elsewhere, what do you think our people will do? They will sit on their thrones and judge the people by explaining their own destiny.
While the Congress has accused the BJP of being religious, the BJP has not responded by alleging that the Congress has brought religion into the elections by forcing the churches to participate in the elections.
Then there is the salary of MDCs, CEMs, EMs and Chairman and others such as Casual and Muster Roll.
The consecration ceremony was held at St. Peter's Apostle Cathedral Parish in the presence of the Apostolic Nuncio to India and Nepal, Most Rev. Leopoldo Girelli, Bishops of the North Eastern Religious States, Priests, the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Catholic Church.
Such is the corruption that has affected our country.
Sources said that Bah Drola, the Congress candidate in 2013, is no longer within the party and has gone his own way. to the organization which he loved in the past.
The Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills District, has issued a search warrant for Laidina Rongrin, and if anyone has seen or received any information about her, please contact The Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills District, has already informed all the Police Stations of Meghalaya and neighboring states for the search for Kong. Let's Color.
We have many projects including those in the C&RD Department, the Police Department and also in the Education Department.
I'm going to skim.
And so far they have not found those involved in this terrible crime.
Shillong: The FKJGP Sawsymper Circle, under the leadership of Samla Goldenstone Lyngdoh and in the presence of all the members, President and Secretary of the FKJGP Sawsymper Circle, on Tuesday distributed foodgrains and other food items. u phan and also to encourage some of the families in the village, that during this lockdown due to covid-19 or Corona Virus, many of them, have lost their daily wages.
Khliehriat, March 14: The Dorbar Shnong Mookhep, East Jaintia Hills District, has warned against those who come to throw garbage within the boundary of the village. The villagers found that some of the garbage had been spread along the village roads and it was identified that it had been spread by people from outside the village.
The delegation was led by Abdul Matlub Ahmad, President of the FBCCI and Chairman of the Nitol-Niloy Group.
The state police, in collaboration with the central police force, have done a commendable job to curb crime,” he said.
Through the arrest of Sujit, it was also learned that there is a huge smuggling of coal from Meghalaya to Assam.
“We will call a meeting with the village headmen to discuss this issue before proceeding,” said Bah Chyne.
After leaving the DC's office, KSU Laban Circle President Rueben Najiar said that the talks with the DC were successful as the DC promised to write to the authorities. The Municipal has also directed the Municipal to send a notice and follow the rules.
Thangkhiew said that until now since the army set up fire, there has been no talk from the village authority, which is still waiting for the army to call for talks as promised. “We have decided to stop the construction of the well so that they can call for talks,” said Bah Thangkhiew.
Under this programme, 66 dairy co-operative societies, 58 beneficiaries and 1,066 farmers have already received Rs 25.4 crore as financial assistance.
It is true that there have been problems in the implementation of the SSA scheme in Meghalaya under other Governments or Rulers in the past years, but the problems have increased over the years.
Shillong: The People's Welfare and Development Society (PWDS) has conducted an awareness program on the topic “Prevention of Early Child Marriage” on 5th November 2021 at St Joseph Secondary School Mynsngat, West Jaintia Hills District, Meghalaya.
This is my suggestion to divide 80% into two parts, 30% will be open category between Khasi, Jaintia and Garo, and 50% will be divided into 25% for Khasi, Jaintia and % of Garo families who come from poor households have no access to education.
He said that there has been no loss or damage to Dangar village due to the floods but there has been loss of land due to the floods.
However, those who arrived there were from home and abroad.
The coal was smuggled from Meghalaya without any GST and not only that, but also the rules set by the National Green Tribune (NGT).
Shillong: Students from Chennai have arrived in Shillong this morning.
The National Secretary and Mayor of Ranchi, Asha Lakra, today visited Shillong to mark the 8th Anniversary of the NDA government.
Thousands of Russian troops have fled the Ukrainian city of Kherson after the Ukrainian army threatened them with "Flee or die"
French President Emmanuel Macron has been stabbed in the neck by a man while he was meeting people in western France. different videos.
“When asked about the cooperation with the NPP, the VPP leader said, “How can we not expect to cooperate with the NPP when there are many allegations of corruption, no investigation, and whom we support will see what they are. The groups that need our support and those groups that need the support of the VPP must agree on the principles and issues and whoever accepts the issues of the VPP, we will take a decision.
The eight suspects were identified as Charitra Kanda (40), Mithun Kanda (18), Akash Kanda (18). Kajal Kanda (65), Sanjit Kanda (20), Bimal Kanda (19), Ajit Kand (25) and Chandan Tanti (35).
He said that according to RTI, in 2013, there were 57 doctoral posts at the hospital in Meghalaya.
Heimonlang Lyngdoh took three wickets in 6.4 overs while Sumarlang Lamare and Sylvester Mylliempdah took two wickets each in five and seven overs respectively.
Satan is the rebel against God.
Rajkhowa is currently in the custody of Assam police in Guwahati and the investigation is ongoing.
Their souls and minds were so heavy that they became very dark and depressed because all their hopes and aspirations were gone.
On the 13th, there will be a program to meet and discuss with the party leaders and workers at the Soso Tham Auditorium, State Central Library.
The HNLC urges the HNLC to lift the curfew on the 14th so that the farmers can bring in their produce, said a statement from KIKPA Secretary Ram Madhav, who The National Secretary of the BJP, today met with AL Hek and Sanbor Shullai, where Madhav expressed his condolences on the passing away of Hek's mother. .
Shillong, July 26: U MLA/MDC of Mawhati Constituency, Bah Charles Marngar on Saturday said that there are 22 villages in Block-2 which have been inhabited by 1000 people. Khasi, you have sent your letter to the State Government and you don't want to be part of Meghalaya.
There are many states in the North East, where when they call 108, it goes to the number of Meghalaya.
Shortly after the incident, a group of people gathered to express their strong opposition to the incident and strongly condemned the authorities for failing to identify or track down the robbers involved in the incident. affair.
By Bah Philip MarweiñEvery year we celebrate Christmas which is the birthday of our Saviour, Jesus Christ.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Home (Prisons), Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, on Tuesday, said that the government will soon allocate land for the construction of the central jail.
During the visit of the District Governor, a ceremony was also held to honor two residents of Jowai under the leadership of the Director of Vocational Service Rtn.
The hearing of the case will be held on 28th March
If they are brave, why are others not brave? We must make sure that in this age, there are medicines and treatments that can help those who have this disease.
“When we point out the shortcomings, they ask why they don't leave the government and it is sad to see that they don't understand, but on my part I said that I can still do it. Conrad K Sangma and Prestone Tynsong in the midst of their shortcomings, rather than the presidential rule in the state.
Those who worship this have also set up a website called Achik Underground Cult through Facebook where they have encouraged young people to join this group.
“The deterioration of this road has caused problems to the people who come and go until some vehicles have overturned in the middle of the road because they can no longer see the fields that have been covered by the water,” said the residents. leader of the organization.
In 2014, the turnout was 68 percent.
After taking the lead, Laitkor started to come back strongly, through Nisilia Majaw who managed to create chances and became a threat to Lumparing before Iaraplang Nongrum (35' +2) will be able to draw.
Speaking at the meeting, the DC congratulated all those who took part in the celebration of this month-long Environment Day.
In East Khasi Hill, the target is to vaccinate 2,85,000 children.
However, at this time I would like to ask about the suffering and death of Jesus Christ.
In this regard, the Seng is deeply saddened by this and when asked why the Government does not help the farmers.
Pyntip Dkhar scored the first goal for Dhana SC in the 51st minute.
These leaders from these three constituencies expressed their satisfaction to see that the work has progressed despite some difficulties related to the acquisition of land for the construction of the road. The PWD department will be able to arrange it.
Scientists are now building another ship, which is specially designed to sustain human life in the event of any threat to the environment in the future.
“For God hath not appointed us to wrath, but to obtain salvation by our Lord Jesus Christ” (1 Thessalonians 5:9).
We hope that the ADCs and these heads of traditional institutions will not use the ILP as a source of income, as has been done by the Trade Enforcement in the District Councils.
When questioned, he said that he was the Dy.Commander-in-Chief of the Achik Revolutionary Army under the leadership of William Sangma. Shillong, Naitung 19: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has announced that the public meeting scheduled to be held on the 21st of this month at Mawkyrwat will go smoothly as announced.
She urged the government to immediately implement the ILP in the state to curb the illegal entry of foreigners.
However, this too was achieved with the unity of the Sengbhalang of Ri Lum Jaintia who strongly opposed the proposal to hold a Public Hearing.
UDP Mawkyrwat Circle President Shanbor Nongsiej said, “I would like to clarify to the residents of Mawkyrwat Constituency that there has been no violence. The UDP has won the election in Mawkyrwat Constituency.
The chief guest, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, raised the jubilee flag and SDSEO Perina Dkhar released and launched the jubilee balloons.
Therefore, the Seng urges the department to immediately install the transformers in the villages which have not yet been installed.
Speaking to Rupang, General Secretary of the Seng Khihlang, Mario Biam, said that in the past, they had rejected their traditional religion by following foreign religion. customs that the traditional religions practiced but now they are beginning to use them again.
After the shooting of Sonu and his group, the security guards who tried to prevent the two from taking advantage were shot dead.
He said the elections in the state will be between the Congress and other parties except the BJP as the people have not yet accepted the BJP in the state.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District Unit has expressed its full support to the protest of the Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHTOA) against the dewbilat factories in Jaintia Hills. clinker announced by the government last year.
During the walk, the beauty of the area was witnessed and it is indeed a place that can attract tourists from all over the world.
The statement said that if it is held in Guwahati, many youths from the state will be left behind due to the high cost of living.
In the first leg of the second leg, Rymbai Synrang Shahkhain SC and Pamra Paithlu SC shared 10 points each after failing to score until the end. you are playing.
It depends on how you know how to find schemes.
Donaldson Pyngrope, President of the HNYM, has strongly condemned the statement published on an online news portal on 16-06-2023 by the HNYF, which accused the police of not being able to do anything. The HNYM Pynursla Zone, has received a phone call from the residents of the area, after the HNYM Pynursla Zone received a phone call from the residents of the area. Umsyiem, Sohlong, Mawriang, where there is a heavy traffic jam, therefore the President of HNYM has immediately phoned the authorities in charge of the incident to investigate who those who committed the crime without thinking about the community. Police and Magistrate have gone to investigate the incident and due to the lack of release of the trucks on the night of the 7th, the traffic jam occurred. for two days from the night of 7th 8-9th July, 2023 morning and it seems that it is just a threat to our fellow citizens for any reason, which is surprising that the HNYF has attacked the Pynursla area. On the issues of War Jaintia, it has not dared to go against the overloading of trucks passing through the Amsarin Weigh Bridge. if anything else should be cut off.
Four aircraft were damaged in the drone strikes launched by Ukraine that day.
"It is difficult to give a conclusion on the work of Bah Pynshgain, some he has won and some he has lost, it is too early," he said.
He said the incident in Mukroh village is not the first time and it happened in
There are also candidates and parties who are willing to turn to religious leaders to order their groups to join the 'lajong'
If this happens, the HSPDP will be dissolved in 2023 as happened to the Meghalaya Democratic Party (MDP) in
“Don't say that, I don't see any difference between you and me,” said Lydia.
That bur also was completely destroyed after it hit the stones.
Today we will decide the five-year future of this state.
It is understood that the parties in the opposition in the past, went to support Bah Pynshngaiñ without any demand but Bah Pynshngaiñ has promised to give them the EM seat one by one. Pynshngaiñ's resignation has caused them to wait for him to fulfill his promise.
This has hampered the smooth running of the schools.
When asked how they feel about the bill, Ardent said that in the House, the bill was passed by a large majority. They replied that all the activities related to the VAB have gone smoothly and they don't want to cause trouble.
Vitamin K plays an important role in bone development because it helps in the production and growth of bone cells.
Shillong, March 13: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Youth Wing strongly condemns the arrest of people especially civil society leaders during the protest to force the government to implement the Inner Line. Permit (ILP).
However, it is not clear how many people were inside the mine at the time of the fire.
The winner of the tournament will qualify for the quarter final.
I urge the Government not to cut the salaries of government employees if possible because we have all experienced the problem and the salary cut is not appropriate.
Both these offices have been implemented as per the government order that appeared from 29th November 2022.
He encouraged Kong Kharumnuid who has taught Khasi subject for 29 years to achieve 100 percent pass rate.
Paul explains that we should appreciate this Word.
There have been 92 new cases of coronavirus in India and four deaths, the health ministry said today.
He urged the journalists to look at the ways in which they can develop the area.
Shangpliang admitted that more than 2,000 of his supporters from the Mawsynram BJP Mandal have sent their resignation letter to the State President and will join the NPP on the 12th of this month in Mawsynram.
Furthermore, pig pens should be thoroughly cleaned daily using 1% formaldehyde, phenolic and footholds should be placed in the areas before entering the pens.
