“I am pleased with their willingness to work with the MCA and the BCCI,” he added.
“I don't think there is any need to shoot, it is clear that our police shot without permission,” said Himanta Biswa Sharma.
Other media outlets such as Youtube, PCN, Batesi TV and others can also be used.
They also alleged that as Chief Minister for three terms, there has been no development or contribution to the state, and no policies and laws have been introduced to build the state.
There were conflicts in the villages, there were conflicts with each other and thus there was no peace and order in the villages.
The meeting was enriched by songs, traditional dances, proverbs and others.
He knew that it was Tangmar who had stolen his sister but he couldn't do anything.
The NEDF meeting comprising KSU, FKJGP and NESO today decided to write four points to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi to stop the proposed uranium mining in Shillong. this state.
That is to fulfill the days foretold at Daniel 9:2
On the first day of this month, Bah PS Lyngdoh was summoned by the Sadar Police Station for publishing news through his channel which affects the minds of the people who watch it. video.
“Eat as much as you can when you eat together at the same time,” said the mother while she was shrut the chicken.
Conclusion of the statement from the people of Shillong.
The trouble of finding a burial place was greater than the burial of Jesus.
He said that the teachers have decided to start an indefinite strike from tomorrow in front of the MBOSE Shillong office from 11 am to 3 pm. .
An earthquake measuring 5.3 on the Richter scale struck Mizoram at 4.10 am this morning.
'But at that time, I was told that my husband had an accident," she said.
In the Book of Isaiah it is written – “How art thou fallen from heaven, O Lurshai” Isaiah 14:1
It is expected that a new government will come soon.
Shillong received 5.2mm today, 4.6mm today, Umiam 11.2mm today and 4.0mm today.
And he did not forget the other Gentiles.
Candidates or politicians must also give advance notice of the vehicles they use to campaign and vehicles that use tynghung without permission will be punished according to the election rules.
On the other hand, the youth applicants have been demanding and requesting the government to increase the age of application to 30 years.
He also announced the names of 42 villages which will be affected by the floods.
PD Sangma has been promoted to Shillong and appointed as Joint Secretary, Textile Department.
In an interview with the union, the officer expressed many problems in the office in the lack of provision of funds, medicines and other necessities by the Government. buy medicines to help the affected farmers.
Can't it be said that the ruling party in India, if it is of any colour, will not stop the desire to mine uranium and will not abolish the secret plan to turn India into a Hindu country? “Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for you are with me...” (Psalm 23:4) is a song we like to read in times of trouble and sorrow.
The 10-month competition will start training for all the participants for 40 days, from 28th July 2023 to 8th July
Shortly after, the police took Narang from another place to hide him from the hands of the farmers who were angry with the MLA. Narang was taken away from the scene and in the incident, some BJP workers were also shot along with Narang.
The shooting occurred when the DC of Cachar visited the area to see for himself the situation in the border area.
Similarly, Mawsynram and Nohron have recorded heavy rainfall.
Shillong: U Vice President of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) James Ban Basaiawmoit has left the party after he disagreed with the decision of the Central Executive Committee (CEC) to join the National People's Party (NPP) soon.
However, no reply has been received from Meghalaya.
Chen said she cannot accept the false news about the death of her son because it is just a ploy by someone to get all his property. .
The song was composed and edited by Soniwan Langstang and the camera and ringing of the song was taken by @SoniwanLangstang1
“To eat first, I'll talk again,” said the father.
The new dorbar hall will be completed after two and a half years or 30 months. The design of the dorbar hall has been awarded to Design Associate from Noida, New. Delhi.
“This hope is not only for Alpha School and for the schools as a whole in the state and even for the community, where in the past two years, the The outbreak of COVID-19 has affected the world in all aspects.
Following the recommendation of this Committee, the government has implemented and everyone has accepted this implementation of the government and many of the problems of MBoSE have been resolved and the conflict between the two communities has been resolved. .
Sadly, Assam's violence against the people in the border villages has affected not only the development projects funded by the state and central governments, but also the income, income and even human rights.
Although the MLP had many chances, the match ended 1-0
Dr.P Nongtdu, M.Sc, Ph.D.
Marak has been with the party since 2013 until it signed a peace agreement with the government and has also planned to form another rebel group, the United Achik National Front (UANF). ) but due to the harassment from time to time, he surrendered to the police.
On the other hand, Bah Sniawbha acknowledged that the future of the party in some constituencies like Nongkrem and Mawlai has been severely affected by the emergence of the new party VPP.
He said the time has come for all the children of Jaintia Hills especially those who are on the line of poverty to stand united with one voice to demand their rights from the government by cooperating with the ration distributors and the head of the village.
In November 2018, 100 coal miners died in the Ksan coal mines and in July 2021, seven people died in the Deiñshalalu coal mines. .
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Nartiang Modop Unit today conducted a cleanliness drive in Nartiang village while the KSU Ummulong Unit has placed garbage cans on the footpaths of Ummulong village. residents and passers-by on the highway will be able to throw away their garbage.
On the same day, Ms Laloo also launched a short video on SVEEP related to the Special Summary Revision (SSR) prepared by the CHI IUNG group. .
Shillong: With the aim of promoting football in the state, the Madan Sports and Cultural Club in collaboration with the Kick Start Football Coaching Center will open a football training camp for children aged 5 to years old (male and female) at Laban Football Ground, Shillong.
In agriculture, farming and many other activities, there are still many ways to live, but they need information and the party through various schemes, including MLA MDC schemes.
The visual is produced by Elvest Thabah Studio and the script is written by Bankor Oskar Laitthma.
There were thousands of SHGs established during the tenure of the Livelihood Improvement Company of Meghalaya (LIFCOM) but these have collapsed only after the government's target was achieved. signed an agreement with the IAFD around 2012.
“The travel expenses of officers and personnel appointed to accompany the Chief Minister regardless of whether they belong to any government department will be paid from the Chief Minister Secretariat.
“We condole what happened and send our condolences to the families of those who lost their loved ones and the residents who lost their fellow villagers.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The State Government has proposed to allocate 3 acres of land to the Harijans who are currently living in Them Ïewmawlong and this land is adjacent to the RP Chest Hospital or TB Hospital as it is known. people, who are in Upper Mawprem.
In a video posted on social media, Dr. Buam said that while he was arguing with the BSF after they accused him of being a Bangladeshi, he also asked why the BSF. BSF does not expel Bangladeshis who graze cattle near the border with Muktapur village.
“We have already prepared a mining plan by the Central for Mine Planning and Design Institute Limited under the Ministry of Mines and another by the Mineral Exploration Corporation Limited under the Ministry of Coal. “They will complete the Mining Plan for the state soon before they can mine coal in the state,” he said.
In today's world where government jobs are very scarce, the private sector has become another source of employment for our youth.
Regarding these issues, the mother said that the government's concern for the people is not only on these two issues.
Lanstarwell Syiemlieh scored the second goal in the 50th minute.
The HNLC leaders also expressed their concern over the safety of its members if they come to the state for the peace talks.
Besides, Bah Shakliar admitted that in the coming years, more and more sports venues including Sunny Hills, Ampati Stadium, PA Sangma Indoor Halls, Jengjal, Bajengdoba, and in Williamnagar as part of the government's goal to enable youngsters to achieve goals in their sporting careers.
All this, according to my understanding, is through the blessing of Ud longtheng.
Mahanta is said to have suffered from a mental illness.
However, due to the initiative of various groups especially the KSU to strongly oppose the signboard, the work has been suspended.
Langsning FC couldn't turn the tide until the end of the match and led Golden Lion FC to win the title and reach the semi final.
Never answer for your husband in public opinion polls, let him handle what is directed to him although he may answer for you in public opinion polls.13.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Titosstarwell Chyne, said that at the EC meeting held yesterday, it has decided to introduce the amendment. in relation to the Christian marriage form.
He said that the government will now turn its attention first to the Tourism and Information and Technology Sector as they are the sectors that will generate revenue for the state whether in terms of revenue or in terms of revenue. the ability to generate new work.
The match of the 40th Veteran Knockout Football Tournament-2022 will be played tomorrow at 12 noon between the 12th Dolloi and the West Jaintia Cultural Society.
On the other hand, Tymmenbasan S.Syiem said that the appearance of the JUHE we consider them as the army of Satan the king of darkness and when the gospel of Jesus Christ comes to this world they fight against. He explained that it was a demonstration after the end of the Christmas game but there was nothing.
“I have been told that Kong (Kurbah) has donated a private plot of land to help alleviate the congestion in Nongbah,” he said.
The State Government has already arranged for the evacuation of the workers and students of the State who are stranded in Manipur to be held daily and this will continue tomorrow, 08th to 10th today. moon.
The chief guest on the occasion was Prof. SS Majaw, Head of the Khasi Author Society, who is also a neighbor of Prof. GG Swell. from the village of Nongwar.
The HNLC also alleged that Lok Sabha MP Vincent H Pala has not done anything to resolve the issue.
These are just a few suggestions.
“Ka Seng Khasi therefore, through this statement, strongly condemns such scientific acts and urges the perpetrator to immediately remove all the images belonging to the Seng Khasi, which have been used. “We strongly warn that such misuse should not happen again in the future,” said the statement.
Furthermore, Bah Pynshai said that there are some unions which have been criticized even by the parents of the players due to the irregularities in the distribution of prize money to the players.
However, it is sad to know that according to what appears in the media, the Minister of Law and Justice has said that “no political parties have sent their comments yet,” said the Working President of the Ministry of Justice. KHNAM, Bah Thomas Passah in a statement sent to the media on Tuesday.
Shillong, November 06: Ka Maitshaphrang on Tuesday demanded that the State Government should declare the 6th November, the death anniversary of Phan Nonglait, as a public holiday in the state.
After this, prizes were awarded to all the winners of various competitions.
Wailadmiki Shylla in his speech praised the filmmakers for despite many difficulties, but they are continuing to find ways and means to revive this industry in Jaintia Hills.
She expressed shock when she received the news on Sunday that her sister had passed away.
Diengshynrum and Iatyllilang Hingaria have reached the final of the Second Division Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA). in Diengshynrum on Saturday.
Shim for you 1 hour.
The Rangbah Shnong of Pynter, congratulated the residents of Pynter, Nongsyrngan, Mawshun, Pomshutia, Siatbakon, Nongsder and three residents of Suktia, who came to help in the search.
Shillong: U Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Latiplang Kharkongor has handed over the certificate to Bah Arwan as the full Sirdar of Dwara Nongtyrnem Hima in the presence of Mawsynram MDC Alvin K Sawkmie Deputy Chairman. the KHADC, together with those in the household.
The worst thing in our state is that even the MLAs/Ministers are contractors.
Ma Nidamon urged the State Government to address the problem of truck owners carrying dewbilat and clinker so that the truck owners of the state can benefit.
Application forms must be submitted on or before 14th July, 2017, and those who wish to learn the Khasi language must be 18 (eighteen) years of age or older.
The five best states in India in terms of rice production are Rajasthan, Maharashtra, Karnataka, Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh.
She said that the demand for ILP is because it will not protect the identity of the minorities but as it appears now from the facts that the Government of India has an intention to attack the minorities and this has led to the. hazard.
Besides the promise of monthly financial assistance, the MYE Scheme will also create 3 lakh jobs in the next five years by employing the residents through Mission Mode.
They include Dabetmiki Dhar (44-46kg), Ricky Rynjah (46-48kg), Kibanroi Syngkli (48-50kg), Meshwa Ripnar (50-52kg), Jordan L.Nongrang (52-54kg), Bashanlang Sylliang ( 54-57kg), Rang I Man Lamin (60-63kg), Sunny Thakuri (71-75kg) and Krishna Prasad Gupta (75-80kg).
Even after the completion of the knia ka khriam, these six children have not recovered from their illness.
New Delhi: There have been 1,65,553 new cases of covid-19 in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of cases to 2,78,94,8
Nongpoh Naiwieng 18: To look back on the 25th anniversary of its establishment in 1998, St. Claret's Umsning Seminary on Saturday celebrated its Silver Jubilee.
“I don't want to make unfounded accusations because I know that all the high level positions in the state have ended,” said Pala.
The residents of these areas said that the noise of these trucks at night, has disturbed the sleep of the residents.
You have set a limit that no man can cross.
Bhattacharjee was born on 26th October, 1968 in Shillong and completed his LLB from North Eastern Hill University, Shillong.
That is a foreign thing; but what we need is that we receive him, as the shyngoid receives the stable, and that our hearts receive Jesus.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 4: The Nongpoh-Umden-Sonapur road, which is one of the roads connecting hundreds of villages to The Joint Action Committee (JAC) comprising of civil society groups, Rangbah Shnongs and commercial vehicle drivers today visited the road to express their concern over the This public road is very bad.
According to information received from one of the village leaders of the area, these youths were arrested by the Assam Police on charges of planning to burn down the Wah Umler Bridge. The Assam Police as the residents of the village cannot accept and it may be just an exploitation of the incident which happened in Jatalong village.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government today decided to increase the interest rate by 2% for farmers who take loans. You cannot use your Kisan Credit Card.
“The Congress is like a tree that can give comfort and protect the people when they face problems,” he said.
Memory can be started with a tape recorder/player.
Speaking to media after the filing of nomination papers, Bah Laloo said that if the people give him the opportunity to become the leader of the constituency, he will complete the remaining tasks especially in the field of and youth unemployment and a decline in agriculture.
On this occasion, the Seng also honored the students who have done well in Khasi Subject in the SSLC, HSSLC, BA and MA examinations. a great benefit for the nation.
In another incident, police said that Lastika Sumer of Mukroh village, West Jaintia Hills District (WJH), has sent a complaint that on the 23rd of this month, an unidentified person. Morning Nartiang has forcibly cut down and cut down the trees from the land of Lumkseh Village, West Jaintia Hills District (WJH) which is still under Civil Case. a timber factory located in Dong Pohmukhim Village (WJH).
Shillong: The Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2016, Shillong, today held a celebration after the Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2016 was not introduced in the Rajya Sabha, which means that the Bill will not become law.
The visit of the MDA Ministers to Delhi is very important as the people of the state as well as the CoMSO, KSU and others have been waiting for a response from the Indian government on the demand for the implementation of the MDA. ILP in this state.
Expressing his gratitude to the Society, Bah T Malieh Rangbah Shnong has blessed and wished the Society to continue to grow in all aspects and to continue to work hard to do good deeds in the society. He also expressed his gratitude to the community for the benefit of the people and expressed his special thanks for the construction of this toilet for the convenience of the people in the village.
This was announced by the Chief Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya.
“She has been too proud to have links with Himanta Biswa Sarma of the BJP from Assam, but the election canvass has always mentioned Himanta's name, she is a Congress candidate, how can she show that she has links with the BJP?” They demanded that Deborah should prove her allegation that the Congress leaders did not work for her.
As the saying goes, the whole reason is weak from the rympei, perhaps this also refers to the same issue.
On the morning of the 27th at 6.00 pm, the youth Rangbah from the two villages of Chyrmang Nein and Chyrmang Wah have selected the youth Rangbah to search for the trees or 'Charoh blai' and to bring them back at noon. they have been destroyed by the ancients.
Chiranjib Choudhury, also known as Chiru, today sent a letter of resignation to the Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, John F. Kharshiing.
A source from the DC's office said that there is no such scheme to distribute smart phones to students and the public should not believe in these rumours.
This will make it easier or help the students to make choices so that they can pass better.
According to the ministry website, more than 70 percent of the deaths are due to other diseases.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, expressed his satisfaction with the construction of this beautiful football ground in East Jaintia Hills District and hopes that more and more players will come out. He promised that he will continue to build more such stadiums in the district, which will bring glory and honor not only to the district, but to the state and the country as a whole. “I would like to thank the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, the Football Association, the Sport Clubs who have been involved in the election. “We have worked hard to improve the stadium,” he said, adding that the parents, the elders have changed their minds. He congratulated all those who have donated equipment, as well as words of encouragement and encourage the youth to develop in football and other sports.
Nongpoh, July 28: In the spirit of worship, the Christians of the Pahambir Catholic Church today concluded the celebration of the Golden Jubilee of the Pahambir Catholic Church. It was founded in 1974 as a small church group and now this church is growing and developing in the faith under the Nongpoh Parish.
On Friday, 30th June 2021, Meghalaya has lost another patient for the second time and the patient was identified as Kong Manisha Turnia, 32 years old and She is a nurse working at Ganesh Das Hospital, Shillong.
“However, we have found that there are Central Government offices, private companies and banks that do not respect and open their offices on such special days of the nation. such as the Shad Nongkrem where most of the political parties have to go to protest and have to close down such offices or workplaces,” said the statement.
He also sought the cooperation of the people to maintain law and order in the city and said that robbers should not be allowed to take advantage.
These children used to force and force the public to buy these bookmarks at the price of 5 to 10 tyngka which were sold at the price of 1 tyngka each.
Bah Finely also expressed his satisfaction that the athletes of the State have now improved rapidly in the sport.
“If you look at the banners, not even the word Langpih appeared, but the word Lumpi appeared which doesn't fit the name of the Hima Khasi because there wasn't that much village, in fact it still appears. “If Assam had to put both the names Langpih and Lumpi together,” said Bah Kharjahrin.
Dr W.Dkhar explained that underage marriage leads to a broken family.
Nongpoh, June 09: Two robbers were arrested from Umñiuh Khwan village in Ri-Bhoi District last night for trying to steal an auto-rickshaw truck number ML H 0896.
The WJSU expects the Executive Engineer to take action for the benefit of the residents of the area.
In order to prevent any tragic incidents that may happen and also to facilitate the movement of vehicles and pedestrians due to the presence of shopkeepers, the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills The Executive Magistrate of WJH, Bah WK Kharbuli, has issued an order to conduct a raid on the 24th of this month to remove these vendors from the footpaths. who are on the streets.
It may be recalled that the political parties (Seng Riewlum), Sengbhalang have strongly opposed the government's decision to set up insurgent camps in the Khasi Hills. Garo Student Union (GSU) to set up a camp in Arodonga, which has been suspected that the government intends to set up a camp in the Arodonga area.
When asked how many HIV cases there are in the state, Dr. Phira said there are 1375 cases.
The tournament will include team event, individual category event in different categories divided into U-13, U-16 and U-19 women's and male.
What happened in Israel happened all over the world.
The DGP also informed that two groups have come to explain the problems of people with disabilities who have requested to provide training to the Traffic Police so that they can learn. to deal with people with disabilities for which she promised to take immediate steps.
“If the meat buyers don't want to buy meat, the meat sellers will have to do it,” he said.
Bah Synrem said that the Maharaj of the school does not understand the customs and traditions of the people in the area and therefore, he forces the children, because he wants to benefit himself, from the school. Government of India, by issuing chess for Aadhar registration.
They too can provide the same information to others who need these laws.
The question is how far Meghalaya can take money without paying the interest and fees for many years.
He expressed the hope that the resignation of Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem without wanting to leave will bring honor to the House to run and not to reduce the cost of the Dorbar to run in a proper manner.
The 40 children who received the cash prize include Dwip Sahajee, Kishor Das, Pooja Kumari Jha, Star Public School Lumshnong, Prosperity Pyrngap, Roshan Kumar Jha, Robinhood Pasi, Fenishia Nongtdu, Kynsaiborme Bareh, Lambokstar Jyrwa of Khliehriat Higher Secondary School and Donaldson Chyrmang of Holy Cross Higher Secondary School Umkiang.
Lambokstarwell also warned that the Nepalis should not harass the Khasi people living in the area and if they do, the party will take action.
It may be recalled that a woman who studied the Myntdu River, Dr. Wansah Pyrbot, in her thesis on the Assessment of Water Quality affected by urban waste water and coal mine seepage, found that The Myntdu River is no longer sufficient for the residents of Jowai and surrounding villages to use as drinking water as it has become polluted throughout the river due to the flow of garbage from the branches of the river.
Why are those children of Israel the same as those children of Khasi?
This tragic incident happened on 26th June 2021, at Lumdam Village, Mairang Civil Sub Division, West Khasi Hills District.
The central theme is 'Tobacco vs Environment'
In the final match between Lumpyrtuh Mihmyntdu and Royal Pole Mihmyntdu, Lumpyrtuh Mihmyntdu drew 1-1
Not only that, but there are those who expect that the government will extend the tenure of these MDCs political appointees to 6 months. The intended tenure has expired in September. It is still the rainy season. They will have to wait another 6 months until the rainy season.
Meanwhile, the NPP MDCs who won up to 12 seats in JHADC have held a meeting to discuss the issue.
Intelligent and understanding people strongly oppose this right to vote by secret ballot.
He said that he was released at 7 pm and was asked where he got the money to go home. “I don't have any money and the Jailor gave me T.50 tyngka for the car,” said Borlang. .
He said that there are films which he has already shot and the payment depends on the experienced and beginning actors, some he pays T.1500, some T.1000 per day besides food. dih ka leit ka wan , while in general it depends on the financial success of the film.
On this occasion, the President of the Governing Body of JRTS, Rev T.Mukhim, presented Certificates to 40 students who have completed their Bachelor of Divinity (B.D) and also to those who have completed their Bachelor of Divinity (B.D). Lay Leadership.
This distribution of food items by these leaders has given hope to the people to have confidence and trust in the leaders especially that they can help in such a fight against the disease which the people have to stay at home.
After the incident, the driver of the Mahinra Pickup was taken for a medical test.
One of the main lessons is related to Career Exploration, or to provide information on how to start choosing lines of study, related jobs and how to stay and progress in your career.
Heavy rainfall in the past few days has caused damage to the Khaidong Road, which falls under Saipung Block, East Jaintia Hills.
He called for the cooperation and suggestions of the Dorbar Shnongs so that this project can be implemented.
Therefore, it is difficult to build special waste disposal sites if you don't know how to use them, but it was found that waste, plastic, paper, bottles and many others. Other garbage found near Mawkyrwat Market was very clean to see.
Dr Donkupar expressed his surprise at the protest against Mukul Sangma as it came only from the government ministers.
Only if there is discipline can it be conducted in a proper and orderly manner.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) has submitted 12 issues to the District Council elections to revive the Council if it comes to power.
“If you cannot abolish the coal factories in Sutnga District, your government will collapse in the next five years and then you will not change,” said one of the women, Kong F.Kamar. “We have cried, we have suffered, we have been hungry and we have been burnt by the wind but you have not believed us,” she said.
The truck, No.NL01AD-0676, was carrying 24,000 liters of umphniang and after the arrival of the police, all the people who received the umphniang were driven away. to cleanse the source of the oil.
Jowai: The President of the Chankylliang Development Society, Chanki Lyngdoh, who is also the MDC of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) in a statement today, announced that there will be a Kotkudi competition. , Traditional Songs and Dances, Moopoin Competition and Traditional Music Competition on the 7th and 8th November at Madan Wahsalu, Sabahmooswang, West Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong Lajong have suffered two defeats in the tournament.
Youth Welfare Social Pynthor beat Nangbah Mooknor in the 3rd Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WSA) on Tuesday. Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
The good news is that there are still wild animals such as wild boars, skei, ksar, bshad, kui Ne jynra, khmot, myrsiang, huleng and others and many kinds of birds are still rare.
Those who attended the event witnessed the beautiful dance performances by the students of Mary's Garden School, Jongksha and the students of Inclusive Music School, Shillong.
If the two governments do not listen to their wishes, many problems may arise later.
He is the only athlete from Lumparing village who used to compete in Meghalaya Power Lifting. He was the only one from the state to take part in the competition which will be held on the 21st and 22nd of this month.
She said she was surprised to report in the newspapers that the government has already marked the sites for the construction of the ANVC-B camp in Aradonga.
“It is up to the NPP, it is the feeling of the NPP, we will fight when there is an election,” he said.
Shillong: The East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) has completed the conduct of the Pre-AIFF License Referees Clinic Cum Exam 2019 from 6-10 July to practical.
Lazarus went to heaven, and the rich man went to hell.
On the other hand, the President and General Secretary of Labang Nongphyllut Circle in their speeches said that these new leaders of the party will work for the good of the people and the Jaintia Hills as a whole.
However, at the same time, the BJP has criticized the Congress MLAs for their speech against the BJP, saying, “When they speak against the BJP, why don't they call the BJP leaders in Delhi”.
“Now we will move forward and I have decided to set up a Search Committee comprising official and non-official members.
These two schemes (Focus and Focus+) will help farmers in Meghalaya to receive a grant of Rs 10,000 per household.
In Patharkuchi, the areas inhabited by the Garo and other ethnic groups are part of Meghalaya.
“We demand an ILP in line with this era,” said Bah Lawriniang and added that the party strongly condemns the government which intends to destroy the youth leaders who are fighting for the country and the country. community.
The Aspirational District program has brought about change in these districts.
The report was received by the State Government on 17th November 2020 and a discussion on the matter was held on 20th July 2021 under the chairmanship of the Chief Secretary, Government of Meghalaya.
Although I cannot conclude that, let the investigation continue and we will know the facts.
Earlier, Laitkroh MDC Bah CS Sohtun had strongly opposed the proposal to abolish the constituency without following the rules and regulations and it is also against the feelings and rights of the people of Laitkroh.
Dr Jitendra Singh said that a senior Indian official will soon be appointed as the new Secretary of the NEC, after former Secretary Ameising Luikham has left to take over as Secretary. of the Government of India, in the Ministry of Public Enterprises.
“I will send a letter to the MeECL authorities regarding this incident and ask them to provide financial assistance to the family of this child because this child has the right to receive the bail from the department”.
The union demands that the state government should start implementing the Sub Center without delay and said that the health center will benefit the villages including Lad Mawreng, Kharnongwah, Northern Mawreng, Eastern Mawreng, Lyngkhwir, Mawkalum, Lumsohriew, Umthlong and others.
He requested the Government to take action and the Bill should be expedited.
One of the reasons is that the government has not listened to the ILP like other countries in the East.
We support these women with various initiatives and help them to open up opportunities for them to market their products which helps to obtain financial assistance from investors.
They demanded that the government should suspend the distribution of ration cards to the people until it can improve the situation so that the benefits will not be unfair.
Our Government has not been able to eliminate the use of plastic bags in the markets despite efforts to ban them from time to time.
Nongstoin, June 25: The Nongstoin Social Service Society (NSSS) in collaboration with the District Vector Borne Disease Control Program (VBDCP) has organized a campaign to raise awareness among the public on how to fight against measles. Before the start of the meeting, a rally was held with the shouting of various slogans. Community Health Volunteers (CHVs), school children from various schools in the area and others.
“We also have roads which are part of a project involving tourism but these are exactly the roads that connect or have the potential to contribute to the development of tourism,” said Bah Paul. She added that nothing else needs to be said regarding the working methods of the PWD (Roads) department regarding the poor condition of the roads.
Shillong: The employees of the Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited Employees Union (MCCLEU) have given 14 days to the management to pay their old salary and overtime. over time, lest they should hold a strike.
The HYC urges the JHADC especially the department in charge of foreign trade to conduct regular inspection of trading license and labor license to curb illegal foreign trade.
The fourth session of the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday came to an end, while the members of the Legislative Assembly were still discussing the matter. the border with Assam and the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU).
“I am pleased that through this tournament many players have emerged who have taken the lead in the Shillong League organized by the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) and I hope that more players will emerge to take part in the Shillong League. part of the clubs in Shillong and abroad as well.
Umrasong SC scored the first goal of the match in the 37th minute.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) has announced that Shillong will host the Bhutan Women's Football Team for a friendly match against Meghalaya on the 21st and 23rd of this month at the Polo Ground.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Nartiang Circle today held the 2nd Mait Shaphrang Academic Awards 2020 at Namdong.
In a statement to the media, Bah Ardent said that the government through the Symbud Myntri Rangbah and its spokespersons are trying to mislead the people of the state in this regard.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongthymmai Circle today met with the CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla to discuss the issue of bill license and foreign trade license.
The complaint states that on the 11th of this month, at about 11:45 pm, several robbers with weapons dressed in camouflage uniforms entered the house. They forced the complainant to take away the money amounting to T.11,600/- and threatened to kill him.
The leaders of the Chyne clan were Omesty Chyne, Jasir, Shella and Sainkupar Chyne, Pyrkan and Shella while the Dkhar clan was led by EW Dkhar from Nongwar.
When asked whether the support is for the youth to benefit from the Reservation Policy in the government, Bah Ardent said, “From the beginning we did not say that if this policy is amended, everyone will benefit from the government. “The shortcomings in the policy will be removed and the rights of the youth should be given and the youth and the people themselves understand this,” he said.
“Our goal this time is to win 400 MPs to the Lok Sabha,” Ao said.
He said that this government has only been in office for four months, but it has tried to review the progress of the agriculture department along with many other issues.
It takes one year to complete various courses such as Hotel Front Office, Restaurant Services, Travel Agency & Tourism, Food Production and others.
Bah Warjri said the purpose of testing the imported cows is to know whether the cows are healthy or not before the meat vendors buy the cows. that they shall not sell unto the people, neither shall they eat the flesh of the beast.
It is to be recalled that 41 people attended the wedding ceremony held at Greenwood Resort Khanapara, Assam on 27th July 2020 and out of these 41 people, 2 people tested positive for Covid-1 positive and up to 62 highrisk contacts.
Planet Venus is close to Earth in size, its atmosphere is slightly less powerful than Earth's, but because it is closer to the Sun, its temperature Your kingdom is greater than the kingdom of this world.
The KTFA, Meghalaya has rejected the speech of the MLA of Nongpoh Constituency in the Assembly on 27/02/2024, regarding the Marmain border area and on the presence of posters by the Hindu Religious Association of Assam.
Of the 2,400 arrested, 2,281 are males and 119 are females.
The Spirit of God says that this book should be written, “What shall we do in this life only once?” Bah Daniel said that there are 8 chapters in this book which invite and invite to know what people we must do when we only live once.
The body of the deceased has been taken to the police station for further investigation.
“As a Christian, I have been taught since I was a child not to lie, I am not as suspected,” he said.
Earlier, he was arrested four times by the police for his involvement in theft and money laundering.
After the conversation, I asked him if he had been injected with corona.
He informed that the government’s target is to reach out to each and every eligible citizen who are above the age of 18 years and ensure 100 percent coverage.
Shillong, Naitung 09: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA of the BJP, today slammed Bah AL Hek, MLA of the BJP, for his statement in the media. on the incident on the day of the Presidential candidate's visit to Orchid Hotel on the 6th of this month.
Speaking on Child Labor under the Constitution of India, she said that Article 24 of the Constitution of India has made it clear that no child under the age of 14 years shall be employed in the country. factories that may harm the health of a child.
The foundation stone of the market will be inaugurated by the Minister of Transport, who is also the MLA of the area, Sniawbhalang Dhar in the presence of the Chief Executive Member of the JHADC, Thombor Shiwat. Dolloi and other elders of the area.
Shiningstar Thubru, Secretary of Namdong-A Village, said that they have sent a complaint to the Revenue Officer of JHADC after receiving information that Romario Sungoh intends to issue a land holding certificate for the land of the village. deleted.
There are four houses which are beautifully built with tarpaulins and inside the rooms are well decorated with a bathroom and a bathroom.
Jowai, November 30: The Dorbar Shnong Mukhla Nongrim together with the Niamtre Committee today celebrated the 160th death anniversary of Woh Kiang Nangbah who was also a freedom fighter from the British Government.
Ralinda Rynjah, 50, of Laitmawlong, Wahpein, Laitlyngkot, Dhireshwar Chakravorty, 68, of Nongpoh, Ribhoi district, Saraswati Chettri, 69, of Golflink, East Khasi Hills, and Bah Rota Warjri. (55), Apkyrmenlang Syiemlieh (31), Mawthynrew, Mawlyngad, Rynthong Mawkyrwat, Klo Khongji (66), Sohlang, Pynursla, Plower N Marak (54) of Upper Nogorpara. Hesding Lyngdoh (48) of Nartiang, Justin War (74) of Mawlai Kynton Massar, Joyce Blue Lyngdoh (73) of Mawkhar, Mission Compound, Vicky Biswa (36) of Ajay Rai, 56, of Upper Shillong and Swinda Mawlong, 75, of Mawlai Nonglum.
Don't you believe that this government doesn't create job opportunities for the youth?
The time has come for the educated youth in the state to turn to other job creation opportunities so that the problem of unemployment will disappear,” he concluded.
The MSPCB has misled us, it has blamed the coal mining, but now that the coal mining has been banned, who else can blame, the MSPCB does not have the skilled people to study the incident and we strongly demand The KSU has demanded that the government should send an independent scientist to investigate into the incident. Mawsynram will be 150 years behind us when we look forward to the improvement of this road.
A Maruti Swift from Jowai to Shillong collided with an army truck on Monday and the occupants of the vehicle were injured including the mother and brother of this journalist from Jowai. , Nosting Siangshai and is currently undergoing treatment at Nazareth Hospital.
Your slip cannot be auctioned to Kano Kano if you don't pay.
However, in collaboration with government officials in charge of the agriculture department and trained agricultural experts, it benefits the farmers and has become easier in this new era.
Rangdajied United FC played against Shillong Lajong FC in the final of the MSL, Rangdajied United FC played well and scored a goal. 3 goals but Shillong Lajong FC couldn't score a single goal until the end of the match.
Until the end of the match, West Jaintia Hills could not turn the tide and suffered a defeat.
However, a few minutes before the break, India started to strengthen their game against Korea, but did not find a way to score, but Korea changed her style of play and started playing more aggressively which helped the team to score another goal; Choi converted it into a goal from PC to give India a 2-0 lead.
He urged the people to avoid drugs and to focus only on good deeds that will succeed in life.
The Vice President of the Seng, Bah Pranshon Jala, said that the Seng is deeply saddened by the intent of the robbers to burn down the house where prayers are held.
“On the part of the office, we have the confidence that the schools will send us the certificates.
The award was also presented to Umjarian HWC-SC which was selected as the Best Performance Health and Wellness Center in the District, and Marshillong Village was selected as the Best Village Health Council in the District.
Shillong, Jymmang 10 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the state government has implemented a mission to improve employment opportunities for the youth by helping them to start their own businesses. to raise funds for 20,000 youth through CM-Elevate.
Before speaking to reporters, Bah Pynshngaiñ had a meeting with the leaders of the Union of Village Authorities at his office. He said that he had consulted with the Rangbah Shnong before speaking to the media.
Minister Passah, former President, while in the second part, Rtn.
Drug traffickers use this route from East Jaintia Hills to Shillong or other parts of Meghalaya or even Guwahati.
The school has donated 5 KG of CAU-R1 rice to 25 members of the All Jaintia Farmers Welfare Union.
Conrad said that talks with the Coal Ministry of India are ongoing and that the Minister of Coal of India gives good hope on the issues raised by the State Government and He said that the State Government is also very concerned about the relationship with the coal industry and at the same time, to protect the environment, the welfare of the coal miners and others.
However, it was witnessed that some vehicles took overtakes while passing through this bridge which caused more traffic jam.
Roplin Ramut scored two goals for Chutwakhu in the 5th & 65th minutes and one goal was scored by Roplin Ramut in the 5th & 65th minutes. Sooki Lamare (own goal) in the 76th minute.
According to sources, the names sent to Bah Ardent are two strong supporters of the United Democratic Party (UDP) and one strong supporter of the National People's Party. The NPP has won the elections in this constituency.
This was announced by the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KKHA) on 12th November 2023 at the handover ceremony of the vehicle. The Executive Members of the Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) including Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, Bah Carness Sohshang and Bah Fantin Joseph Lakadong, the Syiem of Hima Khyrim, Paiem Dr Balajied Sing Syiem, Chiefs, Lyngdohs and office bearers of the Dorbar Shnong. Smit and the neighboring Village Councils.
In a statement sent by the President of KSU Mawlyntriang, the KSU Mawlyntriang unit warned that if foreigners are found trading in the area without proper documents, the KSU will take action against foreigners. The Seng warns against those Khasi who are accustomed to committing benami crimes by leading foreigners to the area. The Seng strongly urges the Dorbar Shnongs of West Khasi Hills to take away the food of the people of Hynniewtrep. Hills to be vigilant and vigilant against the influx of foreigners into the area, and also requested the cooperation of the Dorbar Shnongs to bring about a strong trade in the heritage of the Paradoh Para snam in the area. The community should also be a strong protector against the authorities.
At the same time, she also encouraged the Scout-Guide children by saying that the world expects children for the future, as children they should be able to know the day and succeed in anything. parts of life so that they become a bright light.
The poverty of the poor and the poverty of many churches has led to the destruction of the resources of the natural world, said the scientist.
Shillong, June 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma on Tuesday said that the Harijan Panchayat Committee has the right to demand but the Government will have to consider it thoroughly.
The Expert Committee will meet with the people and look into the implementation of the employment allocation in the country and the employment allocation in the state. the state government.
The Red Ribbon Club of Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat in collaboration with the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society, Shillong has organized the Zonal Level Quiz Competition 2021 (Zone B) which includes colleges of East and West Jaintia Hills District.
Speaking a day before the swearing-in ceremony of the new government, along with the TDP as the second largest party with 16 MPs, Lokesh said the 4 percent Muslim vote in the country. state,where he said Muslims should not worry.
He said that when the contractor is unable to do the work, from the beginning he should not have taken the work but now later he has given many reasons for not being able to do the work.
In the second match between Hurdles CC and Lumpaia Avengers, Arwanbiang Shangpliang scored 45 runs from 52 balls while Shimonto Hajong scored 45 runs from 52 balls. He was also the bowler of the team and played well and took 4 wickets/17 runs in 3.5 overs.
This means that according to God's Law, the Israelites could not fulfill all these feasts as God had commanded them.
The number of current operating systems, as of 25th November 2022, is 21833.7771 operating systems in the country are ISO/IEC compliant. the Services Sector Division Council.
The name "Ronaldo" is taken from the name of former US President Ronald Reagan, who was also his father's favorite.
“It is your spirit that you understand the party and its policies,” said North-East AAP Treasurer Sameer Sharma.
This place was chosen because it was the first place where Thomas Jones set foot in the Khasi Hills before he settled in Nongsawlia.
This flood did not come immediately, but it came slowly, gradually and as it is now, this flood has spread to many parts and villages in Ri Khasi. Jaintia is your friend.
He said that the people of Langpih, Nongspung Hima, Khanduli-Jaintia Hills Block I and Block II are facing problems and sufferings due to the irregular boundary.
He said that the Dorbar Shnong has taken this step to ban the movement of coal trucks to prevent the destruction of the Pammanik road.
The Minister said that he was also present at the meeting when the Lamphang gave a speech and expressed many of the problems faced by the ethnic groups not only in the state but across India.
At present, the police department is appointing Acting DGP SK Jain after the retirement of Rajiv Mehta and due to the rejection of the central government's request by the state government to extend the term of Mehta.
Sohryngkham SC beat Kick Start FT 2-0 in the fourth match and in the last match of the day, Mylliem Grassroot SC beat Kick Start FT 2-0 In the first match between Rangdajied United FC and Them Rangshken ACC, Them Rangshken ACC scored the first goal in the 5th minute through Manbha. Mawlong also scored three goals while Rangdajied United FC scored only one goal in the 23rd minute through FM Kharkongor.
D) from the Department of Education, North-Eastern Hill University, Shillong on a thesis entitled “Problems and Challenges of Rural Students in Higher Education in Meghalaya-An Exploratory Study” and completed this thesis in Dr. Euodia B. Myrthong, Assistant Professor, Department of Education, North-Eastern Hill University, Shillong.
Other speakers on the occasion included SC Sadhu, Secretary, AH & Veterinary Department.
“After receiving the opinions of the MDCs, the Executive Committee will submit its opinions to the state government on this Bill,” he said.
Shillong, Nailar 27 : The UDP Mawlai Circle has expressed its deep sorrow over the incident which happened at Topcem Cement Company in East Jaintia Hill District. teargas to the paid bah.
The State Government has already sent a Resolution to the Central Government to implement the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya after the approval of the Legislative Assembly in November,
In the same year, the birth rate in China was 16.42 percent.
The committee has demanded that the man who was involved in the murder of his wife should be sentenced to death.
This happened at about 4:00 pm.
"Tet tiri" said my soul along with the command to my body, that I should go to the right side so that I can get quickly.
Shillong: The 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya is approaching on the 21st July 2022 and the State Government has invited the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, u Narendra Modi to attend the ceremony but it is learned that he has not yet confirmed whether he will attend or not.
A sign demanding Inner Line Permit (ILP) for wells and wells in public places has spread in West Jaintia Hills District on Thursday.
Regarding this issue, Ma Thing Lyngdoh, said, “When the household is large and there are many children, there is always a lot of conflict but it is only the household chores. a family that cannot be shaped".
A Tata Sumo (ML04B-1681) was heading from Khliehriat to Kalain, Assam when it collided with a Dumper truck (No. .AS01C 0696 and in this incident three people died on the spot while 10 others were seriously injured.
The District Magistrate issued this order after the BSF informed that the areas under the jurisdiction of 172Bn are affected by the smuggling of cattle/smuggled goods, other items such as kwai, Kha-thad, biri, cigarettes, slasha among others and these goods are smuggled from India to Bangladesh and the same is true from Bangladesh to India.
We have not won but they have spoken and demanded.
The 12 kilometer race for men and women from South West Khasi Hills District will be held on the 13th July, 2022 at 6 pm. morning.
Until now, if there are any urgent needs, they have to go to Nongstoin, which has affected the time and money of the people.
In villages that are mixed with many other ethnic groups such as Laban, Pynthorumkhrah and other ethnic minority areas, the pataka bomb blast is more meaningful because they do it according to their celebration of their faith. .
According to the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA), which is the top body in the implementation of Project Cheetah, these deaths occurred due to unavoidable reasons.
It may be recalled that the meat processing plant in Mawiong has been opposed by the farmers, many of whom have expressed that the existence of the meat processing plant has announced to affect their income. , because of the difference to beat the harvest time.
In an interview with Kusha Kapila, for the programme, Swipe Ride; Zeenat Aman also advised the young girls to walk, stand, get to know each other first, when they are in love and not to rush to take them to bed.
It is worth mentioning that the arrest of Zecharaiah Sohthiang in Khyndailad has also reached the Legislative Assembly.
We cannot rely solely on the police because morality and dignity starts from the beginning.
Know where we are going and what events we will witness in the days to come.
However, he said that if the HPC says that it cannot attend the meeting on these days, it may propose other days to allow the manla groups to sit down and resolve their issues. everything.
When the Khasi learned that the Garo had come to climb these hills, they went down to the Shella area to block the road and prevent them from climbing these Khasi hills.
In the decision, three judges ruled that the SC and ST communities should continue to receive these benefits and two judges said that they should be abolished.
In the second half, Lionel Messi scored in the 16th and 20th minutes and Phillipe Coutinho in the 61st minute.
Pohkseh SC beat Mawtawar 1-0 with P.Kharkongor scoring in the 67th minute to win the match.
In addition, accidents were reported in Dobu-East Garo Hills, Watregre-Jengjal and Darugre-Rongjeng.
When contacted by Rupang, Babu Mayborn Lyngdoh R, spokesperson of FASTOM, said that the teachers themselves will not hesitate until an order is issued to implement their demands.
The articles in this book are based on information available to the Council and from the information available to the five States of the Council. bringing resources into NEC support in recent times.
The actor will also star in a biopic which will be released in the coming months.
It was found that this road is very bad except Rymbai village especially in parts of Bataw Lama village and so on to Borkhat.
East Khasi Hills has 81 cases and West Khasi Hills has recorded 133 new cases.
Angelus Sun has been re-elected as Rangbah Shnong on the 22nd July 2022 after defeating Samla Tony Shylla by 5 votes. ,However, after the victory, there was no EC formation and the residents of the village came out on 23/03/2022 to protest against the silence on the formation of the EC in the village. and the church was waiting for him.
Bah Shangpliang told the media that the names of the people who will attend the festival will be from all over the country.
At the meeting, the NPP also announced that the party's goal is to support the farmers and villages, besides expressing the achievements entitled 'Promises Delivered' and the desire to Meghalaya is the fastest growing state.
Shillong: The KSU EJHDU, which held yesterday, 14th November 2023, took the second step to hold a mass protest by sleeping in the middle of the NH-6 in Khliehriat, the capital of the state. District East Jaintia Hills.
Andrew, who is also the incumbent MDC, said that Wailadmiki Shylla's son-in-law, Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of Urban Affairs, should take responsibility for the garbage that has affected the residents of Jowai.
The Deputy Commissioner, Chairman of the District Disaster Management Authority, East Jaintia Hills District has announced that in connection with the weather conditions due to heavy rainfall and wind in the district and the state as a whole, All the residents in the district to cooperate with the officials of government departments in their villages especially the Gram Sevaks of the office of the Block Development Officers in charge of their villages to inform them as soon as possible if there is any any natural disaster in their community so that they can provide assistance to those families who are facing such problems.
The patient had a Stage 3 tumor and had to undergo surgery after three cycles of chemotherapy.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: The President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MYC) Richard M Marak has slammed the BJP government for alleging that the price of beverages has increased as soon as the BJP government came to power. He said that before coming to power, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had promised many things to the people such as to deposit money into their accounts, to create jobs, Sab ka saath sabka Vikash. , Achedin but now they have turned into a hole where the government has looted from the people by removing the old currency and issuing new currency which the people have suffered.
“The pursuit of wealth through the wrong path is incompatible with our Christianity,” said Rev.T Mukhim in his message to the Christians who attended the Synod service. day at the Mynsoo Presbyterian Church.
The abducted worker was identified as Leeku G Momin, 26, and was abducted while he was sleeping at his house in Nokpante when about 7-8 robbers entered and abducted him.
On the next wall were portraits of Hoover Hynniewta, Darwin D Pugh, Stanling D Khongwir and Sanford K Marak.
According to photographs, Kumar met with Congress President in Telangana, Anumula Revanth Reddy, while the counting of votes for the Assembly elections was underway.
Shillong, November 22 : The Senior Team of the PFR Football Academy will leave Shillong for the 6th Annual Swargadeo Sarbananda Singha National Level Invitation Tournament 2022 which will be held from 20th November to 30th November Dibrugarh Assam.
He said that since July 2, 8 health camps have been conducted in 40 villages of East Jaintia Hills District and 1516 people have attended these health camps. The health camp was organized by the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society in collaboration with the District Administration and the District Office. Medical Health Officer of the District and other government departments.
John P.Tom and the opening ceremony by the Chief Guest.
Ong said more to the newspaper.
The UDP's decision to form a government with the NPP has shocked the people of Khasi-Jaintia Hills because they do not want it to join the NPP. Out of the 16 constituencies, it won only 2 MLAs and many of its MLAs, who were defeated and reached the fourth position.
However, it is a curse to the country and the nation from the actions of those selfish people who are no longer willing to steal and loot even the share of others.
However, with the passage of time, there has been a change in the way of thinking of the people because they have become more intelligent and more understanding especially in the implementation in a clear manner.
“We have fought to spread the word on the need to introduce the issue of peace and conflict in this region in schools and colleges.
Seizing guns from police, burning vehicles and destroying property are not the solution.
He said the Law Department would look into the matter and the government would take the necessary action.
The camp will be attended by 25 players from the North East Zone who have been selected by the BCCI through their performances in previous seasons such as the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy T20 tournament, Vijay Hazare Trophy one day tournament and first-class Ranji Trophy.
Therefore, the KSU expresses its surprise at the failure of the nurses to fulfill their duties properly and this stingy counting could lead to a tragic incident if there is no nurse who knows how to give birth.
“There are leaders who intend to join the UDP and we say that they have changed their minds.
KSU Mawkyrwat Circle President Forwardman Nongrem said that what the MUA-2 government leaders under the leadership of Mukul Sangma and Bah Rowell have done has shown that they have betrayed the people of the state. They have refused to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) to prevent the illegal entry of mynder into Meghalaya and have forgotten to take measures for the land owners.
“This issue has been going on for a long time, we have to understand that the Government has now reached the point where it will move forward and we believe that the Government will respond with actions so that the people will be able to see that the Government. it does what it ought to do," he said.
I welcome everyone who comes.
Therefore, if the relevant department does not take action, we will have to think of something else.
The statement said that the party will continue to work for the development of the people and to transform the state for the better.
Despite the lack of government assistance, the school continues to provide education to the students.
Regarding the Jal Shakti Department, the Minister said that the aim is to deliver water to every household and farmland.
Dkhar is a coal miner in Kongong, East Jaintia Hills District.
You should have a distance of about 2 meters from each other.
The question now is, “Where will the peace talks lead?” Is there another way? According to my understanding, there is a need to think again on this issue. peace, that it may be equal.
Shillong Lajong SC failed to score a goal in the first half and Ryntih SC took a 1-0 lead at the end of the first half.
Shillong: A man identified as Bah Bokstar Khongstid, 35, has sustained serious injuries after a stone fell from his head at the construction site of the NWWA. Shillong -Dawki road.
He said that many people say that he cannot win elections without spending money.
Narwan SC beat Mynthning FC 3-0 while Jalaphet Bri Sumer SC and Mulait United FC beat Mulait United FC 3-0 in the Super Division Football League at Lamyrsiang on Saturday. Pale.
Among the Union Territories, Delhi has the highest number of cases in 2022 with a total of 1.2 lakh cases.
The Anti Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) East Khasi Hills District, Shillong has conducted a raid on the sweeper lane. and a 26-year-old mother was arrested.
Among the districts, East Garo Hikks has performed the best with 95.71% pass percentage out of 70 candidates with 67 passes followed by East Jaintia Hills with 93.33%. There were 75 candidates and 70 candidates.
When asked how the department will do to prevent landslides in the tunnel at Sonapur, NH-6, he said that the national highways do not fall under the under my supervision but under the supervision of the Central Government.
The investigation into the damage is ongoing,” Trump said.
In Mawthadraishan, the HSPDP won the World Championship.
College to give you a place.
Our community received domestic water systems in 2020.
Shillong, March 22: The Dorbar Shnong Pommura on the 18th of this month has lodged a complaint at Mawryngkneng Police Station regarding the death of fish, fish, fish and others due to the robbery of robbers in the river. Saitthly.
On the MDC election, he said the party has not yet taken a decision on this issue and the scrutiny of those who have applied for tickets from the VPP is ongoing.
“Even Indira Gandhi, the leader of the world, recognized Bah BB Lyngdoh as a small man but a man of intelligence and standing on the ground,” she said. Mr. Syrpai.
He said this after Nongkrem MLA Bah Lambor Malngiang called attention to the Assam border crossing in the village.
“The whole reason is because of the lack of attention of the Principal.
There has been discrimination, corruption, discrimination against the poor, which has destroyed hope for the future of the country and the nation.
The reason for the name of the Sixth Schedule is because the 6th Schedule is an addition to the Articles of the Constitution of India.
They threatened that if the District Council does not do anything, they will not hesitate to approach other authorities above the government and the law.
Shillong: The second border talks between Meghalaya and Assam will continue in June.
Shillong, Naitung 28: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma on Tuesday appealed to all the people of the state to give their support to Juliana T Kurbah, who has reached the final of the ' Dance India Dance – Super Moms' is a dance competition which will be broadcast on Zee TV every Saturday and Sunday at 9:00 pm.
This issue is very serious, because it affects the health of the people of the State and the State Government, should take immediate action, before it becomes difficult for us. The spread of the disease throughout the Khasi Hills.
On the other hand, the Union leaders said that there are Government offices which are not staffed even during the working hours from 10:00 am to 4:00 pm. office working until noon and leave only after a while although the Government has paid them a salary to work every day and the scheduled time which has affected their income. The state government especially in the district of Ri-Bhoi which is known as the aspirational district.
Singh said the Assam police have offered a reward of T.5 lakh for the arrest of those involved in the shooting death of six Assam policemen on 26th November.
On the 15th of October, three Masi worth T. 64,200/- were seized from Hawaitilla BOP.
There was also a short presentation on environmental protection with the participation of the residents of Kpermynsieh.
“This government has been in power for the last five years but it has not done anything besides that there is no Medical College, no adequate roads, no adequate health centers and no development. Mamata also accused the Congress party of failing to fulfill its duty as the opposition party. “The Congress party asks for the support of the voters but what is the support of the voters? you didn't do it.
The awards were presented by S Buam Officer, Umkiang Police Patrol Post, Symbud Pala, Waheh Shnong Umkiang and Deiwipaya Tongper, President STIEH. The National Commission for Women in collaboration with the National Commission for Women (NCWW) has conducted a training on the law and women's rights at Namdong B on Friday.
This happened on Friday afternoon.
There are reports that some of them have gone to live in the forest, some have been locked up in their homes, because they have left the village to travel abroad and these are just a few examples, but they are still There are many cases of harassment of the people on various grounds and all these acts are illegal and should not be allowed by the government authorities.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) today said that it has clarified the government's announcement regarding the payment of arrears for SSA teachers. state.
He said that the electricity department is taking measures to resolve the issue as soon as possible.
In every event there are losses, there are also gains, so we can say that this event that is happening these days in the world, in our country and state has impacts on employment, livelihoods, education and other sectors.
Kyllang Thongni and Pusterwell Disiar, who injured Kynpham Syiem, brother of PN Syiem, CEM Khasi District Council, surrendered to the police last night. of Wednesday.
The report will be submitted to the House in April this year.
Secretary, Ayush, Vaidya Rajesh Kotecha; Vice Chancellor of Northeast Hill University (NEHU), Prof PS Shukla; Joint Secretary, Tnat Ayush, BK Singh; The program started with the lighting of the light followed by a welcome speech by Dr. Neeta Mahesekar, Director, NEIAH. NEIAH has increased in the past year by providing treatment to more than 57,000 people in both Ayurveda and Homeopathy along with the implementation of a research project worth T.1.42 crore. from the Ministry of Ayush, on the disease of anemia.
After the officials of the company lodged a complaint with the Khliehriat PS , but this morning the residents of Chiruphi came out to close the main gate of the dewbilat company and demanded that the company They also demanded that the company should withdraw its police complaint against the Rangbah Shnong and other residents.
The price of diesel rose to Rs 83.47 per liter on Tuesday.
It has held various concerts in the past years and this time too the Chutwakhu Social Welfare Local Dorbar through the Music Committee which is one of the departments of the village will hold a musical concert. The musical concert will be held on the 10th July 2019 at Chutwakhu Indoor Sports Hall Cum Auditorium, Jrisalein Jowai from 6 PM. The participants of this day will be only the music groups from Jowai, the village invites all those who like music. Please come and encourage our youngsters who have this special talent, there will be 11 famous bands in Jowai who will perform with many songs. Rock, Alternative Rock, RnB, Pop, Nu Metal, Funk, Soul, Experimental, Blues, Reggae and other genres.
Not only that at the Vintage Inn we can also see a house built like a bus that used to operate in Shillong decades ago.
The opening ceremony was also attended by leaders of various political parties including the JSU led by the President, Samla Jersom Shylla, President of the Jaintia Students Movement, Bah LS Rymbai. , President of STIEH, Bah Mac Meral Suting, President of STIEH, Kong Deiwi Tongper and others. They were MLA Kyrmen Shylla, Deputy CEM Lasky Rymbai, MDC Khliehriat, Finelyness Bareh and others.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Defense Minister Amit Shah will arrive in Shillong to inaugurate the ceremony, which will be held at Raj Bhavan, Shillong.
The song was composed by Ram Suchiang and the record and mix was produced by R. Suchiang's company, Music & Art Recording Studio.
They are also very good at growing jhur, like others in Bhoirymbong and Umroi, and export to Shillong and Assam or other places like Sying.
In India, there is no such rule or practice, except for Dr Neelam Sanjiva Reddy who resigned from the political party after being elected as the Speaker and insisted that the Speaker is to be free.
“Until the top leaders have announced the date of the National Presidential election, we cannot hold the election.
Until now, the residents of the village said that they have not received any information from the Syiem who is the Acting Sordar of the village and they have not been informed but suddenly they have received information that Bah Ngen Khongshei has been arrested. He also elected new members of the Vigilance Committee and then the committee elected Bah Hem Khongrymmai as the ration distributor (Dealer).
The year 2020 will be a wonderful and completely different year from all the years that have passed, without remembering the years 1010, 1111, 1212, 1313, 1414, 1515, 1616, 1717, 1818, every 101 years).
In 2018, he led the school to the Inter-School Goethals Cup, Darjeeling and was named Best Player of the Tournament.
The new office bearers of the FKJGP Lower Mawpud Unit are Lombis Wanniang, Vice President Banri Nongrum, General Secretary Wanbiangbor Wanniang, Asst Secretary Jeryson K. Wanniang and Public Information Secretary Pynthynmaibor K. Wanniang. , Treasurer Newyearson K. Lartang, Advisor Aiborlang Waniang, and members include Wankduplang Wanniang, Iaipeitlang Wanniang, Firstracson Nonglong, Pynbhalang Wanniang, Kyrpadlang K. Nonglong, Honeson Mawphew and Hynriew Waniang. three others.
PMGKAY rice to NFSA (AAY & PHH) households, 5 kilos per head and ata, 5 kilos per card in urban and rural areas, 3 kilos per card, at the price of long T.10.50 per kg.
Regarding the disappearance of the deceased, the family members of the deceased have lodged a complaint with the Khanapara Police Station, so that the police can take the necessary action and especially to help me find the old man.
The semi final of the 2nd Division will be played between Phudbyrnei SC and Wahlyngkien SC at 12 noon, while in the 1st Division, Nongspung SC will face Umkseh SC at 12 noon. 2 o'clock in the morning.
The state government has joined hands with the KPC Group from Kolkata to build the Shillong Medical College through a Public-Private-Partnership (PPP).
The government authorities should think carefully about this lest they be punished by God for the insult to the righteous.
Shillong, June 24: The Raid Mawlam dance has been canceled yesterday due to heavy rain and heavy thunderstorms.
"It's nice," said Kni.
“The government will select those villages and places where we will meet the farmers to take them back to meet the buyers face to face,” said Sobhapandit.
Not only they, but the Spirit of God also intercedes with them.
Speaking before the team, Bibiano Fernandes said, “We have a good time in Spain and Germany, and all the players have been able to take part against the best teams from these two countries. .
The Shillong and Mawpat mountains are covered with snow.
According to the Uttar Pradesh police complaint, about four farmers were hit by an SUV in which Ashish Mishtra was sitting.
“At present, we cannot say whether the Bill passed by the KHADC has any purpose or not.
Your willingness to donate one or two rupees is very important as a sign of cooperation to improve health.
In the second leg of the Group D match, Wasa FC beat Warima Youth Club 3-1 in Group D. Mawten SC beat Mawten SC 1-0 in the Group C match at Mawkyrwat.
Explaining on this decision, Babu Andrew Lyngkhoi, Secretary FASTOM, said that after meeting with Bah DP Wahlang, they will take this decision.
Vivek was promoted as Assistant Inspector General (Law & Order) before the elections and has now taken over the post of SP (City) from Ringrang TG Momin.
We are mourning the passing away of Kong Spility Lyngdoh Langrin, a brave woman who stood firm without fear against the mining of uranium in Domiasiat.
Pleng should still be born the savior(s) of this nation.
It is worth mentioning that the construction of the Umpling Bridge to a double lane has been underway for about three years.
This song is about the story of those who have traveled far away from home in order to fulfill their dreams.
“In the past, in the 1970s, we found that the water from Wah Um Market was clean but it was after the quarrying of shyiap that it became dirty. “It's for this reason that we have to treat chemicals with Aluminum Sulphate, there is no other way, it's for this reason that the people get clean water,” said Bah. S.K SunThe reporters asked the Engineers of PHE whether the water contaminated with chemicals has affected the health of the people.
I want to do the same thing.
“On this occasion, the Superintendent of Fisheries, H. Papang, Assistant Commissioner, Food Safety, DBS Mukhim and others were present.
He said that if both the MPs of Meghalaya are against the CAB, the state may appeal against the Bill to other authorities of the world.
Nongpoh, Nailur, 25: Several persons suspected of being involved in the smuggling of petrol and diesel on the National Highway-6 in Ri Bhoi, have been arrested by the police. Police have received a tip from the intelligence agencies that there is a smuggling of petrol and diesel.
Condemning Ronie's remarks, BJYM President Egenstar Kurkalang said that Ronie's remarks show that he is not yet qualified to be a government minister. to resign from office.
On this basis, with a sense of sorrow, the arseng met and urged the head of the department, Bah Tariang, to put up a signboard in Khasi (Multi-Lingual) and the rest sheet. The interview should also be translated into Khasi so that the license applicants can be arrested quickly during the interview and also to take part in avoiding the theft of their precious time especially those who and they came from far away.
Mawkyrwat, July 30: The District Sports Officer, Mawkyrwat today resumed the 2013 Inter-School Football Tournament. Cup Football Tournament 2022 at Pynden-Iewlyngdoh Stadium, Nonglang.
Various agencies that help manage and distribute relief supplies to the city released footage of the incident that day, showing bodies wrapped in white wrappings and They were placed in an open area in front of the hospital after they were pronounced dead.
“In this 11th Five Year Plan, we have established three Indian Institutes of Science Education and Research across the country.
Nongstoin, July 3: U coal which has been stocked lyngktar in Shahlang due to the lack of coal market and the price hike, has been transported and sold in the past few days due to the sudden turn of the owners from Assam to come and buy from the owners of coal at a reasonable price.
She said that the HNLC members should surrender to the government to return to their country for the sake of peace and building the nation.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Khasi National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) on Tuesday said that the statement by BJP National General Secretary Rituraj Sinha that the Inner Line Permit (ILP) will affect tourism is wrong.
It is also worth mentioning that the Meghalaya High Court has been involved in the construction of the Umroi Airport. and to complete the airport as soon as possible.
The meeting also rejected the decision of the Meghalaya High Court to issue the rules to the Rangbah Shnongs and decided on the 13th of this month to support the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) The Supreme Court has filed a Special Leave Petition (SLP) for this purpose.
According to one of the family members, the man had been suffering from rheumatism in the past few months and he suffered severely on Tuesday night at 3 pm. On Friday morning, the family members called 108 to take the man to hospital.
He also recalled that Syiem Sibsing did not sign the Instrument of Accession before the Hima Dorbar and for this reason he was arrested in the middle of the road while he was on his way to church. in Markasa village because the British troops still thought that he had fled and after providing everything on 19th June 1948 he signed the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement.
Jowai, July 27 : The two-day Skill Mela organized by the Meghalaya State Skills Development Society (MSDA) was inaugurated today by Wailadmiki Shylla, MLA from Jowai Constituency. Mr. Govt.
Asaram reportedly used drugs to strengthen himself in raping women, said court witness Rahul K Sachar, who is also a close follower of Asaram.
Thus those who are resurrected in that first resurrection will share and rule with Jesus Christ for 1000 years on this earth.
“I have been sitting at home for 2 months without a job and I don't know how to feed my children,” he said.
He said that there are some factories where the department has cut off the electricity due to their inability to follow the directives of the electricity department and other factories should also understand that they may be cut off electricity. if you don't pay for electricity.
From the very beginning there has been a struggle for the recognition of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
All this was implemented in consultation with the 23 presidents and authorities of those areas under the 19 South Shillong Mandal.
Besides the famous Irish singer, Bah Lyngdoh said that other talented musicians who will take part in the festival include Jonas. Blue, Pink Panda, Hybrid Theory and Kenny Musk.
He said that as a human being, he puts humanity before others and he will fight to resolve the issue between the Pynjabi and the state government.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MLA of the VPP from North Shillong, today spoke in Khasi in the Legislative Assembly, to express his dissatisfaction with the speech of the Governor in Hindi and as well as his failure to speak or read all the matters of the government.
After work, her father took her to Sundawn Restaurant in Jaiaw and there they both ate beef.
The Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, who was the Chief Guest at the meeting, hoisted the tricolor flag of India as a sign that the citizens of the State have been allowed to carry the flag. The tricolor flag of India will be held at home until the Independence Day of India on the 15th of this month.
On the other hand, the VPP leaders said that the appointment of Chairman has been a waste of public money.
Speaking to reporters, Vivek Syiem SP (City) said that according to case 239 registered at Laitumkhrah PS on 24th November, 2016 and later. Julius, who left Shillong on 27th November, was found to have fled the scene and police raided many places to arrest him but after about 11 days, police arrested him. and ISBT, Guwahati.
In another incident, police together with the Magistrate, seized seven coal trucks (AS-01JC-2901, AS-01HC-0729, AS-01HC-1 , ML-04C-6525, AS-01DD-0098 and AS-01AC-1178 from Nongtraw, Umroi Umdohbyrthit and Pyllun villages (RB).
During their visit, the delegates will have the opportunity to visit the National War Memorial and the Prime Minister's Sangrahalya Museum in New Delhi.
If this continues from time to time, we will have to come forward to fight with the police,” said Laloo.
Now many of the deceased SYNTIEW who have contributed to the writing of literature are our PARARI who still call John Robert the same title as the FATHER OF KHASI LITERATURE. It is the month in which this great Missionary died and was buried in RI KHASI.
Nongstoiñ: Two women have lost their lives after drowning in the Mawsiar River in West Khasi Hills.
There was no rainfall yesterday and today in Sohra.
In this regard, the state government under the leadership of Conrad K. Sangma as the Chief Minister, has worked hard to bring many benefits to various sports as part of encouraging and promoting the sports. The youth of the State to continue to develop themselves in the field of sports.
Sangma also protested, he had the intention to consider the amendment by submitting a draft but at that time it was postponed, but he agreed, he did not need the amendment but he said. “It has been put forward and suspended since those times and if the government looks for it, it will get it,” he said.
This is a great victory for the East Jaintia Hills Police for demanding money from the owner of Nongkhlieh area along with a terrible threat. The Pnar United Army, which has accepted by the author of the letter, claims that they are a Mafia group because of the NGT.
She said that the donation of T2 lakh by Bah Nidamon Chullet for the Covid Relief Fund during the Covid-19 pandemic shows that he is a person close to the Prime Minister. .
In the women's tug of war, Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat won the women's tug of war.
From these times until the 1970s, Motphran was still covered with beautiful colors and flowers.
In this regard, the office has already taken steps to disseminate information through various media to assist and support part-time school leavers between the ages of 16-19 years (up to class XII). ) to enroll through NIOS. There are 942 part-time graduates who will enter the NIOS training centres.
Goyal said they have requested the Deputy Commissioners of the border areas to talk to the mobile operators to end their network only within the Bangladesh border.
The 1st Division Football Tournament for the Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy was held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Ladthadlaboh, Jowai.
Doesn't the court know? It is sad to see that this writer says that the Dkhars will survive when the recruitment quota is changed.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Conrad Sangma praised the Meghashakti Commandos Warriors, and said that the Government has worked hard to provide the necessary facilities for the Police Department to bring peace and stability in the State.
Local authorities and police of the SDRF team have been deployed in many areas for flood relief and rescue operations.
However, what we see is that the celebration of this day has become merely a ritual.
The main reason why this area has been left behind is that the former MLAs and MDCs have not taken care, have not worked hard to bring development to this area and the people of this area have not understood. , respect and appreciate the development of the area by electing the same MLA and MDC, who do not need anything to bring about the development of the area.
The CSWO does not understand why the police in Tura have arrested these women in the evening after they conducted a medical examination on 8th June 2014 and were allowed to leave. They were stripped of their clothes the next day by a policewoman, Janice Sangma, with the help of men who looked after and covered the clothes of these women to take pictures which humiliated them.
T.39,680 was paid to Red FM on 4th June, 2016 through check no.
Besides the Minister and MLA Nongpoh, those who attended the function included FR Kharkongor, Commissioner & Secretary, Textile Department, Balajied Ranee MDC Nongpoh, RM Kurbah, Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District; Paiem Wanphrang Syiem, Sirdar of Nongpoh Sirdarship, Paiem Vincent Syiem of Raid Nongtluh, officers from various government departments and elders of the area.
There are 980 borrowers who have deposited more than Rs 100 crore each, which have been forgiven by banks, according to the Reserve Bank of India. The three parts belong to the State Bank of India.
In this regard, he said the government has asked the World Bank to send companies with expertise on how to prepare the plan so that the project can be a success.
There are 31 new cases and they are undergoing treatment at the Regional Institute of Medical Science (RIMS), Imphal.
The VDPs of Lulong and Puriang express their gratitude to the police of Mawryngkneng Police Station who are willing to join hands with the VDP to curb crime, said a statement from Bah J. Nongrum President VDP Lulong Puriang.
After receiving a tip-off about the drug traffickers, police conducted a search operation and arrested three persons involved in the transportation of the drugs.
He said that schools run by religious groups should not have a School Management Committee and therefore, he demanded that the state government should not allow the Managing Committee to function as before.
The Holy Mass was consecrated by Lyng Dohsad Dominic Jala SDB and during his sermon to the faithful he said, “We rejoice with the Umktieh Church in this celebration of its Jubilee. This is the 50th Anniversary of the Parish Mawbri "“This is a day that reminds us of the arrival of the wise men from the East to worship the Lord Jesus Christ. by the guidance of the Star" he added.
At the same time, the HYC WKH has questioned the East Jaintia Hills Police Department whether they have been led by TOPCEM until they have not been able to shoot and bomb the protesters who are protesting for the environment and the interests of the people. the owner of the village.
“The 2023 elections have been blowing well in the state and the NPP will win alone,” he said.
Referring to the lack of peace and order in Lum Garo, Ma Shibun said that the party will not support the Congress led by the Congress. “The peace and stability in the state has turned from bad to worse, I don't blame the government but I hope that it will take the necessary measures to restore peace in Lum Garo,” said Ma Shibun.
It is clear that this conference resonates with India’s story, which further reinforces Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s statement that ‘When India progresses, the whole world progresses; when India changes, the world changes’.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28 : The General Secretary of the KHNAM, Bah James MA Neng, today said that the KHNAM has already set up an Election Committee (EC) to prepare for the election of the candidates. for the upcoming MDC elections.
They include two BSF personnel, one soldier and 16 civilians.
Everyone faces this problem in life and the only desire is how to find treatment to avoid further blood loss.
We humans here on earth are not exempt from medical check up.
If all the MLAs and MDCs of the UDP are willing to demand that the ilp should be implemented , hopefully it will increase because all the people want the ilp law to protect the 7trep people , if they are not willing then the people will know better .
It is still unknown where they were abducted.
KSU Laban Circle President Samla Reuben Najiar said that the number of foreigners illegally staying in Maxwelton Estate has increased but even after the KSU has lodged a complaint with them, The Government has not been able to stop it but the Government has been silent.
Speaking to reporters, Ricky Shullai said that he is no longer a surprise in politics as he has been with his mother (Sanbor) since he was a child until today. .
Shillong, Jymmang 06 : Up to 66 students from Meghalaya, who are studying in various institutions in Imphal, Manipur, arrived safely at Lokpriya today. Gopinath Bordoloi International Airport is located in Guwahati.
Not only that, there is also the concern of many of the residents, because the line, will destroy all the 7 drinking water wells, which supply the residents of the village and distribute water. also to Pomshutia and Lapalang, which are near Mawshun.
He added that the vacancies have been left unfilled and many of the police stations in the state are short of staff.
“I believe that God has a purpose, He has a purpose for our country.
“If the health center in the city is like this, imagine what is the situation of those in the rural areas,” said the UDp MLA.
I support the statement of HANM regarding the work in our state we see many changes when we look at the actions of the present government.
Speaking as the chief guest, Minister of State Kyrmen Shylla said that our independence is the result of Kiang Nangbah's sacrifice for the sake of the country and the nation by fighting against the British Government for its destruction of our culture and traditions. .
According to the order issued on 14th July, 2021, the Deputy Commissioner's Office has issued a strong warning to the residents especially the shopkeepers and taxi drivers that if they do not They will not be able to sit or open shops and taxi drivers will not be able to earn money every day.
The match on the 6th of November will be between 7 Wasa United and Nangbah Mulang at 2 pm.
The CEC office bearers were elected under the leadership of Sambormi Lyngdoh as President and Wanshwa Suting as General Secretary.
Rupang spoke to Mike Sohtun, Rangbah Shnong of Rngi Shyllong, who expressed his concern over the deterioration of the road.
Badariti Lyngdoh Nonglait President of the HSPDP Women Wing Central Body said that many leaders these days criticize that the leadership of (L) Maieit Hopingstone Lyngdoh is unacceptable. for since he became a leader he did not betray him until he died.
Three persons were injured in the shooting in Them Metor, while six persons were injured in the shooting in front of the police tonight.
The new cases include EKH: 34, NGH: 1, RBD: 6, WJH: 10 and WKH:
Conrad was speaking at the election campaign in Garo Hills today.
Noting that the main reasons are the problems he sees in the constituency as farmers and day laborers, he said, “This is the reason why I came forward and found that the There is a shortage of books for the residents of the Constituency whether they are farmers or day laborers.
“The transporters in many blocks have charged 50% of the fee before transporting the goods to the VECs – which has caused delays in the transportation of the goods.
Seventh Day of the Hima Khyrim Ritual Sngi Rynghep: On the day of Rynghep, in the month to begin the ritual, the Syiem Sad puts a pdem jyndem (Iad Um) in the shang, to be used in the ritual.
Dame Syih (79) and Salseng Sangma (foul) scored the second goal for Nangkiew in the 85th minute.
The Government intends to send these candidates to complete the Diploma in Elementary Education (D.El.
However, the challenges ahead remain, and for that we are trying to strengthen the department in charge of peace and order in the state," the DGP told reporters. news at the meeting of SPs and Commanders.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that the number of nurses in the State is too large to employ them. it will also be an opportunity for them to get jobs to work in other States or countries, if they are willing to go.
“The doctors at NEIGRIHMS said that the thyrnia did not stay there and started spreading everywhere and so they decided to remove it,” he said.
Therefore, why do you, my brothers and sisters, follow blindly? It is a great shame that even those who hold power in the KHADC and JHADC have held positions that they should not hold.
Preparations for the Lok Sabha elections have started and at present, attention has been paid to the provision of the voter list as well as the provision and monitoring of electronic voting. car).
“But without faith it is impossible to please him; for he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him" (Hebrews 11:6).
I will do my best to improve health facilities for women especially in rural areas," she said.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah's statement shows that Meghalaya has already refused to talk to Assam, and if it is in this form, that will be the handover of the government's list of names in Now the question is, how will Meghalaya talk to Assam on Block-II and Block-I when it no longer falls under Meghalaya? Meghalaya shall not return those lands which Meghalaya does not want, nor shall it exchange anything else for Assam to give these lands which Meghalaya does not want.
He said that as a family, they give physical and spiritual support to his son to fulfill what Bah HDR wants for the people.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
The Anti-Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) on Tuesday seized drugs and arrested suspected traffickers.
He expressed his gratitude to the College and called upon the students who have passed well and others, “You must discover the difference in you in order to grow.
The purpose of the NPP is to strengthen the party's presence across the constituencies in the state.
On the other hand, the UDP said that the government has extended the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) without any grounds despite the opposition of many people of the state.
The Chief Minister's District Level Inter School Athletic Meet, 2023 will be held on the 26th, 27th and 28th of June at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
In the first leg of the tournament, Jakrem SC beat Rangblang Pombriew Sports Club 3-1 goals.
In the past few days, China has alleged that the Pokhara International Airport was built through the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI) and it is also surprising to hear this.
Recently, in a meeting with Bah Soren Khongsit, he explained how the word “ki kher ki mer” came into being.
On the other hand, Dr. Anisha Mawlong, HOD, Radiation Oncology Department, Civil Hospital Shillong, gave a more detailed explanation on the progress of the state in the fight against tuberculosis.
Shillong, Lber 29: The Union Minister of State for Human Resource Development (HRD) Smriti Irani has criticized the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the education department, Dr Roytre C Laloo for the lack of performance of the education department. government to meet the financial needs associated with government-provided education.
Referring to the RTI received by Disparsing Rani, Kasparlin Iawphniaw said that Disparsing Rani has received through the RTI that the Government of India has already spent Rs 43 crore. What has surprised the Emergency Contractual Workers is that the Government has not been able to pay their salaries.
The accused have been sent to the team in Pune for investigation, a statement sent by the investigation team said.
Jowai, Jymmang 9: The Dorbar Shnong of Mowkaiaw village in West Jaintia Hills District has attacked and robbed the farms of three families including one from Mowkaiaw village and one from Kyrwen village.
It is to be recalled that the Government has improved the milk production in the state by laying hands on the establishment of the Milk Mission and on this basis the Milk Processing Center has been set up at Mawiong. up to 50000 liters.
Shillong, Nailur, 30: The Tourism Department of the State Government has awarded the Tourism Promoter Trekking Society (TPTS) Wahkhen, the group that has taken the lead in promoting Mawryngkhang as a tourist destination in Wahkhen. They built a footpath with siej in the middle of the night to distribute the road to Mawryngkhang.
The district administration has invited all bike riders to arrive at Jowai Police Station at 7 pm to register and collect the slips for fuel. .
The 16-year-old from Shillong has become the first Indian player to play in the British F4 Rookie class. The FIA-certified F4 single-seater motorsports series will feature about 30 events at 10 venues in the UK, said Anmol Rampol, Director, Marketing Musketeers.
This year, 23 schools have participated in the U-14, U-16 and U-18 categories and the sports include running, discus throw, javelin throw, shot put, high jump and long jump.
At the same time, Ms Kharbangar said that in Meghalaya according to the directive of the Government of India from Delhi through the Supreme Court, there is a need for 432 specialist teachers at all levels. we don't have such people.
So both “passed on one side” because they did not want to defile themselves.
However, the sad thing is that we the people have elected blindly without proper consideration, we have made idols of those who cannot give money, give drugs during the elections, we have elected the leaders who make money in the assembly, There are leaders who can make laws, because there are money-makers who are like a thlong in the Legislative Assembly who just sit there, just spectators while other leaders take part. to discuss the issues of the people of the state in the Dorbar.
Because you are not a pop.
Self-sufficiency in income brings confidence to women.
Nongpoh: Police and Magistrates of Ri Bhoi District today rushed to the University of Science Technology, Meghalaya, Killing, Ri Bhoi, due to a clash and misunderstanding. between Garo students and students from Arunachal Pradesh, who are studying at the University.
Responsible : you mean responsibility, responsibility is not responsible for your body or soul; khia is the strongest weight to carry or throw; The head is the mind, but the responsibility is to be willing to leave anything behind.
Moving the motion, Bah Bright said that the Police have misused their powers and have not followed the rules and regulations of the Police, until the protesters They were bombed and tied, including women.
The match tomorrow 04th November will be between Dulong SC and Demthring SC at 2 pm.
He also needed all five wickets in the second innings to take 10 wickets in the third match.
“It's because you're a friend,” said the father.
At the end the Holy Father will give a blessing to the City and the Earth (Urbi et Orbi), which is united with the peace of the world.
He urged the various groups to take seriously all the exercises and to test themselves how prepared the State is to deal with such incidents.
According to the complaint, the names of the people whose house was broken into on the night of 14th January have been revealed.
What do they see? They see dividing cells and are surprised – they say this blood is still alive.
Furthermore, the rawon demanded that all the ticket fees should be returned at the price of T.2000/- each, but the authorities refused. They hesitated to return the money while the rawon were waiting at the scene until evening.
Khliehriat, March 10: The 1st Division Football Tournament of the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) was held on Tuesday at Deinchynrum Stadium, Khliehriat.
Various programs such as Ujala, Perform, Achieve and Trade (PAT), Star Rating for Equipment and Energy Saving Certificates have contributed to the shortfall of 159 million tonnes per annum. in C02 production.
He showed the documents that the District Council has authorized the construction of the gate and it was seen that the gate was operated by a person whose name is unknown. L Dkhar, resident of Upper Nongrim Hills, Shillong.
The disinfectant distribution was also funded by Bah Sosthenes Sohtun MLA Jirang and CMJ Breweries Byrnihat, as well as the Meghalaya Fire Emergency Service Nongpoh.
He said that truck drivers have to pay up to T.20,000 per trip at the toll gates from West Khasi Hills to Ribhoi District just to unload their goods.
There is no shyngiar, umpohliew, pung, wahduid or wahbah in the areas where there are only hills and syllen without forests.
The meeting was conducted by the Additional Deputy Commissioner, G. Warjri in the presence of the Environmental Engineer, YF Laloo.
Although the “Ginin Ïaikynjoh Music School Ranthong” has not been established for a year, it has been established under the theme “Try now, ban Nangkiew ha ka Lashai " was indeed a good example of the development of talented people who have been blessed by God in which about 17 people participated and This is the first time for them to hold such a competition.
It is a great loss to Langsning FC and football in the state.
Regarding the MP candidates, many have emerged and the party will conduct a hearing, collect information from the constituencies and districts and after that, the candidate will be announced.
“On what basis has the VPP issued this statement.
During the meeting, the Manager of the company promised to take action on the complaint of the Seng for the sake of the people.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Revenue, Dr RC Laloo said that the draft Meghalaya Right to Fair Compensation and Transparency The Government will issue a public notice for consultation within 30 days and after that, the Government will take a final decision.
The Santosh Trophy has come to an end after a goalless draw against Goa at the Golden Jubilee Stadium in Itanagar on Tuesday.
It is on this basis that the Prime Minister, Vishwanath Pratap Singh, announced on 22.1.90 the World Literacy Year in India.
The Durbar Shnong Barato has lodged an FIR against the suspect from Maitdeiñ and the police have arrested the suspect and taken the vehicle to the police station.
Nongstoin, Naitung 21: The Congress party in the three constituencies of Mawshynrut, Rambrai Jyrngam and Nongstoin has no longer been discussed. until the party is over.
Speaking to reporters, Jitendra Singh said that the success of the opening of the Cane and Bamboo Technology Park is due to the wise leadership of Narendra Modi as the Prime Minister of the country. There is also a desire to revive and promote the production of different products through siej.
This comes after the state government has imposed a curfew across the state to curb the spread of Convid-19 in the state.
An AK-56 rifle, an AK Rifle, 19 rounds of 7.62 mm rounds of ammunition, a Bajaj Platina bike, an unnumbered helmet, five rounds of 7.62 rounds of ammunition were also recovered from the scene. mm and a further 21 empty rounds of 9 mm ammunition.
He said the discussion on the streets itself has no meaning because even if there is any decision taken, “We cannot include it in the VAB and it will end up on the streets,” he said.
Elections were held and the reward was won.
It may be recalled that at one of the election campaign rallies held recently for the MLA elections in Sohiong Constituency, Prestone announced that there will be a change in the political situation before the 7th. However, when asked about the PDF MLAs, Prestone declined to comment. The NPP has said that it cannot answer that, but the change will be seen in these dates.
But the task of going to Delhi is not easy at this time.
In the incident, a 20-year-old youth, who has a mental illness, took a knife and stabbed his mother in the house.
Speaking at the meeting, Sangma said it is necessary to have its own judiciary for the district, so that all the work related to the judiciary in the district can go smoothly. walk slowly.
In the first leg, Dangri Phawa scored the second goal for Pasyih Youth Cultural 2-1 in the 18th and 67th minutes. Ianeh Phawa scored the third goal in the 49th minute.
In this field of thma-ktien, the two chess players, Kong, Bah and another new player from the list of four, Dr. Ricky Synkon of the PRAH group, will compete for the title. First, Second, Hall.
The Khasi Students Union (NEHU) Shillong on Friday sent a petition to the Vice Chancellor of NEHU Shillong to explain the lack of information on the website of NEHU as directed by the NEHU. University Grant Commission (UGC) so that students can choose the institutions across India according to their wishes.
But one thing I tell you, wealth can do all these things, but it is also a destroyer, and a traitor to us once a day.
Replying to this, Parshottam Rupala said, “The Department of Animal Husbandry and Dairying, Government of India is aware of the outbreak of Lumpy Skin Disease (LSD) in the country.
At least three people were injured in a car bomb blast in Manipur on Tuesday during the two-month unrest in Manipur, officials said. you are the source of news.
Shillong, Lber 12: The purpose of the Digital Land Record Modernization Program (DLRMP) is to prepare Cadastral Maps of the plots of the KHADC through the EM in charge of Land, Bah Teibor Pathaw. land for each village and to show the boundaries.
As Iawmusiang, which is the headquarters of Jowai, he said that the UDP will oppose to find ways and means through State schemes to complete Iawmusiang. it is because of a lack of understanding.
The Mini-Secretariat is a suitable place for us to express our feelings and opinions.
Also, as mandated by law, banks will not be allowed to reject loan applications by indigenous citizens.
After this, the Minister will return to Agartala and visit the Vikas Tirth – the Agartala-Bangladesh railway project, and other projects.
The union has also taken this step against Topcem Cement, after on 24th July 2023 many Longkmie and civilians were bombed and shot dead by the police. The Public Hearing was held on the occasion of the Public Hearing held on that day.
The presence of the Lawkyntang has also helped to irrigate the fields of the nearby villages.
On Tuesday, the FKJGP visited many workplaces in Mawkhar circle and found that many of the workers are foreigners.
Now I am coming to lay the foundation stone, I will come back after 2018 here and I will see the development of the area through the existence of this market,” he said.
At present, the group has about twenty active members.
"A harsh voice is like the sword of war, but a soft voice makes even the animal smile.
On the other hand, we see that the money or income we have saved throughout the year is wasted during these seasons because many of the more special purchases are made during this period.
This comes after the player scored a 6-3, 7-5 victory over Spain's Roberto Bautista Agut.
If we want to see a hopeful future, the time has come for us to give the opportunity to the youngsters who intend to compete in this election in June
Why do you call your license ? Laisnem, in the Pnar language, means the family of the same family, children, brothers, sisters, brothers and sisters and so on.
It is also here that we remember that the Word of God says – that Jesus is God because he is the Son of God, who was from the beginning in heaven with God.
He said that MUDA can only look after the cleanliness of the area and not interfere with the construction works and that the government has implemented the Act without the permission of the District Council. - The Jaintia District Committee Act, 1960 shall apply to all areas of the City of Shillong under the jurisdiction of the District Council.
“They don't respond to my writings once, they send me to support their candidate,” said the Pastor, criticizing the UDP. The incumbent MDC, Pastor, said “Help the parties that support me” which means that he will only help KHNAM, HSPDP, in the upcoming MDC elections.
The next day, on the 12th of this month, they were brought before the Chief Judicial Magistrate, Jowai Court.
On the first day, Sutnga SSCC will play against Rymbai Iawpynsin SC at 12 noon.
Trump said this himself on Twitter.
Ltd. which is the owner of the toll gate from NHAI to collect revenue.
It was also found that some of the village roads have been cleaned through this 100 days scheme which has been a great blessing to the villagers.
Shillong: Following a complaint from the public, the KSU Lapangap Unit, today inspected the Lapangap Government LP School, where it found the facts and immediately lodged a complaint with the office of the Lapangap LP School. The District School Education Officer (DSEO) Jowai, today.
The most surprising thing about this village is that all the households here now plant and cultivate the famous Lakadong shynrai, and this has happened because of the new method of saindur and the hard work of one woman, who shows a good example and a pioneer.
He said that it was at that time that he would reach around and help his people and also by participating in the football associations of Shillong and the State.
He said the Minister has clarified that many of these Labor Inspectors are still under training and have not yet started working but will soon start their work once the training is completed.
The implementation of these schemes is in the villages and districts, which are located at a distance of 50 kilometers from the mining site.
Shillong: Members and leaders of the BJP today held a bomb attack at the BJP office in Shillong to celebrate the victory of the BJP in the country.
Besides, they also discussed the opening of more trade routes with Bangladesh in the state.
The State Government has yet to review the order issued by the Supreme Court which has ruled that the Diploma in Elementary Education (D.El.
The Army Public School Umroi Military Station has taken the initiative to hold the 1st Meghalaya Inter-School Taekwondo Championship 2023 on the 22nd and 23rd of this month at Umroi Military Station.
Shillong: In the Women's Senior One Day Trophy Elite Group E match played in Chennai today, Karnataka, which has many talented players in its squad, has given a lot of training to its players. Meghalaya, although they had to lose to this group in their first season in the Elite Group.
Speaking to the village leaders of the area including the Waheh Shnong, Secretary Shnong, drivers of vehicles who have been severely affected by this deterioration of the road and Sengbhalang groups in one voice decided to continue the blockade while the government and The NHAI has not yet constructed this road.
Shillong, Nailar 28: A delegation of 11 Indians including the Lok Sabha MP from Tura, Union and State Government Ministers and Indian government officials will attend the consecration ceremony of Mother Nailar. Teresa was born in Rome, Italy.
After noticing the movement of a Sumo (ML-07-A-4483), the BSF raided the vehicle and arrested the smugglers. the car near the village of Kachuadogri.
The Government has now encouraged farmers to use organic fertilizers derived from animal eggs, vegetables and fruits which are harmless when using or harvesting crops.
Until now, no government has provided rice at the price of T.3 per kilo.
At first we refused to give, but when we saw that they had thrown sticks at us and threatened to tie us all, we gave our gift and they let us go.
However, he said that since he had not committed any crime or fraud in the past, why should he flee Pakistan?
He said that this is the first time to see that the UDP flag will be hoisted in Mawsynram market and this is a sign of hope to reach the goal of victory through the cooperation and hard work of the UDP. crowd of fans.
If we are mentally strong and healthy, we will have more confidence to face the challenges and challenges that come in life.
Two persons, Wanglangki Phawa (20) and Sankryang Lamin (20), were arrested by the BSF. This is not good and this is what health experts have warned, but this time, there has been a suggestion that we should not sleep with each other until we find out that Theresa Tam said in a statement today.
The District authorities have been ordered to apologize and pay for all the losses of the farmer due to the deterioration of the jhur she had to sell.
Speaking on the performance of the MDA II government, Bah Lyngdoh said that as seen from the budget presented by the Prime Minister, the government has a plan to It is expected that before the end of this term, the Meghalaya government will reach a 10 billion dollar economy.
On the night of 2nd July, four Border Security Force (BSF) personnel were injured in a car accident.
On the 10th July, 1966, Mawsynram received 717.6 laps.
The Datlawakor is another part of the Behdeinkhlam festival held at Pohsawiar.
IV 2023 and the law number EJHD/GENL261/COKE/PT.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah and Minister of PWD (Roads), Prestone Tynsong, on 15th June, has directed the District Administration of East Khasi Hills to lodge a complaint and register a case against the landslide. The incident occurred on 14th June on the Shillong-Dawki road at Rngaiñ near Pynursla.
It means that the earth has not yet ended, but its ages have come to an end, and it is now less than 6000 years which means less than 9 days to God.
This drinking water well is located in Pohkseh Village and the village said that the assistance from the MDC for this well is a great blessing to the residents of this village to get clean and safe drinking water.
Nongpoh: Anshu Kumar, 20, driver of an Ecco, has died in an accident on the 26th of this month. An auto rickshaw driver was seriously injured when he was hit by a truck on his way to Guwahati.
Earlier, Hek said that an agreement has been signed with KPC Medical College and Hospital, Jadavpur for the construction of a medical college through a Public-Private Partnership (PPP) to be built at Reid Provincial Chest Hospital. RPCH), Shillong, and the budget is T.250 crore.
These drugs are estimated to weigh 10.4 kilograms, worth an estimated Rs 31 crore in the foreign market.
Shillong, Nai Tung 10: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District is waiting for a copy of the Supreme Court's order to stop the construction of a bungalow house by Jirang MLA Bah Lambok Mylliem.
Assam police recovered the vehicle the next day from Lakhipur, Cachar, Assam.
The match was postponed on Saturday last month due to heavy rain which flooded the stadium.
Shillong: The Kynshi Bangla Social and Cultural Sports Club (KSCC) will hold a big football tournament in the state on the 24th of July
This pandemic will probably remind many churches in the future how families who have suffered the loss of family members have to carry all the burdens of the family members. Family members cannot visit us when they need us and we have to comfort them only through phone calls.
He said that the duty of the committee is to take care of this issue and to monitor whether the fund will be received from the ministry or from the state government for the purpose of fighting as much as possible. to complete the construction of the polytechnic in Nongstoiñ for the benefit of the residents.
Similarly, regarding the CAA, the BJP has put it in its Manifesto and it is for this reason that even though there is strong opposition across India, the BJP does not listen and continues to move forward.
Regarding the requirements for printing and stationery, the CEM said that about T.10 lakh has been allocated for the printing and stationery and this allocation is also for the release of the amount outstanding to be paid to suppliers or suppliers of necessary goods.
Dr E Lytan, a doctor who is trained in the field of children, was also present at the programme.
Nidamon Chulet, Waheh Shnong of Mynkrem, West Jaintia Hills District, has decided to resign from his post on Tuesday. .
Furthermore, 87 percent of the increase in the MangTynga for women compared to the previous year is due to the increase in the allocation for girls and women by 7 Government departments: They include the Ministry of Home Affairs, the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology, the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy, the Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises, the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas, the Ministry of Drinking Water and Sanitation, and the Ministry of Rural Development. He said that the Ministry of Power and the Ministry of Civil Aviation have submitted information for the first time in the Gender Budget Statement 2024-2
It means that after a year of study I got to class one.
In the second half, Rymbai Iawpynsing SC beat Thangskai Tiger SC 2-1 in the 27th and 36th minutes. Wendy Nongtdu scored the third goal in the 68th minute.
In this regard, the party has also sent a copy to two MLAs of the constituency, Bah Kyrmen Shylla and Kong Santa Mary Shylla who are the leaders of the constituency to comment on this issue. role.
The SDO (civil) also provided emergency assistance with food and other items.
These items, to date, do not require any taxes.
More than 250,000 animals have been slaughtered in Nepal during the two-day Hindu festival, including goats, cows and goats. the Hindu religion.
He said that when the village authorities phoned the health department to come and test the high risk contacts of this woman who died of Covid-19 from Mawbah; However, the health department has directed the village authorities of Mawbah village to provide vehicles and take them to the testing center for testing.
She said the Central Government has allocated Rs 1,23,0000 and Rs 2,20,0000 for the strengthening of PHC sub-centres and diagnostic labs.
The Secretary of the RDA and the President of the HSPDP, Bah KP Panniang, said that the appointment of Bah Robert was a desire to restore the glory of the jaidbynriew in front of the world. this is the mat.
In this world of unemployment, young people should first train themselves to do other jobs so that they can stand on their own feet and become those adults who will have power. to bear the burden of marriage when it is time for them to marry.
Of course, as an organization, when it takes and does such good deeds, it does not mean that it follows or follows anyone, but it is the spirituality of the members, who feel the responsibility to do it. something.
Many of the employees of the Housing Board are not clear about the VRS. According to the Assistant Secretary of the Meghalaya State Housing Board Employees Union (MSHBEU), Bah Teilang Nongsteng, The employees of the Housing Board have not yet commented on the VRS proposed by the government as they have not yet received any letter from the government.
Lari Kupar Jana, 27, resident of Lower Nongrim Hill, was killed in a collision at Pantaloons Fire Brigade on 30th June at 9.50 pm.
“Until now, we have not issued any NOC and we have made it clear that on behalf of the District Council, we stand firm, while we have not received the approval from the Chief Executive Members and the people of the District. yours, your area,” said Mr. Chyne.
“The Congress party has now become like a ship that has almost collapsed in the country and that is why the MLAs and the people have seen that they want a change to join the BJP,” he said. and Mr. Shibun.
“We will ensure that the allocation of funds to the ADCs will be uniform in Meghalaya,” he said.
Luke 17:20-21.
“I don't encourage any party to join the party or to be paid by the party to get power but I want the decision to be made by the people by electing the candidates of the party. Ghar Wapsi is happy,” he said.
Shillong, Nailar 4: The two-day conference of writers from different states of the Eastern Region of India which started on 3rd Nailar, 2017 and was organized by the Sahitya Akademi in collaboration with the IQAC, St. Edmund's College will close on the 4th of July,
He graduated with a MSc Environmental Science degree from NEHU, Shillong.
We have to suffer so that we can make Meghalaya a country with many goals,” he said. He said that Meghalaya has been selected as the Best Start-up Ecosystem in India. Through the JJM scheme, more than 2.5 lakh households have been provided with drinking water by installing 4000 thousand water pipes. in the year
Fortunately, there are few people in Meghalaya who work and read news.
This decision was taken at a meeting of his supporters in Nongstoiñ on Saturday, where there was a discussion on the intention to contest as an Independent Candidate. They have decided to contest the election.
The bullet proof vehicle, which Salman bought, also comes with B6 or B7 Levels of Protection.
The re-election of Bah Wanphrang Syiem Nongshai as the full Sirdar of Nongpoh Sirdarship Elaka comes after the KHADC has issued a notice through the Executive Committee of the KHADC that Pillarstone has been terminated. Syiem Nongshai as Acting Sirdar in accordance with the Act Dt.04.03.2024 in accordance with the provisions of the United Khasi-Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Act
Mawkyrwat, March 30: The Union of Shiliang Um Zone Sepngi (SSSSSUZS) has expressed its gratitude to the youth and teachers who have brought glory to the village. region, they have been able to organize one of the special programs for them.
Therefore, it is difficult to prevent this sexual activity.
When told that it is Tikka, the mother said that we don't need to get tikka anymore because we have already received it since we were children.
According to him, the issue of MPCC President election has affected the party in Meghalaya.
In the first half, Mynthong played well and took the lead 1-0
He has now been forced to leave his current Bundesliga club to join a major Spanish club for 100 million euros ($110 million).
Another T.15 crore has been allocated by the Central Government for the National Rural Drinking Water Program bringing the total to T.100 crore.
The statement of MoSR Gohain in recent months that the construction of the railway line does not affect the infiltration of mynder is merely a rumour.
An AS17 C 7000 bus tried to flee but was caught again at Sumer Umbang.
Tura, March 23: The Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) has used social media to recruit youths to join the armed groups. -bhalang, who prevent youths from joining the rebel group, the report said.
Shillong: The election campaign for the United Democratic Party (UDP) candidate for Mawphlang constituency, Bah Beyond Matthew Kurbah at Nongspung village today turned into a platform to showcase the views of the facts. by the incumbent MLA of Mawphlang, Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh on the great works that his father has done as a leader and also as a lawmaker for the constituency and the state.
The song was produced by Legato Studio with the support of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), while the script was written by the Dymbur group. The lyrics of this song are translated by Prof. Desmond Rimaki Sunn and composed by Cornelius Kharsyntiew.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: After a few days of cleaning, the Upper Shillong Road, which is nearly 3 mer, has collapsed in several places.
That there may be no bloodshed among the people.
Shillong, Naitung 05: The Secretary of Nongspung Hima, Bah Michael Warjri, has lodged a complaint with the Special Secretary of the Hima Department on the allegation that a man from Assam has broken into New Balakhawa village in Ri-Bhoi District and shot dead Morlen. Great.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has strongly criticized the speech of the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma at the Independence Day celebrations in Shillong.
Let us mention some of the verses that are the basis for that struggle, race, and resistance—How can we fight against injustice? Amos proclaimed of righteousness, “But let justice roll forth like a river, and righteousness like an ever-flowing stream” (Amos 5:24).
This may mean that one tree has 40 gear pinions and if so it shows that 10 x 36 times 360 gear pinions.
“The police have informed us that the Prime Minister has been marked by his own people from his own constituency and he is not happy even in his own constituency!” said the party.
Lyngdoh urged the political parties to maintain peace in the state and “if they ask us to come and take part in the mombati ceremony, we will come. school children have lost their full education due to the pandemic, they should allow young people to go to school'
The distribution of COVID-19 vaccine is currently underway in East Jaintia Hills District.
At the same time, the government has arranged buses to transport government employees and the public during the curfew called by the civil society.
There will be 12 crore farmers who will receive T.6,000 per annum under the Prime Minister's scheme, in which the money will be deposited into the accounts of these farmers, in three installments. annual budget, T.20,000 crore.
Shillong, March 31 : The Hima Khyrim has warned youtubers and documentary makers or social media broadcasters not to publish any video or news of the Shad Nongkrem without with the permission of the Dorbar of the Hima.
This means that the end of the age of things in this world is near.
In 2017, the administrative unit was placed in rongjeng, which was promoted on Tuesday by a letter issued by the Governor of the state.
The match was more exciting due to the support of the football fans at the 3rd Ground MFA Turf Polo Ground, Shillong.
The approaching elections for the new leadership are sometimes shocking to see the sudden desire of the leaders of various parties to go and mislead the people every five years.
Police on the evening of the 26th of this month arrested two suspects identified as Rabi Debbarma, 43, of RM Thakurpara, Ranir Bazar and Amarjit Debbarma, 19, of Surendra Nagar. Dasherghat, Baikunthpur, West Tripura.
Speeches were also delivered by MDC Jaïaw Constituency, Bah Paul Lyngdoh who was the chief guest and also by the Asst.Secy of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep, Bah JL Khongshei who was the Chief Guest. The meeting was attended by Samla Ostarnic Marbaniang, Organizing Secretary of KSU Jaiaw Circle.
Speech was also delivered by the Additional Chief Secretary and Agriculture Production Commissioner KN Kumar who informed that the number of dairy farmers in the state is still very low and hopefully in the future, Through this mission, milk production will be increased in the state.
Shillong: A mother has lost her life in the reckless driving of a motorcycle in Umjan area, Mawlai Mawdatbaki.
Regarding the dismissal of these 25 persons, the union has also met with Anup Bal, Manager of the company which has taken over the toll plaza of NHAI. These 25 Khasi youths who have been dismissed should be reinstated, said Samla Jayson Nongrum.
The Emergency Credit Line Guarantee Scheme has helped thousands of small and medium enterprises.
Shillong, Nailur 06: The Congress MUA-II government led by Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has decided to introduce the Goods and Services Tax (GST) under Article 122 Amendment to the Constitution. The NDA government led by Narendra Modi will implement it in the state.
“Bah Shangpliang joined the party in November 2022 and received full support from the party in the MLA elections, but he did not reach the goal.
Shillong, which has been the capital since 1869 during the Assam period, has now turned 152 years old and became the capital of Meghalaya after secession from Assam in
Still they did not see lasting peace.
The main issues raised by the leaders of these four organizations to the government were the incident in New Balakhwa, a village which has caused riots due to the government's inability to resolve the issue. on the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
He added that regarding the 2024 election, we are still thinking and it is still time to ask the world because I have experienced many victories and many defeats. There are those who are strong, and there are those who are strong, and it will depend on the decision of many churches, because I listen to them.
Why did I say it was just a business of making illegal money by brokers and office workers! The reason is that if you pay money to the employees or brokers, you don't have the right to pay.
I request the PMO, the Prime Minister, Narendramodi, the Minister of Home Affairs, the MEA and the Chief Minister of the State, Basavaraj Bommai to take action on this issue to ensure that the to bring these people back safely to this land.
Mr. Marshra also gave training on how to make wine from soybeans and how to make the best cold storages for storing bottled soybeans.
“The purpose of bringing this resolution is after seeing the situation in Ri Khasi, regarding the benefits of other ethnic groups from the North East from the ST Status of Meghalaya, when When we go back to other states, the people of Meghalaya do not get the same benefits as other ethnic groups in our state and this is a loss in all aspects.
A day later, the nurses asked the patient to put water in a small bottle provided by the hospital for testing.
The footpath has narrowed due to the closure of shops and the road has narrowed due to the appearance of market vendors from Motphran to Lad Umsohsun.
He said that it does not mean that the money will not arrive but it will arrive and the contractors will receive the money once they have done the work.
For those who should avoid foods that affect their bodies, food is no different than alcohol and drugs because it destroys their bodies.
Therefore, the National Parties will focus more on how to please the high-paid people so that they can get their votes, which will enable them to form a government in Delhi.
Comingone Ymbon said the people of Raliang Constituency still trust him and what remains now is his duty to bring about development in the constituency and the state as a whole.
If you don't like it please review it because you can't accept it.
However, these technologies of this age have passed away even the dignity of morality which is an important part of people's lives.
Speaking to media, the Waheh Shnong, Deimonmi Lyngdoh, said that the Dorbar Shnong has decided to plant kseh trees on the hill to strengthen the ownership of the land under the jurisdiction of the Shnong. and lumps.
He said that without naming anyone, many leaders live for their relatives, some for their friends, some are involved in corruption and some are involved in corruption. and steal the country's resources.
WJH Police said they received a complaint on the disappearance of the woman on the 19th of this month.
Shillong: Two foreigners from Assam have been arrested by the Mawthadraishan Circle for selling jhur in Markasa Market.
A few days ago, opposition leader Mukul Sangma told reporters that the forest groups have gathered again these days under one group.
Shillong, November 19: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has recalled that in 2005, the state education department and the MBOSE had stirred up the students of the state in the examination hall, but now with the publication of The KSU has said that it does not want the MBOSE to make the subject an elective subject.
In his speech, Sangma also remembered Indira Gandhi, the first Prime Minister, who gave birth to Meghalaya, Nehru, who was the Governor at that time, Williamson Sangma, the first Prime Minister.
The Minister also defended on the question whether there is any lack of information between the Food Safety Department and the Chief Minister.
Why do you have no children ? I have only two sons, so it doesn't make sense to put a place.
Set and allocate a time and make sure that your children go to bed at that time.
“The Prime Minister wants to see the performance of each government department for the next 100 days,” he said after the Cabinet meeting.
Shillong, Lber 10 : Since the appointment of Rakkam A Sangma as Minister of Education, he has talked to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma that the government should ensure the payment of monthly salaries of teachers. .
He said that he does not blame only the present government but we should look at the history of who has ruled the state for many decades and the Congress party should be held responsible for the decline of the state. Furthermore, that the construction of footpath is not the responsibility of the leader, but the responsibility of the contractor and to contest elections is to formulate policy.
He said the ethnic parties have a goal to bring about good roads, employment opportunities for educated youth and to improve health as well as adequate electricity in the villages.
Mawkyrwat, July 19: The Association of Meat Dealers (KNM) of Mawkyrwat Market, South West Khasi Hills District, after two months of closure, today, July 19, The sale of beef has resumed at Mawkyrwat Market.
Those who are married but have not yet left their own household are not counted.
Jowai: The Crime Investigation Department of the Home Police Department (JYF) has taken over the murder of JYF President Poipynhun Majaw. who are involved.
“I don't agree to say that I should resign just because I don't get a job,” she said.
This was announced at a meeting held on the 13th in the presence of the Minister of State and MLA Amlarem Lahkmen Rymbui, Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, CEO JMB and village leaders affected by the garbage dump at Mynkjai.
All five persons were arrested after Assam Police from Jorhat together with Guwahati Police, Gajrag Militancy Intelligence and 175 CRPF Battalion conducted a search operation.
Many of us rely only on government jobs, we feel that if we don't get government jobs there is no other job, but this young man has shown that he doesn't have a job by leaving government jobs to start again. “This job is not only to earn a living but also to create jobs for others,” said Bah Ardent.
“The transformation of India into a police state will not solve your problem, Modi Ji, but it shows in front of more than 1 billion Indians that you are a violent ruler who has bordered on Rahul said on Twitter.
While seeking the support of the people at Mylliem Madan Ïingsyiem on the evening of 9th June 2024 for the NPP candidate Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, Bah Hamlet Dohling said that some of the supporters have said to listen to this. Ardent's statement but he didn't listen because he didn't want to be talked to by Bah Ardent.
The appointment of cabinet ministers will be rotated as the law allows only 12 ministers.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, KSU President and General Secretary Lambokstarwell Marngar and Donald Thabah said that the KS has given 24 hours to the government to prepare the list especially for the Open Category. to walk in other ways.
“According to information, the Government of India has decided to suspend the proposal to mine uranium in Meghalaya,” said Dr Donkupar Roy.
Speaking to media, Bah Roykupar said that the demand of the HYC is so that those who still hold the traditional religion can get the benefits reserved for the poor such as scholarships and others. the benefits they can receive.
KSU President Bah Daniel Khyriem said that the KSU will take part in the meeting with a clear mind and hope that what will come out of the meeting tomorrow will be of benefit to the state.
Reshab Subedi scored 59 runs off 42 balls with eight fours and two sixes while Raj Kishor Yadav took two wickets for 32 runs and Rahul Kumar took two wickets for 47 runs.
The verdict was submitted before the NIA Special Court in Shillong today.
The meeting was conducted by the Chairman of the Ministerial Committee, Bah Prestone Tynsong.
“NESO has made it clear that it will not accept this bill,” said a statement from the North East Students' Union.
Senggamchi had five overs and were bowled out for 6/10, while EGH were struggling to defend themselves after scoring 51 runs in the first innings. .
Not admitting that the BJP is on the verge of winning, Sanbor said the party has strong supporters.
The RSS chief said that the RSS welcomes the bill and said that religion is stronger than human patriotism.
Dasukmynsiem Dkhar Class XII, who got the 4th position out of 10 students at Anderson Higher Secondary School Nongstoin, is the daughter of Baïamonlang Dkhar and Bah Fullmoon Syiem. the village of Nongpynde.
On the same day, the Final 1st Open to All Football Tournament was held between Lumshyiap SC and Shiparalok FC. Shiparalok FC won by tie. -breaker and won a cash prize of Rs 90,000 and a trophy while Lumshyiap SC won the cash prize of Rs 40,000 and a trophy.
“We need to have that spirit of thinking together when we are in any difficult situation like what happened in Manipur, but it doesn't mean that they should take advantage and before they come to ask for a place to live. They should first seek permission from the village authorities and also from the law enforcement authorities,” said Bah Louis Dohtdong.
However, despite the increasing number of cases in the state, these foreign youths have fought against and violated the rules of the Government.
In a statement, the Association appealed to all the contractors of the state who are ethnic minorities to join hands with the Association to fight against this problem, which they face from time to time.
“Even now we believe that the people will elect the party that has won and has made a good contribution to the people,” he said. The HSPDP has different policies from other political parties.
Of the South West Garo, eight were from Damalgre and 47 were from Songma.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today said that the Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) is an unnecessary department.
It is learned that these Dkhars came to Wah Umngot as part of their holiday for the Id festival in Bangladesh.
The first semifinal will be played on the 8th and the second semifinal will be played the following day.
He said that according to the RTI, there is a delay that the construction should start from 21.9.2022 but till now no sign of starting has been seen.
This will help solve and reduce up to 60% of traffic jams.
Sources said that the authorities will destroy other illegal drugs in the coming months.
“SIAL has opened the door to engage with factories from around the world, to learn about the opportunities, needs and promote the trade,” said Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh.
Singh, who came from a small village in Imphal, Manipur, retired from football in
According to media reports, the Sengbhalang has vowed to intensify its protests if the government does not listen to their demand to hand over to the CBI to investigate the death in jail.
While awaiting the report of the Audit Committee on Source of Coal appointed by the State Government, four factories have been closed down since 19th June. M/s Shemphang Riangshiang, Pyndeng Jalong, Doranggri, Shallang, M/s Rilyngngam Coke Industries, Kyllon Mathei, Shallang, M/s MD Coke Industries and M/s Carbochem India located at Nongdakong Village, Shallang.
Maybe this is the Black Flag Demonstration.
In the match which was played at the Polo Ground on Saturday at 11 pm, Mawreng SC beat PFR Academy by two goals.
But the neighbors didn't come out," said Mohamed Azaw.
The question that arises before us now, especially in the context that we as a nation will come out again in 2023 to elect our rulers again, is whether our elections in the past years have brought about what is the desire or expectation of the people? Have the Governments we have established been able to provide solutions? Do we elect people with the expectation that they will bring good; you suck you sign; Has the human body been able to do that? It is sad to say that when you hear the voice of the people; The feeling of many of us is not what we expect.
It is learned that the reason why the man was hit by the truck was because the driver of the truck did not see the man, because at that time there were many people. There were many vehicles parked nearby and the man came out of the vehicles, which caused the driver of the truck not to see the bus and hit the man.
If we are blind and do not maintain cleanliness, many diseases will spread through water and air.
Shillong, Jymmang 15 : The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has promoted four police officers from the Meghalaya Police Service (MPS) to the rank of Indian Police Service (IPS) of Assam-Meghalaya Cadre.
As a group, they said that they will not rest and will not stop until the family of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew gets justice.
It's time to sleep,” said Kynsai and got up to go outside.
This is in response to a request from KHADC through the Right to Information (RTI) Act.
However, it should be an education policy and knowledge to provide children and youth with the knowledge that can support them.
In an interview with British Vogue magazine, the 32-year-old singer made it clear that she has decided to have 3 or 4 children and in case she doesn't find a loved one to but she shall be alone, and shall bear three or four children.
In the women's category, the first prize is T.30,000 and the second prize is T.15,0
Shillong: Pynbhashisha Ryntathiang, 11, who drowned on 27th July 2019 and her body was found on 3rd November
After that, after 10 days, on 29th June 2014, he met only one person, on 30th June, he met 3 people and in June, he met only twice.
“I am delighted and honored for the state to host the 2nd North East Olympic Games and especially for the athletes who will be able to take part in various sports.
Secretary, JPC, Ma JB Laloo, said that due to unavoidable reasons, Iaw Chyiap, Jowai will be closed on
Dr Tammiyaki Shylla, BDO Khliehriat in his speech expressed his satisfaction that the village has implemented the scheme properly and urged the leaders and residents to cooperate with the government departments so that they can implement more development schemes. .
The JSU also said that if anything happens to foreigners, the members of the Sengbhalang should not be blamed from time to time.
Financial assistance has been provided to the States/UTs according to the needs under the ASCAD to purchase Goat Pox Vaccine to vaccinate against Lumpy Skin Disease (LSD).
If this ‘bad year’ of farmers continues for another year or two, the world of farmers will end from this earth.
The union also warned that if foreign shops are found not to have renewed their trading licences, it will lodge a ban within the district council to force it to take action.
He said the forests have been destroyed and lost due to the erosion of the soil, the widespread felling of trees and the burning of the hills and rivers.
I will continue to bless him and although he is only a day man but his actions really affect me as an elder,” said the father.
He said that the Congress party and the MDA government are trying to deny that they are the ones who oppose the CAB.
Due to the refusal of the Magistrates, dozens of contract school teachers have carried placards with slogans against the discrimination by the State Government.
We have seen that the government will destroy many schools with only teachers while there are not even 10 students.
Police brought him to Jowai this morning and took him to court.
Kni and Bhalang had already prepared and all that remained was to drink.
It was also decided to set up an SIT to investigate the complaint filed by the police and the DIG, Eastern Range will take over the case and a commission will be appointed. investigation, in accordance with the Commissions of Inquiry Act
At the same time, she said the department is working with the Social Welfare Department, MSRLS, SHGs, ASHAs, BDOs and Village Health Councils (VHCs) to raise awareness among the public to prevent the spread of diseases. and the divorce rate of twins.
Speaking to media, Conrad criticized the Leader of the Opposition Dr. Mukul Sangma for seeking excuses from the NPP which is now leading the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance coalition government.
UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh said the meeting could be held next month.
It is reported that these electricity signs passing through the riverbank are short or close to the ground and this has caused bloodshed,” said the residents.
Therefore, they need your encouragement.
I just want to clarify a little bit about this Bah/Kong K Kyndaid because I saw according to his letter to U Rupang on 12th July 2021:Regarding the explanation that says that the KHASI PNAR : Thank you for your explanation that it is not PNAR but JAIÑTIA.
There will also be a tyndong speech, in which a person will speak and knowledge will come according to his wishes.
E-commerce and technology businesses have hired in product management, business development, and marketing positions.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The State Education Mission Authority (SEMAM), Samagra Shiksha, the State Education Department, has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) to re-enrollment of part-time school children in the State.
However, the HYC has made it clear that the ILP alone cannot prevent the illegal entry of foreigners and intends to propose for the approval of the Interstate Migrant Workmen Act, the Trading & Business Permit from the ILP. Residential Permits for foreigners, proper implementation of the Meghalaya Prohibition of Benami Transaction Act and others.
We ourselves must be responsible for what is happening now.
According to the facts, 789 Sub-Health Centers in the State are needed but only 397 have been allocated.
In fact, as the community leaders, he should have found out the root cause of the incident by going to talk to both the cases, but this man did not do so and did not go to meet with the village authorities.
The tournament will end tomorrow 25th March and before the start of the tournament, a short meeting was held which was conducted by R.Laloo, Superintendent Officer Incharge (OC) Jowai PS S. Manner, Additional SP WJHD, members and office bearers of Jaintia Boxing Association were also present. and others who have been invited to this tournament.
Our people should also know and understand that the absence of the Minister from the Secretariat is a great loss to the state as a whole.
In just over 10 months, from today, the British public will be exempt from wearing masks and the sale of masks will end across the country from 21 July
This place is very nature friendly and the sky also loves this state.
Speaking to media, Samla Banpynbiang Riang, General Secretary of NEHUSU, said that the meeting was held to inform the Government about the delay in the release of the scholarship for the year
Regarding the government's order, he said that the Mawlai Town Dorbar will meet on the 14th of this month, as there are about 3 or 4 people in Mawlai who are involved in the decision.
Ma Lber said that the facts, which have been decided by the coal mining department, will be of great benefit to the coal miners of Meghalaya. That from the first day, their aim was to repeal the laws of the Government of India, regarding the mining of coal in Meghalaya.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District has sent a happy birthday to the children of Seinraj Tuber.
Vehicles coming from Silchar, Kalain, Hailakandi, Badarpur and other border areas such as Sumos, Night Supers, Empty Trucks and other vehicles were seized.
At this time, coal was also exported to Bangladesh and the transportation of coal to the north of the country through Dawki began in the early days.
The incident occurred after a Maruti car driven by Sanju Lyngdoh of Khliehmyntriang village, East Jaintia Hills collided with a truck (ML 10 B 8680) on the road.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr TS Momin and Dr D Blah said that the government is now fighting hard to eradicate the disease and congratulated the private companies who have treated the patients. TB and this will help them to eat healthy foods to stay healthy especially while they are undergoing treatment and taking medicines.
The KHADC has allocated about T.20 crore from the central government for the improvement of the road but it is facing difficulties to proceed as the state government has not issued the NOC for the improvement. to the street.
Mohammed Shariq, 24, has been injured in a bomb blast in Mangaluru, Myanmar. in November last year, when it was believed that this was a terrorist attack, police said.
The exhibition was organized by the G20 Secretariat in collaboration with the Ministry of Textiles and State/Union Territory Governments.
Tura, Naiwieng 7 : U Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma on Tuesday spoke on the Integrated Basin (IBS) programme. He said that the MDA government has misused the programme.
At the same time, these youths expressed their regret, after receiving many promises from the leaders and said that if this promise by the leaders continues, the future of the young men in the countryside, it doesn't go anywhere.
He said that language is not only for communication between each other, but also for society, culture and faith.
The State Government has declared the 7th November, 2022 as a public holiday in East Khasi Hills District where all Government Offices, Courts and Schools will be closed. this day.
Macmillan Byrsat said that as the days go by, the number of patients in Nongstoin has started to increase, and many patients have to go to Shillong or Guwahati for dialysis. There are also those who do it twice a month or once a month which has affected the traffic and the money of the patients. requested to have its own machine in Nongstoin.
Those buyers can also claim the travel expenses from the government.
“We will not only build and renovate but we will also work with various Sport Associations to strengthen sports related activities.
Those who are small and weaker are willing to do so, while those who affect the stability of the government are not willing.
This is the most important need that we as a nation have forgotten and turned away until now until the thousands of children of the nation have lived in the air without knowing their own identity. or the root.
The Nongpoh MLA, extended his special thanks to the army, doctors, nurses and health workers, for their struggle to fight against the spread of the disease. Therefore, the Nongpoh Mayor urged the village leaders and youth organizations to cooperate and prevent the entry of foreigners and so that the government's plan to curb COVID-19 will be successful.
The synuk hopes that both the girls from West Khasi Hills will play well in these big tournaments of the country and the North East as a whole, said Despitol Sun President WKHBA. The Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBA) would like to congratulate the Meghalaya Boxing Association for its ability to promote the women and men of the state through many boxing tournaments, whether in the state or abroad. It is the largest country in India.
Those who have announced results, it is too late for them to wait to teach and take classes until April
Education is the priority of the Government because a State that develops in education is a State that develops and teachers are the bloodline of the development of education.
JSU President Lawyerson War said that the JSU from time to time visits these border areas to help and listen to the problems of the border villages as they have been left behind by the government. He said that the JSU and its members in collaboration with these villages will be the guards like soldiers from the Assam border crossing and will be the helpers to the villagers to raise the issue. They are the authorities of the Meghalaya government.
Morningstar said that in 2014, the KSU had gone to Delhi to get the ST recognition for the Khasi living in Assam but the Assam government has not yet implemented the ST recognition. claims that Khasi in the state.
They should drive carefully when they hold the stick in their hands,” said the SP (Traffic).
Khliehriat, July 01: The Astronomy Laboratory at Ambrose Memorial Secondary School, Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills District, will be the first in the North East.
The bus was now full with 45 passengers.
Only those who have registered with the Office can open their shops during such times of curfew or curfew due to the spread of any disease.
He said the government has set a target to develop the rural areas in a more sustainable manner and benefit through agriculture.
Because of his love and concern for the future of the children of the country, he stood firm on his foundation, to destroy what he had witnessed for the evil that would befall the children of the future of the country.
Sheen Sohktung scored two goals in the 14th and 80th minutes and Nickle Bina in the 86th minute.
“The action of the State Government shows that it does not have a spirit of sympathy for these two people who are suffering in the midst of the crisis.
The President of the Union said that Sohra is a rainy area and the government should implement it before the rainy season.
The SDO Civil Pynursla has also issued an order to ban traffic from 8 pm in the area where the landslide occurred at Rngain, to allow the workers to clean up the landslide, who are still working today.
While in our case, when he reached the other side of the river, he no longer had that book to read or teach to his children and future generations.
Who is the paid of which of those two cases and who came from where? Is it the crowd, about 40-50 people, who set fire to the police vehicle and damaged the other vehicle and the arshaka? If it is the paid who robbed the vehicle of the police and damaged the other vehicle and the arshaka, it is impossible not to ask how or in what manner the robbery occurred. and they destroyed the chariot and the arshaka.
Minister Duh said India has started working on training people in medical technology and manufacturing quality equipment and research.
He has nothing to do with the Maoists in Kerala.
The match on the 20th will be between Kongwang vs Nenggate Pynursla at 10 am and Mawshun vs Nongmadan Pynursla at 11 am.
Shillong: A woman identified as Uniki Langstang, 24, has given birth to a baby boy in a 108 bus which was about to be taken from Laskeiñ CHC. to Lakeland.
"We demand that the matter be handed over to the Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC) because the House of Parliament is more powerful than the SC in the purchase of Rafael fighter jets," Gaurav said. .
Bharat has grossed Rs 42.30 crore on the first day, the highest grossing of all Salman films on its first day.
“The decision to issue tickets depends on the approval of the units, blocks and district levels, the leaders cannot fight against the voice of the people,” said Bah Lapang.
Both won unopposed.
She also told those who came that day that sleeping inside the ark was pleasant, but slow.
As the Waheh Shnong, I am surprised by this because in the Dorbar Shnong we believed that it was a Public Hearing of Bijen Rupsi but now it belongs to the company.
The meeting was attended by the village leaders, residents of the area including young men and women, mothers, fathers and children who celebrated the beginning of Behdiengkhlam.
It is learned that the landslide and heavy rainfall have made it difficult to search for the dead.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The Organizing Secretary of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KSU) Ailong Pariat, who is also the President of the Raid Madan Kyrdem Unit, has informed the top leaders of the KSU North Khasi Hills. He has resigned from the KSU for reasons he cannot avoid.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Joint Action Committee from Mawlai, Shillong, today met with the SP of Ri Bhoi District, to investigate the incident of murder of Bah Dismarlin Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi. A Home Guard at the Food Corporation of India warehouse at Mawsmai village in Ri Bhoi District, who was bombed and tied on the night of 24th June, until he died. world.
“The ability of Bah Reginald Susngi to publish this book is the guidance of God with the support of his family,” said Bah Sawkmie.
Similarly, if there are voters who have brought and shown EPICs received from the Electoral Registration Officer from other Assembly Constituencies, such voters should also be accepted and allowed to vote if the names of such voters are vote appears on the Electoral Roll of the constituency where they intend to vote.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the government has allowed the Christmas Carol performance of various churches, but the government has banned the performance of Christmas Carol. by individuals without any knowledge of the Churches.
These are used to provide emergency information, such as in relation to natural disasters, such as warnings of the possibility of Tsunami, Floods, Earthquakes and others, as well as warnings. relating to safe places for the public, evacuation-related communications and other basic information resources.
On the other hand, the SP of Ribhoi, Bah GD Kharwanlang, while speaking from Nongpoh, said that the father of the girl, Emer Kharthangmaw, came to verify that she was his daughter. Binora Dohtdong of Lympyllun village, Umsning.
Sarma briefed Modi on many aspects related to the steps taken by the state government to provide relief and rescue to the flood victims. , the source reported.
Three others charged include Dhaijya Konwar, Bittu Sonowal and Manash Konwar.
“It is a moment of great understanding that the institute has already trained nearly 10,000 experts in Ayurveda and Homeopathy.
The petition was handed over to the MLA by Chairman Dr. R Phawa in the presence of Assistant General Secretary Streamly Suchen, Finance Secretary Voilet Lyngdoh and others.
Dr Somi said the courses are BSC, MA (Sociology) and MCom.
The union also demands that the government should appoint a strong and thorough investigation team to track down those involved and not within a short period of time.
The conference was opened by the Speaker of the Lok Sabha Om Birla and a speech was also delivered by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi via online channels.
Bah Wailadmiki Shylla in his speech praised the village leaders and all the residents of Ïalong who have the spirit of cooperation for the good and development of the village.
The Seng has found that until now there are no signs to set up a BOP in this area which is a problem and inconvenience for the residents.
The Principal Secretary said that the carol procession can only be held inside the church grounds.
Speaking on the occasion, VPP candidate Bah Manbhalang said that as the party has a goal to bring about change for the future of the people, it cannot be achieved only by the joint efforts of all. Prah won not only from Pynursla but from all the constituencies where Prah is contesting.
Ma Vincent said that as an MP, he has fought hard for the development of the state as a whole and especially in terms of roads. as the budlum of growth.
Samla Baiashanlang said that as the leaders of the KSU, they have already expressed their concerns about the increasing power outages in Ri-Bhoi which has affected the private sector and especially the youth. read.
India is like a beautiful garden with many ethnic groups and also in religion and culture it is a democratic country so it should be protected and united.
For those poor and needy households, who earn their living on a daily basis and whose work and income has been affected through the various obstacles that the government has to introduce. “It is to protect us all from the spread of this disease,” said a statement from the Church.
The Meitei Civil Society Organization (MESO) has demanded responsibility for the murder of Lucy Merem. The curfew will be from 6.00 am to 6.00 pm on the 17th of November. The state government has been given 48 hours to take action in this regard. you are required.
Of many of these cases, children have become pregnant and have physical and health repercussions, which are even more severe when they are rejected by the family or are orphaned.
For a while, after a complaint from the East Khasi Hills Taxi Owners and Drivers Association, the sticker issue was removed, but now it has resumed.
In the past few months, the MDA government has decided to ban the production of wine in order to encourage the unemployed youth in the wine making industry.
Magistrates and police will ensure that the public wears their masks.
Meghalaya's players include Kishan Lyngdoh, Bamanbha Shangpliang, Sylvester Mylliempdah, Dippu Ch Sangma (V-C), Lerry Sangma, Tarique Anwar Siddique, Raj Biswa, Abhishek Kumar, Akash Kumar Choudhary, Arbin Singh, Md Nafees Singh Siddique. Manish K Rai, Junjun Sangma, Shaisngi Lyngdoh, Rohit Shah, Pringsang Sangma, Sanvert B Kurkalang, support staff, Dheeraj Jadhav (head coach), Moisten Ch Marak ( assistant coach), Himmat Singh (trainer), Surojit Biswas (physio), Raju D Sangma (manager).
Shillong: U Bah Pius Marwein, MLA of Ranikor, who was newly elected in the mid-term elections, today took oath as MLA in the 4th Legislative Assembly.
According to the decision taken by Jirang MDC Bah Victor Ranee, the EC has been formed in collaboration with the Indian National Congress and independent MDCs in the KHADC. confirmation of the Chairperson of the Council.
The union said it has given some time to the MLA to restore the rights of the people of Mihmyntdu and if he does not do so it has vowed to take tough action.
If they give that ILP, will the civil society allow the railway? What is the relationship between the railway and the ILP? -eightmouth.
It is for this reason that the leaders of the MDA government under the leadership of the NPP party have been shocked. If one is given, many areas will have to be upgraded to the status of Civil Sub Division.
Besides, there will also be a dance at Basa Kwai after the service.
According to information received, the girl (name withheld) was on her way from Kynshi, with the intention of going to Mairang, for her studies. The suspect was identified as Bah Finance Chester Pariong (ML 05 U 2717), who is also the husband of the girl. She was told to go to Shillong and walk back through the forest road from Mawmaram to Lad Umsaw in Ri Bhoi District.
It is worth mentioning that Bah Jeklis Mawphniang, has been missing since the 11th of this month and his body was found on the 17th of this month from a crematorium at Umkaduh Raid Nongsohbar. , known as the Sohni Lung Creek in Umkaduh.
Shillong, July 5: A five-member committee of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Chiefs, led by Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Meghalaya State Planning Board, They met with Dr Rameshwar Oraon, Chairman, National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NCST), Government of India, at his office at Lok Nayak Bhavan, Khan Market, New Delhi on 3rd January 1.30pm, to discuss the suspension of the treaties and agreements between the Government of India and the Hima Khasi States, which ended 65 years ago through the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement.
The PFR players who will take part in the tournament include Eben Warbah, Meban Dkhar, Albes Syngkli, Donald Tariang, Shanbor Thangkhiew, Albert Maring, Bantei Muktieh, Pynroy, Samlang Rympei, Mohan, Mewan Lyngdoh, Wadskhem and Dlessing. , Fleming Suting, Robi Maring, Closing Lyngshing, Daminot, Arki, Andy Suting and Rohit.
Shillong, Lber 13 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the income of the state will increase if all the citizens of the state including the youth, women, the elderly, farmers, entrepreneurs and all members of society share in this progress.
It is true, because these MLAs who are not in power are not the owners of the village.
Banteidor was accompanied by John F Kharshiing, General Secretary Finely L Pariat, Chief Engineer of the State Olympic Association Bibatdor M Syiem, Paia War Nongbri Asst. Director Sports & Youth Affairs.
It is undeniable that many of the students in the state have to face the suffering of unemployment and many of the students who have completed various courses in various fields of education have to live without jobs. work without jam.
The Seng Sur Tynrai also alleged that the suspension of Sordar Raid Shabong was accompanied by people who claimed to be members of the KSU and FKJGP Pynursla.
Even the marrep that are cultivated without pesticides or fertilizers; they have not yet found a sufficient market to sell their produce at a reasonable price.
He said that the company has promised to recruit Khasi youths at the Toll Plaza, as so far only foreigners have been recruited, but the youths from the area who can working at this Toll Plaza, no one has been appointed.
This also includes even in relation to the design of connecting corridors for development.
Jowai, March 24: A truck with brake failure collided with another truck on Jowai Bypass near GMH Hotel. The injured were rushed to Jowai District Hospital, Ialong for treatment.
Regarding the allegation that Pynshngaiñ supported Fenella L Nonglait, HDR said he had no knowledge of it.
Ummulong beat Umshangiar by 9 wickets while 4-Mowkaiaw United beat Moodymmai by 8 wickets.
According to sources, the incident happened on Wednesday at Mynska village at a farm far from the village.
The party has decided not to contest in all three constituencies, said Lawrence Nongrum in a statement.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has denied the allegation of corruption in the implementation of the T.13 crore Eco-tourism Project. The news has come out, their findings and figures are completely wrong and the news is completely misleading.
As it turns out, Moyes has turned to Ajax midfielder Edson Alvarez as a replacement for Rice, but Maguire will surely be fit to bolster the backline especially after the two Two players behind Kurt Zouma and Nayed Aguerd have suffered injuries almost every time this season.
KSU West Jaintia Hills District Unit President Laitphar Syngkrem said that the allegation by the Chief Minister of Assam Himanta Biswa Sarma is groundless and said that Mukroh has been in existence since the birth of Meghalaya in It is the only Khasi-Pnar.
The Lakadong Elaka Management Committee (IELMC) which holds the market at Borghat village once a day will reopen from the 9th of March.
He said the Congress has no restriction on cooperation with anyone, except with the BJP. The amendment to the 6th Schedule will be submitted on 6th July 2019 and submitted its report on 6th October 2020 and now the BJP will bring the amendment to the 6th Schedule in Parliament. the opinion of the District Council, the State Government and shall accept or reject the report.
The Government of India and its armed servants, the Assam Rifles, forced the Khasi chiefs to sign this agreement on 15th November 1947 that all the Khasi kingdoms would fall under their rule. of the Government of India.
Many of them demanded that the unions of Waheh Shnongs should start together to bring about discussions on this issue and to resolve it in order to build the society. 19 and 10 people have died, bringing the death toll to 1195 in the state on Tuesday.
It is to be recalled that in June 2018, more than two months after the MDA government took over the rule in the state, a protest against the 'khar metor' broke out after a child following a bus saw was shot by people living in the area.
“As it is, the government does not want to have protests but it should implement our demands, if not immediately, but in the future and it should take action because the social agreement with GVK will expires on October 31, 2022,” said Bah Pyngrope.
“The medicines should be given every three months,” said Kong Mukhim in a statement released to the media on Friday.
The total number of cases of COVID-19 in Assam has risen to 102 with three deaths, 56 undergoing treatment and 41 recoveries.
When the Kni Rangbah came with the Jainspong, he gave them a great advice, encouraged them, encouraged them and listened to their concerns.
Dikshit said she still doubts that Rahul will be able to hold the post, as she said it does not fit his leadership position. continue this work.
KHNAM has elected Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MDC Jaiaw as its leader at a meeting of the three parties UDP, HSPDP and KHNAM held this evening at the residence of Dr. Adelbert Nongrum. The meeting was attended by senior leaders of the three parties, including KHNAM President Pyndapbor Saibon, HSPDP President Hopingstone Lyngdoh. UDP President Dr. Donkupar Roy also approved and welcomed Adelbert as the new leader of the ARPA, to replace Ardent Basaiawmoit, who resigned from the post.
However, if riewhadem is planted for riewhadem seeds and for cattle feed, what needs to be done is to cut the jyntang as soon as the riewhadem is harvested.
Speaking on the incident in Mukroh, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, said, “The border talks with Assam will not be as usual”.
Many of these have disappeared and many have disappeared.
Police said they have already spoken to all the seven members of the Shillong Markaz and they have clarified that they have not yet arrived in Meghalaya.
The MLA elections, which come once every three years, are not a festival of food and drink without the parties and candidates taking advantage and stealing when they win the election.
Therefore, we feel that it is not yet the time to discuss the post of Lamphang at this time.
The two parties have received confirmation from the MLA that the Supply Department, Fire Service Department and Blood Bank at Pynursla CHC will soon come under the Pynursla Civil Sub Division.
“I voted for the TMC because it is a strong party that speaks for the people and not like the NPP which thanks us by supporting the CAB to become law. the state and its citizens and I voted because it is the party to speak for the poor,” he said.
It was alleged that the division of constituencies in JHADC will also affect the rule of law in the villages and in the community.
Replying to this, the CEM, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, said that it has been four months since the meeting with the Prime Minister, the Minister of Urban Affairs, a letter has been sent and the department is still considering.
This is to inform you that Phlo Lamin Gayang, resident of Bakur, Dawki, mother of Bobi Nora Lamin Gayang and Tome Lamin Gayang, lives in Bakur, Dawki. Pali Lamin Gayang, a shopkeeper at Saint Merist School Shillong, passed away on 10/7/2
“Although the team was relegated from the I-League in 2019, this time it is looking forward to fighting hard for a return to the league.
The death toll is the highest in the country, the report said.
The FKJGP leaders urged that the MBOSE should not just dismiss the case after lodging the FIR, but should conduct a thorough investigation to find out the facts. The actions of two and three persons involved in the release of questions have affected more than 70,000 students in Class IX and through these incidents will discourage them. students who work hard and are diligent in their studies.
Furthermore, it was also discussed about the “Adoption” that if we “Adopt” a Dkhar or Khyllahjait, whether male or female, we should not be included in our kur or jait, we should remain our identity. root of him/her.
“Bah Ronie's statement shows that he doesn't know how to look at the work and it has caused him to speak slowly,” said Bah Egenstar.
Prestone Tynsong of the NPP has won from Pynursla constituency, Charles Pyngrope of the Congress has won from Nongthymmai and David Nongrum of the Congress has won from Mawryngkneng. Constituency.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) has condemned the theft of question papers to school authorities and has threatened to impose severe punishment on those involved in this case. The questions were stolen from schools in Jowai and Shillong.
She said that the Secretary Shnong, Bah Charlin Syrti, had come to force the mother to withdraw the RTI and had threatened her with T.50,0 They have refused to provide a scheme, but the mother has rejected it and the village leaders have evicted her.
Deputy Commissioner Garod LSN Dykes said he had no information on the matter.
Regarding the Farmers ID, she said that through the existence of this ID, it can also help to create the mechanisms to receive schemes from the government through the documents that the farmers. Before applying for Farmers ID, they must have an Aadhaar Card and they must also have a 'PM Kisan' through which the farmers can get assistance up to T.6 thousand per year.
The Sengkhihlang expects that the Behdeiñkhlam celebration will be a big and successful one as in the past two years the Behdeiñkhlam celebration has been quiet due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
The union also informed the DM&HO about the lack of time for the staff such as chokidar, pharmacist, and other staff in the CHC, said a statement sent by Juhhi Tariang.
This happened a day after the NPP's election campaign rally was held at Umsning, Ri Bhoi district, in Mairang, Eastern West Khasi Hills. in Jaiaw and Rynjah in Shillong.
On the other hand, FKJGP leader Bah Wellbirth Rani said that the party cannot accept the Bill passed by the BJP-led NDA government because it will pose a serious threat. he is the owner of the state.
On this occasion, Dr.DD Lapang physically even in his old age came to witness this memorable day with the accompaniment and condolences of his relatives.
Also present at the meeting were the Publicity Secretary of HANM Narpuh Circle, Bah S.Pala, members, students and parents.
He praised the work of the police force in the fight against insurgent groups in the past years who have worked tirelessly to track them down.
Shylla said the Bills of the District Council should come directly to the Governor as stipulated in Para 3 and 10 of the 6th Scheduled.
The KSU Namdong Area Unit will hold a program to honor the students who have passed the SSLC and HSSLC examinations for the year
Hammut-I Sungoh, who has been missing since the 16th of this month, has been found healthy last night from Shillong.
That WORD, which the prophets of God proclaimed everywhere, has come in flesh and blood to this earth for more than 2,000 years now, that WORD, the anointed one, the king (Messiah). the Prince) came from the Jewish nation of Israel.
The PDF cannot be counted as its candidates are strong in some constituencies and this party can also surprise many chairpersons and election result lovers.
The Women's Hostel was inaugurated in the presence of Bah IW Ingty, Secretary, Social Welfare Department, State Government, other Social Welfare Officers and Rangbah Shnongs of the area.
Regarding the suspension of the construction of the Ïawmusiang Complex, u Pariat asked for the support of the people to elect him as the leader and complete the new Iawmusiang for their convenience. The residents of the market who earn their living from Iawmusiang.
He said that the KSU leaders have offered to take part in the trading license campaign.
All the doctors in the area said that there is a need to set up a Corona Care Center in Amlarem Sub Division.
He also denied that the Congress party in the state has weakened, saying that in Meghalaya the Congress party is still strong because the Congress party has strong leaders.
As the days went by, Bah Shanbor and Kong Lumspah wanted the day to come when they would receive a thousand tyngka from the house of the Rangbah Shnong (Bah Let).
The death toll worldwide has risen to 8,092 today, with 3,422 deaths in Europe and 3,384 in Asia.
Those organizations are happy to raise money because they take care of our needs.
In the second half, the match became more and more intense with the teams scoring 10 goals.
Referring to Purno's picture in a huge flex behind him, Prestone said, "I joined the NPP because of him.
Tehran: Iran has offered an $80 million bounty for the assassination of US President Donald Trump for the assassination of Iranian Army Chief Major General Qasem. Soleimani.
He has also starred in other Bollywood films such as Ankur Arora Murder Case (2013), Fukrey-2013, Bajatey Raho-2
Nongkrem MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit, who raised a question on this issue, said that if the government cannot To curb the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh, it is better to pass a law to allow free trade.
South Garo Hills District has 129 cases, 1 employed and 163 unemployed, East Garo Hills District has 1117 and 2198 unemployed, North Garo Hills has 1977 and 3503 unemployed. There are 995 and 1296 unemployed persons respectively.
The drama is also part of the 159th Death Anniversary of Kiang Nangbah and the Azadi Amrit Mahotsav, the 75th Independence Day of India and the 50th Anniversary of Independence. .
We remember that the Lord Jesus said, “My food is to do the will of him who sent me, and to finish his work” (John 4:34). .
It is the duty of the children to repay them with love and respect, not with wealth or possessions.
The final match was attended by the President of HANM Sengkmie, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, EAC of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah L.Myrthong who was the chief guest. Bah Powel Sohkhlet in the presence of other HANM office bearers and the public who came to witness the match.
The CEM said that the IORA-ACORN team has already done many projects in India to encourage the people to plant trees, soh trees and others related to bringing clean air. it will benefit the public.
Therefore, the government should deposit the money in the NSDL or Trustee Bank according to the rules of the NPS. past.
The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has not yet issued any order to stop coal mining in the state, but it is still an issue pending. The National Green Tribunal has not been able to appeal.
He said the government will hand over the money to the school authorities to distribute to the parents of the students and they will arrange how to do it.
The sanction of this scheme is T.133,94,12,800/- as of 31/3/2
