Maria Hina Jala Kharbhih is a pious, strong and selfless woman who holds the position of a woman with a maiñ that adorns her.
In his speech as the chief guest, the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah W. Nongsiej congratulated the office of the District Social Welfare Officer for organizing the event. He urged all those who witnessed the program to look at and recognize the citizens with disabilities through their special abilities and not through their disabilities.
If we as parents cannot gather our children, we will not be able to protect our beloved Khasi community and country from the enemy and the enemy who flows like a flood every day.
Commandant FG Kharshiing, IPS, while inaugurating the 5th Battalion Book House, congratulated the staff of the department for achieving this goal.
RC02022018A0001 has registered a case against Ampareen Lyngdoh, the incumbent Minister of PWD (B), Bah PS Thangkhiew (IAS), the Department of Elementary & Mass Education, the State Government and others. U/s 120B, 167, 466, 408, 34 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) relating to theft and imprisonment.
This full moon and sunrise on the same mountain does not happen in other seasons, does not happen in other mountains, it happens only in the month of October of the spring and only in the Sun.
The farmers don't complain that they are in need of food, the traders increase their income because the markets are busy and the people flock every market day to pay for their food.
The NPP announced the names of 16 candidates for the GHADC elections in the first list on Tuesday.
If I don't do this, I will be asked, “What did you teach the Khasi while you were on earth?” Here I have some points to suggest to you.
“You and your government, on the advice of Pravin Bakshi (IAS) DC of Tura, have committed an illegal act by arresting the members of the GHSDC,” said Clifford.
Therefore, we appeal to the citizens of Meghalaya not to publish any news that is fabricated or fabricated to mislead the citizens of the State.
This action surprised everyone, but he did not fulfill his duty.
The President of India Droupadi Murmu has awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Awards 2022-2023 to 91 outstanding dramatists including two Joint Awards in the Performing Arts category.
Therefore, in order to prevent such incidents from happening again, the RBYF urges the DM&HO to take action to investigate and take stronger action against the nurse. “It's not like we're going to be able to drive out the child until midnight,” said Y.Nongrum.
“Although there is disappointment, but in the midst of all, I have been willing to provide all the necessities so that the people can use them at the right time,” he said. on the 4th of March, 2022 will be opened to the public so that the public from all over the country can use it as usual.
“We humans cannot live without nature, but nature can live without us humans,” he said. the right to plant trees and to clean up the garbage that people have defiled.
Shillong: Former cricketer and MP Kirti Azad has strongly condemned the tweet this month by PM Narendra Modi for wearing traditional clothes. Khasi tribe, and furthermore by posting a picture of a woman which is said to be available online, the HITO has lodged an FIR with the Sadar PS to request for prosecution against the Azad.
“It is difficult to stay at home to eat because we work in the morning and eat in the evening,” said the drivers.
The union also requests the authorities to help this child so that he can get stronger not only physically, but also mentally ( physically and mentally).
Ladthadlaboh tried to turn the tide but Sanki Langstang scored one goal in the 86th minute before the end of the first half.
Adelbert said the government's silence and distrust of the demand of the political parties for the immediate implementation of the ILP in the state has led many youths who have expressed their readiness to If the government does not implement the demand.
Besides the HSPDP candidates, other candidates who have completed their nomination papers include Bobby B Kharchandi VPP candidate from Nongstoin, Diostarness Jyndiang candidate BJP from Nongstoin, Justin G Momin candidate TMC from Mawshynrut, Andrew Charles Gare, INC candidate from Mawshynrut, Francis Pondit R Sangma from Rambrai Jyrngam and Sillash M Sangma from Rambrai Jyrngam.
& Ind.
This increase in insurance premiums without considering the problems of vehicle owners and drivers should be stopped and abolished completely.
Hek said that tomorrow they will invite various political parties to discuss the issue and said that those who want to come to discuss the issue, the door of the government is open, but they The rules and regulations must be followed as laid down by the State Government.
Shillong, Naitung, 07: Delhi Police and members of the KSU Delhi Unit on Friday morning released the youths who were locked up inside a pharmacy in Delhi. .
Health Minister James PK Sangma on Thursday personally inspected the Sohryngkham Health Sub Center and promised to upgrade it to a Primary Health Centre.
The High Court's statement came after the state government issued a letter to deploy the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) in the state to monitor the illegal mining and smuggling of coal.
On the first day, Sholay FC beat Stand War FC and Kyllain J beat Nakasaki FC 2-1
Featured Image by Tumisu from Pixabay.
“Of course, it should be completely removed.
We have seen many presidents/secretaries who have held office for many years without any winner and the government has said to produce winners in 2024 or 2028,” said HITO in the letter.
How else to say, when the age of Adam and Eve seemed to have begun to return.
They also built a hostel for the college students and a teachers' dormitory.
In the Scheduled Tribes, 772 males passed or 75.32 per cent and 583 females passed or 81.31 per cent.
If it hadn't been for the CAA, I would have won the MP election,” he said.
Shillong: Three CRPF personnel were injured in a stone throwing incident at their camp in Mawlai on Tuesday night, said the Central Para Military Force. .
Scindia sent his resignation letter to Sonia Gandhi, the top Congress leader.
She said it is not enough to set up only 23 parking lots especially as the state is a transit route for vehicles going to Tripura, Mizoram and Manipur as well as to the Barak Valley of of Assam.
Another attraction is Wards Lake, where visitors especially the youth flock to take part.
However, there are MDCs who want higher positions, but Bah HS Shylla has been involved in his decisions.
Speaking as the leader of the party, Bah Ksanboklang Kharshiing encouraged the students by showing them the paths they have to take.
The football players of Ri Bhoi District and East Khasi Hills District have now reached the final of the fourth Meghalaya Games.
At that time, she said that she had written a letter of demand to Purno A Sangma, MP of Tura.
Why shouldn't I eat meat in the morning and go to the temple in the evening?” asked Siddaramaiah.
Of the 87 bodies buried on Tuesday, 46 were from Churachanpur District Hospital and 46 were taken from hospitals in Imphal.
From children, young people, elderly people have climbed this Lum Sohpet Bneng which is believed that once upon a time there was a Golden Bridge to connect Heaven and Earth when righteousness ruled the people of Hynniewtrep.
Although Ryntih lost 4-0 to Rangdajied United in the last match, Ryntih tried to fight hard and it was in the second half that they managed to turn the tide. Through Baneh in the 55th minute for the same goal.
There are those who work in the village, in Nongstoin, Shillong, in the coal mines and elsewhere.
The 16-year-old player, who has a lot of talent and is an inspiration to the team as a whole, has been able to excel in his sports activities during the past few years. they have not gone.
Speaking at the meeting, the Shnong Leaders expressed their special thanks to the Government for listening to the needs of the Shnong and through the opening of this new Dorbar Hall, it will be a blessing to the villagers. Shnong so that they can continue to carry out their activities.
The village authorities have suspected that Bah Kmanwel was involved in the attack on a schoolgirl with sharp weapons in Lawbyrtun.
When this happens, it is a great shame and loss to the educated youth of Ri-Bhoi.
There were 1,507 teaching vacancies in Kutch district alone, 1,152 in Dahod, which has a large tribal population, 869 in Banaskantha, 724 in Rajkot and 692 in Mahisagar. .
“And why do they shout that only against Macdalyne and not against these others who have won the election from Ri Bhoi Constituency,” he added.
Those who ask don't want to write on facebook but ask on messenger.
According to official sources, the Prime Minister will stay overnight at the Governor's House and on the 28th he will visit Mawlynnong or Sohra.
He used to say that we must look after our people or service for our people.
The Lei Long Raid ceremony began with the thanksgiving ceremony of the three chiefs of the Raid followed by the slaughter of a ronglieh female goat and a female cow.
The maize obtained by doing this is called 'hybrid maize' or 'hybrid maize'
The incident happened on the 15th of this month at about 12 noon at a house near the Bishop Hall in Tiehsaw village. Suddenly they heard a scream from the terrace of the house and saw that the woman had fallen into the electricity sign.
Speaking as the swearing in, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh said that the HYC is not a group that if you join it, you will insult people in the village, or insult people on social media.
“There should be a strong decision, to set up river guards to check the dumping of garbage, to install CCTV to detect polluters, so that the cleaning will not be a waste of money,” he said. He said that the village authorities, KHADC and Municipal should send to visit the households to install waste traps.
The religion will not allow you to enter the house if you speak against the Christian religion.
On Friday, he transported the dewbilat from Topcem Cement to Upper Assam.
The new members and office bearers of the Union in West Khasi Hills were confirmed by the President of the Union, Bah Herman Nongrum. He said that the biggest threat to the Kurs and Jaits today is from unclean marriage, child marriage and also from the evils caused by drugs.
He said that the Kukis from Manipur have also come to Ri Bhoi District to take temporary shelter and these Kukis have come to Khappud Village in Maikhubli to stay temporarily with their relatives. This is the reason for the situation in Manipur.
Regarding the meeting with these village leaders, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, said that it was a fruitful discussion, as they have received a lot of information regarding the problems of the people, who are also the village leaders. Khasi who live in this border area.
This was announced by the Additional Deputy Commissioner (EL) I/c Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang.
Speaking at a meeting of the HSPDP at Pingwait, Kharang area of ​​Mawkynrew constituency, he said that the more you work, the more you are accused and the more you play, the more you are praised.
The CBSE will conduct the Class 12 examination for the remaining 28 subjects along with the Class 10 examination. , which is for the youth of the North East.
He was responding to the allegation by MP Vincent H Pala that the PGI census is a political activity of the BJP party. The report comes from the Performance Guarding Index, a recognized institution, which shows that Meghalaya has the lowest level of education and not from the BJP office.
Recently, two foreigners who have given Khasi citizenship have been deprived of their Khasi citizenship after losing a smoking battle, said Bah Robert. The HYC has selected those who will file the case and when selecting those names, he said that those who have received accurate information about their households have been selected which cannot be accepted as Khasi.
Speaking on the unemployment, he said that the world should no longer wait for government jobs, but to stand on its own feet and provide jobs to other youth in need.
He said that the desire and desire to have a Khasi Prime Minister is because through that Prime Minister, many issues will be resolved whether it is the reservation policy, the the demarcation of the border, the removal of the Kharmetor from Ïewmawlong, the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution and other issues.
He is also the youngest of seven brothers and the brother-in-law of the President of KSU South Khasi Hill, Samla D.Bynnud.
“Furthermore, the Minister said that regarding the completion of this bridge, the construction of the road on both sides at a cost of T.400 crore will also start in
They include Assam Rifle Public School (Under-17 boys) and Ïewrynghep Secondary School (U-17 girls) from East Khasi Hills, while from East Jaintia, Rymbai Presbyterian HSS (Under-17 boys) and K.B.Memorial Secondary School (Under-14 Boys).
In this fierce match, NACO managed to score the first goal in the first half.
Shillong: Among other parties, the Congress has won the most tickets for the mid-term elections in Shella.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Thursday demanded that the State Government should make public the report of the inquiry into the shooting death of Bah Cheristerfied Thangkhiew. T.Vaiphei submitted his report to the State Government last month.
The victim is Kong Dun Myria, resident of Nartiang village, West Jaintia Hills.
The important thing is us, we will do our part," he added.
The Swatch Bharat Mission has been implemented in Meghalaya since 2014, after the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, announced the scheme.
Shillong: There are reports that some people have been confirmed positive for corona virus at Eee Vee Nora Girls Hostel, Mawlyndop, Mawlai Mawroh. East Khasi Hills District, East Khasi Hills District, has announced the closure of the Eee Vee Nora Girls Hostel, Mawlyndop, Mawlai Mawroh.
This benefit is for companies that do not receive any tax exemption or assistance and start their operations on or before October 31,
“I have just informed you that we will soon appoint an Education Commission to look into the issues of private schools,” said the Minister in reply to a question from reporters. He blamed the inability of the School Managing Committees (SMCs) to contribute for the safety and salaries of teachers.
After the meeting, the Rangbah Shnong handed over the money to Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit.
This program covers all textile activities except weaving.
And that time is now and will soon end before the world enters into that great tribulation such as has never happened before and will never happen again.24:2
Do you think this electricity production is over here ? This electricity is brought to the city by signs, and brought to the houses by specially built signs so that it can be used to light the houses or to run the power plants in the houses. factory.
The Nongpoh MLA said that to avoid these problems, according to his personal opinion, it is necessary to bring the freight railway to Byrnihat, because although it does not help 100 out of 100 but it will save a lot in the cost of production.
“We have also decided that the chairman of the council will be given to the UDP and the deputy chairman to the NPP,” he said.
During the investigation by the village headmen of Mawmaram and Mawsawa-Umdishit, Jansing confessed to the crime and intended to rape the girl.
The HNLC in a statement has informed the family members of the deceased to welcome the release of the party with the best wishes that he will recover from his illness so that he can stand on his own feet. Sainkupar Nongtraw, Publicity Secretary of the HNLC, said in a statement. The HNLC has also released Banpyrkhat Langstieh earlier but after the HNLC released Banpyrkhat Langstieh, he was released the police department illegally arrested and detained him.
Later he moved to Rajai village which belonged to the former Langrin Hima.
In the first leg, Newhills beat Ialong 3-0 with goals scored by Hamedamanbha Thma in the 2nd minute, Samson Swer in the 20th minute and Damehipaia. It was 70+3 minutes.
These five industries are coal, crude oil, natural gas, refinery products, fertiliser, steel, cement and electricity, which accounted for 7.3 per cent of the total turnover in November.
The winner of the tournament will receive a cash prize of T.1 lakh, the runner-up will receive T.50,000 and the third team will receive T.10,0 amount.
The arrested woman was said to be working under the leadership of Baichung, a resident of Chokpot.
Shillong, Nailur, 21: The PWD department has not yet handed over the building of the Block Institute of Teachers' Education (BITE) and the Residential School at Byndihati village to the education department. These shlems are read as houses of destruction and as places of evil deeds.
TUR under Section 4 of the RTI Act and the Meghalaya Social Audit Act has demanded that the government should complete the expenditure report by the end of this month. the names of all those in charge of the corona care centres, the reports of all the contractors involved in the work such as procurements, medical and those on duty.
These shniuh stems are the source of water or nutrients, so that without them the plant cannot get water or nutrients.
Jowai, Nailur 09 : The U Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy Super Division Football Tournament-2022 was held today at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Dongmihsngi, Jowai.
In the year 2022 , while Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh was in charge of the Ministry of Agriculture , the Ministry of Agriculture has issued an Office Order on the 9th of July to allow farmers to continue using fertilizers after five years of struggle.
After reading, the lawyer said, “You have to stand before the court.
S Roberto Nongtdu scored two goals in the 22' and 74' while Ritreo Lyngdoh in the 39' and Pyllang Lyngdoh in the 68' each.
On the other hand, the union has also decided to demand from the government to implement the flyover bridge in Khanapara, as the government has not been able to build such a bridge for 50 years. “To run public vehicles with the public to provide convenience to the public who have been affected from time to time by the traffic jam,” he said.
Passionate about Meghalaya’s progress, he served the state with great diligence and helped transform many lives.
On the threat to the traders in the state, the Chief Minister said the government will ensure that there will be no threat to the traders in the state.
The program was concluded with the distribution of prizes to the winners of the Drawing Competition which was held by the Office of the District Social Welfare Officer Nongpoh at Christian Higher Secondary School Pahamsyiem. Ïateishwa Nongshli came first, Naphibanroi Syngkli came second, Pynshailang Thangkhiew came third and Wanringam R Marak came fourth.
He that hath ears to hear, let him hear" Revelation 3:12-1
In a statement, Bah S Nongkhlaw, Organizing Secretary and President of the Upper Shillong Unit, urged the Upper Shillong Unit to be wise to preserve the environment and and the surrounding areas, not to burn the forest, because it will destroy the forests, the trees, the animals, and the birds.
This is my brief vision that touches my mind on how to improve our small nation which is being attacked by the big paid people today.
Regarding the construction of canals in the streams flowing into the Myntdu River from all over the villages and townships of Jowai, it was found that the construction of the work is progressing smoothly.
In the past 24 hours, 6 new cases have been confirmed and 5 have recovered.
On this basis, it is completely wrong to have the attitude that only those in power can achieve development.
Because it has been found that all the jhur and jhep have been destroyed, and it is too late, the government will have to think now to open the jhur markets (even during the lockdown) around the places and villages. even the parking lot at Mawlong and Anjalee Market for the farmers.
“How can there be an earthquake when there is no rain and storm?” asked Kong Anibahun, “It is the fault of the contractors.
Sailung Ialong played well from the start of the match and scored three goals in the first half and the fourth goal in the second half.
These are the jobs that our youth can do in these factories.
What should be clear is that this fight is not a one-month or two-month task but will continue until a vaccine is developed.
He said that as students they should participate in their studies and also in outdoor sports.
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on November 1 expressed its desire to reach peace talks with the Indian and Meghalaya governments.
On the other hand, the Headmaster requested the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui to take action on this issue, in which the announcement to conduct the examination selection will be canceled and allowed to be given first. to encourage students to come to school and to receive full training for the final examination.
“The problem is not with the Adhoc teachers but with the people within the Government how to work,” said the FASToM Spokesperson in a petition sent to the Prime Minister. recently regarding the demand of the Adhoc School Teachers.
She is also the founder of the Integrative Village Cooperative Society in Mawphanlur in 1998 and is also the owner of the Natural Lake in Mawphanlur Tourist Spot.
It takes 15-20 minutes to climb Lum Kyllang from the top to the top, through constructed paths and walking on rocks.
He said Meghalaya under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma has done well in the implementation of central government schemes.
Speaking to reporters, she said that she will visit the hospital in Parila on the 8th of June.
Customize:In the Khasi society today, many married men lead their wives to their own homes or women follow their husbands without leading them.
He said that according to information, there are those who intend to fight against this especially in Pynursla market, where they intend to form their own association, the Riwar Butchers Association to sell cows.
Zenith Sangma's wife Sadhiarani M Sangma was the only female MDC at the swearing-in ceremony.
“The District Council is the place to preserve the culture and traditions, so it is sad to say that only 9 lakh tyngka has been allocated to help the constituencies,” said Congress MDC from Nongstoin, Bah Gabriel Wahlang.
Regarding the markets, the residents still have to go to Bamer market near Mangsang and Riangdo which are far from this area.
The Catholic Youth Union of Jowai Diocese Shillong Unit is a Catholic Youth Union of Jaintia Hills.
After that he said, “A cow has shiphew wives but she can rule without difficulty, but I have only one wife can't I? From now on you must see how the female cows bow down before the male cow.
His loyalty and closeness and following across the media has also allowed his supporters to recognize and know him in both parts of the world. whether in sports or outside sports and this has strengthened his close relationship with the people.
Not to rely on Government jobs, but to stand on our own feet by establishing any job even if it is small.
Tura: Police in West Garo Hills have raided a camp of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA).
Thus man is the center of history.
It has also signed MoU’s with prominent universities from around the world.
Then the Sohblei Rumnong and the Sohblei Mawroh together with the dancers selected from the Raid Nongkynrih and Raid Lawai, and when the ritual is finished, they kill the Blang. All the slaves shall be appointed by the Syiem Rangbah or Syiem Khynnah and the Raid and Shikhlieh shall be appointed by the Chief Officers of the Hima.
“As a marriage contract, we should not separate for 2-3 months or 1-2 years but only death can separate us,” he said.
One of the robbers who led the incident and another accused, Abdullah Bangaroo and Ab Rehman Shigan, were killed during the shooting.
In Group-B, Jowai, Sein Pynbha-lang Sports Club will play against Rangdajied United Football Club at 2:30 pm.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Jammu & Kashmir by 75 runs in the Women's U-19 One Day Trophy in Bhubaneshwar on Saturday. in three matches and two others who lost in the Plate Group.
The union has demanded the cleaning of the Rambrai-Mawlangsu-Phudumbah road through Mawthungmarwei, which has been completed for 27 years and has been constructed since 1995-96 for more than 11 km.
Prem Kumar Gera, IAS, Director General, NIFT, also spoke on the occasion.
“We are now holding the Bijli Andolan... You know very well that I am from Haryana.
According to the CEM, it is understood that the issue that will be discussed is the government's desire to hold the election of Rangbah Shnong by the State Election Commission. The District Council wants the election of Rangbah Shnong to be held by the Raid or the Hima through the order of the District Council.
According to the complaint, these police officers have been holding the post for more than three years which is more than the time limit set by the government to work for only two years in any place where they work.
The participating associations were divided into two zones – Shillong, Ri-Bhoi, East Khasi Hills, East Jaintia Hills and All Jaintia Hills in Zone 1 from Nongpoh.
Hearing the PIL, the Division Bench said, “There are other cases related to the illegal mining and smuggling of coal and the inability to arrest or seize trucks carrying over the border. “It is clear that the government is involved in this illegal activity and this is a violation and disrespect of the order of the Supreme Court”.
In the afternoon, the father said to them, “Bhalang will be in class VII and Syrpai in class VI for six years but Ksan will have to leave because we cannot afford to send him to Nongstoin or Shillong. .
Health and the need to get the Mawsynram Civil Sub-Division will be essential to bring the rule of law closer to the people.
“Regarding the Congress party, it is the party that has been elected to this constituency for four consecutive terms and this has strengthened the party and I don't think they will win. “People from this constituency will give their support to other parties,” he added.
Shillong, Naitung 17: The Agriculture Vigyan Kendra (KVK) East Khasi Hills District, Meghalaya has held a “Farmers' Mela” at the State Biological Control Laboratory, San Mer, Upper Shillong on the 16th of this month. May 30th.
The SP is on duty to get all the details what happened at the spot.
East Khasi Hills has 63 new cases and West Khasi Hills has 34 new cases.
“I explain to you that this is not a loan and you don't need to return this money because we distribute it to support the farmers.
Loss of interest : Many children have their own interests – whether it is playing with other children, using musical instruments, dancing or others.
Police are investigating the incident.
Other states in India are named after the indigenous people, for example Punjab because it is the indigenous state of the Punjabis, Mizoram because it belongs to the Mizos, Manipur because it belongs to the Manipuris, Nagaland because it belongs to the Manipuris. the Nagas and so on.
Both these players are from Demthring.
The song was sung by Pynshynna and Lamz and composed by Arjonbokstar Lyngdoh. The song was composed by Khasi tyngshop and puron, including Lilymary Nongrem and Lambestar Thongni.
In January, there was no heavy rain, and even if we traveled for a few days in July, the rainfall was so low that it could not fill even the water tank at home .
The Union of Waheh Chnongs Jowai together with the District Tourism Officer, West Jaintia Hills District congratulated all the workers who have been able to accomplish this year and in the past through their cooperation.
Besides, the MLA also laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Mylliem Government LP School.
Jan Dhan Plus program encourages low income women to save, with more than 12 million women using it (as of June 2023) and 50% increase in balance in just three months , compared to overall this over the same period.
Whether you are small or large, whether you are poor or rich, whether you earn a day's salary or a monthly salary, whether you earn shiphew or earn lakhs of billions in front of the power as a voter, we are all equal. vote per capita and those who are entitled to vote under the provisions of the Constitution of India, which provides that all those who have reached the age of 18 years shall be eligible to vote. the right to vote and this is the fundamental right of every citizen of the country.
Nongstoin, Nailar 17: A Sub Inspector of Pyndengrei Village, Nongstoin WKHD, has been temporarily suspended for causing trouble in Pyndengrei Village, Nongstoin WKHD. At 10:20 PM, the policeman opened fire with his pistol and threatened to shoot the VDPs who were coming to warn from the house that he had celebrated more than 100 minutes. you have not been appointed to the Shnong.
Shillong: Meirad Desi Lyngdoh Langrin, Wahkaji, South West Khasi Hills, passed away on the 16th June 2020 and the funeral service will be held on the 19th June 2020 at the church cemetery. Presbyterian Revelation.
We want to talk only about the court order relating to the Roster”.
There have also been decompose plants and Korean companies have come to see how to generate electricity from waste.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Labor Department, the Chairperson of the Committee, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that the committee has given the Labor Department six months to collect the census. employees across the state whose opportunities are limited to this type of job.
Police have recovered a knife and an SBBL rifle from Kumno.
Thus, in the midst of that peacemaking, there is a war because the war comes from the heart of man.
He said that in the coming months, such incidents will appear more frequently and reminded that not only from one political party but from others will see that their MLAs will flee to another party. establish.
KSU Narpuh and KSU Khliehriat under the leadership of KS Suchiang, Streamly Niangti and other members of the KSU on Tuesday protested and shut down these factories for three hours. Marvel Nangbah of Chiehruphi who has been appointed to replace his late father at Goldstone Cement.
This is the scheme for the year 2012-2013, said the MPUF leaders who said that they have not talked about the new scheme which Prof. Laloo has not launched yet.
The winner of the women's team from Nongpoh received a cash prize of T.10,000 and a trophy and the runner-up Hustles received a cash prize of T.7,000 and a trophy.
Furthermore, it was learned that the raid on such illegal petrol and diesel outlets is not only in Ri Bhoi, but also in parts of East Khasi Hills where Police have launched a campaign to curb such illegal activities committed by the smugglers of petrol and diesel by mixing them with alcohol or other ingredients.
Head Warder Rajesh Swer, Warder Pyndapbor Bamon and Chamilan Kynjing Warder have been suspended from their posts. Temporary Warders Damelahun Sunn and Alexius Ïawram have been suspended.
Tynsong said the Cabinet has also approved the Meghalaya Forest Subordinate Service Rules,
There are 54 schools participating in the tournament including 28 schools in the Under-17 Boys category and 26 schools in the Under-14 Boys category.
According to sources, three people including the driver were in the truck.
They are accused of killing their brother Bah Lobster Pyngrope over a land dispute in November,
The Dorbar Shnong has urged others to come and get the COVID-19 vaccination to protect themselves and their relatives and to prevent the spread of the disease.
The UDP said that it is surprising that as soon as such announcements were made by the political secretary of the party, four ANVC-B rebels were shot dead by the police. The arrest of the four militants is an attempt to suppress evidence that the Prime Minister has links with the militants.
Lajong have 17 points and are in third place with three wins.
Nongpoh, July 15: The Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation, Bhoilasa Circle in collaboration with the Department of Fisheries, today visited the About 25,000 fish seeds in the Umiam River in Mynsaiñ and Pynthor villages.
The programme, which was conducted with the aim of identifying talented sportsmen from all the districts of Meghalaya, witnessed the strong participation of the students of the area. compete in events like Compass Drill, Vertical Jump, 20 Meter Sprint, 10 Meter Ladder Run and others.
He said that when the JHTOA talks to them, their words are very clear but in the implementation nothing works, and this behavior of these factories is very sad because they don't count the state owners who earn money from the trucks.
The Government of Meghalaya, under the Supreme Court, has informed through the Advocate General of Meghalaya that in Meghalaya, the situation is different where the majority of the population (85%) are national, and therefore, allocation of more than 50% is justified.
The Open Category will be held on the 26th June, 2024 at 6 pm.
Damewanhi Rymbai, resident of Wapungskur, East Jaintia Hills District, is his first step in politics, government and serving the people. The primary objective is to bring about a clean environment in the political sphere (Clean Politics).
Police should not be drunk while on duty because if they are drunk they cannot maintain Law and Order.
Jowai, Jymmang 10: The Hill Farmers Union (HU) West Jaintia Hills District Unit invites all farmers to attend the celebration of the 31st Foundation Day of the Hills Farmers Union on the 13th June, 2023 at Ummulong Community Hall. (Madan Khawang) at Ummulong Village, Meghalaya.
If you don't know how to brush your hair or paint your hair with forty different colours, you will be called stupid.
The meeting was conducted by Bah IM Marak, Chairman of the Managing Committee, Khonjoy A Government Lower Primary School. Congratulations to the Church Choir and welcome speech by BR Marak, Secretary of the Managing Committee.
Police said that they have taken special measures to conduct an investigation against these robbers.
She said that often children are abused by those who are close to them through food and others and as parents, teachers and others need to monitor the behavior of these children.
Gaza authorities said more than 500 people were killed, including children.
In the second half, Galaxy FC scored the first goal through Stephan Lanongong in the 56th minute after a beautiful pass.
At that time of 1,000 years “the Lord shall be king over all the earth: in that day shall the Lord be one, and his name one” Zechariah 14:1-9
The Delhi batsmen managed to score 139 runs together before losing one of them and the 10 teammates scored at least nine runs in one over.
Other candidates for the MLA election 2023 to be held on 27th June include MLA Bah Edelbert Nongrum from the VPP, Dr. Aman War, former DHS from the VPP. UDP, MH Kharkrang, IPS from BJP, former Nongspung MLA JA Lyngdoh from Congress, Elgiva G Rynjah from TMC, Michael Kharsyntiew independent candidate, Pastor K Pyrtuh KAM and others.
According to Section 4 of this Rule, all foreign workers are required to register themselves as foreign workers with the Labor Department through officers appointed by the Labor Department.
:The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laban Circle in a meeting with Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA South Shillong Constituency and Minister of State for Animal Husbandry, Veterinary, Arts and Culture on 16th November , 2022 on many issues related to Laban area and Bah Ricky Shullai who is former MDC of Laban Constituency was also present.
How can the GHADC not sell? Why wasn’t the public informed from the start? If they want to bring development projects, why don't they think about the people in this area first,” said the Committee.
Secondly, he said that the request that the government should take the case against Bah Michael Warjri, Secretary Hima Nongspung, because while he is still in Assam, it will continue. khih is on fire.
The Police Department should be commended for working tirelessly day and night to arrest the nationals and foreigners involved in the smuggling of drugs into Meghalaya.
For the Tura seat, those who have applied for tickets include Tura MDC Bernard N Marak, former MLAs Winnerson D Sangma and KC Boro, former Boston MDCs Ria Sangma and Thomas Marak.
We have just celebrated the 10th Anniversary of the International Literacy Day which falls every year on the 8th of November.
The MLAs of the area have said that when it is time for the session or dorbar, the MLAs have to stop the coal mining but as soon as the dorbar ends, it continues.
The body of the man was found on the 11th of this month at 7.00 pm, hanging himself from a tree about 30 feet high, according to the police. Police sources said that the family members of the deceased have said that he has been suffering from illness since last month. In fact, they had planned to go for medicine but he had told his family not to suffer for his illness because he was old.
Police have arrested the two and are questioning them till today.
The JSM and JSU as a sign of condolences to the family of this woman went to the house of Nimai Phawa.
Dr Paul said that income and the environment should go hand in hand.
Shillong, July 21 : The KSU Nongthymmai Circle on 19.01.2024 has awarded the U So So Tham Academic Award 2022-23 to 75 students who have passed well in various fields of study. Herman Hall of the parish.
Jowai, November 04: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Namdong Area Unit (KSU) has received a complaint from the people who went to the Community Health Center (CHC) Namdong for medical treatment. Today, 4th November 2023, the union has inspected and found that many of the employees who did not come for testing and those who did not come They don't come at the right time, where even until 11 or 11:30 pm there are no workers and they leave for work or go back at 2 or 3:00 pm.
On the ban on coal mining in the state, the Committee said that there is a need to improve this sector and the state government should ensure that coal mining should be done with modern technology.
Shillong, June 21: A meeting convened by the North Eastern Hills University (NEHU) with the Principals and Heads of Schools on Friday decided to accept the holding of the Common University Entrance Test (CUET)-2022.
The diagnosis given by Mr. Prestone is that the factory has been infected with a terrible virus, which cannot be cured by any drug.
He also urged the police at the Infiltration Gate not only to check commercial vehicles, but also private vehicles and even trucks.
At the same time, the party strongly warns against some Sordars/Rangbah Shnongs and Mynnongs of Political Agents who are suspected of helping foreigners to obtain documents and to enter foreigners. EPIC for personal gain, without considering the future of the nation's heritage.
Josper S.Dura Heracles shot with a sword the human-like beast, Nessus, after he had thrown the sword into the blood of Hydra, because Nessus was about to commit immorality and without rain to your wife, Deianeira.
Shillong: The Khasi Authors Society (KAS) will hold a rally at Malki Square on the 22nd of this month to demand the recognition of the Khasi language by the state government and the Indian government. in Article 8 (Phra) of the Constitution of India.
They alleged that the government has informed those students who have passed the DSC that the appointment period has expired. and cannot be extended.
If left untreated, it can increase blood pressure and endanger health.
The country's women's blind cricket team will represent the country in the bilateral series against Nepal.
Compared to the 59 constituencies which have already cast their votes on 27th June, Sohiong comes in the top positions along with several other constituencies where the people have turned out. Polling Station to exercise the power to elect a member of the Legislative Assembly.
If they cannot, they are encouraged to resign or resign from this permanent position.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 66 new cases.
When Banisha heard that question from her room, she was shocked because she was too busy with her own business.
They took Kiang to the police station in Jwai; Brigadier Dunsford and Captain Morton were arrested.
At the same time, the union urged the state government to abolish those committees and it is time to show their strength and do something about the border.
On the morning of March 7, Rachel and her husband, David, were arrested by Hamas militants and as soon as they entered, the militants said they had no intention of torturing them. but they shall surely die on that day.
As soon as he begins to rule, he will enter the land of Israel (the glorious land) and make a covenant to take control of Jerusalem, because Jerusalem is the first target of Satan.
Now God has gathered them back from 1948 to this day which is 75 years.
In the world, only Bengal and Assam grow this plant.
The winner will receive a cash prize of T.1 lakh and the runner-up will receive T.
About 114 houses have been included in the C2 Category and these need to be demolished or repaired.
He said that in the next 50 years if people do not respect the forests and rivers, the time will come when the biggest challenge is the water shortage. the surface of the earth only for drought will become a great war.
This demand and urge highlights the need to take implementation measures to ensure safety for passengers on the highway, as well as to protect and prevent the endangerment of human life and property from the activities of conduct of truck drivers.
On the alleged exploitation of weightbridges, he said it is the duty of the department to look into whether these allegations are true or not.
The scheme to supply electricity to Sabuda has been approved by the Central Government through the State Government and the village has already submitted the NOC to MEPDCL. At the same time, a letter has been sent to the District Authorities of Ri Bhoi.
Mulait United FC and Jalaphet Bri Sumer FC have come to the top of the points table in the Super Division Football League of the Saipung Block Sports Association (SBSA).
The death toll from Cyclone Gabrielle in New Zealand has risen to eight, according to reports received so far. on Wednesday morning.
Shillong: After a thorough search, a team of police together with the health department, this evening, have arrested Toda Mawthoh from Rynjah, after he escaped from the containment area of ​​the police station. Northern, Malki.
It is also shown in the footage that the company parked its heavy machinery to work on the project.
Professor SK Chaube said that this is an Act of State and is against the will of the Khasi States which were incorporated into Assam after the implementation of the Constitution.
A key part of bringing pride is continued product improvement initiatives, he said.
Speaking as the chief guest, Basan urged the trainees to take responsibility for the training and do the job they have been trained.
Jeffree Surong scored the first goal for Mulait United FC in the 115th minute after the match was taken to extra time. there is no one who can stir up trouble.
He also hoped that the existence of this wine incubation center will open up the opportunity for local entrepreneurs to try to use this equipment and increase their income. coat through wine production through fruit.
She said that the NPP is clear, that is to strengthen the vote in the constituencies under the Shillong Parliamentary constituency, to move forward with the issues that have been pending for some time. eiei by MP if you are the winner.
During the investigation, she told about Rihun Dkhar, who gave her money to smuggle a drug list.
The program was organized by the staff of Childline, which is run by the Jaintia Hills Development Society, a NGO of Jowai District.
According to him, it has been a great honor for the Jaidbynriew to have two scholars who speak more than 12 languages.
"The fourth curfew will be different with the new laws," Modi said.
Israel has responded to Hamas's attempt to kill 150 hostages by threatening to strike parts of the Gaza Strip with 600 warplanes. and 300 bomb machines.
Long Pohshna is involved in the rape of a 19 year old woman on
Besides, the Pdengshakap to Muktapur road is one of the worst roads and will now be constructed for the convenience of the people at a cost of Rs 20 crore.
The team is currently fifth in the table with 16 points from nine games.
Meanwhile, Laitumkhrah MDC Antonio War suggested that the Council should also charge taxes on those who post advertisements in the areas under the jurisdiction of the Council.
Therefore, the farmers of West Jaintia Hills District have sent a clear message to unite against the kilo cut, and they feel sorry for the kilo cut of their crops. with you smile.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that the Government will discuss with the NHM regarding the demands of MEMRIWU as the Government itself cannot take any decision. because the employees of EMRI-108 are employees of the Company and not government employees.
They said that there are allegations that Kong Angela and other leaders used to receive money from the vendors in the square, but this is just talking to avoid trouble, because the leaders and Kong Angela don't get any money. shi tyngka spirit from this work.
The Scheme will run for four months from 10th July to 30th November, 2016 to collect all the information on income and assets and penalties for non-payment during these months. must be paid before 30th November.
In Meghalaya, not only is corruption rampant, but the most terrible is the discrimination and discrimination in employment.
At this meeting, they were still discussing how to form a group that will be attended by all, including community leaders, party leaders, religious leaders and others.
Police have completed the postmortem at Khliehriat Civil Hospital and the body of the woman has been handed over to the family members of the Khliehriat Civil Hospital. shed.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Felicita L Majaw expressed many views on the incidents against women such as the discrimination against women. in society that we need to eradicate and as Longkmie we should have the right to live in peace in society.
They also said that the presence of the police station in the area has encouraged and reassured the people from the Karbi Anglong (Assam) Forest Department to collect taxes on their agricultural products. , which was produced by the people of these villages when they intended to sell in the market.
Shillong, 27: Three Chief Police Officers of Meghalaya will receive the General's Commendation Rolls award from the Director General's Commendation Rolls.
“The Taliban is much better than the BJP,” he said.
Nongpoh: Congress MLAs and MDCs, this morning visited Iongkhuli village, border village in Umtyrnga area, to inquire about the raid by Assam Police on electricity posts. The Government of Meghalaya through the Department of Electricity.
The WJDSA has also urged all clubs or teams playing in the Third Division known as the 4th Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy to pay the entry fee of T.2000 per club.
“When the school completes 10 years, it aims to train 500 students every year at diploma, degree and master degree level,” he said. is to first admit 200 students.
God the Creator has blessed our nation and our mountains with the natural resources, the love and the skills of all kinds if we use them properly.
Speaking to reporters, the Sports Secretary of FKJGP, Bah Banshan Nongbet said that the FKJGP has decided to The tournament has been given until the 21st of November to register and the starting date of the tournament will be on the 28th of November at the NSCA Stadium. King, Nongpoh.
Batyngshaiñ Rynga said that his foundation is to preserve the land, to preserve the customs and traditions and to strengthen the khaddar rule among other issues.
On the other hand, Bah Syiem urged the Government through the relevant departments to conduct any kind of training or explanation so that the farmers will be aware of the the fish is lymmuh.
Two goals were scored in the 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy match between Mooknor and Ialong at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Friday.
These three things are things that all of us can do, but according to the government's order, most of the people do not follow these guidelines which can lead to the spread of COVID-1
Educational Qualification:- Graduation in any discipline from any recognized University.
She said that this action of the policeman has shocked her mind and put her life in danger and affected her dignity as a woman.
It has been seen that only the statements of the politicians who are now in the MDA Government are speaking without evidence and are just self-righteous.
The Dorbar Shnong has also issued a strict prohibition to the visitors and even the villagers not to behave rudely in the area and at the same time not to throw garbage, bread bitor kyiad and plastic bread, as this affects not only the cleanliness of the pond but also the fire, said the village leaders.
After the meeting with Lapang, Sonia Gandhi has summoned Pynshngaiñ N Syiem and Syiem has rushed to Delhi to meet Sonia Gandhi. , but it is not yet known whether the meeting with Sonia will be held tonight or tomorrow.
At the same time, he said that the EC has decided to hold the Budget Session of the Council from 24th to 28th July, 2023 after consultation with the Chairman of the Council.
During the inspection, U Nongsaiñ Hima found that the road inside the hospital has been covered with trees.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah D.Toi Executive Engineer, PHE, Nongstoiñ Division said, “If we are clean people, we will have a healthy body and a healthy spirit. It was Mahatma Gandhi who fought hard to spread cleanliness first in India. We must know for ourselves how to be clean”.
He said that the MP Rajya Sabha's contribution was also after witnessing the success of the Escape To Nongjrong festival which was held on the 16th and 17th June, 2024 near the Umngot River.
so it will be a big problem.
While announcing the donation of T 1 lakh to Nandi, MLA and Minister of State Bah Sanbor Shullai said that Jetwings is ready to help more than 300 students of the constituency. Gargee expressed her gratitude and hope that Gargee will bring honor to her family and Meghalaya in the upcoming competition in Calcutta which will also be the third and final attempt.
Dr Prakash Kishore, Dr Prakash Kishore and other artists from the state were Bah Raphael Warjri, Benedict S Hynniewta, Samla Naphisabiang Khongwir, Dipankar Sinha and Divesh Baruah. There are many beautiful pictures in this worldwide competition.
Three of these youths stripped off their clothes and walked against the NH
While the Congress party, as expected, will win in 4 to 5 constituencies, the others will win in 2 constituencies.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that today's program is small, but it is a great building and it is also a blessing for the people. longdien who cannot use this playground.
“We have issued the rules, through public consultation, in which we have set the rules for the weight of school bags and this is in accordance with the directive of the Union Human Resources Development Ministry, thinking that “The weight of these books will not affect their health,” said Bah DP Wahlang, Principal Secretary, Education Department.
If that doesn't work, take these procedures to the outskirts to avoid the inconvenience to the people.
If this characteristic of the two has a true love, shaped by the Creator, it will lead to love, through parents and children, here there will be trust not only in the shynrnag to the but the whole household has confidence in the parents to manage the property entrusted to them by their parents.
(d) At Iew – Mylliem: The Sankur – Khadwei Kur Mylliem has been appointed since the time of Lhir Sohtun and honored during the ancient victory and the Lympat – head of the people who came to win the war.
Many people in the urban areas are also afraid to give us rural children who come from poor families a house because we cannot afford to pay the rent.
When attempting to contact the UDP members, one of the MDCs said that he was at home and did not join any group but they called him from both sides.
Shillong: The Seng Khasi Kmie, Shillong, today climbed up Lum Shyllong to hold a prayer meeting to ask for the protection of the 'Lei Shyllong, who is one of the Ryngkew ki Basa. Therefore, I would like to ask you to take care of the country and the Hynniewtrep people as a whole so that it will be free from the spread of the Covod:19 or Coronavirus.
Arunachal tied for 65 runs in 28.5 overs with Bharat Gurung 4/9, Magotra 4/11 and Nirdesh Baisoya 2/2
The plant used to cover the ground is a sder-like plant.
Rona also raised the question whether the post of 1st Class Magistrate has been appointed or not. The answer she received from the CEM was yes. You have not yet completed your personal interview.
He added, “I don’t look back, I will look forward.
“Bah Samlin also said that he has not received any information yet, the party has a close relationship with its MLAs, we will have to discuss such talks,” said Bah Witting.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Ampareen said, “While we have not received any suggestions or guidelines or questions as to what the political parties want, we cannot set up an Expert Committee because of them. members should be elected and appointed after knowing what areas or issues the political parties want to change or correct or clarify in the policy".
Shillong, Nailur, 15: U Bah Gloucester Nongbet, one of the prominent singers of Meghalaya, will be one of the 84 winners of the Sangeet Natak Academy Amrit Awards. the Azadi Amrit Festival.
:The Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDS), which is one of the NGOs in the community, today opened a 60 day training center for 30 people. The women of the Society are located at Bishop's House, Lumbih.
Police recovered an SLR magazine with 29 live SLR rounds, a 9mm magazine and two 9mm rounds, a GNLA ID of Matchang Marak, 20 demand letters. AMEF money, AMEF seals and other firearms, the search at the scene is ongoing.
Speaking to reporters, the leaders of the group said that MYTDS is working for the development of the youth of the state in the field of tourism, but this time, it has turned its attention to the development of tourism. by encouraging them to rise in the ranks of beauty pageants and to showcase their talents and intelligence.
Many of us the people are involved in jali jaum, pah and khroh and we don't understand that whoever we should elect and carry out the responsibility of the country, we are led equally. only by feeling, but not by adult reason.
Jowai, Nailur 17: The 6th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy of the 2nd Division Football Tournament 2023 was held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
The democratic setup of our country has failed to produce those leaders who are worthy of leadership, but there have been many leaders who have not yet reached their minds and perhaps nor does it provide a true service to the people.
The Seng Nongrep and the farmers have requested the CEM of KHADC, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit to address this issue. The Raid Sohkhwai has issued the same order through the newspaper that the Raid Dorbar held on 14th June has announced that the land owners should renew their land titles. their land after the expiry of the period within three years.
He said that these funds are not only for the implementation of the schemes of the MDCs but also for the payment of salaries of the employees.
The Israel Peace Treaty.
Please call us at
Speaking to reporters, Area Manager of the company Amit Das said that these glasses are the Switchers Collection which the company has introduced this year and the price starts from T.4995 tyngka.
The Principal said that the school is ready to welcome any assistance if it is in any field because the school needs and has to start again from the beginning. .
However, in response to the Congress demand, Prestone said the government cannot provide the names of the patients, as it violates the Medical Ethics.
Aurangabad: Congress MLA Abdul Sattar has taken away all 300 seats from his office in protest after he did not get a ticket to contest the upcoming MP elections. of the party, based in Central Maharashtra along with its followers.
In Shyllong Market, there are 200 Mawthengs of the 250 Mawthengs of the Kpoh Kur Lyngdoh Nonglyngkien and 29 Mawthungs of the Kñi Lyngdoh Kñia. .
However, we have not lost anything because the MLA has helped us,” said the Sordar of Mawkdok.
Jesus is very clear about this.
Speaking on the party's performance in the state, Bah Hek said, “Although the BJP has not won many constituencies, it has increased because the BJP has come second in nine constituencies”.
He said that many people have expressed that Mathematics should be made a compulsory subject, but for now the government will consider the suggestions of the Principals.
Federick Wahlang scored the first goal in the 52nd minute, Kynsai Lhuid scored the first goal in the 25th minute. Wanroyshang Sangma scored the first goal in the 68th minute.
One of those shot dead was Nazar Mohammad, a well-known Afghan comic, and tens of thousands of people have reportedly fled their homes. the attacks of the Taliban.
To survive on other planets or celestial bodies, man needs oxygen and food that can be grown only on this earth.
The competition was witnessed by Bah A. Lanong, Program Officer of MACS in the presence of Principal of Jaintia Eastern College Dr. Phervision Nongtdu and teachers.
A child should not think of himself as a fool just because he is a child but he should learn by good example along with the path shown by the youth, and a young man should not think he knows everything or proud just because he is young at the end. he had to associate with those who were old, because the old man had walked and seen the moon and the stars before he gave birth to the young man.
He also denied the rumors that his father has joined the BJP now, he cannot join other parties because he is not mentally fit.
The High Court has expressed its concern over the lack of pension as this is a right and if it is not paid on time, those who receive pension will suffer. .
Hundreds of other students have been rejected by the Indian government department, including those who have been slow to apply, according to the website of the department.
Due to the poor condition of the road, tourists from all over the world have stopped visiting these beautiful places and this has severely affected the income and livelihood of the tourists. people who used to earn a living from tourism in this area.
We're not the ones who started doing this, we're just the role models," Marcuise said.
Barisha Kharbani won the gold medal in the team while Dominica Phidahun Kharbani won the silver medal in the 29th State Karate Championship. committee and a bronze medal at that.
Muktieh said the total number of votes for the three candidates has reached 12,000 and the incumbent MLA David Nongrum has won with more than 6,000 votes. win.
Police have registered a case and the investigation is ongoing.
“We are against the construction of a railway line especially in Khasi Jaintia Hills until we can implement security measures to curb the entry of illegal immigrants. from bar the State.
The death toll is 10 from East Khasi Hills, 08 from West Garo Hills and 1 from West Jaintia Hills.
From the BJP, UDP, HSPDP and PDF, Conrad Sangma is afraid to call them sahep;
The scheme has reached more than 80 crore people and has been in operation to date.
Shillong, November 03: The President of the HSPDP, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, on Tuesday said that the party has not taken severe punishment against two MDCs, Bah L Goodleaderson Nongsiej and Morningstar Mawsor for visiting the National Assembly. The PDF has joined the ruling party in KHADC without the knowledge of the party.
The party has said that it will not stand idly by and will continue to monitor this issue, said the president of the party, Samla Jersom Shylla in a statement.
Shillong, Jymmang 16 : The election campaign for the United Democratic Party (UDP) candidate for Mawphlang constituency, Bah Beyond Matthew Kurbah at Nongspung village today turned into a platform to showcase the views of the facts. The incumbent Mawphlang MLA, Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh, on the great works that his father has done as a leader and also as a representative for the constituency and the State.
Until now, the school has been run by a Managing Committee in accordance with the rules and regulations laid down by the Education Department.
In the India/Bangladesh border areas, there are very few Khasi.
>Electricity distribution stations should be inspected once every five years in accordance with the provisions of the Act to prevent any faults that could cause injury.
Earlier, Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills Pravin Bakshi said that the National Food Security Act (NFSA) is a law to provide food to all the poor at affordable prices.
Although the police said that they have not arrested anyone, it is understood that the leaders of the Sengbhalang who called for the curfew are still on the run. the police.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Teibok, Bah Erasmus and others.
The newly elected members include: Purningstar Shabong, Vice-President i/c Finance Kampar Shabong, Vice-President Administration Kynsaijune Kharhunai, General Secretary Hamar Bamut Thabah, Asst Secretary Dhotdingstar Nongbri, Assistant Secy Sport Secretary Govanwell Malngiang, Environment Secretary Rambor Nongbri, Education Joinsngi Shabong, Publicity Banjied Kharjann and Organizing Secretary Livingstone Paliar including the Executive Members.
This is a new story that we must preach.
In the field, we don't want to work hard and we want the jobs of babu sahep and we fire tens of thousands of people for one peon or chowkidar job, but we don't want to work for ourselves. whether it is mystery work, factory work or other jobs and until now, we cannot live even for a day without the kharkaia, who provide food and jhur to our Ri Khasi Jaintia.
Imphal: A money theft took place at the State Bank of India (SBA) at K Salbung in Churachanpur district of Manipur on Friday evening.
The idea of ​​tipbriew tipblei in terms of the family refers to the responsibility of man as the father of the family how he lives and takes care of his children and how he enriches himself with wisdom and understanding: these things he does show the future: that the glory of the household is more precious to him than all the precious things which life can give.
Police said that on July 3 at about 3 pm, the Extra Assistant Commissioner of Khliehriat, Bah G. Warjri, found that the contractors included Satrim Munda, Md. Altab Hussain and Md. Firul. Islam, illegal coal mining in Rymbai area of ​​Deinchyn rum.
Under the leadership of Ma, the party has already announced the final list of candidates for the West and East Jaintia Hills Districts in September
The Sohtrun Fest-2023 is organized by the Department of Agriculture and Farmers and Welfare, Tourism Department of the Government of Meghalaya in collaboration with the Resident Commissioner's Office, New Delhi and Meghalaya Aid Ltd. The three-day exhibition started on Thursday at Dilli Haat, Ina, New Delhi and will end on 20th July
From there, the road passes through the plain area and crosses the Umsak headwaters.
The crematorium has a small hole in front of it and is said to have a distance of 50.60 meters to walk around, while those who want to visit can enter up to 200,300 meters.
Babu Soso Tham, the famous poet of Khasi Jaintia Hills, in one of his famous poems, once sang:-I will go to Sohra to climb the mountains, The land of Tiew sohkhah, Tiew pawing lum.
It has been more than a year since we went through this Covid-19 pandemic.
Nongpoh: Lionel Daryl Rymmei, 20, has returned to the state after representing India in the U-19 tournament organized by the South Asian Football Federation (SAFF). ) in Nepal, there were several groups, who welcomed him in several places in Ri Bhoi.
Bah Maiñbor Khyriem said that after receiving a complaint that some of the traders are selling illegally without renewing their documents in the area, the union has decided to inspect and found that almost all the traders have been selling illegally. these traders who traded through expired securities.
Nongpoh: U Dr. DD Lapang, Chief Minister of the State Government, who is now nearly 90 years old, has said that he will continue to serve the people while he is alive. He said that he is different from government officers, because when they retire they are no longer able to serve the people.
However, he said that there has been a heavy traffic jam on the NH-6 from Thangskai to Wahïajer due to the presence of some bad vehicles in many places on the road.
The victory of Lumshken over Shilliang Umshong changed the result and Tpepswer reached the quarterfinals.
These trucks, besides having to pay to the government, also have to pay taxes to those who show that they have the authority to collect money from them without any basis.
Up to 19 teachers of Shangpung College have received government salaries under the People's College Grant scheme.
“There are places where there is no water well and the department has to supply water and there are places where we don't get the cooperation of the residents due to lack of land,” he said.
At the same time, he urged the people to support this government which has done a lot from the settlement of the border, the construction of a new dorbar hall despite the difficulties faced by the lynshop. of Covid-19 in the past two years.
The Head of Police, Ri Bhoi District, Giri Prasad, said that the police seized the vehicle with heroin after they were arrested by two persons who were trying to come. Drugs smuggled to Shillong.
Every month we serve more than 400 children in the Centres,” said Pastor Reuben. long pat that is happy.
Nongstoin, June 26: After receiving a tip from the West Khasi Hills District Police, on a suspicion that some people were helping to hide weapons of the insurgents from Rilum Garo at one of the places. WKHD Police Station has sent a team of police from Shallang to conduct a search operation in the area.
Speaking on the site in Umdihar, the CM said that the connectivity of the area to the market through the neighboring railways and as a gateway to other countries from the state will become a trading hub. which is equal.
This change has been in the last two or three terms and the reason is that the money laundering has started.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: On Tuesday, 5th November 2013, Shri Raashid Alvi, Ex-MP Adviser to the Bureau of Parliamentary Studies and Training (BPST), on Tuesday read the Instrument of Parliamentary Studies and Training (BPST). He expressed his surprise to learn that these promises are still in force. The Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement (IOA&AA) has been signed and accepted. by the Government of India and the Khasi States on 17th July
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle and the Rangbah Shnongs of Narpuh Elaka have marched with placards and slogans condemning the injustice of the department. and state government.
We are happy now because it is a special day to remember me as an MLA and also for the people,” said Bah Banteidor.
Nongpoh: It will be a great joy for the farmers in Ri Bhoi, because today when Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of State Government visited Ri Bhoi, the leaders of the farmers groups in Ri Bhoi , they had the opportunity to express their views on the problems faced by the farmers.
The Naga Students Union (NSU) Shillong has awarded the prize at a meeting held at Shillong Club.
“The Khasi Hills has benefited greatly from being the beloved son of Meghalaya since it got its own state and therefore the question that they have been expelled is unfounded,” he added.
The organization is also recognized by the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) and has joined the IBBF. They are encouraged to take part abroad and this will attract others and how will it promote Meghalaya because when they go abroad they don't know about Meghalaya or Shillong.
The new cases include EGH: 03 (Others), EJH: 12 (Others), EKH: 443 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force-03, Others-440), NGH: 21 (Others), RBD : 89 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –05, Others–84), SWGH: 07 (Others), WGH: 15 (Others), WJH: 41 (Others) and WKH: 03 (Others).
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has suddenly appeared at Mot Kiang Nangbah near the Civil Hospital Shillong, to remind the people of Shillong, to remind them of the demand for ILP and other demands.
The closure of the tourist attraction in Darrang will continue until further notice.
Then he would drink smuk from the cow's milk, which had been cleaned.
Speaking to reporters, his wife, Divya Singh, said, “If I open my mouth about what has happened in the past 30 years, then this case will reach the Supreme Court”. She also said that the son, who stood beside the mother, was a good son and he saw the insult to her in various ways.
By A.JELLINGSTAR LYMBA Centuries have passed since the celebration of Christmas has been celebrated all over the world in its own ways according to religion and belief.
Therefore, our roads are only for ten years.
According to the President of BJYM, the arrest of the President of KSU is like the state government wants to create trouble after parts of the Khasi Hills have cooled down.
Shillong, Nailar 26: The State Government has announced that in order to smoothly collect revenue under the Central Sales Tax Act 1956, all coal traders who have received their registered certificates, must The advance deposit shall be made for each coal truck carrying coal through the Taxation Check Post which is only within the State.
At the same time, he said the NPP will win from Ranikor but he has no feeling for the contest of other parties in the government like the UDP and PDF.
She said the state has signed agreements with 10 companies from Guwahati, Pune, Kolkata, Bangalore and Delhi to provide training in 47 types of trades. you sap them.
With this defeat, Lajong FC are now in fourth place with 16 points from 40 games.
For NGH, Rakseng Marak scored 28 runs and Jeristho Marak scored 2/1
He said the meeting also urged the contractors to expedite the construction of the roads and complete the work before the rains, to facilitate the traffic of the people.
However, at the same time, James could not say how much the Garo Hills has been affected by the floods.
In his speech, Jaitley said that in the past many years, it has been seen that the allocation of funds from the Plan is good, while the flow of funds from the Non Plan is good. He said that the Government of India will work with the State Governments to implement this budget.
It is learned that the Umsning MLA has apologized to the peon for his actions and they do not want to reveal the matter outside.
He has held many positions in the Seng and headed the Cultural Committee for many years.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Chairman of Nongjri Dorbar Pyllun, Bah F.Nongkseh, said that there are 14 villages which have opposed the KHADC to issue a license to the company. There are also Umsning constituencies.
"How can the Saikia Company pay only 2 lakh50 without any objections, when the elderly man is able to provide for his children and family?"
In a letter sent to the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Metbah, who is also the President of the UDP, said that there has been strong opposition from all sides, from political parties, civil society. , religious organizations also on the government's plan to allow the opening of casinos in the state.
However, the Union said that so far, none of the arrested have escaped from jail despite the struggle of their lawyer.
Nongstoin, July 17: Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYM) West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday found that there is not a single employee at the PWD office in Nongstoin. the working hours of each day shall be as stipulated by the Government.
There are laws relating to pomdieng, coal mining, quarrying, uranium mining and other activities.
The U-14 team will qualify for the Sub-Junior National Football Championships to be held from 3rd to 13th November in Malda, West Bengal.
According to the POCSO Act, the Special Court should complete the case within one year, but so far in the last five years, four cases have been completed.
Shillong: The Ministry of Education, Government of India on Tuesday announced that Meghalaya and Nagaland have been released from the Common University Entrance Test (CUET)
Syntu is a widow, but she doesn't feel tired and works hard to provide for herself and her only child.
In the Under-18 Boys, Sajemiki Shylla won two gold medals in the 100m and 200m.
Jaiswal also spoke on issues related to corruption that was rampant during the Congress rule in Nagaland – and said that in the past 60 years , corruption cases are still pending against the state government officials.
He said that these buildings belong to the KHADC and some of them are built by the KHADC and handed over to the Hima and Villages. In the budget year 2018-2019 and 2019-2020, the KHADC has taken over Answering a question by Balajied Ranee, Pathaw said that the total number of buildings is 75, out of which 63 buildings have been allocated. buildings have been completed and there are 12 remaining.
The petition was signed by nine leaders, Professor Munsih Tamang President, Nikman Marak Vice President Stalyn Ingti Secretary, Bah KP Pangniang President HSPDP, Krishna Kanta Jamatia Vice President IPFT, Khupbailu Vice President Kuki Deman. Khersingh Teron Chairman JACAS, NFNS said that the demand for new states is in line with the provisions of the Constitution. Constitution”.
A march participated by two-wheeler riders and school children was also organized in the city to spread awareness about accident prevention.
He said that the High Court of Meghalaya is the right court to appeal if there are any irregularities and if the decision of the High Court is not approved, they can go back to the Supreme Court.
Regarding the existing coke, Reading said he is willing to say that the police will not dare to go and close down these coke especially those in Umtyra, Nongsning because they have already been owned and sold. “These coke owners will kill us, the coke owners who are like sheep like sheep, if they are in power, this is the “It's a terrible struggle, a struggle with documents and writings, we thank God that there are helpers who help us the ECC where God sends helpers,” said Bah War. .
The Khasi in the past did not think only of himself but also of the welfare of his brothers and sisters who were members of his family.
The muja does not understand the power over itself, it turns to punishment.
Shillong, Nailur 08: A day after the Cabinet decided to implement the CrPC and CPC Rules in all the courts, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Titos Chyne, the MDCs of Congress, Bah Ronnie V.Lyngdoh, Bah PN Syiem, HYC and Bah VG Kynta, Lawyer have expressed their strong opposition to this decision of the government which they said will affect the country. the working powers of the local authorities, especially in the field of justice.
Bah Michael Kharsyntiew, one of the members of the Ktiews Trust, said that these donations of the Trust to the Hospital are part of the support to the Hospital which has provided services to the people of state.
However, it has dropped again every month until today it has dropped to five tyngka per kilo.
The allocation of funds strengthens our understanding that we have a Central Government that is responsible for the welfare of Meghalaya.
He said that if these women are the owners of these shops, they should verify their documents at the KHADC as directed by the CEM. The residents of the Hima Mylliem can do whatever they want but within the Hima Mylliem ruled by the Syiem together with the Ministers and within the Syiem and the Ministers, they are the children of thousands. They are the sons of the thousands of the Hima Mylliem.
Recently, 19 persons have been arrested including TMC leader Richard Mrong Marak who contested the 2023 MLA election from South Tura and Salseng Ch Momin who contested the MDC election from Siju. constituency and they were arrested on charges of involvement in the riots.
They have to contest elections to promise many things to the people but as soon as the elections are over, all these issues have been forgotten and the people are not surprised anymore because this has happened from time to time,” he said. added.
In the petition, the Forum said, “We request you to agree to give 15% share, when you consider and amend the State Reservation Policy for the minorities in the State especially the Hajongs, Coaches, Rabhas, Boro-Kacharies and Manns and to allow them to rise and become equal to the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo”.
He said that in the city there are many villages like Malki, Laitumkhrah and others which allow women to elect Rangbah Shnong.
In the same way, the investigation into Kiang Nagbah was also conducted.
Speaking to reporters, CEM of Mawphlang, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, CEM of Mawphlang, said that the Khasi Heritage Conservation Forum (KHCF) has inspected the venue for the festival. He said that during the festival, from the drinking plates to the plates will be used as in the past, that is, with ktang siej and sla.
Regarding these problems and difficulties faced by the government, the Minister of Electricity said that the state needs to have thermal projects as until now the state has only one hydro project or one electricity supply. He said the government is trying to implement a 120 MW thermal project near Shahlang and the inspection and investigation into the project is ongoing.
It is the will of God, but Suki works as a doctor who is not a doctor, and she speaks as if she is not a doctor.
He said that the present government in power in the state is not strong but they live to bring about development only for themselves.
Not only that, the CEM said that it has been decided that all foreign workers should register their names and get a labor license and wear uniforms.
He said the introduction of Article 371 will not abolish the District Councils in the State, responding to the NPP's allegation that the VPP intends to abolish the District Councils.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 247 cases and in West Garo Hills, there are 90 cases.
The incident happened at Lumparing taxi rank in Laban.
U Bah Komik used to farm like the other villagers, but besides farming, he was able to create this musical instrument and to gather the believers in the village, how to make musical instruments. tiar put.
Pynursla MLA Prestone Tynsong, Nartiang MLA Sniawbhalang Dhar, Mawkyrwat MLA Rowel Lyngdoh and Umroi MLA Ngaitlang Dhar may leave the Congress before the elections. .
He replied that in fact he does not want to contest the election, but it is the people who encourage him and want him to contest again.
Earlier, before the meeting, a special wreath laying ceremony was held at the Mot of Tirot Sing Syiem in Mairang. including Bah John F Kharshiing to lay flowers at the monument.
Shillong, Naitung 03: U Bah Pynsuklang Khongwir, aged 39, has lost his life in an unknown explosion at his residence in Shillong. Lumkynsai is located in Smit, East Khasi Hills District.
In this regard, we don't know what the Government of India thinks, but we know clearly that these market vendors, or shopkeepers, are no different from the job card holders, the day laborers. ; Because when they had eaten and been locked up in the house for four or four months, their wages had gone plain and now their plates were empty with one mat, which these small merchants, They have to pay their old debts before they take other goods.
She also urged the students to take part in sports activities, as it is the most important along with their studies.
At least 47 people have been arrested on suspicion of involvement in the incident which resulted in the injury of several security personnel while the Prime Minister. He was holding a meeting with leaders of various organizations including ACHIK who demanded the implementation of the backlog policy and also the winter capital in Tura.
He said that as an MLA, he has not stopped to look after the disabled from government schemes and on his part, he is fighting as much as possible to bring special educational institutions for these people. special people because it is difficult to sit and study with others are enough because they need special training and attention.
To show you a little bit, you will find in Nongrah Parmaw area there are Lurshai churches, there are Baptist churches in Thangkhul which have notice boards to build residential areas.
On the visit of the ethnic parties, he said, “The supporters of the VPP don't need to doubt us, we will not thank or turn away from them, we will stand on the ground and we ask them to support us. We have put special prayers that we will walk in these 5 years in the midst of many difficulties with the people and our strong foundations.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Sanjay Goyal, has sent a letter to the Village Authorities and Churches to take action to prevent any incident. such as this which can affect the sense of community.
We are determined to host the North East Olympic Games in Shillong this year.
Nongpoh: After being insulted by one of the TV channels from Assam, the residents of Quinine village in Ri Bhoi, have stopped going to help the overturned vehicles in the village.
The men, on the other hand, are not too eager to interfere with the work of others, and some are more inclined to see the fairs.
Our country has many jobs for the youth but they should break their own path in new jobs.
The Hydro Project has severely affected the livelihood of the people of these two villages (Iooksi and Saphai) as they have lost hundreds of acres of farmland including the ' law kyntang and also a tourist attraction known as 'Umshit.
The rocket is currently falling slowly at four miles per second and will land at an inclination of 41 degrees to the north, or south and possibly also in Beijing, Sydney, Delhi and Rio de Janeiro.
At present, the people have to accept the MDA 2.0 or MDA II government because there is no other option.
In the fourth match, Lumbhahdakha beat Catholic Youth Mihmyntdu 3-1
Shillong: Former West Shillong MLA Paul Lyngdoh today announced that he will contest the MDC election from Jaiaw from the UDP to be held on 27th June .
Shillong: The owner of a house on Thana Road in Khyndai Lad, Amit Singhania, has expressed his regret that his house has turned into a spectacle for people to create stories.
He said that these textbooks will be used from Class I to Class XII but for schools teaching in Khasi and Garo languages ​​they can use the textbooks they are teaching now but from next year they will not be used. He said that for Social Science there is a section that needs to be deleted and therefore a committee has been set up so that they can arrange and change and include the sections of the state. and this work shall be done for ten years.
The EM of Labor Department said that in 2012, according to the end of year census, KHADC had issued Labor License to 6085 foreign workers.
He demanded that MePDCL should restructure the electricity supply system by doing the same without discrimination whether in rural or urban areas.
He said the meeting also decided to rename the Department of Agriculture to Agriculture and Farmers Welfare as the central government has done.
Runway: From JN Stadium Gate No.1 – Polo Bazar – 4 th Furlong – B.K.Bajoria Junction – B.K.Bajoria – PGT College – Shillong Commerce College – Shillong College – Don Bosco Square – Laitumkhrah Police Point – Laitumkhrah Police Beat House – Fire Brigade – St Edmund's School – Dhankheti – Malki Point – Barik Point – Civil Hospital – State Central Library – Meghalaya Secretariat – DC Office – Governor House – to Wards Lake – CM Bungalow – Polo Tower – Polo Bazar and ended at JN Stadium Gate No .1.
Speaking on the occasion, the suspect was identified as Dilbahadur Thapa, a Nepali national. Police in Ri Bhoi District have arrested him. He was arrested and charged under Section 302 IPC for murder.
Mukhap Handloom has come to exhibit its own clothes.
About 11 drone manufacturing companies and drone agencies came to witness and observe the results of the test. the week is not over.
Khraw said that the Union's opposition is also to inform the army that the land owners are opposed.
On the other hand, the KNGCSU has decided to continue the protest and has decided to march again on Tuesday morning as it did today.
The three-judge bench headed by Chief Justice SH Kapadia said that manufacturers can produce vehicles and vehicles within the limit of visual light transmission (VLT) of % from the eyes and 40% from the doors.
When I pray, I throw away all my problems before God and ask for His guidance. Secondly, it is the school I went to after graduating from a school that has inside the village.
In a statement issued by the Superintendent of Police (SP), East Khasi Hills, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, it was on this occasion that the Shillong Traffic Police conducted a search operation and arrested the suspect. vehicles and two wheels equipped with silencers.
Jowai, Naiwieng 11: U Nangbha Rymbai from Panaliar village, Jowai, West Jaintia Hills District, has been the winner of the online competition titled “Khasi Traditional Show 2023” organized by the Khasi Indigenous Foundation. from 10 to 25 October
The ceremony was held at the office of the Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi, Nongpoh, where the Superintendent of Police, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa took part as the chief guest. The promotion of these police officers in the presence of other police officers of Ri Bhoi.
Speaking to Rupang, BJP President Khlur Lyngdoh said the BJP is still waiting for an invitation from the Delhi leaders.
To ensure that the election to the Legislative Assembly of the State will be free, fair and orderly, the District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District, BS Sohliya has directed all licensed firearms owners in the district to come and vote. The firearms will be distributed to the nearest police station and will be returned after the end of the election.
Shillong: The Minister in charge of Water Supply Scheme, Meghalaya, u Samlin Malngiang today said that the construction of water pipes in Shillong under the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme phase three has been completed. The State Government has allocated T.60 crore from the North Eastern Council.
If God had not done this, man would have been a mere creature to exist on earth without life.
He said that at present the government does not have the funds, but he said that the central government will invest in the budget to ensure that the necessary issues that the government has put forward should be implemented. complete.
What we cannot understand is how the State Government under the leadership of the Prime Minister and the Minister of Electricity allow the REC to force the Government to introduce this rule which affects not only the MeECL/MePDCL but the State as a whole besides having to pay the original price of the loan along with the interest.
On the other hand, the office has already sent the monthly salary of the muster roll workers in Amlarem Sub Division to the Division in Jowai.
If they continue to fill up the backlogs since 1972, there will be no jobs for Khasi and Jaintia.
Mrityunjay Bharali scored eight not out while Avinash Rai scored four runs.
They said that the government has given the reason for the delay in delivering the money from the central government. can provide the stipend to the students in a timely manner.
“We have already written a letter inviting them to attend the meeting but they have not come.
The talks for the MDC elections in KHADC and JHADC have started now and if the people really want, the VPP will win the elections in KHADC and there will be hope in JHADC. Therefore, we cannot ignore what many people have said about the VPP. Unfortunately, there are many people who want to contest MDC from the VPP across the constituencies.
Kharkrang said that the search operation will continue by the Special Infiltration Squad.
On the second day, Bharat earned another Rs 31 crore and on Thursday, it earned Rs 28 crore, bringing the total to Rs 100 crore.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, today said that the state government has decided not to allow the students staying in hostels. by private individuals from June until further notice.
The Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ainam Syiem, was accompanied by the Ministers of the Hima.
When you arrive today in Tura, the villages and townships have covered with beautiful colors after banners or posters, large and small, have been carried on all the streets to show the sign of the city. is ready to host and hold this major sporting event in the State and to run smoothly.
MCSWA member H Syngkon explained about his experience and how he can escape from the drug addiction.
It is also estimated that the payment of debt for the year 2019-2020 will be T.746 crore and the payment of old age pension will be T.855 crore.
Those rich men who deposit tens of lakhs, tens of crores and hundreds of crores of rupees in banks will be accounted for by the government.
It is learned that in other districts, the Deputy Commissioners have to hoist the Indian flag without the participation of the people and government officials.
“The government doesn't have time to talk to anyone (Tom, Dick and Harry) and it's useless to talk too much because I don't know him at all and I don't have anything to talk to him about.
The ceremony was held at Yadalada Villa, Kdohhati Dulong, Jowai on Tuesday.
“Bah Anthony is not a member of KHNAM but his relationship with us is for the sake of responsibility for the life and death of the people,” said the statement.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The CSWO under the leadership of Irene Hujon as President has expressed its dissatisfaction with the recruitment of police officers in which perhaps may involve fraud.
He said that among the manufacturers of traditional musical instruments from the state, he has been ranked at the forefront and the most marketable and has also earned the title of They are the leaders in the production of traditional musical instruments.
The Congress, TMC and VPP MLAs have come out to protest against the Voting of Demand for Grant before the Finance Minister responds to the question.
“I invite those who want to know my property, they can search through RTI, if they want to know enough and they have to go through the legal process, a The world will know how many old cars I bought with my own money.
The Rangbad Village Council of Lumbhahdakha Village was also present.
The trial may begin in August/September.
“You have become experienced elders and we believe that you will be able to resolve this issue.
The President of the Union, Nidamon Chulet in his speech, expressed his desire to work together with the Waheh Shnongs of Laskeiñ Block.
The time for the construction of this road has been less than six months, as the contractor has to submit the Detail Project Report before the PWD Department can give its approval.
Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, in the presence of Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Chief Minister, inaugurated the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya at the State Central Library. , Sanbor Shullai, Minister of Justice, Rebecca V Suchiang, Chief Secretary, FR Kharkongor, Secretary of the Department of Justice including lyndan, barristers, poets and members of civil society organizations.
For Kerala, Jilu George scored 56 runs.
Then the Lyngngam fled for three nights and three days in ships or 'phan' in the Lyngngam language by climbing the Brahmaputra River until they reached a place called YIAPRAREV (pronounced 'yiap'). -rare').
The final match of the day was between Rngibah SC and Tanglei FC where Rngibah SC won 1-0 through a free kick from Riskhemlang Khriam in the 33rd minute.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, today issued an order that all sumos, buses, taxis, auto rickshaws and two wheelers should operate and carry passengers as usual. in accordance with the provisions of the Motor Vehicle Act.
Also present at the rally was the party candidate, Bah Process T Sawkmie, MLA of the area who recently resigned before joining the UDP party. The President Rangbah of the party who is also the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh and other party leaders.
The plight of the poor was discussed through the speeches of the dignitaries, including the Head of ICSSR, Prof B Panda, and Dr Jank Jhankar Narzari, Dr Jank Jhankar Narzari, u head of the Santikhetan Kala Bhavan Practoni.
Rupang also asked other forecasters and forecasters on the method of rainfall whether it is possible or not. If the government has a strong belief that they can do this, they will be able to do this.
The Hills People's Union (HPU) was formed, but the government temporarily collapsed because Bah BB Lyngdoh did not agree with the Hills People's Union (HPU). Congress to form the first coalition government in India.
Oridamai Laloo is the mother of Manwot Laloo and the brother of Langkio Laloo.
Once again, the Government of Meghalaya is urged to take immediate action to negotiate with the Central Government (India) together with the Defense Ministry to have mercy on us the children of Hynniew-Trep to withdraw the troops. all of the above mentioned sites, namely – Shillong and Rangmen (Dam Site).
Shillong, Jymmang 01 : The MLAs of the State will soon be able to speak in their own languages, Khasi, Garo and Jaintia in the Legislative Assembly, said the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma. speaking to the media on Friday.
They said that if there is no kilo cut, it will be a benefit because the kilo cut of agricultural products will help them in the cost of transportation and the cost of planting and burial.
In these days, the Seng will lodge a complaint with the relevant department to send the roster and the youth will not wait.
Sanbor's meeting with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare was on the issue of the young nurses who have complained to him that the government intends to terminate their 3rd contract. year with the government they still work for.
In many cases, especially in the countryside, the election is more than a prayer.
It is worth mentioning that Bah Romeo is an illiterate person and most of the time when he writes these books he writes only in uppercase letters and changes them to lowercase letters when typing and printing.
The MLAs also handed over a letter to the Deputy Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Timothy D Shira for introduction in the Legislative Assembly.
And the root cause is the confusion over the meaning of the word cadre or cadre strength, in relation to Reservation.
According to the information received, the quarries and quarries in the area have been operated by the Assamese in the name of the Khasi. have the opportunity to work at will to carry stone and earth and to earn money for themselves.
The names of all the new office bearers of the Congress Youth Party have been sent to the party leadership for approval.
The celebration also includes a variety of activities for the children and youth of the Warjri clan throughout the year including Football, Basketball, Painting, Essay, Poetry, Dancing, Music and in the step of The day of the meeting was held at Marathon.
Nongstoin, June 13: The Superintendent of Police (WSP) of West Khasi Hills District, Bah BJ Laloo, today said that Bah Parling Lyngdoh, resident of Upper New Nongstoin, has lodged a complaint at the Nongstoin Police Station. His daughter, Balarisuk Marbaniang, 25, was arrested.
On Sunday morning, they went to church at the Sacred Heart Catholic Church in St. Ives.
This difference between one kur and another is because those kurs who are involved come from the same thymmei or ȉawbei or have been agreed upon in religion.
Shillong, Lber 17: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has not yet announced its candidates for the 2014 Lok Sabha MP elections. The BJP has not yet announced its candidate.
He said that the people should forget the past and the defeat of his father Bah Nit Shabong, former MLA in 1988 has postponed the Sohiong Constituency for 35 years but in There will be a change to improve Sohiong.
" (Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere).
The collapse of the well was caused by the heavy rainfall yesterday which has caused all the districts to be flooded not only in Shillong but also in the rural areas.
In this incident, there were no injuries.
The JSM has also donated to the Quarantine Centers in the village.
Speaking to media, Bah Reginald said that if the Director fails to cooperate, the party will take other measures due to the investigation into the allegation that he was involved in misuse of the More than Rs 2 crore has been received so far.
The Chief Minister was welcomed by the CEM of KHADC along with the EMs and was taken to the House. in the Official Gallery and the Chief Minister sat for about 15 minutes inside the District Council.
Expressing that there is a big difference between the officers who are still in service and those who have retired, Prestone said, “When we appointed the officers who are still in service, we have spent money. .
Shillong: Two new cases of covid-19 have been confirmed in Shillong today, one from Nongthymmai and one from South West Garo Hills.
He strongly criticized the MDCs of JHADC for not passing laws to protect the cleanliness and trade but they have time to pass laws to increase their salaries even when the Council does not have the money. There is a lack of leadership in JHADC.
On the day of his arrival, tens of thousands of people were waiting for him.
“Earlier, the Minister of Science and Technology and Earth Sciences, Dr Harsh Vardhan inaugurated the Shillong Geophysical Research Center for the study of “The Minister of Human Resources Development (HRD) Smriti Zuban Irani has come to honor the students at NEHU,” said Bah Shibun.
The mother of Bah Mit, Kong Phrrin Mawkon, 80, said that when someone came to tell her that her son had died at a farm in Jaintia Hills, as people who still hold the traditional religion, they went. One from Tangmang, one from Mawlam and one from Nongmadan, all three are now dead.
Inside the shop, another 58-year-old man, Tell Shyrmang, from Pamrapaithlu village, was found dead.
They will resign as MLAs on the 4th of July and join the NPP. Jason will join the party on the 6th in Umsning, Hamlet on the 7th and Samlin on the 7th.
And one of those wisdoms is the Vanua philosophy of the Fijians which can revive the natural world.
According to Hymmen, Bah Batskhem Kharsahnoh and relative of Bah Lovingson Shadap, the robbers tied Fullmoon Kharsahnoh with a rope from his hands, feet and neck. signs of mong on the head, neck and face.
The dance teacher and costume designer was Deicy Mawblei and the song was sung by Ram Suchiang and Larihun Lapang.
After investigation, police have registered a case under the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing to arrest more suspects.
When asked about the number of such people who use fake Epic photographs, who have the intention of entering the state, Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni, said that the number of such people who use fake Epic pictures, It will bring great harm to the state, because such people, who are willing to use Dur Epic, will commit many crimes, by using such Epic. .
Mukul Sangma said the intention to join the TMC is not recent, but a long-standing consideration.
Shillong: The Syiem of Hima Khyrim, Dr. Balajied Sing Syiem and the Lyngdoh of Raid Mawlieh today confirmed the certificate to the Sordar of Raid Mawlam Branch, Rangbah Mani Mawpat at a meeting at Mawlam Village.
On the statement by former MLA/MDC of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Embhah Syiemlieh that he is ready to support Bah Sawkmie if he contests from the UDP party, Bah Sawkmie congratulated the former MLA/MDC of Mawlai Constituency. Constituency that you have expressed your support.
“The Commission has recommended in its report that the names should not be made public so as not to endanger their lives.
The arrested persons and the seized items have been handed over to the relevant authorities for further investigation.
The Joint Action Committee together with thousands of people have unanimously decided to demand the return of Labang-Nongphyllut, Nongphyllut Doloiship and Pangamraliang to Jaintia Hills District.
)7 Jymmang – vs Sunrisers Hyderabad (7:30 p.
Bah Kharkongor won the first election in 2004 and 2009 from KHNAM, and this is the third time that he will contest again from KHNAM. For 25 years now, the District Council has not been able to do anything and the reason is that the District Council is ruled by the Congress and the MDCs are only the leaders of the party.
Zoramthanga, who was close to the founder of the MNF, Laldenga, became President of the MNF on 7th November, 1990 after the death of Laldenga.
I request the Government to inform us of all this so that we can know how to do, and to walk along the road, to just wait is not good OK thank-you.
Grace also demanded that the CBI should investigate into the misuse of T.28 crore by the District Council.
The manner in which this rain falls suggests that this may be the preparation for the Lyiur.
It is learned that among the people who were present at that time, some of them said don't shoot but the people should listen. They went together and managed to escape from the place.
It attracts the villagers of a far flung areas as well as a nearby village.
The muck drill was conducted at the ground floor of Jowai Civil Hospital Ialong.
Therefore, the woman has no choice but to build a house and has to live with her children in a dilapidated house near the new house.
of Tamil Nadu and Others) has ordered the Election Authority to draw up guidelines regarding the sker of the Dulir-juban-proposed the Election in consultation with all political parties recognized by the government.
For AAY rice, 35 kilos per household is free of charge.
He urged the people not to vote for the RDA candidate even if there is no reason to blame the candidate, but not to vote for the UDP. The UDP has invited all the parties to join the opposition after the announcement of the MLA elections.
On the other hand, Kongsan Bah.
Jowai, July 13: The Republic Day Cup Under-13 Football Tournament 2024 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
“According to the price of the tablet, the government should spend only T.16, 24, 75,000 crore,” HYC Organizing Secretary Nickson Dohling told reporters on Tuesday.
They must walk together, otherwise life will be dead.
“The VPP is a recognized political party in the State and our aim is to enter all the constituencies,” he said.
Speech was also delivered by the MLA of Umroi Constituency, Bah Ngaitlang Dhar, who said that he had sought information from the DC, but he had received information that the DC However, as a leader of the people, he promised to talk to the government to explain why the people are against giving land to the army.
The training was conducted by the KVK, West Khasi Hills under the leadership of Marianna Dkhar, KVK Coordinator.
The new cases include EGH: 4, EJH: 5, EKH: 226, NGH: 01, RBD: 82, SGH: 1, SWGH: 5, SWKH: 48, WGH: 34, WJH: and WKH: 82.
There is no one who says that it happened by chance.
Chief Minister Biplab Kumar Deb said in a tweet at 10.45 pm that there are 55 new cases.
“What is needed now in our border villages is a border highway, a public border highway.
“By the rivers of Babylon we sat down; In 539 BC the Babylonian Empire fell and the Jews were freed from captivity, but even so There are Jews who have settled down in Babylon and do not want and do not want to be freed, while many other Jews long, pray, and prepare themselves for freedom. .
How, then, do those who vote for Meghalaya believe that they will get this figure? Practically, I see that this statement is fake.
“However, somehow because of the emptiness among the leaders, because of the ego of the Congress leaders, they (NPP) have got a second chance to form a government,” Pala said. message.
Now we know that these have come again into the world in the countries of the world, and from this we know that men have turned away from God, and the turning away is great.
According to a statement issued by the Army, the KCNA member identified as Faliansang Bawm (29 years old) was arrested from a house in Bungtlang village – the house he had occupied for several weeks.
The words of Syiem Tirot Singh Syiem, “It is better to die as a prisoner than to live as a slave king” encourage the nation to continue to fight for freedom from foreign invasion. In these days, we see that the nation still has many leaders, signs and great thinkers who live to protect the good and the heritage of the nation and not to turn their backs on those who attack us.
In this present generation, because there are no historical writings about the past of Jaintia Hills, we don't know anything about our own country and we know only about other countries in the world because they have their own country. but if we try to follow and ask the elders, it is still easy to follow the history of Jaintia Hills, a country ruled by the Syiems of Jaintia Hills or the Syiems of Jaintia Hills. .
The MJCTUA has expressed its deep sorrow and grief over the passing away of former Minister of State, Bah Robert Garnett Lyngdoh, who is also former Vice Chancellor of Martin. Luther Christian University, Shillong.
In a letter sent to the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, the union said that at the same time, the central government has urged the states to reduce the VAT on petrol and diesel. Many of the states have decided to reduce the VAT and have been able to reduce the price of petrol to T.100 and T.
The price at Jowai and Thadlaskeiñ depots will be Rs.84.00 per litre, while the price at Shangpung outlet will be Rs.86.70 per litre.
Nongpoh: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) Northern Region (HNYF) has demanded the arrest of former Governor Tathagata Roy and other Khar Bengali leaders from Kolkata, including Chandan Chatterjee. and Vicky Dey, on the grounds that they are instigators and intend to create bloodshed through ethnic discrimination between Bengalis and Khasi in the state.
The BJP must be careful of these allegations or the propaganda of its enemies to win elections.
The fear of discrimination was already in our minds when we read the OM, but the fear turned into a surprise like a bsein after the first announcement.
Miani D Shira, the Congress candidate, has won the mid-term elections in Ampati.
They did not criticize the HSPDP because they believe that it is more encouraging of the government's actions such as the MUDA border crossing and the Marriage Act.
Besides China, there are 300 other cases in dozens of countries and two deaths in other countries.
The three unions also said that if the company does not comply with the demands of the unions, they will have to temporarily suspend the operation of the company until the end of the year. it is corrected by another.
The MDA-I Government, during the tenure of Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar as Minister of PHE, has set a target to complete the project by November,
The increase in the number of people infected with HIV has increased and has further affected lives due to poverty, inequality and lack of access to medicines and health care in the State.
New Delhi, March 18: The Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) has launched an excavation of a site that has been found to contain about 10,000 tonnes. gold, which was due to a dream of a Sadhu.
Shillong, July 4: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has decided that the two Autonomous District Councils (JHADC and KHA DC) should be formed. There is no law which clearly defines the powers and duties of Rangbah Shnong.
“He is the person who has handed over the post of CEM to me, without fail the post of Dy.CEM will go to him,” said Bah Pynshngain N Syiem.
Cynthia Mylliemumlong scored in the 24th and 26th minutes, Dakini Shylla in the 35th minute and Marbarin Nongrum in the 70+2nd minute.
Dr. Jemino Mawthoh has been elected to the MDA government in many constituencies.
Speaking to media, the Secretary of the Seng Samla Shnong Tynring, Bah Bapynbiang Nongspung and the President, Bah Testerwell Nongrum, said that the Sordar has cut down the trees by taking advantage of the trees. the title of the Synod to be held in October
He also recalled the beginning of the establishment of the KSU South West Khasi Hills District and the establishment of the District Demand Committee to demand from the government to create a new district by dividing the KSU into two. West and South West parts.
As the days go by, the MDA government under the leadership of the NPP party in Meghalaya has become increasingly corrupt.
Lew within the district shall be implemented with the following rules: (i) Shops selling essential commodities in the villages are allowed to open but shall close at 5:00 pm.
According to the work order received from the office of the Border Area Development Officer (BADO) Shella Bholaganj, Sohra, the club has been given six months to complete the work. now almost 6 years have not been completed at all.
Speaking to a television channel, Baruah said, “If the Indian government wants to talk, it should accept that the issues of the ULFA are political issues. , as well as the NSCN (IM).
He said that in a letter in 2008, the Syiem of Mylliem said that the land had been given by the previous Hima Mylliem.
As a sign of Lamang's election, the PFR has come forward to hold a ceremony to honor him at the Shillong Press Club.
Meghalaya, “The Land of the Clouds”, has also been described as the abode of the gods resembling the Mount Olympus of ancient Greek mythology; the city was inhabited by men who were as good as gods.
The two villages condemned this action of the Assam government which will cause tension, violence and ethnic discrimination in the border area and will affect the peace and order. ong u ma Think Pyrphet.
Switzerland's Michael Lang was sent off in the 90+4 minutes.
The teams in Group-A are Umlyngka SC, Lapalang SC, Krang SC, Nongmynsong SC, Gorkha Association and Meghalaya Police FT. In Group-C, Sanmer SC, Umpling SC, Mawpat SC, Mylliem Lum SC and Lumparing SC are the winners. In Group-D, Nongumlong SC and Lawmali Pyllun SC are the winners. The Meghalaya Cycling Association (MCA) will hold a selection trial for the trial on the 24th of this month. .
"Although the match between the two teams ended at 5 pm, there were other entertainment for the audience where they could also hear the beautiful songs sung by the singer. Jessie Lyngdoh and her friends have sung the anthem of the MSL
The special session was convened by the Governor to discuss and resolve the Village Administration Bill which the state government has postponed three times to the KHADC. The dorbar was held after the ARPA MDCs insisted that the Ordinance passed by the Governor should not be accepted at all, while the PDF MDCs did not want to discuss the Ordinance. The 23 issues brought to the VAB should be resolved.
Speaking to media, the Minister said, “We have completed about 45 percent of the work but there are some problems and we are now in talks with other hospitals to ensure that we can achieve the target. There are 450 beds as directed by the MCI.” She said that there are also problems with the financial support but this too has been resolved.
Therefore, we must not hesitate to choose our leader.
“How do they stop me from going to the villages,” said the President of the UDP. He campaigned for the UDP candidate Synshar Kupar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah and said that he will come regularly, not There is no one who can campaign for the party candidate.
Defenders: Habymmutshuh Nongrum (Meghalaya), Kynsai Khongsit (Meghalaya), Naoroibam Romen Singh (Manipur), Apborlang Kurbah (Meghalaya), A.Rakesh Singh (Manipur), Kitboklang Khyriem (Meghalaya), Muhammed Safique Ahmed (Manipur), Dajied Wanshnong (Meghalaya), Denzil gorby Warjri (Meghalaya), Aman Ahlawat (Haryana).
The Islamic State group's National Thowheeth Jama'ath within 10 days admitted that it was responsible.
Amita has asked for more security forces besides those who have not left for Jowai, as she said that she is in fear that there are still many others who have shot her who have not been arrested.
Nongstoiñ, July 04: The Nongrem Kur through the dorbar of the Kurbah held at Nongjyndiang West Khasi Hills, has discussed in detail regarding the work of the Kur, how to gather and unite the Kurbah. and to take good care of the family, so as to avoid bloodshed.
The Seng sees that Meghalaya, which used to have the teachings and values ​​of our ancestors, has begun to revive in terms of morality, knowledge and future. as a model state for the whole of India.
Sainkupar recalled the statement of former Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi who alleged that the Government of India is forcing the State Government to take the path of secret killings.
Ratacherra.
The body of Walinda was cremated on the 1st of this month at Marngar, Ribhoi District.
Eric Salgrima A.Sangma (5) and Reu Kyrem M.Sangma (25) scored for West Garo Hills. East Garo.
Not only that, Ma Bareh said that she had lodged a complaint against him at Khliehriat PS, alleging that he had insulted the woman.
About 100 farmers of Krang Circle took part in the training organized by the KJFA at the Community Hall in Krang Village on the 20th of this month from 11 am to 10 am. 3 o'clock in the afternoon.
The Longding Battalion of the Assam Rifles in collaboration with the Tirap Police on the night of the 17th and 18th of this month conducted a search operation and managed to arrest NSCN (K-YA) leader arrested
Speaking to the people, they said that the strongholds of the Pastor will be from West Khasi Hills as many of the MLAs and MDCs are from the HSPDP which fully supports him this time.
The incident occurred while the officer was on his way to work at 5pm on Tuesday.
Banisha didn't reveal everything but she just wanted her family to know.
Regarding the transformer in the village, Bah M.Khonglah promised that he will take action to talk to the authorities for the installation of the transformer.
When asked whether the UDP will form an alliance with other ethnic parties in the mid-term elections, Bindo said that for the mid-term MDC elections, “we will not form an alliance with any ethnic party. in this mid-term election".
I go to Christian schools and I will tell you that these religions have the same great value to them.
Speaking to media, Dr Mukul Sangma urged the state government to prosecute the CEM of KAAC, Tuliram Ranghang, who has intended to create trouble through a statement. his.
HS Shylla, Ex-CEM, KHADC Shillong: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District is deeply saddened and condemned by the forgetfulness of Syiem Maharam. Mynder did not come to marry the king.
Meanwhile, Kushal Das said that the idea of ​​the tournament is a milestone in the development of sports in the country.
Hundreds of people including the relatives of these children, residents of Nongrah village and visitors from this place came to burn the mombati as a sign of protest. sympathy and also to strongly condemn this incident.
“On this day, during the inspection, we found that there are still shops, such as in Basa Doh, Basa Jain, and shops in front of the road which have not been cleaned at all. “It was also found that there are other shops which have been cleaned and complied with the orders of the Hima,” said the Minister during the visit today.
It is also worth mentioning that Bah EK Mawlong, who has been an MDC and MLA from Umroi Constituency, has served the people since he was an MDC, then MLA and former MLA. as the Chief Minister in the state government.
Police have recovered a mobile phone and a local taxi (ML-05 G-8039) from Bimal Chanda.
“Because I don't know about Garo Hills.
At the same time, Assam does not have BOPs and forest check gates illegally built within the boundary of Khanduli, Mokoiram and Artiang villages. cannot be accepted.
At the same time, the HNLC said it is ready to accept if Cherish stands in the middle of the peace talks between the party and the government. It is clear that the leaders come and go, but what the party stands for is the independence of the Hynniewtrep people, which they call the Hynniewtrep Sovereign State.
The laws that were against us and stood opposed to us.
Furthermore, the SDO Supply of NFSA (AAY & PHH) and Non-NFSA rice for this month will be released to Fair Price Shop Dealers until 15th July.
New Delhi also said the responsibility lies with Islamabad to bring about change in which terrorists, enemies and terrorism will be eliminated.
“It makes it easier for us to arrest the robbers through the presence of CCTV cameras,” said Bah Vivik Syiem SP City.
It was proposed that there should be a Legislative Assembly/Council of 219 members of the Mylliem Syiemship to be headed by the Syiem including the Syiem, Deputy Syiem, 48 Ministers/Electors 2(two) each. Rangbah Shnong (four each to be nominated from the Synjuk Seng Longkmie, Synjuk Seng Samla, and Eminent Elders) of the Legislative Assembly The Dorbar shall not be held for four months.
In the first half of the match, the players of both the teams had the goal of winning to qualify for the Meghalaya State League.
Naveen Thomas died in the morning room with cut marks on his right hand.
In a statement, police said that after receiving a tip, a Santro vehicle with Registration Number TR was coming from Umkiang and heading towards Khliehriat. Police conducted a search operation at Umtyra and seized the vehicle Registration No TR04 A 0254 and four occupants.
The debate was very lively especially after the students and the public were given the opportunity to ask questions to the candidates.
The members of the Expert Committee have been appointed by the Search Committee headed by the Chief Secretary after the notice was issued on July 13,
If you divide 5lak by three years, how many people have earned it?
The Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma was the chief guest in the presence of the Minister of Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri, Dr. DD Lapang, MLA Nongpoh Constituency, Dr Celestine Lyngdoh, MLA Umsning and DG Prison Vijay Kumar and DG Law & Order SB Singh.
Without this, how can a coalition government function? When something happens tomorrow, it will end up in accusations and handshakes and words against each other.
Regarding the incident, the victims alleged that the girl had married a foreigner whose age had changed completely, but she had not married a foreigner. The truth is that there is no such thing, but it is a tribute to the young woman.
“You can blame Bah AL Hek but not the BJP just because I belong to the BJP. If Bah AL Hek does something wrong you should blame Bah AL Hek.
Earlier, the central government had withdrawn Rs 17 crore after the state government failed to meet the requirements as per the rules.
On the other hand, the CSWO denies these allegations and how can Agnes not think before speaking when she too is a Sengbhalang while the President of the CSWO is still making such allegations. I don't know if there are any illegal coal smugglers or not. I don't know if there are any illegal coal smugglers or not. The union also congratulates the district authorities and the East Jaintia Police Department for their hard work day and night to ensure that there is no illegal coal mining or transportation. coal within the area.
Shillong received 44.5 mm of rainfall, 11.4 mm, Umiam 27.2 mm and 2.2 mm today.
At their meeting yesterday at Mawiong, the Meghalaya Traders and Farmers also took other decisions including the working hours of the Daju and the procedures for the distribution of goods.
Speaking as the chief guest, MCS Additional Deputy Commissioner West Jaintia Hills, DV Lyngdoh said, “We should turn to traditional agriculture to get clean and healthy food because they are the medicines in the country. health".
There is absolutely no hunger in them because they have already enjoyed most of the profits from the drug trade.
He criticized those who criticized that at the time of drafting the bill, all the MLAs including from Jaintia Hills were present, as well as in the Cabinet, including the Congress party which was leading the government at that time.
Small business owners and self-employed people have expressed their regret that all the jobs have been taken over by the people in power.
It is for this reason that the cultivation of pyrethrum has grown rapidly in India and in the Khasi Hills, because pyrethrum can no longer be obtained from other drugs made from this plant. you're still thma.
However, as the match was too late, it disrupted the crowd who had planned to witness the match.
The legs of the child are no longer there and it is suspected that they have been eaten by the ksew.
Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that the ban on applying for many jobs is a wrong rule that the department has done wrong.
Wagner leader Prigozhin was only 200 kilometers from Moscow yesterday, but withdrew his troops.
At the same time, the department cooperates with other law enforcement agencies.
According to the media in recent years, it has been reported that there are about 2,25 million liters of sewage flowing into the Umïam River every year.
In Mairang, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, was the chief guest.
The victory of Purno A Sangma is another reason why Mukul Sangma is in danger of losing his seat.
Speaking at a meeting held outside the office of the DC of East Khasi Hills District, she said that the operation of these vehicles has started across India and in Shillong too. He said that in East Khasi Hills District there are 102 offices in charge of the election related areas. These EVMs were used in the MLA elections in Goa in 1999, in other states in 2003 and in the MP elections in
On the suggestion of Laban Mawprem MDC Bah Mitchell Wankhar regarding the spelling of the surnames and also on the additional question of Nongpoh MDC Balajied Rani who said that the Council will There are people who change their jait just to own land especially through the tang jait.
“We have increased the price slightly for the benefit of the consumers.
After the end of the tournament, a short meeting was held before the awards ceremony where a short speech was delivered by the club leaders where Bah Stogent Lynrah General Secretary, gave the welcome speech. to everyone.
In addition, on 19th November, 2023, the court held another hearing after the state government announced that it has introduced the Meghalaya Waterbodies (Preservation and Conservation) Guidelines,
However, before they received the authority to rule, it was filled with light.
The end is not over just because of the appearance of false Christs or the earthquake of world wars. The world is not over just because of the wars, famines, earthquakes and struggles. these are the beginning of sorrows.
In the past, Tirot Singh had driven away foreigners, but now many have invited and welcomed him.
To encourage and empower them to be steadfast and persistent in the course of this work, to bring about a sense of unity among the Khasi Pnar people.
“When the Security Inspector of NEHU is like this, we don't feel comfortable as women students at this university.
The worship of the Christians became more widespread than that of Israel in the 8th BC. They held large churches only to fulfill the rules of the churches, the churchgoers came as if they were coming to a costume contest.
The Uniform Civil Code is the most appropriate law to implement in our society.
When asked whether he was aware of the meeting of MPCC President DD Lapang and other ministers with AICC chief Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi recently, Mylliem said, “That is for us. Bah Lapang, they didn't talk about anything, I don't know anything.
The meeting was conducted by Rtn.
The 10th of June is the day when workers around the world gather together to celebrate and remind the world that they are an important group in society, but they are also a visible group. ibeiῆ badly attacked.
The Symbol of Sneh Society (SOSS) will hold the North East Sustainable Fashion Show in Shillong and the audition will start on 28th November at the Youth Hostel.
He said that the House needs to approve this bill so that it can inform the State Government to request the Central Government through the Ministry of Home Affairs to amend Part XI of the Presidential Order. and the Schedule Tribes Order 1950 and if amended only the tribals living in the state will get the benefits and not all the tribals from other states.
Let us read from the Word of God in the book of Acts chapter 27: verses 13-2
HANM has also sent out the Joint Commissioner of Income Tax, the Chief Account Officer of the Custom Department and other senior officials.
He said that Wanglet, who is also the convener of the Disciplinary Committee of Shillong Club Limited, has been accused of using rude language against the pedestrians.
“The demand for the extension of the age limit has been achieved and there are other outstanding issues that we have to address such as clean employment and others that we will consider as a party,” he said.
Sylliang stood up to answer and said that questions should be asked only about MAPL. “I don't want to answer any question that is not related to the question that has been asked,” said Bah Sylliang. James was angry.
The stadium was built in 2006 by (L) PA Sangma and named after him.
The RDA will also emphasize the need to set up Special Economic Zones (SEZ) to promote investment and income generation, to ensure the welfare of the people. The farmers also urged the Government of India to recruit teachers and staff for the Eklaya Model Residential Schools according to the State Reservation Policy.
Meanwhile, L.Pyrtuh said that the union wants to take action on this issue, so that the meat consumers can get good meat.
“What is the benefit of SR Sen, is that there is something behind it, and it is only to cleanse the country and the nation,” he added.
A similar campaign was also held at Sutnga CHC, where people from Moopala, Mookympat, Sookilo and Sutnga villages came to the campaign. MHIS and Aadhaar.
In fact, the District Administration was aware of this theft, but there was no sign that they had punished these illegal Mawshun traders.
As a citizen who is not even a lawyer, we will not talk to the legislator because the legislator is greater and higher, we always want to know about the laws of the village. KHADC especially the Local Residency Act but it has been a waste of time because it cannot be seen and cannot be heard.
We demand a clear explanation from the Home Minister.
He said that people have been warned not to make places for drinking and creating trouble and if found, they will not be expelled because it is a shame especially for those who bring their children. house he sem.
Sandy Kharshandi tied for 22 runs off 14 balls.
The Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of the state has said that the turnout of women voters who have completed their MLA elections has reached 93.48 per cent. The vote for men was 90.3 per cent.
Speaking to reporters outside the House on the issue of UDP MDCs not speaking, Shylla said he does not know why they are not able to speak.
Explaining about the road, Bah Wansalan said that in fact the government should have taken action to improve the road, as it is the only border road between India-Bangladesh. it is also used by dozens of villages.
Fortunately, no one was seriously injured in the incident, except for one or two who sustained minor injuries.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 4: The Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) of West Khasi Hills, on Tuesday morning, arrested a drug dealer and a driver, who were trying to smuggle drugs. drugs in Nongstoin.
There are many people who are injured.
Momin, Jerabena R. Marak and Wilson N. Marak were arrested while smuggling coal to Bangladesh through Bawanipur village in South Garo Hills.
“That is my conversation with those officers of the education department who went to see for themselves,” said Bah Shadap.
At the same time, he admitted that the MDA will continue until the end of the five-year term despite the change in the government in Delhi.
He said that to conduct the land acquisition, the PWD department and the company need to show where the center of the DPR is because many of the roads have not been running smoothly from this road. The EE, PWD said that while it is still in the rainy season, it will be constructed from Nongstoin to Mawthaw or Lawdihbah Rambrai but when the time comes, it will be completed.
According to the owner, the best synsar comes from Jaintia Hills, Balat, Pynursla and Ri-Bhoi.
“The entrance fee is Rs 3000 to Rs 3500 per ryngwiang and this amount is no longer small, because most of those who go to these competitions are from poor families. ".
Dr B Decruce said that all government health centers including PHCs have been able to test for the disease.
Not only that, this is a very dark place, but there is no white line to help the drivers and a few months ago, this writer, almost died, inside the car. , when the darkness was so thick that it was impossible to know how to drive the car.
The coal mining factory, M/s Unique Industry Coke Factory, has received the NOC from the JHADC since October 3,
Nongstoiñ, July 15: The movement of leaders from one party to another, is a lack of understanding and understanding of the principles of the parties which won the first election. Hill State candidates have criticized the leaders who have been quick to flee from one party to another, especially those who have won from the HSPDP party like Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar MLA Mawkyrwat, u Samlin Malngiang MLA Sohiong Constituency, who has recently joined the National People's Party.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) on Saturday announced that the counting of votes in these two constituencies of Meghalaya and other North Eastern states will be held on 19th June.
In the morning they went down to the fields to cultivate and plant.
Chibasal Sangma was the key player for Lumparing who scored the two goals in the minute with 35+1 and
“Pyniaid has told us to decide as you decide and as you feel right. We have invited him to the CEC meeting but he has not been able to answer,” said Witting Mawsor.
Shillong, Lber 23 : U Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today introduced the State Budget for the year 2023-'24 which is less than Rs 1,592 crore or but the cost is greater than the income.
Ma Wailadmiki confirmed that the construction of the 33 kilometer road will be completed by November this year.
Number 31 is the most important because in a Legislative Assembly with 60 MLAs, a party or group needs more than 31 members to form a government.
The Act prohibits the purchase, sale, transportation and slaughter of all kinds of animals including female cows, bulls, males and lyngkha cows.
He said that regarding the nomination of the candidate for the mid-term elections, the UDP party has been discussing with the UDP party leaders from Mawryngkneng to select the candidate. to contest the mid-term elections in Mawrynkneng.
Education Secretary JSM Western Region Nickson Sungoh said that JSM will award prizes and certificates to all the students and urged the students to send their certificates, mark sheets to the Education Cell of JSM or phone them. number (M) 7005463027 / 6001824031.
However, this difference of opinion has not been resolved until the establishment of the Directorate has been suspended and the work has not been able to move forward.
During the march, they carried placards with various inscriptions and there was also a slogan of peace in their religious language.
The re-election date for the Senior Residents will be on 21st July
Speaking to reporters in Tura, he said that in order to fight against the disease, the names of those who have been infected with COVID-19 should be disclosed so that the people can avoid.
You don't need to ask.
If we obey, we will become slaves, Shudras,” he said.
Recaldinus said that the Seng has found that during the strikes in Assam, there are drivers who steal private vehicles to earn money and transport tourists to Sohra and other places. other de place.
Regarding these comments, the SRT has requested the Governor not to approve the KHADC Bill as it needs to be brought to the attention of the people for discussion. as it is now, it can cause division within the Khasi-Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi and War communities.
The price of tymmew, Lakor and pathi has also dropped sharply.
Phrangsngi Sutnga, Convenor Volunteer for Jaintia Hills, said that the goal and objective is to provide ration to all the families who come from poor families.
Vehicles going up to Iewduh, have started to stop along the road, from 3mer to 4mer and so on.
He also expressed his hope that the tournament will continue to move forward.
If there are others who are ready to leave, we don't know.
“If in previous years the leaders of the two ethnic groups could have thought together and worked together to strengthen the demand for a full state, I don't see that if there is a will, there would be no problem. “It's a decision to address many of the shortcomings in the government's employment policy,” he added.
Speaking at the confirmation ceremony, Samla James Hitler Mawphñiang spoke about the rapid growth of the world of information through technology, Artificial Intelligence and how this rapid growth has brought about a decline in the color of the world. The foundations of the Khasi people are the culture, the culture and the rights of the people in the world.
Because of the empty roads, there has been a blockade of vehicles, attempts to block parking vehicles, blockade of railway lines in different parts of the state, he said. message.
The event was attended by the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh, Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah W. Nongsiej, Additional Superintendent of Police, Bah H Kharkongor, Director Animal Husbandry & Veterinary, Dr (Mrs.) A. Laloo, employees of various government departments, village leaders and residents of the area.
For example, a woman from Mawlyndep village who came to give birth at Ganesh Das Hospital, Lawmali Shillong has been infected with health services. through the equipment used through the hospital and also until the immediate loss of the newborn baby inside the hospital.
I will be able to repay them all and my gratitude to all of them is still growing, although I don't know if this time, it will be like in 2014 + those who will still be able to vote new.
The children of Israel sang this song: “By the rivers of Babylon we sat; there we weep when we remember Zion...Those who have taken us captive have said, 'Don't sing; They say unto us, Sing us a song of Zion...How shall we sing a song unto the LORD in a strange land” (Psalm 137:1-4).
The KSU believes that while the KSU has its members, they don't need to worry about any issues.
“It’s…it’s like that.
Through this scheme, the government will provide 15,000 tyngka per hectare of land to preserve the environment and has allocated Rs 50 crore per annum to assist villages, cooperatives and farmers to protect the environment.
Today, we have seized 9 trucks carrying overload of mawshun which were released by the Forest Officer.
Shillong, Lber 09 : Former Rajya Sabha MP and incumbent MLA of North Tura, Thomas A Sangma has won the seat of Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya after no one was nominated. spirit does not fight against.
Lahkmen Rymbui has been appointed as President and Nujorki Sungoh as General Secretary of the UDP.
In the past three years, the Jowai Constituency has lost hope because in 2018 the promise was high, but in the past three years all the constituencies have failed.
But he said, “We don't want this war.
In the 50m Butterfly, Sub Junior Boys, Meiei-pynshan Lyngdoh Tron won the bronze medal, in the 50m Butterfly, Men, Khrawkupar Lyngdoh won the bronze medal and Banpynshngain Syngwan won the silver medal.
As a trusted leader of the people, he won the MDC election four times and the MLA election three times.
Earlier, the Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, had said that the government has a plan to prevent teachers from taking part in politics.
They are Kishan Lyngdoh, Dippu Sangma and Akash Kumar Choudhary.
Speaking to reporters, Marita said that she had applied for a certificate three times from the Sordar of Kynroh Nonglyer, Bah Kwit Kyrsian, but he did not give it to her because her father was fighting against him.
Little details on how to prevent electrical hazards is essential in everyday life.
He said that the farmers will not be able to open their markets to other places, but through this festival, and other programs that the government has conducted in the state, the farmers will be able to open their markets. .
At the meeting, it was also decided that on the 22nd of June, the KSU will elect new office bearers.
At the beginning of 2024, I join hands with my friends, relatives and billions of citizens of the country and the state to ask.
He also promised to discuss with the Prime Minister the demands of NEAM. He said that since its inception, NHM has brought benefits and assistance to the people in the rural areas who are far from health centers and they are happy to take medicines from Dispensaries, Subs. -Centres, Community Health Centers and other government health facilities.
It is not known how she got to the International Hospital.
The two factories, JUD Cement and Gold Stone Cement, have had to surrender before the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle which has been able to force these factories to employ the two state residents.
As a result, while he is under the suspension, Messi will not be able to train with the entire team, will not be able to play and will not be paid while the rule continues against him.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on 6th November has convened a working meeting on the shortage of specialist doctors, the operation of Civil Hospitals and other issues related to the health sector. you are healthy.
And your covenant with death shall be broken, and your covenant with hell shall not stand, when the fierceness of mercy passeth by (for the second three and a half years)" Isaiah 28:15-1 .
“The resignation of Bah Ardent is due to a violation of the law,” said Bah Hubert Riang.
Among the injured, several were taken to the District Hospital in Champhai.
He said that their return tomorrow by plane has been arranged by the state government and he expressed his gratitude to the state government for this. The army was deployed to provide security and safety to the airport.
Don Lad's first goal came from a header after he received the ball from the corner in just 2 minutes. , he scored his second goal.
The Ri-Bhoi Police have taken the suspects to Umiam Police Station for further investigation. .
On the other hand, the students also sent a letter to the FKJGP leaders regarding the lack of water supply, rotten jhur and food. , although it is a government school funded by the federal government to meet the students’ needs.
The Government has also decided to hand over to the Revenue Department and Urban Affairs Department to prepare the Detail Project Report (DPR) for this purpose.
Concerns from stakeholders include environmental impacts, economic and social impacts and other areas.
He said that there is no allegation of injection, but the fish was caught from the pond and it is clean and healthy and should not be misled on social media.
The second is the Tavern Club, which is a bar for drinking and relaxing on the same upper floor with a swimming pool.
The three youngsters who represented the country from our state are Francis Ricardo Ranee Songthiang, Ferdinand Suchiang and Ribhalin Marbaniang under the leadership of Donny Ranee and Gemansingh Warjri.
However, the government still needs highskilled labor from other states.
In a statement, the Rot Association of Meghalaya (ROT) intends to hold a protest on the 3rd October 2022, the International Sex Workers Rights Day, at the border of Myanmar. sam of this village.
The Kharmetor area, which was inhabited by the Hurry-Jans, became the area of ​​Niangdait, Khohkadun, Khapkapun, which was taken advantage of by the Lawgivers without understanding.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, u Bah KP Pangniang said that as a party when we saw the news about the discovery of uranium in the state and as one of the parties that used to oppose the mining of uranium in the state .
Speaking to the people, Bah Earnest Mawrie and Bah Sanbor Shullai, urged the people of the area, to elect Samla Evarist Marsing at this juncture, because they feel that he is someone who has been very prominent in public service activities and who is someone who has that potential to be that leader.
When he came to the tomb, he began to praise.
In a statement, Roykupar Synrem, General Secretary of the HYC, said that the group has not yet taken part in any such activities. any riots or vehicle blockades and protests which affect the peace and order in the State as a whole.
In the batting, Lensbirth N Marak (17 runs) and Kshitij Singhania Made (11 runs) who came on in the third innings managed to increase the runs for the team. Meghalaya lost all wickets for 39/2 and scored only 76 runs in 33.4 overs, after the batsmen who came out later failed to answer. you are a football player in Delhi.
However, in the villages where there is no committee, there is no meeting at all, so the ASHAs lose this 1000 tyngka.
ha ka Nanoscience, Physics, Chemistry, Material Science, Electronics, Biotechnology, Biochemistry.
Dr Jyrwa said the swine flu has been named H1N1
However, before the Sengbhalang went to talk to the government, Bah Shylla advised them not to accept the government's bill but to demand the Inner Line Permit or ILP. The District Council has decided in its special session that it is currently awaiting the approval of the Governor.
“It is up to the MLAs what they will do to the leader,” said Bah Pynshngain.
Shillong, Lber 08: The Meghalaya Commercial Truck Owners and Operators Association (MCTOOA) on Tuesday said that the construction company of the National Highway Authority (NHAI) at 20Mer in Ri-Bhoi District has been collecting taxes. It is illegal because this road has not been completed.
Dr. Brustad said that according to his research, it has been found that children who grow up in urban areas are at risk of various respiratory diseases and this is due to the the air pollution that they breathe in these places where they live from birth until they grow up.
Up to 2 lakh smart meters will be installed in the state under this project.
He said that there will be many benefits for the residents if the PHC is upgraded to CHC, and this will help not only the residents of Umkiang area but all the neighboring villages. In addition, he expressed the urgent need to renovate the health facilities and other facilities so that the people can receive adequate health services and to provide adequate health services. also reduce the need for them to travel to urban areas for health care.
Speaking to media on 6th November, Bah Pyniaid said, “The EC will provide scholarships to students or researchers who will “We will hand over this to the EM of Education to take the necessary action this month”.
SHILLONG: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Pynursla Unit has found that the functioning of the CHC, Pynursla is poor.
Kyrshan Tynsong, son of Melto Tynsong Pynursla, brother of Aibor Tynsong and wife of Jopdalin Khyriem, passed away today.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, Chief Minister Conrad Sangma said that the resignation will be announced tomorrow, when the Governor of Meghalaya, approve this request.
To strengthen the system of governance on the basis of the separation of powers between the Union of India and the State.
However, since the tyngka-kot have been able to appoint a king during the elections, it can be answered easily that without their religion, there sits the pansngiat syiem.
The harvesting season for crops such as synsar, kwai, kait and others.
Forget the party, or the thanks that you helped with a blanket or a tin house or money or helped sponsor any program (because it's your money) or you're a relative, if not have a solid foundation and a clear process.
Shillong, June 26: The President of the State Mahila BJP, Pelcy Snaitang on Saturday inaugurated the Thiep Diengngan Road to the Presbyterian Church. in Keniong village under Ranikor constituency.
Nongpoh: About 10 pigs, which were kept inside a pig farm in Saiden village, under the supervision of Nangku Chaphrang Multipurpose Co-operative Society Ltd, have died without knowing it. one reason they die.
It depends on the current and how many hours you use, the Kilowatt Hour or unit.
However, there are still those who feel that it is necessary to provide for the benefit of people with disabilities and widows to benefit from this policy. The discussion will be heated on the Roster System and Reservation Policy, it is not necessary to remind the Garo people, but if anything, will the Garo people also decide? count the number of years past, if the Roster System is implemented prospectively.
In East Garo Hills, 2 cases are civilians, in West Garo Hills, 3 cases and all 3 cases are BSF personnel, in Ri Bhoi District, 1 case is civilian, in West Jaintia Hills. There is one civilian, in West Khasi Hills there are 17 civilians and all 17 civilians.
The route of the runners will be around the city starting from JN Stadium Gate No.1, passing through Polo Market, 4th Furlong, PGT College, Shillong. Commerce College, Shillong College, Don Bosco Square, Laitumkhrah Police Point, Laitumkhrah Police Beat House, Fire Brigade, St Edmund's School, Dhankheti, Malki Point, Barik Point, Civil Hospital, State Central Library, Meghalaya Secretariat, DC Office, Governor House, Wards Lake, CM Bungalow, Polo Tower, and Polo Market will be located at JN Stadium Gate No.
He said that as one of the elders of the area he has seen the needs of the school children in the area and has been able to talk to the women and it is after his request to the Prime Minister that he has not refused. The bus has been a great blessing to the students and it is hoped that the bus will provide adequate services to the students of the area.
Therefore, with the resignation of the club, the players of the club would like to express their special thanks to the leader for all his efforts in leading the club and the leadership of the club. his contribution to the sports activities by playing his role properly as the leader of the team.
In the March Pass, Plielad Secondary School came second in the junior category and Kyrdem Presbyterian Secondary School came second in the senior category.
The approval was handed over to the Governing Body of the College by Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Education, Government of Meghalaya in the presence of Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, MLA Mairang who is also the Speaker of the House. It is located in the State of Meghalaya.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Kong Irin confirmed that she will not contest the MDC election. “I will not contest the MDC election for personal reasons,” she said. against or against the division of constituencies.
This comes after the team beat South Korea in their home match which is also the first tournament to be held in China. since the lifting of the COVID-19 curfew.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has announced 10 candidates in its first list of candidates.
We urge the District authorities not to allow Assam to do this.
The match today 28th November, 2023 will be between 7 Wasa United and Sailung Ialong at 1 pm.
Many of us converted to Christianity in 1841-4
However, gradually due to the increase in the price of LPG, the poor have been forced to abandon those tires and turn back to rnga.
Shillong: Ayush Kumar has finally been dismissed from the MBBS scholarship due to the opposition of the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) and the leaders of Thangskai village, East Jaintia Hills District.
It was witnessed that the army had crossed the border to the PWD road by digging a new tunnel to erect a fence opposite the old gate to enter the tourist spot at Lum Shyllong.
We on behalf of the Students' Wing of HITO are pleased to say that the people should refrain from such acts which affect the peace and order of the society.
Furthermore, poor women are affected by having children who are stingy, small and mentally retarded.
Remember that Meghalaya and West Bengal are different and when you see what will happen in West Bengal you will be surprised.
Mawkyrwat, November 05: An incident has happened today, November 5, 2023 at Mawkyrwat market where the body of a man was found lying on the ground.
The Umkhrah River has been connected from Weilong and by this connecting, the water has been led to the Sunapani River and this water flows to the bottom of the river to shoot the storms that shake the rivers. to produce electricity.
He also urged Bah Tynsong to immediately renew the state level committee.
However, he said France has to send troops because Ukraine has seen the loss of many combat troops since the beginning of the war until now.
Because everything starts here and it’s here that shapes how we think and view the world we live in.
It is to be recalled that the income from the entrance fee has been allocated to pay the salaries of the teachers of the Village School.
“We will also write to the DC on this issue to inform him of the delay of Prof. Laloo in distributing the scheme to the people,” said Ma Wanmi Laloo.
The Minister said that to provide houses for the homeless families, the government has taken steps to provide land for the construction of houses under the PMAY scheme. -G.U informed that so far, the government has completed 7 clusters and 19 other clusters are under construction in 10 districts of the state.
In the end Dr Roberts was able to convince the leaders of the Welsh Mission.
Shillong: The authorities have violated the rights of the Khasi shopkeepers in Iewduh and the clean marriage has allowed the authorities to invade the Khasi Hills and become the owners of another shop. Lambokstar Marngar, President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU).
These words shocked Felix Matta.
Shillong, July 26: The Hima Bhowal issue was the most hot issue in the KHADC Dorbar, which was held today. the leader of the ruling party.
The reason why the Syiem of Raid has to gather these village leaders, is after the improvement of Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister of the State Government, who said that there have been several village leaders. They are located in Maikhuli, Khanapara, Pilangkata and Patharkuchi.
Arki Tariang scored 52 goals for Catholic Youth.
On the other hand, the Minister of Electricity, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that the MoA between NEEPCO, a central government company and the state government, will help fill the electricity shortage in the state. 12% of the electricity generation of NEEPCO will have to be allocated to the state government and 1% to the residents near the project.
According to a source, the incident happened at 6 pm and the father of the house along with a 3 year old child left the house. The mother and two children including a 6 year old and the deceased were still at home.
So, whatever is beautiful and anything pleasant lasts stays with us.
The life of faith established in the Rympei Church makes every member of the family a disciple of Jesus Christ and a living member of His Body, the Church.
However, before the Indian troops arrived at Nongstoin, Wickliff did not know.
In the last four years, the KHADC has had three CEMs, Teiñwell Dkhar, UDP MDC from Shella, Latiplang Kharkongor, MDC from Nongthymmai and Titos.
• If they are negative and have no symptoms, they should be quarantined for 7 days.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The contest from Lait Umkhrah-Malki Constituency and Mawlai Constituency will be between the three parties UDP, KHNAM and Congress.
They were handed over to the Dangar Police Station of East Khasi Hills for further investigation.
“From this the government will get money and land at this time when land prices are very low.
Nongpoh, Nailar 05: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Friday held a meeting with the people who have to stay in darkness from time to time due to the lack of electricity. The CEO of MePDCL Umiam to convey the concerns of the people and to request the department to immediately provide electricity to many villages in the Raid Nongtung area.
Shillong: Dr Mukul Sangma has said that he does not agree with the appointment of Vincent H Pala as the new President of the MPCC. This is the reason why the Congress party has no differences between them.
Four candidates have filed their nomination papers to contest the election to the State Legislative Assembly which will be held on Saturday.
I am the secretary of Natbor village and I am surprised that someone has stolen my email. I apologize to all of you that we on behalf of Natbor village don't have a lockdown anymore. since the month of August.
The only thing Christianity fears is hell.
Hopng, besides fighting for the establishment of a full state, is still concerned about the lack of border.
According to the book of Genesis, “But Noah found grace in the eyes of the Lord” (6:8) and Noah's ark had its own story and good news.
Panchayats (Panchayati Raj) have received their place in the Indian Constitution under Part IX through the 73rd Constitutional Amendment Act 1992 which deals with it from Article 243 to Article 243-0
Jowai, Jymmang 25: The State Bank of India (SBI) has conducted a public awareness campaign on the use of Customer Service Point (CSP) through the Rainbow Common Services Center (CSC) at Nongtalang village. at the Mission Hall Nongtalang today.
When asked whether the HSPDP will nominate a candidate for the MP election, Samlin said the party has not yet held a meeting on this issue as it is still busy preparing to celebrate the party's 50th anniversary. on the 10th of this month.
c to 10 p.
Varghese SG, Sr.
In another development, the All Meghalaya Commercial Vehicle Owners and Drivers Union (AMV) together with the commercial vehicle drivers' groups today met with the district authorities of East Khasi Hills to resolve the fare. new.
The JNC also said that the operation of the Teachers Training Center in East Jaintia Hills District is very important especially after the implementation of the new Education Policy (NEP)
The HNLC said that the issue of recognition for the homeland and the exact border of Hynniewtrep is the main demand of the HNLC. The Government will be united so that we can solve the problems of the Jaidbynriew,” said the statement.
The four-storey building was constructed at an estimated cost of T.970 crore.
Shillong: In the Social Science textbook of Class IX of MBOSE, Chapter 5, entitled Dr. Mukul Sangma, it is written that he is a freedom fighter and prominent personality of Meghalaya. the Congress leader in Meghalaya and the incumbent Chief Minister of the state.
Wasa had 15 points and 18 points, followed by Ladthadlaboh and Mynthong with 13 and 10 points.
This happened in Nova Fribourg, near Rio de Janeiro, on the 16th of January.
Chairman Nongpoh Town Committee, Bah CB Syiem, Bah SM Mynsong, Rangbah Shnong Nongpoh Proper, leaders of Hindu Welfare Society Nongpoh and others were present at the launch ceremony. the elders of the area.
Why do you need your own law on this incident?
It is undeniable that many politicians or political leaders have been shocked and shocked by the support of the people across the state for the call of the VPP for the establishment of a democratic government. clean and morning.
The results of the elections announced recently show that the people of different states of India do not vote for the same parties but vote in their own states for their own political parties. different.
The Deputy Commissioner West Jaintia Hills shall be the Convener.
(3) To protect all natural resources through the management of the indigenous people: land, hills, rivers, forests, water sources, streams, etc.
““The Prime Minister, if he understood the true meaning of Christmas, should have gone further to ensure that no one would be disappointed in the Christmas celebration.
In the fourth match, Lumpyrtuh FC drew 0-0 with Mookyndur.
The rice fields of Nepal are beautiful.
They went into the field and spoke to Bah Shanbor.
In this 10-hour Dorbar Tlang, only questions and answers were asked by Moonlight Pariat MDC of the UDP who is also a member of the opposition.
Meanwhile, Teilinia Thangkhiew said that the Act is for the benefit of the people and has not prevented the Khasi from marrying foreigners. It is because they have lost the rights that they should have as Khasi or Schedule Tribe.
“The NPP has already proposed the name and they have relied on me to talk to other colleagues in the party and after we have received the approval, we will announce the name of the candidate. for the Lamphang seat,” said Conrad.
Dr Dibyajyoti Chutia, Head, GID, NESAC spoke on the role of ICT-empowered Geospatial Technology in strengthening the work of the Government in the North East while Nilay Nishant Scientist-SE, GID, NESAC the North East Spatial Data Repository (NeSDR) and its tools for Government and surveillance purposes.
He became the second Indian to win the race, after Kush Maini who won in
When asked about the time it will take, Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said that these seven disputed areas are difficult and difficult and “it is not appropriate to set a time but We have agreed today that we will meet in November to review the progress of the work of the regional committees.
The Government is ready to spend about T.150 crore in a 50-50 joint venture with the Central Government.
It may be recalled that shortly after the resignation of Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit, the Dy.Chairman of KHADC has also sent his resignation letter to the Chair Person Teilinia Thangkhiew. to be appointed Deputy Chairman.
During the programme, the beneficiaries of various schemes of the electricity department, also shared their experiences and benefits from these schemes.
The father of Wanbok told the story here and there until the children had finished all the household chores.
“It's a shame, we got a team this morning, we laid the foundation stone before we came to this place,” said Bah Tynsong.
He said that the committee has also prepared donor cards and urged the public to join hands to help the hospital by helping to take part in this programme.
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has filed a complaint against a Mumbai-based company that manufactured High Security Registration Plates (HSRP) in Meghalaya. Officials of the Meghalaya government, to count at a reasonable price.
Police have seized 61 boxes of these items and arrested seven persons.
Every day, on social media, we see the explanations and appeals of intellectuals and religious leaders who tell the people that money should not have a place in elections because the pandemic has wai ahead, which means, that the growth is increasing, it is far away, if you take a loan for five years.
However, Khasi milk has its own value and purity within its own race.
We hope and expect that the DTOs will take action to resolve this.
Also present at the meeting was Bah Macmilan Byrsat MLA of Nongstoin.
The prize for a song that promotes the unity of the Hynniewtrep people will receive a cash prize of T.30,000 and can be increased if Maitshaphrang receives financial assistance,” said Bah Michael. .
Tell me, which parties are in this group,” he said.
Many of the residents of Sohra and especially the members of the Seng still remember the good deeds done by the Seng of alumni to their fellow students and especially to the community.
“We have 26 MLAs and we don't have only three because we need
Speaking to media, Prestone said that the BRO has started the construction of the bridge and it will be completed by the 31st of this month.
The nine details requested by the Government are more concerning to Christians in the state (Assam) by requesting detailed information on: the number of new churches built within 10 years, allocation of land for construction and people involved in the Church, conversion in the past seven years, the presence of existing churches, Christians, land and others are the reasons why have to do with conversion, identity of high profile person and if there is a case in police station, the main reasons on conversion and advice on how to deal/prevent are just trials and scares to the Christian," the statement said.
This has really brought down our state.
When asked whether it is necessary for the government to issue an order to implement the Job Reservation Policy in private companies, Bah Ardent said the party needs it.
She said that at such a time, the nation needs to be united.
Four fire engines were immediately sent and after that, four more fire engines came to help them,” said a fire brigade policeman at the scene.
The union said that once the troops have received land, the Dorbar Shnong or Hima Dorbar will no longer have the power to fight.
One of the most important goals is to make it easier for all people especially to make it easier for the poor people especially and to pay special attention to the travel for people with disabilities. disability of the limbs.
KHNAM President Pyndapbor Saiborn and Working President Adelbert Nongrum today planned to submit a petition to the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma but as he was not present, they met with the Symbud. Prime Minister Dr Roytre C Laloo.
Bah Ardent said that he does not want any more explanations from the Prime Minister, but since the Prime Minister wanted to explain, he is ready.
It is for this reason, as mentioned above, that even the Supreme Court and all the High Courts of India, have not yet taken any decision on the issue of UCC and the Supreme Court, in one. In the 1994 case of Maharishi Avadhesh v. Government of India, the Supreme Court rejected the Maharishi's request to establish the UCC and ordered him to approach the authorities. The Government should not do so, because the Court should not order such matters.
Furthermore, through RTI, it was found that out of the total amount allocated by the UGC through the 12th Plan for the construction of the campus, 600 lakh tyngka has been allocated for the construction of the training center at the campus. equipment that is not necessary.
“Every night since it started until now, we have been living in fear...we don't know what will happen next.
Shillong, July 2: Next month, the state government will launch a football mission in the state, said the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma.
Shillong: The SRT has written to the Governor of Meghalaya to express its opposition to the First Amendment Bill,
Speaking at a public meeting, Bah John F Kharshiing said that in West Khasi Hills district there are three MDC seats and there is no doubt that this time the people will turn around and choose the channel. back to the State Government, because as it is now, there are no MDCs who are intelligent and who have a relationship with the State Government.
Meanwhile, General Secretary of KSU Auguster Jyrwa said, “Why don't you build a 2 lane road from Mawphlang to Balat where vehicles travel every minute? ban mining uranium, we urge those who want the road to change their minds, we urge the sordars, the political parties who support the road to come forward and join hands with the KSU to demand that the government clean up “It's a good idea to have a road that doesn't exist,” said Auguster Jyrwa.
It is also understood that the job of the police is not easy but it is more difficult compared to other jobs.
However, Mumbai Knights took the lead after Anju scored the first goal for Sports Odisha in the 34th minute.
He also congratulated the school for achieving its goal of building its own campus on its own land.
On that verse which says, “The French have come, the Dykhars have come, The peace of the Khasi Hills, the light will shine, The ignorance will flee.
When the man was 13 years old, he went to a distant place to work.
Therefore, according to the Word of God, man should not boast of the present, tomorrow or the future, but everything is in the will and wise direction of God.
The party will also meet with the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem and the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem to discuss many issues. and the nation.
The call was sent in connection with Seema Haider, who fled Pakistan with her four children and illegally entered India via Nepal.
Although they live and work hard with their environment, they are satisfied and live in happiness.
He said that the news spread on social media is false and fake news.
Shillong, November 12: Truck drivers and followers today raided the gate of the Meghalaya Transport Department at 13 mer on the Meghalaya-Assam highway.
He said that the silence of the state government regarding the dismissal of these police chiefs involved in the shooting death of Bah Che on the morning of the 13th is like encouraging these police officers. people who continue to do such things only in evil thoughts.
“Inside the shops there will always be goods or jhur although we have been closed for two months and the destruction of jhur will continue after two or three days but the inside of the shops will always be eaten or shrut. “They can cause damage at any time,” said Bah Marbaniang.
Shillong, March 22: The Central Puja Committee (CPC) has announced that there are 250 Durga Puja places in the state and 123 public places of worship in Khasi Hills this year. There are 11 pandals in Garo Hills and 116 pandals in Garo Hills.
On the other hand, he said that it would not be appropriate to blame the State Police Department as it has been able to suppress the armed groups like the HNLC and the Achik National Volunteer Council during the past. that they are still strong.
There are 3.47 lakh households in the state who have benefited from this scheme.
Jowai, November 11: One of the injured in the fire and explosion of a petrol truck at Mookhep on Friday morning, has died this morning.
Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Bah S.Nongtnger, in a statement, said that the truck was driven by Yomiki Kharshandi, 20 years old. The truck, which was carrying 12 muid, suddenly collapsed at Langkyrdem village while it was returning from Pynursla to Laitlyngkot.
Besides, T.36 lakh was seized in 2022, T.45.6 lakh in 2023 and T.60,000 thousand in
“At present, there are only a few farmers, but I encourage others to come forward and take up strawberry farming as one of the ways to increase their income,” he said. .
“We don't have time to spend anymore, the elections are near, we have only 12 months to meet the people,” said Bah Sanbor.
The Presidential Administration from Delhi can introduce whatever they want, including the railway, Hindi or Sanskrit, or the SVAMITVA which I have written many times and many others they want.
He said that the demand for ILP in Meghalaya has been going on for a long time, but this time the CoMSO will not hesitate to fight until the ILP is introduced in the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The residents of Diengsiar village, Pynursla village have been suspended for all their activities related to government offices and banks. The Rangbah Shnong of the village is still in jail.
The Government has set a target to complete the Mawpat Water Supply Scheme, Nongmynsong Water Supply Scheme and Lumshyiap and Pynthorbah Combined Water Supply Scheme by October next year.
In addition, the DHS(MI) has expressed its dissatisfaction why the Principal Secretary has appointed the Director of IIPH rather than the Senior Officer of the Department.
They were taken to the police station after receiving a complaint from the residents, said the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah Mariahom Kharkhrang.
Shillong, Naiwieng 3: U Bah Carmel Sohtun MDC of Laitkroh on Tuesday joined the KHNAM.
It is learned that the incident occurred when some truck drivers were standing in the middle of the road near the Tamabil market.
In the midst of fear the prophet cries out, “Comfort my people, saith our God, comfort them” (Isaiah 40:1).
As the Church as a whole, we strongly condemn such incidents and if they continue to happen, the Catholic Church will have to take a stronger stance against such perpetrators.
Speaking to reporters after leaving the CE's office, Bah B.Lamin said that the CE has promised that the repair of the road will start soon. This is because the machinery and equipment to construct the road is still in the middle of the road.
To date, Caritas India has provided assistance worth T.3 crore.
The difference, just in terms of pre-population too, which is around more than 4 lakh.
Also present on the occasion were officials of the Sports Department, office bearers of sports associations, parents, players and others.
Islam was shifted from Ampati to Tura after angry people gathered at the police station to protest against the incident.
The Government's selection of these three has something behind it.
Shillong: It has been seven years since the inclusion of people under the Pradhan Mantri MUDRA Yojana (PMMY).
“The National Executive Committee of the party held in Delhi on 13th July decided to extend the term of office of JP Nadda until 24 July 2024 and all the Presidents of the party in other states have also been appointed. stretch together," he said.
Nongpoh, July 03: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun MLA Jirang Constituency today congratulated the people of Ri-Bhoi District from the former leaders who created the district in The district will celebrate its 30th anniversary on July
However, later in the evening, another group came and threw a bottle of beer at the children.
Nongpoh, Naitung 31: Before the people reach the time to renew their leaders for the 2023 elections, the TMC party has won power in Jirang Constituency after the leaders of the party BJP, Congress and UDP have joined the TMC party.
She said the region has benefited from schemes like Ayushman Bharat Health and Wellness Centers and others.
In this regard, if the Chief Forest Officer of JHADC fails to come on this day to explain to the people, the village will cancel the soskular (agreement) which expired in
The company India Talent Fight has promised to have the opportunity to appear in the Bollywood album and big reality show called Love War. episodes to come.
The MSOA said that many of the outstanding athletes of the state have missed out on the North East Games 2024 due to examinations and other activities.
“I hope that on the first day of the 24th, especially the shops in Motphran should be opened, because of the difficulty in providing salaries of employees, shop fees and others,” he said.
On the other hand, the residents have to go far away because there are streams or ponds with higher water levels.
In my opinion, it is necessary to heal our Khasi Khara society.
Because life here is like a flower, says the Word of God.
