This clearly shows that it is the support and loyalty of the Government of Meghalaya to Himanta Biswa Sarma and Amit Shah,” said Bah Kharbani.
The people know better what benefits the BJP government in Delhi has brought to them.
He said that these days, vehicles going to Sohmynthar, Mawthir, Mawdumdum, Kyllang and other villages in the area, are no longer except Mahindra pickups which are four wheelers. who is light anymore.
Kitborlang Dkhar together with the leaders of WJNC-Iooksi Circle distributed 5 kilos of rice to 4 villages including Biar, Biar, Khonshnong, Shaphai and Iooksi District.
He said that this will be the beginning of the introduction of modern medical equipment at the hospital for the benefit of the people of the state.
I stood up, and cried out, saying, If this be of God, let the glory of the Lord appear: but if it be wicked, let it perish.
The child is only 16 years old and is studying in Class-IX at a school in Jri Kyndeng.
“He said that as soon as Conrad took over as Prime Minister, he went to meet him face to face to discuss the reservation policy and the roster system.
The District Magistrate, West Jaintia Hills District, today announced that the night curfew has been lifted in Sahsniang village from Monday after the restoration of peace and order in the village.
Teibor won the MDC election in 2019 as an independent candidate, after which he joined the UDP as an MDC, but joined the NPP to contest the MLA election. long on the 27th of June.
This parable also speaks to the Jews who first heard the message of salvation, who despised the Gentiles.
At the same time, he congratulated the Social Welfare Department for launching the Drug Reduction, Elimination and Action Mission (DREAM) on 27th July 2023 with the aim of transforming the state into a Drug Reduction, Elimination and Action Mission (DREAM). She said that it is a policy to work without any doubt to eradicate alcoholic beverages and to make society free from the addiction to alcohol which everyone is looking forward to.
Furthermore, the report said that the tournament is a competition to encourage the athletes as one of the events in the annual car race near Le Mans, France. .
Shillong: Meghalaya lost to Jharkhand 2-2 in the semi-finals of the BC ROY Trophy Junior Nationals 2018 held in Odisha on Saturday.
On the other hand, Bah Commander congratulated the Farmer Commission for organizing this program and said that he hopes that in the future the officers who will take over the work will be able to meet easily. that farmer k needs.
The Islamic State, a militant group that has previously seized power in parts of Iraq and Syria, has claimed responsibility for the incident, Amaq news agency said. , which is not available on Telegram.
“He (James) has alleged that he knows the fugitive and if he has any information he should come and tell the police,” said Zenith Sangma. work and will fight to end violence against women.
Rambrai MLA KP Pangniang, who is also the President of the HSPDP West Khasi Hills, together with Nongstoin MLA D.Jyndiang, have tried to stop the incident. and invite all the people to the meeting for the purpose of speaking clearly and to explain and not to just shout or criticize each other and therefore on the part of the supporters of the party, they came back in to listen to the explanation and some of them ran away.
“The VDPs don't have the authority to arrest anyone, but the Dorbar Shnong has the authority to arrest anyone, and the VDPs shouldn't raise their hands to touch anyone if they arrest a drunkard, a thief, a robber. It is the duty of the village if it feels it can judge, but once there is a criminal act or an act that violates the law, the village has no right to “It is their duty to inform the police immediately,” said Bah Mawlein.
He said this in the KHADC dorbar today and the CEM said that the Council has not yet issued any NoC. According to the Rambrai MDC, Assam has decided to increase the height of the 100 meter long and this will be a threat to the villages of Rambrai area and parts of Ri-Bhoi will be flooded.
Those inside and outside the city, where the people are facing problems.
“I was one of the founders of the UDP, but I left,” said Bah Martle, who was the president of the PDIC before the dissolution of the UDP. Among others, a speech was delivered by the daughter of Bah BB Lyngdoh, Kong Syrpailyne Khonglah who recalled the bravery of her father in doing anything he felt was right and proper. right.
, LP School (South West Garo Hills), has lodged a complaint that on July 11, robbers stole four solar batteries and cables from the school.
The Minister said that so far, 304 foreign Daju have come to collect their application forms from the Hima office, and out of these 304, 16 of them have already submitted their application forms. books needed into the office.
He and his brothers on Tuesday at 10.50 pm threw stones at a Maruti car no.
The State Government today celebrated the Teachers' Day and awarded prizes to some of the teachers who have been selected for their outstanding contribution to the teaching profession. which was held at the Soso Tham Auditorium.
This decision was taken by the Seng to appoint only the Senior Leader of the Seng as the beginning of a stronger protest.
Or in a moment, children lose their children if an accident happens to them.
Bah Welbirth Rani, as the senior leader of the FKJGP, encouraged the members of the party not to be afraid, when fighting for the good and future of the Jaidbynriew. It is time to fight against those who are trying to destroy the Jaidbynriew, because if we don't dare to stand against it now, it means that soon the Khasi Hills will become like Tripura. They don't want to share anything in front of the authorities.
Nongpoh, Naitung 15: The Nongpoh Town Committee (NTC) today held a meeting with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District and the Commissioner Secretary of Transport Department at the DC's office in Nongpoh. Held a meeting with the leaders of the Dorbar Rangbah Shnong Ri Bhoi District (DRSRBD) and Seng Bhalang to discuss the issue of opposing the government's plan to install a weighbridge in Nongpoh.
Let us not be like the foolish virgins but be wise virgins by receiving the Holy Spirit and acting according to the teachings of Jesus.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 26: “The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (KYU) has congratulated the Khasi Students Union (KSU) West Khasi Hills District for taking the initiative to clean up the garbage in the government departments. West Khasi Hills, where it has found many jobs in various departments, which have been appointed without going through a clean process but have been forcibly appointed,” said the statement. HYC West Khasi Hills General Secretary Wantei Lyngdoh.
The PCs are from Marriot Hotel to Urkaliar, Polo Hills, Quinton Road, Ee Cee Restaurant to Jail Road Petrol Pump and will be open from 11:30 pm,” he said.
The recommendations of this Forum shall be available to all departments for consideration and consideration.
Perhaps many of us don't feel sorry for the names of our ancestors on the hills, rivers, valleys and rivers around this country of Laiphew Syiem and Khatar Doloi or the country of Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep. your wasa.
We will not disappoint the people who elected us,” said the president of KHNAM. Earlier, the candidates of KHNAM also laid flowers in front of the statue of Kiang Nangbah.
:The Khasi song “Dribar Taxi” is a song released on the 6th June 2023 and sung by BOYS OF Rhyth and Frankie Ri.
There is a saying that the sound of music is a cure for the sad or the depressed.
“This incident is very unfair, because my life will end like this,” said Jonsson.
This is an increase of 40,000 over the previous year, which was 18,92,7
However, the time will soon increase when there will be many poor people who don't even have a house.
He said that foreign and local companies will come to recruit youth as part of the Rozger Mela and this is only the beginning and will continue in the coming days.
He said that similar problems have been witnessed in other areas like Mawsynram, Mawkyrwat and Garo Hills after handing over to FEDCO. MeECL Umsning Division is strongly opposed to the handover of MeECL Umsning Division to private companies.
This is the beginning and it is expected to introduce more trainings such as vocational training, skill training and others according to the needs of the village.
He said that some MLAs have fled but the supporters will not flee at all, as today in their support for him in the Congress party. He said that in 2023, the people of the state will give their warning to the MDA government. He also condemned the visit of the Prime Minister to distribute schemes. It is merely a human arrangement and has wasted money from the construction of the pandal and travel expenses.
D, 47 in MPhil, 839 in Post Graduate Degrees and 7975 in Bachelor's Degree.
In other States, the Central Government has encouraged the establishment of Self Help Groups with the aim of eradicating poverty in India.
So far, 2,084 cases have been confirmed while 1,805 cases have been discharged from hospitals in the state.
“It (reopening of religious places) will also help the government in the sense that they can reach out to their respective congregation because today these places are closed and they also find it difficult as online medium has its limitations – so we expect with this opening it will also help the vaccination effort of the government,” Rao stated.
It is also worth mentioning that Lajong is also a team from this state which has gained recognition in the country and which is also the club that has come farther than other clubs from this state. state.
Marak, the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma and the Government of India.
He also reminded the farmers that the government has stopped supplying chemical fertilizers to the farmers, therefore he urged them to use chemical fertilizers and to start organic farming because of the market. now you need these kinds of jhur.
In the neighboring state of Assam, we have seen that the Christian churches have been harassed by letters from the Government authorities requesting for a census of the population and so on,” said the statement.
According to a statement released by the society, the families have children with disabilities.
It was noted that at this meeting there was no honor for Bah Hadrian as was done for the other invitees.
From these crops, the farmers have been able to sell them such as Kba symai CAU R1 in the past months to the Agriculture Office.
God says – “Thou art my sword and my weapons of war: with thee will I break in pieces nations, and with thee will I destroy kingdoms.
Chapter 5 – The Lamin, Diengdoh and Laloo Family.
Speaking at an Awareness Program at Kynshi Mawria today on the diseases caused by the wrong thinking, Bah Dkhar said that there are many diseases caused by the lack of health. wrong thinking and inability to receive help or encouragement when they are in sorrow, anxiety or poverty.
Manjinder Singh Sirsa, today expressed his dissatisfaction with the decision of the Meghalaya government to evict the tribals from the area, alleging that the of the Meghalaya government is only to discriminate against the people so that they can win the elections.
However, on the other hand, they expressed their regret that on their part, they used to receive assistance only in the past.
“Therefore, on this occasion, he said that from the next budget in the Council he will look for ways to increase the budget for the department.
“The orders and bills passed and approved by the district council are stuck in writing and the implementation is poor,” said Bah Paul. it is necessary to adapt and improve the skills of officers, the management system.
Meghalaya Police have announced that the police station at Byrnihat in Ri-Bhoi district has been temporarily closed due to the confirmation of a policeman who has tested positive for covid-1 19.
According to the KYM, many of the water tanks in Urkhla have been filled with garbage and this shows that there has been no cleaning for many months because even the water supply is dirty. jngiar but when it was finished it turned red.
The open quiz on the G20 Presidency of India was very lively and the participants showed their knowledge on this topic.
Continuity should be increased regarding the follow-up screening requirement to ensure symptomatic patients are screened, isolated and receive prompt treatments according to guidelines.
Because if the rules issued by the ECI say that one person one vote is illegal that each person can vote two or three times or as many as he likes, but that too depends on the ECI will not decide.
“Look for example, in Assam, a neighboring state, they build statues of their heroes and decorate the places to be a memorial to them,” said the Principal of St. Edmunds.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: Many discussions have emerged these days on the complaint of Rangbah Shnongs against the removal of their powers according to the order issued by the High Court on 10th November,
The dorbar will last for three days and will end on 13th June
Look at our nation, It is in danger; I am afraid that the Khasi Hills will remain only in stories.
However, if we have a true desire from the heart, there will be no obstacles that can stop us from being discouraged.
Sangma and Gobithar Marak.
Elder Ijun Sing Lyngdoh as Lamphang, in this speech, concluded with these words.
Many leaders have tried to come forward to demand and also to amend or renew the Reservation Policy 1972 according to the current situation, but the Government is still following the rules as decided years ago.
Continuation The unusual death of Bah Jop has shocked others who knew about it.
They said that if the road reaches Kyrshai, the vendors will be able to buy goods from Guwahati, as it is close to the border market with Assam at Ukiam.
Therefore, he said, there should be a law to protect people who use the tree.
Also present on the occasion was Miss I Kharlukhi, Principal of Mawryngkneng College and in her speech she said that as students who have knowledge and skills They should take note of what these young people give and teach them because it is necessary as citizens to work together and improve all these things.
Our friendship is something that will be remembered and never forgotten.
Meanwhile, the Governor of Meghalaya, Dr KK Paul, while speaking on Saturday, said that “Durga Puja in Meghalaya shows the happiness of all the ethnic groups through the coexistence of the people in the society. relations between all kinds of religions".
There was a rakot who used to eat people every day, 2 or 3 people at a time.
At least 53 people have been killed in the outbreak, the Ministry of Public Health said.
MeECL, it may be recalled, started its rise during the tenure of the former head of the department, VS Jafa, when he changed the way of working and changed the name of the office to lum. Many of the departments, or as known by the Areas, have been dissolved and these have been a real revival of the previous department, which was very poor.
On the same day, Rupang also met with several Khasi youths from Jaintia Hills led by Bah Manangai Sutnga and the Shillong Choice group. They were led by Samla Max Marbaniang who arrived at the scene to visit the child with a gift.
Speaking as the chief guest, u Wailad urged the farmers to work hard so that the state can become a food producer and not a demander of food from other states.
With this victory, GB have also secured the three goals.
Speaking on the government's decision to accept NCERT books in schools, the President of the HYC questioned the urgency of implementing this decision without first considering whether it will affect the people. students.
Shillong, Iaiong 14 : The State Government on Thursday held a meeting with the Head Officers and Chief Executive Members on the cleaning and restoration of the major rivers of Shillong including the Wah Umkhrah, Umshypi River and Umkhen River.
The KSU, under the leadership of the BVKJWO, has met with the family members of the abducted child and immediately, they have met with the Chief Superintendent of Police of Lala PS, where they have been arrested. They demanded the immediate release of the child within 24 hours and the arrest of those involved in the crime.
This is the truth and if we deny this truth, we see clearly that it only brings confusion and confusion to any of the Government's objectives, no matter how big or for the better. I'm going to kill you.
“After five years of implementation of NCAP, only 44 cities out of 131 cities with poor air quality were found according to this study," Dahia said.
Cyclone Kyarr, which is currently hitting the Arabian Sea, was strongest at an area 240 kilometers northwest of Ratnagiri in Maharashtra at 11:30 am.
In fact, the state government through MeECL has submitted all the documents requested by the ED and in the past few days we have sent clarifications on some of the issues requested by the ED. “There is such a search for documents which is completely wrong,” said Prestone.
Hospitals, which used to take oxygen from Linde Air, said they don't get enough air and they need it at this time.
Mickey Marngar took two wickets while Shaisngi Lyngdoh took one wicket for Riatsamthiah.
These seven projects were funded by the Late Rev D.Leslie Jones, who lives near Swansea, Wales, at a cost of 1 billion 90 lakh 7 thousand 300 tyngka, as well as by the Church. With this donation of Rev D. Leslie Jones, a Laundry Unit has been built which has two industrial washing machines and two washers which has been a blessing to the hospital.
The small balconies of the building are also surrounded by nar rot and the building has only one entrance and exit.
Because the wild donkey appeared in the Holy Scriptures in the days of Pamen Abram, the wild donkey appeared in the time of Moses.
The VPP had moved a motion on the Roster System in the last session, but could not move it due to the dismissal of the Speaker of the Assembly at 12 noon.
We have conducted a thorough search for the bomb in collaboration with the sma dien,” said Deo.
If 10 MDCs appear, including 2 MDCs of the HSPDP, the opposition will reach
According to the report, the road will be opened in a few days after the cleaning of the debris.
Regarding the time for the race, they demanded that the DSC should give the time as in other districts of 10Km, and the last issue is that the DSC should to send a letter to all elected candidates for the written test within a reasonable time.
In her speech, Kong Roshan Warjri said that as the people we should have the cooperation together and especially to be willing to take part in any activities whether it is of the village or activities related to the village. development schemes of the government or others to improve not only the village but also the society.
Post Name:- Cold Chain OfficerNo of posts:- 1Department:- Directorate of Health Services (MCH & FW), Meghalaya, Shillong.
Among the winners, Batista Marbaniang won 1st Prize (Rs 20,000), 2nd Prize Riphinstar Sohtun (Rs 10,000) and 3rd Prize – Banjoplang Umbah (Rs 000).
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Denis Mukhim said that the reason why he left to support Bah Charles Marngar is because of his refusal to contest the election after the UDP party lost. He said that the UDP ticket has strengthened his spirit to serve and he has seen that Bah Charles Marngar who is also an MDC is the best person to lead the party. Mawhati as the Leader of the Legislative Assembly after the elections and on this basis together with his supporters have decided to support Bah Charles Marngar to win him honorably in the upcoming elections. .
“It is surprising that it takes up to two years to draft the announcement and rules and this makes the parties doubtful and if this is the case we will not refuse to do the job,” said the president of FKJGP. .Nongstoiñ: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council Myriaw Circle under the leadership of Rapborlang Marbaniang President and Markdonald Nongrang Organizing Secretary of the District have visited Myriaw Circle to provide assistance to the family of Bah Phlasting Nongsiej. , after his house was destroyed by fire.
“The elderly have to bear the burden of the responsibility of their family, which sometimes they forget the needs of the constituency and the people,” he said.
He said that in order for the people not to misunderstand, he has to clarify through the media on the allegation against him.
On the same day, a similar program was held at Chutwakhu Indoor Auditorium, Jowai by the office of the Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills on the theme “People First: Stop Stigma and Discrimination.
The youth who shot the guard is a resident of Pynthor.
On this occasion, the founding leaders of Moosalyngkat Village were honored and prizes were also distributed to the winners of various competitions.
“Their results are better now because they will fight to register their own relatives, with their results they can register young candidates, from Garo Hills many young people have come and also in Khasi Hills," he added.
RL Blah said that the Bill has been pending for a long time and they have given the government time to pass it within the first month of November and the ways and means to pass it. The bill will depend on the wisdom of the government, even if the bill is in the hands of the central government.
I think it is a sign of their opposition to the Governor's decision to use Hindi, the mother tongue which many of our MLAs do not use properly in their lives. their everyday.
The performance of these bowlers is the best in the A list of cricket.
Students who are volunteer members of the NSS as well as Program Officers (POs) took part in the rally. protest against these unhealthy and unhealthy drinks.
After this, the elders completed the ceremony of cleansing the 'Mei Mawbuh' which is the dancer of the harvest, the harvest of the children of mankind.
On the other hand, some people get up early in the morning without any problems, are proud and ready to fight in the world.
And Eve answered and said, God forbid that we should eat of it: for if we eat of it, we shall surely die.
Furthermore, the participation of several Barikor jain from this region and northern Punjab enriched the festival.
The Congress, which has been the strongest and most paid party in Meghalaya since ancient times, may change after it withdrew from Delhi.
When we buy cows from Assam and intend to smuggle them to the state, we are arrested by the police in Byrnihat and this does not prevent us from having to pay money to them, so that they can release us and allow us to reach the market. , for the purpose of shohdoh and selling to the public, which has also been a big problem for us the farmers and those who have earned their living from this farming activity, said the rangbah.
“When we received a reply from the NHAI, we have received a reply from the NHAI that it is due to the heavy rainfall which has caused the collapse of the hills and rivers. cleanse the road".
The King said, “How long will your journey be? When did you come back? So the king sent Nehemiah to go” Nehemiah 2:1-9
Spain, which is expected to host the Olympics in 2040, is now focused on
People can get these free food items at any place under the One Nation One Ration Card (ONORC) plan for 5 lakh ration shops across the country.
This is after the government has received clarification from the Ministry of Coal and Mines as well as the Ministry of Commerce regarding the order issued by the Meghalaya High Court on 23rd November this year.
Thus the Word of God is light, truth and power.
Thadlaskeiñ Block on October 24, 2023 from 2 pm to Mukhla Raij Playground.
These vacancies are Laban left by Sanbor Shullai (NCP), Sohiong left by HDR Lyngdoh (Congress), Mairang left by HDR Lyngdoh (UDP), Mawthadraishan left by H Brolding Nongsiej (UDP), Nongkrem left by Ardent M Basaiawmoit. On the other hand, other parties like HSPDP, UDP, Congress, KHNAM and even the HSPDP from Rambrai-Jyrngam have won the elections. The BJP has already nominated its candidates and will nominate its candidates for the mid-term elections, but has not been able to nominate the same candidates who have resigned especially the UDP, Congress and HSPDP. Shillong, Nailur: The Meghalaya High Court on Friday directed the state government to file an affidavit regarding the corruption in the recruitment of LP School teachers in the state in
The employees of the Board have been left in dire need of money, as the government has not paid their salaries which is the right of these 39 employees.
The meeting was held at Dinam Hall Shillong, although there was a shortage of participants especially women.
JOWAI: U Bah R. Rapsang, District Youth Coordinator, Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan (NYKS), Jowai has inaugurated a public toilet sponsored by the NYKS, Jowai at a work camp organized by the Dorbar Shnong Mukhla. Nongrim through Mukhla Sports Club in collaboration with NYKS on the second day.
B.Lokur and Justice Mr.R.K.Agarwal.
The prize money will be T.2.80 lakh for the winners.
People today are like the Samaritan woman who spoke to Jesus (John 4:20), “Our fathers worshiped in this mountain”.
This rich priest of this small nation, but full of destroyers in all respects, wrote this article only to destroy his fellow Christians and especially the Christian faith.
Speaking to reporters, Jain said the state police should have a brave attitude in the fight against insurgents.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Mukul Sangma today convened a meeting with four MLAs, Embhah Syiemlieh, UDP MLA from Mawlai, AL Hek, Congress MLA from Pynthorumkhrah, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh of the UDP from Nongthymmai and David Nongrum from Mawryngkneng, Congress MDC from Mawlai PT Sawkmie and Village Authorities from these four constituencies were also present.
In a statement, KHNAM Working President Thomas Passah said that the meeting of the political parties on the Reservation Policy held on 31st June, 2023 at the Main Secretariat has taken a decision from all the political parties. world must send a letter with reasons within 15 days.
To mobilize and encourage residents to participate in health education programmes, to encourage and encourage residents to use the health services provided by the Government, such as injections children, women and other programmes.
“To make India a developed country, it is necessary to improve and strengthen the quality of health services,” PM Modi said after the opening of the hospital.
He said the Meghalaya government has planned to train youth in various fields in polytechnics and at present about 7500 youth from Meghalaya and other states in the North East will receive training.
The Government does not have time to pay for all these.
Below 6.5 is acidic.
The Prime Minister warned against stingy counting and urged to be vigilant.
“We have witnessed an increase in crime especially theft in many villages.
On the other hand, Bah Tariang said that the Dorbar Shnong will take strict action as this place is a place of walking and standing for the people and especially in the evening, there is no peace for the people.
He said about 4.57 billion people use the internet worldwide as of April
However, 15 minutes before they finished their shoot, the man fled.
Other leaders from Mawrong constituency under the leadership of Bah Moving Mukshiar and Bah C Barim together with the party workers unanimously decided to leave the party and also the party supporters. .
Not only that, but also plants like Synsar and Slatyrpad.
Let us pray for the rulers in government so that they will understand that they are only servants and not masters to humble themselves and not to exalt themselves because the Word of God says – Pray for Timothy 2:1-2
Shillong: The three CEMs of the three District Councils of Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to discuss the issue of many issues related to the problems faced by the District Councils.
Where are the 5 seats?” asked the Seng.
" (Deut 1:13) This word alone, used four thousand years ago, has become the great principle for the establishment of independent rule.
At the same time, he urged the government authorities especially the PWD department to expedite the completion of the road to Thieddieng which has already been allocated funds from the PMGSY scheme. The incident occurred on the 13th of this month, after three persons including a child were found last month.
Fela invited and welcomed the leaders of the Seng Khasi Kmie to take their time to go to Mizoram to meet with the traditional religious leaders and to receive to discuss and discuss and also to explain clearly the customs that they hold until today.
In the second half, Meghalaya's starters Anmol Sunar and Mrinal Das started well but Anmol was dismissed early for 15 runs and his followers failed. Kadamjit from Manipur has scored well for Meghalaya in five overs. After this, Meghalaya did not give up, with the arrival of Das who managed to score well. and now the Meghalaya team has hope only in this player to improve the game.
Deibormi Rangadiongka of Lion Sports Youth Affairs won the Man of the Match award, Sylvester Mylliempdah won the Man of the Match award and Sylvester Mylliempdah won the Efty. Sylvester Mylliempdah of Efty United XI Mynso won the Man of the Tournament.
He said the government will attract foreigners to invest in the state.
He said the Government is still waiting to hear from them on the continuation of the talks.
“The violence of these households will blame themselves for showing their betrayal of their brothers and sisters just for their own benefit, without caring anymore. “It's a good idea to take action against our fellow citizens who have been insulted by the authorities for 10 days but they are protecting us immediately to punish this perpetrator of our small nation,” said the statement. you are a young man.
Daniel prayed, and the mouth of the lions was shut in the den of lions.
“The Secretaries of VECs in some villages are acting as political agents which should not be the case.
The Commissioner Secretary, Law and Order Department, read out the decision and handed it over to the Judge of the new District Session Court.
Meanwhile, Congress Parliamentary Party Spokesperson Ronnie Lyngdoh said that although the CEM has said that it is the decision of the EC, some UDA MDCs are not aware of this decision.
In the semifinals on Thursday, West Garo Hills beat South Garo Hills 25-22, 22-25, 25-2 Set 4: 25 -16.
God was very sorry when man fell into sin.
Beloved, these things are near now, at the doors. Look and lift up your eyes.
In another development, HITO East Jaintia Hills today lodged a complaint at Lumshnong Police Station against these two employees of the factory.
“I have not received any information about the meeting but I have received an SMS from the Secretary of KHADC informing me that there will be a special meeting,” said Sohtun.
However, it should not be taken for granted because it can seriously affect the nation in the future.
He said that they are now preparing to get the support of those who love the party and also those who love the issues that the party will take up.
In the men's category, Modern Academy Higher Secondary School, Rangmaw won by 47 to 43 points against Phlorosy Dew Secondary School, Nonglang. In the women's category, Little Star Higher School, Nonglang won by 42 to 25 points.
Please remember the Father's Tribe.
Chwami Dkhar scored from 2' and Pynshaimiki Sana from 40' to give Evergreen Mukhla a 2-0 victory over Thadmuthlong.
“It hasn’t been decided yet.
They also think about the importance of sleeping during or after meals.
The body of Atal Bihari Vajpayee will be cremated today at 4 pm at Smriti Sthal, New Delhi.
In the middle of the match, Roland Kharsyntiew scored the equalizer in the 90+2 minutes for Nangkiew Irat. The goal is to finish this season with a win.
“If the Cabinet Ministers go to Delhi, they should raise their heads and not bow their heads, because when he comes to our state just to sit and talk, he doesn't want to. .
It is learned that the fire started from the kitchen and spread all over the place.
The Minister said that the team will be able to control and monitor the waste produced from the factories within 24 hours. rivers, canals, agricultural lands and to other areas adjacent to these processing facilities.
The winners of various categories were awarded with medals and certificates.
Naik said the election department has also made arrangements for security forces during the polls.
“The task that remains to be completed according to the directive of the Chairperson of the committee of all political parties on the Reservation Roster is to submit their recommendations to the Government.
“It is necessary to clarify that only students who intend to study abroad need to write the CUET examination,” said a letter from the union sent to the Prime Minister.
He said that he will continue to speak on this issue from time to time until it reaches the blood vessels of the Jaidbynriew.
And the angel answered and said unto the women, Fear not ye: for I know that ye seek Jesus, which was crucified: he is not here: for he is risen. the place where the Lord slept.
Puja Committees shall clean up the Puja Pandals during and after the end of the puja.
“In the last MP election, the turnout was only 53 percent in the state while in the last MLA election, it was 83 percent,” he said. Hardcore.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong FC beat Laban Sports Club 4-0 in the Shillong Premier League (ISSA) match played at the JN Stadium on Saturday.
I don't watch football, I don't have tiffin for my children.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Wanbor Pdang, spokesperson of KSU Barak Valley, said that there are many Khasi families who have lived in the area since the 18th century; However, foreigners have been robbing them from time to time and have taken away their land including the fields and thus many Khasi families have left the village. and now there are only three households, who have their own farms, who are still standing firm to hold their own houses and fields.
“However, the shortage of applicants from Scheduled Tribes and Scheduled Castes in the next election year will continue and we will fight as much as possible to apply for that year. chess has not been increased in the years that followed more than ten years.
Process also criticized the deposit of Professional Tax into the account of the Khasi Heritage Conservation Forum (KHCF) and said that the KHCF was established to showcase to the world our culture, but it was proclaimed.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: It was a memorable event for the youth of Tyrna Village today for receiving two awards known as the District Youth Club Award and at the same time The State Youth Club Award 2014-2015 is held at the Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports Govt of India through NYK Shillong.
Raising the issue during the Question Hour in the Legislative Assembly, Dr Celestine said that the land was donated to the Government when Patharkhmah was only an Administrative Unit.
Expressing his gratitude to the MLA, Samla Bakyrshan congratulated Bah PT Sawkmie who has been sympathetic and appreciated his willingness to support him for this work.
Himachal Pradesh officials on Tuesday said that 31 people have died in three days from landslides and floods. which blocked more than 1,300 roads and damaged about 40 heavy bridges.
And he proclaimed, saying, Thus saith the LORD concerning Damascus;
In the 1st innings, Nehu Shillong managed to score 108/8 in 20 overs.
He was born on 20/9/1984 at Mission Compound, Jowai.
Our Deputy Commissioners and district authorities have extended relief measures to those affected.
From the husband of (L) Tbn Morit Swer Smt L Dkhar, children and grandchildren.
We the teachers who have just passed the MTET, would like to thank the Government for taking the initiative to expedite the advertisement of the posts of Assistant Teachers in Govt LP/UP Schools across the state.
Every year, colleges and universities produce tens of thousands of students who pass various examinations but there are no jobs.
Earlier, the HSPDP and KHNAM had decided to support Rev PBM Basaiawmoit in the MP election. give the decision these days.
The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, Iswanda Laloo, who is also the Returning Officer for the Mid-Term Elections for the 26-Langrin MDC Constituency, said that the election went smoothly and the turnout was 81.9%. .
Shillong, July 14: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) will hold a general meeting on Saturday, July 18, at its office at Mawlai Polytechnic at 12 noon.
Earlier, the Governor had denied the allegation that he had treated a woman who was contesting for the post of PRO at Raj Bhavan, and admitted that he treated her like a child.
The meeting was also attended by senior leaders of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association including Bah John F. Kharshiing, Working President, Finley L Pariat, General Secretary, Rajesh Kamal Jt Secretary, leaders of sports associations and other officials. parents of sports children.
Speeches were also delivered by the Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A.Sangma, and the Prime Minister awarded prizes to those who passed the MBOSE examinations. The launch of the Jubilee Souvenir and a book prepared by the President of the Managing Committee of the school.
He was wearing a blue school uniform, stem sweater and gray T-shirt.
And now the world is sometimes under the control of the Holy Spirit of God.
The Adviser of the union, KL Pariat, said that the union has already talked to the government to immediately resolve the monthly salary. “This scheme which has been in operation since 2002 without any changes in the state should be abolished” as it has affected the minds of the day labourers.
Shillong, March 25: The bodies of an Intelligence Bureau officer and a clothes trader who were kidnapped a month ago by Garo militants were found on Saturday. The bag is located in South Garo Hills District.
Shillong, Nailar 20 : The United Democratic Party (UDP) through its Vice Chairman, Bah PT Sawkmie, former MLA Mawlai today said that the roads in all parts of Shillong city have been destroyed. The PWD needs to take special attention to repair the road as soon as possible to avoid any hazards, which could affect the traffic of the people.
The KSU said that from time to time this family has submitted EPICs and Passbooks to the Mukhla Nongrim Village Authority, but surprisingly till now this family has not received even a single tin of sopïing.
On this occasion, he informed the authorities in charge of the health department, the water supply department and also the MLA of the area to take action. to conduct the survey so as not to cause suspicion to the general public.
“The amount we have donated to the CM Relief Fund is small, but we are confident that it will help the government to take precautionary measures to fight against COVID-19,” said Ma Thombor Shiwat.
““The truth is that in the past nine years, the Modi government has neglected the Railways.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: BJP Meghalaya Spokesperson Nahlin Kohli on Tuesday said that the road is necessary to bring about development in the North East, denying that it will bring about overcrowding. outside.
Speaking at the election campaign held at Kynshi Mawria on 24th June, Bah Nongsiej said, “If you like, elect me again in this election. This is the first time I've scored a hat-trick.
They said tourists especially foreigners love the beautiful scenery.
He said that the proposal budget for the Civil Sub-Division Office 2005 is no longer appropriate and a new one has been submitted.
“I asked one by one where the T.10 lakh came from and how it disappeared,” said Urmila, who has only T.2000 in the bank. the scheme Jan Fund Scheme.
The village and the parents of the students participated in the celebration.
Every day, Mynder from all over the states come to apply for jobs in Cement Companies, while ours don't get to apply on time.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) is initially deeply concerned about the unfounded allegations especially the writings of the former Governor of the State which are insulting and also unfounded. bring about conflict between us the indigenous people and the Bengalis.
Shillong, Lber 24: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills on Thursday issued an order that buses operating in Shillong through Khyndailad and Motphran will be banned from 21st November. 2022 is allowed again from today to earn again.
No FPS dealers shall be deducted from the quota allocated by the Government in connection with the distribution of any NFSA and Non NFSA commodities. to remove ration from those who do not have Aadhaar Card and those who have lost their ration cards.
The statement said that the NPP's victory in the MLA elections in 2023 is due to the strong support of the people of the state in view of the development works that the party has done in the last three years, since – 2023.
Guwahati: The BJP will continue to work with other political parties to form a coalition government in Manipur.
Many people say that the Khasi take their jait from the woman, but the basic phrase is 'from the mother who gave birth'
Another T.25 lakh has been allocated to M/S Kharsyntiew Industries for the construction of the exterior and interior of the Court Building, Shillong. , we don't know what else they mean,” he said.
In politics, a momentary decision can make a difference – for better or for worse.
Shillong, Lber 20: While condemning the harassment and violence against the people living in the border areas between Assam and Meghalaya, the Assam police have been willing to violate the rights of the people. The Meghalaya Peoples Human Rights Council (MHRC) has said that the human rights violations in these areas have been caused by the lack of attention of the Meghalaya Government to resolve the border issue for more than 42 years. (MPHRC).
Grace Mary Kharpuri of the Congress won from Nongshken constituency, Teinwell Dkhar of the UDP won from Shella constituency and Ryngkatlang Lyndem of the UDP won from Laitkroh. Langkyrdem Constituency.
Therefore, the District Magistrate Ri Bhoi, has urged those who have visited the hospital before the 10th, to stay at home for 10 days, and also to listen to the If you have any questions, please contact the District Control Room by calling No.03638232028/1077 or Health Helpline No.
He urged the parents to encourage their children to turn their attention to the Civil Service because the people themselves know the poverty and customs and traditions of the people which foreigners do not know. who believed nothing.
Leon Goretzka scored one goal for Germany in the 84th minute and Kai Havertz scored the other in the 66th minute.
Meghalaya, on the other hand, has reached the fourth position.
It's all about Hindi.
If they fail to pay the fine, they will be prosecuted under Sections 135 and 126 of the Electricity Act 2003 and Amendment Act 2007,” said Bah O. Riang.
The BSF troops held a three-day meeting with the BGB troops here in Shillong at the BSF headquarters to discuss and train on insurgency activities. The meeting will be held from the 6th to the 9th of this month.
Shillong, Lber, 19: The District TB Officer, Ri Bhoi District under the theme, 'Yes! We can end TB' by urging the public to cooperate in supporting TB patients to end the disease and to educate the public on hygiene and health, the impact of tuberculosis on society and income.
The 14 sports to be held in the tournament are Archery, Athletics, Badminton, Basketball, Boxing, Football, Judo, Karate, Shooting, Swimming, Table Tennis, Taekwando, Tennis and Wushu.
The arrested person, Damut Bang, surrendered to the Ummulong Beat House at Jowai Police Station on Tuesday.
Shillong: The Singer and Dancer Association (SIA) has invited all singers and dancers to take part in the Singing and Dancing Superstar Season
July is the month when the matriculants are sure that the results will be released.
The people also know who and what kind of candidates they are so it is too late to clarify the allegations.
They also appealed to the visitors to be patient for a while because the development does not mean that it will be good from the beginning.
“Of course, even though we haven't been able to hold the Inter-dong tournament for many years, we hope that through this Inter-dong tournament, we will see our youngsters again. "I'm going to play football again," he said.
Lambormi Suchen in his speech praised the goods produced by Madankynsaw-Mowkyndeng Village for being good and famous all over the country and reminded the farmers that the goods produced by them reach Delhi with the support of the farmers. He also wished them all the best in their work and income.
On the occasion, Modi also shook hands with African Union Supreme Leader Azali Assoumani and welcomed him in a warm manner before giving him a place. to sit on the chair of the table to discuss the issue at the meeting.
He said that the reason for the delay in the meeting is because it is the custom of any party before taking a decision to have a thorough discussion.
New Delhi: Prashant Bhushan, one of the senior advocates of the Supreme Court, was convicted by the Supreme Court today of two tweets against SA Bobde. and also the Supreme Court.
Summarizing the findings of the Inquiry Committee, Gokhale said, “Up to 29 vehicles purchased by the Meghalaya Police Department have not been handed over to any officer or put in use. tnat Police.
Through this programme, it is expected to develop children who have the ability to play.
The party also encourages the Khasi youth to apply for these posts at the Post Office so that they can get their share.
Shillong, October 23: The MDCs on the side of MB Rymbai include the Dy.CEM, A.Andrew Shullai and others including the Chairman and Dy, Chairman of JHADC. Shailinia Kharrymba, a student of Shailinia Kharrymba, who was killed by robbers in Sawmer, has been killed in a tragic accident. Midnight on the 17th.
Speaking at the programme, Miriam Samuel, HoD, Department of Social Work, Madras Christian College, congratulated the MLCU for initiating this training in the field of Social Work. read very recently in India.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Power Distribution Corporation (MePDCL) has announced that there will be no power outage through the 132/33 KV Grid Sub Station.
In fact, the Association has already prepared for a big meeting in Nongstoin on the 31st of this month, but due to this tragic incident, the Association has to cancel. as a sign of sympathy for the death.
Meghalaya's next match will be against Chhattisgarh tomorrow.
Therefore, the union, having received complaints from many churches, will not hesitate to take action in this regard, for the safety of the residents of War area as a whole.
In addition, the Government through the Department of Health & Family Welfare has sent a letter No.Z.21020/16/2020-PH dated 26th April 2021 addressed to the Additional Secretary of Health, Principal Secretaries (Health). ) / Secretaries (Health) and sent to all the States and UTs directing that this scheme should be announced publicly and among all the employees of the health department.
Samla Wanteibok Lyngdoh, Secretary of the party, urged the people not to count the dew thala when they receive these leaflets.
You said you used your phone.
He asked the state government why other states like Assam, Tripura, Arunachal, Punjab can still appoint after the expiry of the contract, but why Meghalaya cannot appoint. .
The meeting was conducted by Samla Hopewell Kharkongor, President FKJGP Lai Shnong Area Unit. The villagers have turned to join the FKJGP with the intention of working hard not only for the village but for the Upper Shilling area and for the nation as a whole.
Shillong, Naitung 24 : Shillong Lajong FC have scored three points after beating Malki SC 1-0 in the Shillong Premier League 2021-22 on Saturday. of the Third Ground, Polo, Shillong.
Palatmiki Kharbuki, Maidong, Water Resource Department, West Jaintia Hills, passed away on Tuesday, 19th November .
It should find ways and means to expedite the construction of the road so that it will not put at risk the people who pass through this highway.
It will also be the time when Bah Vincent H.
They said that the implementation till the time of writing of the news is still ongoing for the clearance of the road, but the continuous heavy rainfall has made it difficult for the police teams to implement in the Ramban-Banihal Sector where They fought as hard as they could to release the vehicles that were stuck on the road.
However, after the departure of the Maki, there were only a few Khasi.
Franky Dkhar and 14-year-old Wallamjingsuk Khongshun have been selected from the training camp to join the Hyderabad Football Club.
The Chancellor said that any student can come and try in this recruitment market where various companies will come to recruit qualified students.
Bharati also promised Purno that the project will be implemented by the Government of India and cannot be cancelled.
On the part of the Headmaster of the school, Bah S.Kharbuki in his speech, he thanked the MLA of the area for his contribution to the school since the past few years. now.
It is not good to rely too much on borrowing.
One of the elders from Lad Nongma, a village which is only two kilometers from Aradongga Higher Secondary School, said that if it had not been for the hard work of Bah Pangñiang to implement the scheme of T.1.30 crore. The school has been destroyed until today because the rijied has destroyed all around.
Noting that many of the indigenous people have been involved in the implementation of major projects, he said, “Does the Government respect? However, our Government is not strong enough.
Although the past 24 hours have been heavy rainfall, the temperature in Shillong has not dropped at all and it is understood that the weather is in extreme heat. The temperature reached 24.8 degrees Celsius, while the minimum temperature reached 17.6 degrees Celsius.
“The land here in Khasiland could not be sold 100 years ago.
Why doesn't the Synod have so many thoughts?
The union officials have also been directed to ensure that trucks leaving the cargo areas go to the designated stops and warned to punish those who violate or who has a car without akor.
The Rangbah Shnong of Klew, Bah B.Sten, said that he received the information at 10 pm, because the Rangbah Dong of Klew. tell him that they have found a man in a darker place.
James was defeated by Rupa M. Marak by 18 votes after receiving 15702 votes. The Amlarem MLA and former Defense Minister has returned as MLA. NPP candidate Stephenson Mukhim.
The money was seized from a vehicle (AS01-AP-7786).
“Those women whose income does not exceed Rs 36,000 per annum can benefit from this scheme,” he said.
The recruitment will be in four sectors, namely, 1st Battalion at Mawiong, 2nd MLP Battalion for West Garo Hills, 3rd Battalion Sahbseiñ for Jaintia Hills and 4th Battalion Sohpian for West Garo Hills. West Khasi Hills and 5th Battalion in Williamnagar for East and South Garo Hills.
At 2 pm, three houses in Pynthorbah Block I have collapsed and these houses have been occupied by foreigners (Bihar) who farm cows.
This cooperation between these two religious organizations is to show an example of the unity of the nation, despite the differences in religion, customs and traditions, but for the new longbriew man. man as a nation is only from Sohpetbneng.
He alleged that the decision was violated by the President Banalari Khongwar and she did not invite any application.
The price of LPG has been increased to T.25 per liter on 1st March The price of LPG has been increased to T.25 per liter since 1st July. T.205 the tyre.
According to the Jowai Traffic Police, only vehicles are allowed to leave this road from Wah Nangbah to Thomas Jones to join Dulong College Road or the road to Dr Norman Tunnel Hospital.
“We understand that this issue has a lot of urgency, but all this should not become a struggle for the resolution of the border issue in the state,” he added.
The full list of participants in the tournament will be: Flyweight (56.7kg) Rei Tsuruya (Japan) vs Ronal Siahaan (Indonesia), Mark Climaco (Philippines) vs Jung Hyun Lee (South Korea) Ji Niushiyue (China) vs Billy Pasulatan (Indonesia)Sumit Kumar (India) vs Seung Guk Choi (South Korea)Bantamweight (>61.2kg)Xiao Long (China) vs Shohei Nose (Japan)Shuya Kamikubo (Japan) vs Jieleisi Baergeng (China)Eperaim Ginting ( Indonesia) vs Daermisi Zhawupasi (China)Chang Ho Lee (South Korea) vs Rana Rudra Pratap Singh (India)Featherweight (>65.8kg)Yi Zha (China) vs Abdul Azeem Badakhshi (Afghanistan)Keisuke Sasu (Japan) vs Sang Won Kim (Korea)Yibugele (China) vs Koya Kanda (Japan)Li Kaiwen (China) vs Reza Arianto (Indonesia)Lightweight (>70.3kg)Seong Chan Hong (South Korea) vs Rong Zhu (China)Kazuma Maruyama (Japan) vs Sang Uk Kim (South Korea)Windri Patilima (Indonesia) vs Shin Haraguchi (Japan)Won Bin Ki (South Korea) vs Batebolati Bahatebole (China)Non-tournament bouts:Flyweight: Top Noi Kiwram (Thailand) vs Nyamjargal Tumendember)Fly (Mongo)Fly : Sim Kai Xiong (Singapore) vs Peter Danasoe (Thailand)Welterweight: Nueraji Taiyilake (China) vs Han Seul Kim (Korea)Welterweight: Chris Hofmann (Philippines) vs Sang Hoon Yoo (Korea).
On the other hand, the Adviser to the Prime Minister, North Tura MLA Thomas A Sangma, expressed his gratitude to the Prime Minister and the Principal Secretary for taking the initiative to build this office. will provide honest services to the public.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14 : R.Shkenshynriah SC vs Khliehriat West YWSC and Moolamanoh SC vs R.Wahshnong SC on 18.11.2023 They lost 2-0 to Gujarat in the Senior Women's National Football Championship held in Sundargarh, Odisha.
The Lok Sabha polls have ended on the 11th of this month and according to the president of the BJP Meghalaya, the contest will be between the Congress, MDA and the BJP. “We will contest against the Congress and MDA,” said Shibun.
The two-day tournament will end on the 12th of October at Madanrting Indoor Sports Hall.
"There have been rumors spreading about the political situation in the state that the MLAs of the Trinamool Congress (TMC) may join the BJP. Dr. Sangma and 11 other MLAs left the Congress in November 2021 to join the BJP leadership. to the TMC under the leadership of Mamata Banerjee.
He said that 17 persons were released after they were not found involved in any cases, but these three persons were arrested and he did not say exactly on which cases they were arrested. arrest these 3 leaders.
A fellow human being often looks down on another human being, who doesn't have a job, who works for a living, who works now and then, such people are often insulted and insulted by their peers. to others, to friends, or even to your own household.
The vehicles in this area were badly damaged and at the same time there was a huge hole and it is said that the depth of this hole is about 7 or 8 feet wide but it has been buried. I'm not sure what to do.
The MLA was speaking at the opening ceremony of the ICT Labs at Belkuri Upper Primary School, which has received funding from the state government. .
On the other hand, the union demanded that the road should be completed before the rainy season so that the people will not face any problems again. to be completed by October this year.
Finally, the Seng has already warned these shops to be clean and tidy from now on so that there will be no danger to the people who eat and drink. The Seng has ordered that if such shops are found in the future without forgiveness, it will take strong action.
She appealed to all the people to cooperate with the Bank and understand the problems they face.
He said that the children are the future of the community and the area, and praised the number of students in this school and the schools in the urban areas, where the children are brave. to play chess and participate in various programs at an early age.
Regarding the laying of the foundation stone, the residents and village leaders expressed their happiness and hoped that soon the road will be constructed and will make it easier for the people to travel. wan that crowd.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: The three-day International Mei Ramew Festival (ISL) has ended on Saturday at Lyngdoh Mawphlang.
Shillong, July 11: The FKJGP (Mawroh Unit) has urged the PWD department to order the contractor to repair the road in Mawroh village especially the road leading to NEHU. The stones and shyiap which have already been cleaned in the heavy parts of the road have come out and this has also endangered the residents and vehicles passing through especially the vehicles. -shaka where many of them were injured in the collapse of these stones and the collapse of the shyiap siang.
An SMS will be sent, if you have received a pass, for these purposes.
The 182nd anniversary of Thomas Jones commemorates his first visit to Ri Khasi (Sohra) on July 22, 1841 during the heavy rainy season. u by the government.
In a letter to the Union Minister of Education, Charmendra Pradhan on the 7th of this month, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has already requested the Minister to release the state. “The state has just concluded the MLA elections, the results of which were announced last month.
The top four teams from these groups will qualify for the semi-finals.
Ariel's film clearly states that "are you married or are you married?" In a recent article, it was found that about 74% of women have stopped doing household chores. not the wife.
The meeting was convened to discuss the proposal to amend the Sixth Schedule after signing an agreement with the ANVC and ANVC (B) with the aim of increasing the number of MDCs of the Autonomous District Councils from 30 to people to 40 people.
During the inspection of the 12 villages in the Sohra area, it was found that there are 7 of them including Mawmang, Sder, Maïong, Mawsohmat, Khohber, Warbah and Tluh is one of the villages which does not have these basic needs for the residents of this area.
“The government has done well in preparing this report in the last six months, although the government will not be able to complete it, but the government is fighting hard to improve what we have done. well"he added.
U/P & RMSA School at 3:30 pm.
He said he doesn't know why the Governor has delayed in passing these Bills and added that perhaps the Governor's lack of urgency may be because he still needs to understand better about these Bills. Two Bills have been passed since he was appointed as the Head of State.
He said that the preparation for the synod is not easy because there are many requirements to prepare especially for the church department which hosts the service.
He said that the JFEPA does not allow only one khwai or many khwai in one Ryngwiang.
Nongpoh: A truck number AS-11-DC-3353, carrying various goods, has suddenly caught fire at a place on the NH-6 this morning. Freedom, Ri Bhoi.
If children show a lack of these minerals, they may not have strong bones and may be at risk of osteoporosis.
“The Detailed Project Report for the announcement and construction of this road has been sent to the higher authorities but it has been returned with the order to assess the price of the materials according to the passage of time and the department is still waiting. The PWD Department has signed a letter signed by Bah Y. Laloo, Executive Engineer, PWD (Roads), Nongpoh Division.
The Dolloi in Lum Jaintia Hills, after the Supreme Court order that they can continue to operate according to the rules laid down by the District Council, have taken advantage of this opportunity. The JHADC has been accused of collecting revenue in the name of the Supreme Court by misusing the order of the Supreme Court. Mookyndur, Saphai, Dawki up to three.
He recalled the statement of the Prime Minister that the BJP government will protect the minorities in the country especially the Christians.
Shillong: Leaders of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Iooksi Unit together with members of the IYWSC, on Tuesday met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek has demanded the upgradation of Iooksi Primary Health Center (PHC) to Community Health Center (CHC).
When asked, Mondal said the Sam Bording Department has taken care to ensure that there will be no interruption in the mobile network in the state.
In a special visit to U Nongsaiñ Hima, it was found that the soh vendors including men and women have started offering soh while the vehicles coming from Shillong were standing in line while the police were releasing the vehicles. one of Ri Bhoi.
The AAP on Saturday announced the name of retired Forest Officer Amerington Kharshiing as the party's candidate for the 2014 MP election. He is a retired Indian Forest Service (IFS) officer.
However, out of these 13, 6 have been left behind,” said Somith Sangma, one of the village leaders.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 73 new cases have been confirmed, including 50 from East Khasi Hills, 20 from West Garo Hills, 2 from Ri Bhoi and 1 from East Jaintia Hills.
“I was elected by the people, therefore the state government has no right to violate the rights of the people.
The UDP candidate, Bah Pius Marwein, has not yet filed his nomination papers today.
Speaking to media, he said that the land owners' opposition to the scheme is because according to the soskular, they have agreed to donate the land to the government for the use of The purpose of this scheme is to appoint four of these households in its departments but as the government has not yet been able to implement this appointment of these four households, the owners have been appointed. place to protest the opening he had to return without ever getting to cut the ribbon as planned.
Meghalaya will play against Mizoram in Nadiad, Gujarat on 21st July.
In the following year, instead of the pig, a special sacrifice will be offered by the Masi, and this sacrifice of the cow was held once every five years in ancient times.
These are not accidents but God's appointed time and there is no escape from it.
On another occasion, Governor Phagu Chauhan said the HNLC has expressed its readiness to talk to the government without following the rules, but it will be within the Constitution. of India.
He said that now, if the BJP brings peace measures and to resolve the incident in Manipur, Rahul Gandhi will come and set fire but these are the ways of working of the Congress in the past.
Inside the house, they gathered them together.
Tea leaves harvested in the spring (that is, in August) are usually the best.
The worst roads are from Latarke (Cotton Factory), Saipung, Saizol, Thuruk, Saibual, to Mualsei.
He said that he has a goal to create opportunities for the youth who have education in various fields and they should turn to private jobs because the central government has given them the opportunity. individuals to establish businesses such as various activities.
The allocation for environmental activities is T.4,501 crore.
Sailung Ialong beat Chutwakhu 1-0 in the 1st Division Football Tournament sponsored by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Tuesday.
“The items recovered from these persons include narcotics weighing 140.37 grams and heroin after testing.
“We have received information that illegal shyiap mining is going on at Wah Umran in Iewsier (Umtasor area) and the shyiap is being mined with knives,” said the petition.
Dr Prakash Kishore, Dr Prakash Kishore and other artists from the state were Bah Raphael Warjri, Benedict S Hynniewta, Samla Naphisabiang Khongwir, Dipankar Sinha and Divesh Baruah. There is no such thing as a 'lympung' in this worldwide tournament.
Because the BJP has realized that it has been defeated, having dropped to 40 constituencies, it has begun to lose heart.
The only thing that the residents of Shillong are worried about is that whenever there are lympung where there are singers from abroad, everyone flocks to see them and that is why Shillong is known as the city of Shillong. Meghalaya is a state that loves music.
On Tuesday, the Hindu Shiv Temple at Mahadev Khola was attacked by a group of robbers, who also shot dead the worshipers while they were coming to worship. in this place.
“ And this is the message which we have heard from him, and declare unto you.
Various political parties will hold this public meeting to explain to all the residents of Bri u Hynniewtrep to demand from the government to implement this law to curb the illegal entry of mynder. countries and foreigners to Meghalaya without any restrictions or laws like other states like Nagaland and Mizoram.
However, as it has collapsed and does not even have a door, it has to be placed in the dorbar hall of the nearby village.
He also laid the foundation stone for the improvement of the Secunderabad Railway Station and other projects related to the Railways.
Perhaps the establishment of the Seng Khasi Free Morning School at Mawkhar on the 20th June, 1921 will be one of the parts and activities that the Seng has taken that will remain in the minds of many.
According to sources, the incident happened at 10 am this morning, when the boy, Asabul Ali, was playing with his brothers and friends near the Umtrew River. , suddenly due to the flood, the hepritu fell into the river, and although there were fishermen in the river they could not help because of the high water.
Hek said small trains can be operated in Meghalaya as the terrain in Meghalaya is no different from the terrain in Darjeeling.
The company in a statement today, has suspended these employees after seeing videos spread on social media of them speaking insulting words to the public.
In the year 2011, July T.27.05 lakh, June T.29.97 lakh, April T.32.74 lakh, June T.43.61 lakh, July T.35.17 lakh, July T.32.62 lakh, July T.27.42 lakh, July T.04 lakh. , Nailur T.21.31 lakh, Risaw T.22.49 lakh, Naiwieng T.15.62 lakh, Nohprah T.17.14 lakh.
He was also prepared to stay overnight at Lanosha's house.
We as a team lifted a total of three trophies and he scored a total of 50 goals.
“I don't know where they are because they are gone,” said Bah Pangniang.
The fight schedule for Episodes 1 & 2 of Road to UFC is as follows:Episode 1: 27 June Featherweight: Keisuke Sasu (Japan) [146] vs Sang Won Kim (Korea) ) [125.5] vs Jung Hyun Lee (South Korea) [126]Featherweight: Yi Zha (China) vs Wuziazibieke Jiahefu (China) [147.5*]Flyweight: Rei Tsuruya (Japan) [126] vs Ronal Siahaan (126nia) ]Episode 2: 27 JymmangFeatherweight: Li Kaiwen (China) [145.5] vs Lu Kai (China) [146]Flyweight: Sumit Kumar (India) [125] vs Seung Guk Choi (South Korea) [126]Featherweight: Yibugele (China ) [145.5] vs Kouya Kanda (Japan) [145]Flyweight: Ji Niushiyue (China) [126] vs Billy Pasulatan (Indonesia) [125.5]Episode 3: 28 JymmangLightweight: Seong Chan Hong (South Korea Zhu) vs Rong ) Bantamweight: Shuya Kamikubo (Japan) vs Jielesisi Baergeng (China)Lightweight: Kazuma Maruyama (Japan) vs Sang Wook Kim (South Korea)Bantamweight: Xiao Long (China) vs Shohei Nose (Japan)Episode 4: 28 Jymmang: WonmangLightweight Ki (South Korea) vs Batebolati Bahatebole (China)Bantamweight: Chang Ho Lee (South Korea) vs Rana Rudra Pratap Singh (India)Lightweight: Windri Patilima (Indonesia) vs Shin Haraguchi (Japan)Bantamweight: Eperaim Ginting (Indonesia) vs Daermisi Earth (China).
A foreigner was blasted with a petrol bomb at his shop in Bishnupur on Saturday, a few months after another foreigner was blasted with a petrol bomb. He died at his shop in Motphran, which prompted the Prime Minister to order the law enforcement agencies to take action.
For the AAY rice, 35 kilos will be distributed to each household and for the PHH rice – 5 kilos per head will be distributed free of charge, while for the Non rice, -NFSA shall be distributed at a price not exceeding Rs.14.00 per kilo.
“The recruitment is done by computer where there can be no cheating,” Mahajan said.
One of the examples is that even teachers have been banned from contesting elections, but they have won in court, but how can the KHADC ban Rangbah Shnongs or Village Leaders who have not been paid? salary and if so even MDCs should not contest MLA because they are responsible for the preservation of customs and traditions and land.
On the other hand, Bah Pyniaid said that the District Council has requested for a plot of land opposite the new Legislative Assembly but the Government has proposed to allocate a plot of land in Mawpdang. The Council has informed the Government that the land at Mawpdang is far away and this makes it difficult especially for the employees to leave their jobs.
In addition, the construction of charging stations can also open up many types of jobs that require little training.
Momin said the Chairman of the Garo District Council has agreed to hold a power struggle on the 27th of this month between the opposition and the ruling party led by Dipul R Marak.
Rupang today met with the leading members of the group to discuss their views on the formation of the group.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Wing (HSPDP) today held a CEC meeting and decided to take steps to strengthen the party in Khasi Jaintia.
The competition started on Thursday and there were 30 participants from East Jaintia Hills District and West Jaintia Hills District including school children from different schools.
He alleged that these Muslims keep weapons in their mosques and do not contribute to the development of the country.
When we leave home, many differences arise between the father and the mother or the husband and the husband. .
The initiative, which aims to make Meghalaya a water-free state, was launched by the Minister of PHE, Marcuise N Marak as the Chief Guest at a meeting held on Monday.
Besides, the union said that there are already two hospitals and schools in the area and these are NEIGRHIMS and NEIAH. She said that the best place to set up a Medical College is in the Laitkor area which is close to everyone from Jowai, Mawkynrew, Khliehriat, Smit, Sohryngkham, Ri- Bhoi and others.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, said that the Farmers' Parliament is to recognize the work of the farmers and to support them and to disseminate the news that the government is with the farmers. so that they can improve their livelihood by farming.
President of East Jaintia Hills District Congress Committee and MLA of Sutnga-Saipung Constituency Ma Shitlang Pale also delivered a short speech.
A family in Kathua of Jammu & Kashmir has alleged that Punjab police have forcibly entered their house.
They said that if the incident happens in one place, they should not ban the traffic, but the government of Meghalaya and Assam should take action so that it will not affect the traffic of the people.
“There is something behind the introduction of these two posts just because the Contractual Basis employees who are only two years old are Stampman of someone,” said Bah Rani.
Non-Feature Films The jury for the Non-Feature Film, consisting of seven members, is headed by the filmmaker, producer, writer and National Film Award winner, Chairman, His name is Doren.
In fact, God from the Old Testament had a purpose to send His Son, and this was announced by prophets such as Isaiah and others.
He admitted that without any protection, dozens of buses from Assam carrying tourists to Sohra and Dawki have been witnessed on weekends. Upper Shillong has also caused heavy traffic jam.
Mawkyrwat, Naiwieng 06: U Martin M.Danggo, former Chief Minister of Ranikor Constituency and Minister of Meghalaya for the past years, has inaugurated the The VII Invitation Football Tournament 2022 was organized by the TBKY&SWO at Ersaikohpoi Stadium, Ngunraw, South West Khasi Hills District.
Rongram MDC Rinaldo K Sangma said, “This conversion of this foreigner has angered the Garo people after seeing it in the media spread across the state.
Shillong: At the 10th Annual General Meeting of the Khasi Authors' Society held on 19th June 2018 at Shillong College, Shillong, the President of the Khasi Authors' Society, Dr. DRL Nonglait and Vice President, Dr. KD Ramsiej Rev. GR Sancley who turned 90 years old and joined KAS along with 13 other new members, including Rev. Dr. OL Snaitang, Prof. Antoinette Kharmalki, Sweety Diengdoh, John Robert Khongjee, Wansalan E. Dhar, Pynjopthiaw Nongrum, Kolan Jones Priest, and Mr. Bikram L. Nonglight.
The most obvious is the lack of roads to help in traveling from place to place and to the market.
Khliehriat, Naitung 25: Members of the Jaintia National Council today seized five garbage trucks of Dalmia Dewbilat Company, Thangskai East Jaintia Hills District, which violated the rules and regulations. The vehicles were seized at Mookhep while they were coming from Shillong with the garbage they had carried from the Marten garbage dump, Shillong.
He also urged the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) to take responsibility for the removal of the garbage dump from the area. It has affected the vendors who live in the state for a while.
Shillong, Naitung 29: The Deputy Chief Executive Member (KHADC) Bah Teinwell Dkhar has denied that he has any knowledge of the collection or expenditure of funds for the Monolit Festival at Mawphlang.
Poverty, stupidity, selfishness, lack of leadership, jealousy, lack of unity, intolerance, lack of self-control and lack of vision especially on the part of the rich when there is too much for themselves .
The Minister in charge of Agriculture, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that the department has sent an inquiry into the allegation that there is urea in the ration. distributed to the public in the past few days.
Shillong, July 5 : Meghalaya Police have been on high alert after receiving a letter through the mail on Thursday threatening that a terrorist group has already planted bombs in all the courts. including the High Court of Meghalaya.
He said that the Special Immunization Campaign is a way to protect children from 0-5 (San) years of age from various diseases that affect their health. free of charge in government hospitals such as District Hospitals, CHCs, PHCs and Sub-Centres.
“We support the call of the Samyukta Kisan Morcha (SKM) on 26th June to commemorate the struggle of the farmers,” said the statement.
Ma Piwell Shylla, MDC 2019 from 22-Musniang-Rangad, was welcomed to the party.
Shillong, June 06: Leaders of the SRSBA, Raid Nongtung Hima Khyrim on Tuesday submitted a statement to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong. The Government of Meghalaya should immediately take action to restore the 18 villages in Block-II within the border of Meghalaya in the second phase of the demarcation process. Block-II consists of 18 villages with about 5,000 Khasi inhabitants.
However, Ms Ampareen stressed on the difficulty of connecting the railway line, due to the lack of plain land and most of the hilly areas.
Man City beat West Ham United 3-1 in the final of the season at the Etihad Stadium.
Increase the amount of vitamin K in the body.
From the voice of the Mylliem Hima, it is understood that there may be a summons of Rangbah Shnongs due to the lack of attention to inform the public in their villages about the Dorbar and also the lack of attention to attend. Therefore, the Rangbah Shnong shall not attend the meeting.
Croatia's desire to score the first goal of the match came true after Andrej Kramaric scored from the penalty spot in the 83rd minute. which tied the game by 1 goal.
Nongpoh: Nongpoh MLA Mayralborn Syiem, together with the engineers of the PWD Building, today inspected three government projects, including the Polytechnic at Nongkhrah. Nongtluh Higher Secondary School in Diwon and the office of the Sub Divisional School Education Officer in Nongpoh, which were supposed to be built in Nongpoh and which are still pending without being completed.
At the same time, the Minister said that the implementation of the Rural Housing Scheme has been suspended since 2010-2
as far as can be accepted by all.
“I have been informed by the police that there will be such a raid, and I have told the police that what they will do should be according to the law and according to the number of police officers. sufficient evidence"he added.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The meeting of the Rangbah Shnong of Shella Village held on 24th November 2017, has strongly condemned the former Acting Wahadadar of the Shella Confederation, Wallamphrang Lyngdoh Mawphlang for the violence against the villagers. The suspension of the Dorbar Shnong Shella, its office bearers and the Secretary of the Dorbar on 28th November 2012, in which He appointed and replaced the Acting Dorbar and the Acting Secretary of Shella Village Shri B.Ora and the office bearers and alleged that this is a violation and destruction of the customs and traditions of Shella Village. utei u Acting Wahadadar former.
In previous years, the Duhulia stayed at Ing Sad for three months before the ceremony.
All these irregularities have affected the Garo traders and the WTO demands to ensure the issuance of wholesale licenses to other ethnic groups.
“There are still many good and understanding people.
Ed final year batch 2013 on 9th November, 2016 which has many shortcomings and problems, even after a delay of 9 months because the date of issuance of the result is from 16th November,
Shillong, July 9: The rainy season is the time when the residents of Mawkliaw and surrounding villages like Nongjri and others face difficulties due to the power outages in the area.
The group that organized the protest is a group of ethnic minorities from Tripura who demanded that the Indian government should give them a full state.
Lindas added that in fact, the jobs that the government has assigned to the full time deficit teachers are also sent to them and the jobs they do are also the same as those of the full time deficit teachers. He said that it is fair that the same race should not receive the same payment.
Umber.
So far, 7,936 people are still undergoing treatment in Assam, while 17,095 people have been discharged from hospitals and 1072 people have been discharged from hospitals today.
As empowered by the RTI Act, 2005, some residents of Wahlang, Mawkneng and Sohiong villages have applied for NREGS and other schemes provided by the Government of India to the people of Wahlang, Mawkneng and Sohiong. Sohiong Block where these NREGS schemes and other schemes have been implemented in Sohiong Block.
When asked why despite many allegations especially the nine issues that the UDP has written to the CEM, Shylla continues to cooperate with the PDF, Shylla said that the President of the party Dr. Donkupar Roy does not want to stir up any trouble within the District Council and that is why they continue to work together.
Natural love is not only for the man or the woman, but for both because it is the source of good and evil.
He said that the government has been silent for 10 years and is now ready to appoint an Advisory Committee which seems to be just a public misleading as the elections are approaching.
Goalkeepers for Brazil in this World Cup: Julio Cesar (Toronto FC/CAN), Jefferson (Botafogo), Victor (Atletico Mineiro) Defenders: Dante (Bayern Munich/GER), David Luiz (Chelsea/ENG), Henrique (Napoli/ITA), Thiago Silva (captain)(Paris St Germain/FRA), Daniel Alves (Barcelona/ESP), Maicon (Roma/ITA), Marcelo (Real Madrid/ESP), Maxwell (Paris St Germain/FRA ) Midfielders: Fernandinho (Manchester City/ENG), Hernanes (Inter Milan/ITA), Luiz Gustavo (Wolfsburg/GER), Oscar (Chelsea/ENG), Paulinho (Tottenham/ENG), Ramires (Chelsea/ENG), Willian ( Chelsea/ENG) Strikers: Bernard (Shakhtar Donetsk/UKR), Fred (Fluminense), Hulk (Zenit Saint-Petersburg/RUS), Jo (Atletico Mineiro), Neymar (Barcelona/ESP).
Nongpoh: As part of the preparation and strengthening of the party for the 2023 elections, Bah Isynei Hinge, Adhoc Secretary of the Congress in Umroi, Samla Apbor Nongrum and others, who are the biggest supporters of the party. The Congress in Umroi Constituency, today held a welcome meeting for hundreds of parents and youth who wish to join the Congress in Umroi Constituency.
Answering a question, Lamphrang said that the gate is still being counted by the guards as they have not yet submitted it to the Council.
Nongpoh, March 12: The demand of 13 political parties to the state government to immediately start the entry and exit of foreigners has started today. The Meghalaya Institute of Governance (MIG), together with the leaders of the three political parties, have visited three places in Ri Bhoi, from the part to establish the entry and exit points of foreigners.
If it is not until the blood comes out, then others will trust him.
He added that the PWD (Roads) department has already spent up to T.4 crore to rehabilitate the road from Mawngap to Mawphlang leading to the village.
On the other hand, the union will continue to monitor this issue and if the relevant departments do not do anything, the union will continue to monitor this issue for the benefit of the residents of the area. take decisions differently.
The total cost is T55,5
Shillong, November 1: The UDP candidate from Nongkrem constituency, Bah HS Shylla, has demanded that Bah Kennedy Khyriem MLA Mawphlang should explain to the public about his remarks against him (Shylla) at a meeting held today. long in Smit on the 28th of November.
However, he said that the second issue, the calendar, has been decided by the BAC and was placed before the House on the opening day of the Dorbar on 16th June. and it was approved by the House.
Shillong, June 10: The BJP Youth Wing Amlarem Mandal on Saturday conducted a training program on Bhim App on how to deposit money using Android phones or smart phones without using money. .
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Chief Secretary Nongsiang said the government has agreed to increase the salaries of teachers in adhoc and deficit schools by 100 percent. Upper Primary Schools, as well as Secondary and Higher Secondary Schools.
He said that if Bah Syiem can sharpen his goats well, other goat herders will say, 'Take us, you of us,' he said.
Up to 270 marksmen from the North Eastern States including Services (Army Marksmen unit and Assam Rifles Marksmen unit) took part in the competition.
Kong Maya (Kmie Rida) said to her husband, “You came to my house, you woman, I will not forgive you,” said her husband, “Shisha Kmie Rida, it's not just me. ; but Rida herself loves me," said Lok. "I don't believe your words... Rida respects you as a father, not because she loves you.
Ardent said there has been no discussion on who will elect a new leader in his place and he does not know where the proposal has been made to take over the post.
The earthquake occurred on Tuesday in the Janga area near Recife, the capital of Pernambuco.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15 : The Dorbar Shnong Mission Compound will hold a cleanliness drive on the 9th November 2023 (Saturday) from 7 pm.
As soon as he said this, his brother-in-law caught fire and threw him with a knife and blood with rude words, and threw his kthaw from the shadem, said the complaint of Bah Perbak. police.
Although no arrests have been made, the village authorities have warned that they will not allow such thieves to rob from within the village boundary and rob. The Village Authority shall provide full cooperation with the Police Force.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, Isawanda Laloo on Tuesday closed down the market after the farmers failed to comply with the COVID-19 testing rules.
The report points out the illegal mining and transportation of coal and the measures taken by Judge Katakey following the news on 10th July 2023 that three coal miners have died inside the park in Rymbai. of East Jaintia Hills District, according to the court.
In the case of the village fund, we have appointed a secretary to collect the money once a month as long as they can afford to pay the money.
We expect that within the next fiscal year, all these three roads will be completed so that the construction of the Secretariat can go smoothly,” he said.
This was announced by Bah PD Nongrum, General Secretary of the Seng Khasi Kmie.
“There has been a violation of our right to minority status,” he said.
Shillong: A 65-year-old woman has been discharged from Nazareth Hospital today after winning the battle against COVID-1
Furthermore, there are also some exploiters who have refused and evaded the test by trying to create ways and means to get fake certificates to testify falsely.
They should not criticize against the ILP, but the government should strive to improve the roads to attract tourism in the state, he added.
Shillong: U Bah BM Lanong, Co Chairman of the State Law Commission, today wrote to the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik, to express his deep sorrow over the killing of two Garo youths in a police station. hotel in Haryana and which has frightened many and which has also threatened, as if it is a threat and this too in the minds of the youth of this area.
“We’ve already talked to everyone necessary.
The union also promised to continue to monitor until they receive the Emergency Relief Fund from the C&RD Mawshynrut Block.
“In reply, the leader said that as it is, there is no ticket application but only through consultation meetings and discussions with those involved in the decision-making process on the candidate.
One of the reasons for the decline in education according to the report is that the State Government has not been able to meet the needs of teachers in their institutions, including the payment of salaries,” she said. TUR. Expressing its rejection of the Government's claim that it does not have the funds, TUR said, “The State Government from time to time says that it does not have the funds to increase the salaries and provide others. needs of teachers.
But the surprising thing is that the earth did not give its own name to the plant that came from that seed.
Therefore, the public hearing has been completed today.
Father Matta was a man who was quick to speak and suffer for the sake of the Gospel and to do good to others as much as possible.
Nongstoin West Khasi Hills District has grown by 40 percent in all aspects since we got the Hill State of Meghalaya.
It was also reported that the violence was carried out by various groups to get their demands.
Another thing we have to understand here is why these land owners here do not go through the Right to Transparency Land Acquisition Act, 2013 or the Old Act.
It is also worth mentioning that the Karbi community in Meghalaya, holds such a meeting every year and that is to bring unity, love and recognition among the Karbi community. residents of Meghalaya and also to present the activities of the organization throughout the year.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 26: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Eastern Border Area (KSU) has strongly condemned the Assam government's destruction of the construction of the Sericulture Department at Umwang Square in Ribhoi District.
In the second half, the match became more intense on both sides, Karnataka played to block in the back half and did not allow Meghalaya to turn to their goal.
He said that there are still many villages in the constituency which don't even have roads, schools are still very poor and poverty is greater than the residents, but they have to suffer because of the no one pays attention to them.
The king is the symbol of the ruler.
Then there is the importance of drinking water and millions of people suffer and die because they do not have access to adequate drinking water.
The main issues discussed at the meeting were; (i) How does Aadhaar affect the nation? (ii) How does it affect the personal lives of citizens? And (iii) It was also found that many of the residents in the State are not clear on issues related to Aadhar.
Pyrethrum is a beautiful plant, it can be grown as a flower.
He said that the State Government is prepared in case of spread of the disease in the State.
“The Governor has promised to take action to talk to the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government on this demand,” said Bah Roykupar.
“The state was the lowest in terms of injections in 2018 but within four years it has moved from 27th to second.
Currently 35000 PACS are involved in fertilizer distribution in the country.
Meanwhile, KN Kumar, CEO of the National Fisheries Development Board, said, “We look forward to the support of the people and the government to make this village more prominent.
in addition to others.
Shylla said that the Association is not rich but it has the spirit to promote the development of the youth in education. select only one or more students who have reached the top of the Examinations.
This decision was taken by the Cabinet at a meeting chaired by the Chief Minister of Manipur, N. Biren Singh.
The semi final of the Upper Division Football Tournament will be played on the 5th between Sohlawiat SC and Lumpynngad SC at 12 noon. Former Mizoram football star Jeje Lalpekhlua has been elected as the new MLA in the Legislative Assembly.
Since such a financial transaction is usually overseen and regulated by a popularly elected authority.
Later, at Madia-Kmai-Blai, a dorbar was held under the chairmanship of Kongwasan (Dolloi Nartiang) to discuss the issues of the country.
Sikkim Chief Minister Pawan Kumar Chamling today launched the One Family, One Job scheme for one household in Sikkim. will get one government job.
The reason was because he was ashamed of those people, that as soon as they saw him they would call him 'U Nongpop' and insult him.
Shillong Lok Sabha MP Vincent H Pala has been defeated by NPP candidate Santa Mary Shylla from Sutnga Saipung constituency.
Speaking to media, Lakmen said that the order to reopen schools from 21st November 2020 is only for the students of Class IX to Class XII. students will be able to ask teachers for help regarding their studies.
“Fr Sngi Lyngdoh has a great love for his own people and his own culture, for the customs and traditions of the land of the nineteenth century,” said Fr Mawrie.
This is a promise to the country and especially to the refugees who have suffered this incident that they will get their rights,” said Rev.Kharkongor.
On the same day, the youths of the village, have filled up the name of Nar-ang sub centre, in which they intend to change the name of the sub center to Niangbari Them sub centre, because the place has been built. The sub center is located within the boundary of Niangbari Them.
Tel Aviv: Israeli troops say they have surrounded Gaza, the capital of the Gaza Strip, in their fight against Hamas militants.
The overthrow of Syiem Tirot Singh Syiemlieh (1833) and Woh Kiang Nangbah (1862) ended the wars in Khasi-Jaintia and the forced inclusion of the Khasi Hills under the Sixth Schedule by Nichols Roy. 1950) is also good, because it resolves the wars and conflicts that arise in this Ri Hynniewtrep.
The Speaker urged the people of the state to be vigilant and trust the leadership of the state government in order to curb the spread of the disease in the state.
The incident happened on the NH-6 at 12 noon, at a parking lot near Pahamrioh, when a truck (AS-01-MC) collided with another vehicle. -8136, which was speeding, but when it reached the scene, the truck collided with a Maruti Eco (ML-10-B-8800) and an Auto. The rickshaw (ML-10-C-9558) and the truck also destroyed two shops in the area.
Therefore, the Syndicate will start sending more buses from the 19th of this month.
None of the NPP MLAs from Khasi-Jaintia has dared to speak publicly like that.
Shillong, March 23: Police have recovered the body of an unidentified person from Polo Market on March 15 at 6 pm.
He said that KHNAM has not been able to showcase its work because it does not have a single MLA and said that it is now well prepared for the 2018 elections to elect MLAs and it is when it gets MLAs. that its MLAs should show their work to the people.
The gift of jait in the mother is the most important empowerment of a woman and if it is changed by counting jait in a man, the special empowerment by law for women is useless.
“We feel sorry for the students who have to go to school even in the middle of the rain because as soon as it rains, the school has been filled with water due to the lack of good tin sop,” said the teacher.
This was revealed after the FKJGP collected water samples from these 46 places for further analysis.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today launched the Meghalaya CM Whatsapp to open a platform for the people to convey their grievances directly to the Chief Minister.
Through the Supreme Court order, the government has lost a lot of revenue, as there are 3,000 liquor shops, which have had to close down.
The Sangot was sent to announce to the village that the Rangbah Shnong should come to the house of the Rangbah Shnong that very evening.
I agree 100% with 100%, but at the same time I must understand that I don't have the right to go outside to sell or drive a car because I don't know. it is I who carry this disease and to be the cause of spreading it to others.
These office bearers were confirmed by the General Secretary of the Central Body, Bah SO Lamare.
Hr.Sec.School of South Garo Hills 0-0.
Tomorrow will be the last day of the group stage of the tournament and the day to decide which teams will qualify for the tournament. first places from all lists.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Dkhar reminded that the violence against women is not new, but it is an incident that has been heard from time to time and has humiliated women everywhere.
Regarding the meeting with TW Chyne, CEM of KHADC, Bah PB Sylliang, General Secretary, Bah BB Makdoh Chairman and others, they said that the Union has expressed its regret after the decision. The District Council has said that the District Council should understand according to the passage of time because the Rangbah Shnongs have a role to play in the political affairs. bring about the development of the village.
God burned Sodom and Gomorrah because of sin.
Happy to read such good news.
Furthermore, the Principals of the colleges, as it appeared in the media, have not received any detailed explanation from the state government or NEHU on the conduct of CUET, said Dr Shangpliang. He added that this shows a lack of responsibility on the part of the authorities until the students have been made 'langkñia kha-ma-kha.
According to the report of the Executive Committee submitted by the Chief Executive Member (CEM), Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem on the opening day of the Dorbar Tlang of the Council, the Commission has been reconstituted under the KHAD. Khasi Traditional Medicine) Act, 2011.
The Challenger players didn't have a single chance to score against Sacred Heart, which showed their ability to stop the team from the start of the match until the end of the minute.
Jowai, Jymmang 01: The Annual General Meeting of the Union of Waheh Chnongs of Jowai held on 29th July, 2024 at Iungwalieh, Jowai, has unanimously elected new office bearers for the year. 2024 – 2025.
The Kmai Raij immediately came out and dropped a bomb at Biar ka Blai.
Most of those involved in this crime have been identified and arrested.
Now the time will come, when he shall not only be cast out, but shall be cast down to this earth, and shall not dwell there in the second heaven, but shall come down to earth, because it is his turn. .
According to her, there are also schemes of the Government of India and two hospitals in the state, the Civil Hospital Shillong and the Ganesh Das Hospital, are currently providing this training to doctors and health workers. for those who have been in the field for several years and also for those who can attend such programmes.
Shillong: A curfew will be extended in Shillong from 5 pm to 6 pm tomorrow, according to a statement received this evening.
Raid Mawbuh Circle President Bah B.Lapang together with members of Mawbuh Circle and elders of the area visited two workplaces including Umroi. Presbyterian Church and another new workplace in Umroi Umsawria.
This will also affect the upcoming MP elections.
This was just her introduction to my parents.
Shillong, June 2 : The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) has said that although he is not from the same family as the party, he has turned away from the party.
For the first time, the voting will be conducted using a VVPAT machine where the voters will see a slip on the candidate of their choice which will be displayed 7 seconds after the fire.
“For persons with disabilities there will be only two categories under 15 years (Junior) and above 15 years (Seniors) and no registration fee is required.
Dulon Banjop Kharsati will be the coach of the team, Abhyan Changgu G Momin will be the manager and Yarisha Wahlang will be the manager.
“We have decided that the Principal Secretary should issue a public notice on the new price of buses,” she said.
The clinic was inaugurated by M Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, in the presence of Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh, Dr C Lyngdoh MLA Umsning, Balajied Ranee. Nongpoh MDC Gunanka DB Joint Secretary to the State Government and Member Secretary to the BRDC, Dr Junie P Lyngdoh Sr.
Furthermore, the Shongknor asked, “Where did you translate the words kawaw-kaw and kynwit into English when you said that in English these words mean rudeness and slander that is not price either either spirit em.
The fire brigade immediately came to extinguish the fire.
Shillong Lajong SC will play against Sutnga SSCC on the 11th of November, 2023 between Wahshnong SC and Sutnga SSCC. NEROCA FC have won 10 points in their I-League match at home today at the 1st Ground of SSA, Polo against NEROCA FC. both teams scored 10 goals each.
They said that the time has come for the Dorbar Shnongs together with government departments to conduct awareness programs to educate the people to avoid this evil practice.
He said that these foreigners came by themselves to buy and store coal and this has affected the livelihood of the villagers.
There has been talk in the past few days, that there are many Congress MLAs, to hand over the post of Chief Minister to Bah Tynsong, if he can lead the NPP MLAs to vote. work with the Congress party.
Donbor said that at that time, Phrin also came to them to ask who they were. They said that they had taken their son Mit.
“One candidate gives 2000 per meeting and the people who listen to the meeting go to listen to the candidate or how I don't know if 10-15 candidates stand I don't feel anything but it should be explained to the before the people for the voters to hear and decide.
The final was witnessed by the MLA of the constituency and Minister of Home Affairs Lahkmen Rymbui as the chief guest, Bah Hering Shangpliang, Retired Sports Officer of the state government who is also the coach, MDC of Gillroy constituency. War-East MDC Dapmon Tariang, D License Coach, Savio Buam, Chairman Tournament, Pdengshakap Village Secretary Shailang Pakyntein and others.
Even as of today it is still shows I have past infection of Covid19 based on my antibodies test.
However, it has shocked the residents of Sohra to find that someone has robbed the tomb of Sir Harry Inglis. gold, silver, or other treasures thrown into it.
Therefore, I appeal to all the party leaders not to have divisions in the party and to unite so that it will help the NDA government. If the NPP wins, and the MPs from the state of “We will have the opportunity to express a better voice than the current Congress candidate who is in the opposition,” said Bah Shullai.
“We have learned that there are many ITIs operating which are very old and the training is no longer up to date.
Judging by the income of the people from tourism, it is not yet very high, because compared to Sikkim alone, Meghalaya has not been able to cut the trees. unlike any other country in the world.
Persons with fever and chills should wear a mask even if they are indoors.
The KSU leaders visited the KSU after receiving a complaint from the teacher regarding the stingy behavior of the teacher. since 2012, but the total number of visits to the post in the last 11 years has been less than 100 days.
Other development projects in the state will only be to stir up trouble and stir up trouble among the members of the party and stir up trouble among the people.
When asked whether the CHC has been closed, the doctor said that the hospital has not been closed, but people are not willing to come after the infection of a pregnant woman with COVID-1
One of the things that Christians should not forget to remember is that they were seen as the light of the world and it was expected that Christians, especially in this nation where they are more numerous than others, would express and influence others to that good, beautiful and dignified life.
Lakadong said this while speaking at the opening ceremony of the Executive Committee of KHADC under the leadership of Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem as CEM. Lakadong said that the EMs are too busy before the elections, how can they score goals before they come out?
The party also congratulated the MLA of Nongkrem, Bah Ardent M Basaiamoit for raising this issue in the Legislative Assembly these days.
There were 24 students who took the SSLC examination and 21 students who passed well.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 10: The West Khasi Hills Police have continued to conduct raids from time to time in the Shallang area and other parts of the West Khasi Hills neighboring Garo villages. , has also prompted many members and snar of various armed groups from Garo Hills to surrender to the police and some have been arrested and shot dead in the shooting.
He said that Meghalaya through the office of the Block Development Officer of Mawshynrut has implemented many development projects including MGNREGS, IAY and PMAY schemes in the area and no one has been disappointed. The Assam government has rejected such an agreement.
Shillong: Answering a question by Zenith M Sangma (Congress) regarding the borrowing of MeECL and MePDCL, the Minister in charge of Electricity, James K Sangma, said that the He said that the amount received from the Central Government under the Atmanirbhar Bharat Abhiyan is T.1345.72 crore.
He said that the lack of salary has affected especially those teachers who have to ride a car to go to their schools.
On the 11th June 2020, the owner of USTM came to ask permission from the village to allow his foreigners to enter the village but the village refused. she refused to give him permission.
It is a place where there is love between people.
Shillong: The Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lakmen Rymbui, today said that India and Meghalaya are not a country of police. whomsoever they have accused.
He said that if all the petrol pumps are operated by Khasi youth, how much will it help those youth, who are unemployed and especially in this time of unemployment, but sadly I don't know why the Petrol Pump in Ri Bhoi District has been closed.
The Executive Committee led by Bah HS Shylla has prepared to introduce several issues including the Khasi Social Lineage Bill 2018, the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and others.
Lajong have the hope of scoring three points from this match, but it will not be easy for the team as they will have to play away from home where both teams will struggle to score three points. to improve their position in the I-League points table this season.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma today held a meeting with the Principals of various schools to discuss the curriculum, textbooks and syllabus.
After he developed a high fever, he was taken to a hospital for further examination.
– Although it seemed to men that there was no future, this new understanding explains that God, the Sovereign Lord of all, allowed the Israelites to pass through the Valley of Death to reach the Goal He had promised. I have set them apart.
Throughout the ceremony, the leaders of the Kur Nongrang, gave their congratulations to Kong Idashisha Nongrang, for despite many challenges that came at the time. that it serves the people, but it is to remember God, to ask for His wisdom, to work in the path of righteousness and truth, for the people, the nation and the the whole state.
Through this, you will be able to increase your salary by an increment of 5% per annum.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today denied reports that the government has returned more than T5000 crore for the scheme.
Director of Schools Education & Literacy, Divisional Forest Office, (wildlife), Divisional Forest Office (Social Forestry), Divisional Forest Office (Territorial),  District Librarian, Executive Engineer, (CEW) A.H & Veterinary office, Executive Engineer, PHE Electrical Division , Executive Engineer, PHE (RWS) Division, District Sericulture Office, District Urban Planner/Town Planning Office, Executive Engineer, Urban Affairs,  District Handloom Office and Weaving Inspector.
He said that the leaders have thought about what to draw, many suggestions have come out and finally they have decided to draw a football player, a tree of knowledge, the shap of the village, the shap of the youth association, and in the tourist spots, the youth drew pictures on the fire.
“Out of these 12 posts, four including the post of Prime Minister will be from Garo Hills while five will be from Garo Hills. Khasi – Jaintia.
Shillong, November 10: The Minister of PWD, Assam, Ajanta Gogoi today launched the flag to operate a bus from Guwahati-Shillong to Dhaka.
Through the Act East Policy, the Central Government has been able to promote tourism and trade in the region.
Shillong: U Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), while speaking at the ceremony today, said that it is difficult for the party leaders to gather the soldiers. He said that the party intends to investigate and track down these volunteers and said that this is only the beginning and He confirmed that the party will hold another program to honor these fighters.
The letter expressed the HNLC's desire to reach the peace talks with the central government, which the MDA government has also started making arrangements for the peace talks under the leadership of HNLC. Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma.
The second and third rounds will be held at the Madras Motor International Circuit (MMRT) in late November and November on the weekends, while the final will be held in Hyderabad on November 10-11.
Not only that, the Pastor also urged the MDCs of KHADC, by saying that they should use Para 12 A, while they can still use and bring the resolution in the District Council that the Atomic Energy Act The Assembly will approve it or not, the Lok Sabha MP will approve it or not and it will not be implemented because it is in para 12 A that the President of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council. Any law can be repealed, but it must start from the District Council to bring a resolution and we will follow up with us the people.
“Six months of training is not enough for the country's war effort,” he said.
In this incident which lasted for more than 10 months, the State has witnessed the loss of many lives and the damage to many houses of the people and churches of various religious groups. diverse.
The World Bank said the deficit has increased to 2.1 percent of GDP in 2018-19, from 1.8 percent in the previous year. income and trade in the past decade.
iii) Immodest dress – This type of dress makes it difficult for those who see or those who see.
The union also said that this night curfew will not affect the celebration of the Independence Day of East Jaintia Hills as the curfew will be held only in the evening at 8:00 pm. until 5:00 pm on the 30th and 31st of this month.
Referring to rumors that if the ARPA does not replace the CEM, the UDP may also take a step to leave, Witting said, “If our UDP friends don't want to I hope that the leaders of the UDP Sengkmie as well as in KHADC (Bah Tein) are leaders who have grown strong and strong in their thinking. “It's a good idea to think again,” said Bah Witting.
She has three children, four boys and one girl.
Speaking to media, Metbah said that he has met with the UDP party office bearers in West Garo Hills and East Garo Hills and hopes that they will be able to get victory in this round.
“Electricity is one of the most important needs in today's society but the current distribution of electricity by MeECL shows that we are going back to the Stone Age”.
Those who test positive should not go out or walk around especially in Shillong.
In the first leg, Ummulong SS&CC beat Soomer 2-1 goals. Tremiki Lamare scored the first goal for Ummulong SS&CC in the 24th minute. and Cleophast Bamon in the 64th minute.
Another issue that has affected the people of Nongstoiñ constituency is that the office of the Syiem of Nongstoiñ Hima has turned into the office of the NPP, so that when electing the village headmen if they are not human beings Speaking at the election campaign rally in Nongstoiñ, Bobby Kharshandi, the candidate of the Voice of People Party (NPP), has reminded that all the candidates of the National People's Party (NPP) When the candidates speak to the public, they talk only about economic development because they don't know what laws can protect the rights of the state.
The word “person" here refers to both men and women.
Speaking on the occasion, Raja Brahma said that the program was held throughout India with the oath to promote, develop and preserve the country and its culture and traditions. , and it was also during the program that the wife of Bah (L) Helping Stone Nongkseh, Thiuslinda Nongrum, was also honoured.
Wow! It will be a wonder and joy to see that 1000 year reign of Jesus Christ, who doesn't want to see such a world? There will also be the marriage feast of the Lamb of God Jesus Christ.
Police of ICP Petrapole received a tip-off about the presence of a man who was smuggling gold from Bangladesh to India via a Royal Friendship International Passenger Bus.
The union strongly condemns the negligence of the NEHU authorities on all these issues and the union cannot accept how even the top ten students cannot enter the university.
When I saw the news article by Bah Purningstar Shabong published in Rupang on July 28, 2020 on John Robert's speech against our Jaitbynriew which appears in the song Ri Khasi Ri Khasi, I was shocked. The whole nation.
Therefore, through this statement, we say clearly that if you want to see the unity of the farmers to fight against the kilo cut, we are ready to come out in lakhs of people.
During the raid, the union from Mawïong, Nongkwar and Ïewrynghep areas found many mynder who came to work in painting, tiling and other mystery works which are not adequate and not You don't have to have a work permit.
Ltd is located in Umsohpai, Ri-Bhoi District, Reliance Tower (Mobile) is located in Riatsamthiah, Reliance Tower (Mobile) is located in Lum Shyllong and Meghalaya Agrovet is located in Ri-Bhoi District.
“Cigarette butts that are scattered cause fires in hills and rivers, pollution and it takes about 25 years to decompose,” said Dr. Nadon.
in what is reliable, what they like to buy online.
The film also features the most famous comedy actors of the state, namely Bah Micky known as Jlaw, Kebor Kurbah known as Marangbah and others. Emika Rymbai and Steff Wahlang were the tyngshops.
He said that the festival will feature many kinds of food products from the San Shnong area, along with many kinds of games.
Furthermore, the Mang Tyngka Dorbar is also without a Leader of the Opposition in the State Legislative Assembly.
In a statement, the party said that Dr Mukul Sangma's statement that the railway line will boost tourism in the state is unacceptable and is just a ploy to mislead him. public state.
On this occasion, the DC said that as Government employees and Village Authorities, we should explain and explain to those who do not have Aadhaar or EPIC, as it will be a great loss to those who do not have Aadhaar or EPIC. Aadhaar is also EPIC.
It is expected that this relocation of shyiap from Rajputana will increase the number of dry areas in the United Provinces; However, in Khasi-Jaintia, the wind has not damaged the soil.
`We hope that this revocation of trading licenses by KHADC will open up opportunities for the indigenous people in employment if the current Executive Committee of KHADC stands firm on the ground to revoke their trading licences. foreign states who have not been renewed according to the stipulated time,` he said.
Rymbui said that from time to time the government meets to listen to the grievances of the teachers and it is the right of the teachers to express their grievances but the government does not. you will have to carefully examine what will do the most good.
"Yes, I'm going to leave Mama without drinking for a long time," said Lydia.
Lamphrang Kharsahnoh, a resident of Smit, Mawmluh, is also an international kickboxing medalist who has won many titles for the country and the state. Rangkynsai Lynshing from Laitkor Mawrie Lumheh has been appointed as the full time coach of Kick Boxing. He won gold in the Senior Men Hardstyle and Light Contact in the weight category – 57kg.
Shillong: Two candidates from Garo Hills have registered their nomination papers for the upcoming elections to be held on 27th June.
The appointment of these other Sordars could not be approved because the opposition demanded that the writings relating to the appointment of these other Sordars should be read out. the ruling party, did not agree to do so.
Singh said that if India wants to erect shiah signs from the thum, it will have to get the approval of Bangladesh. The zero line will not be possible, as India has already agreed with Bangladesh to erect a sign at a distance of about 150 yards from the border separating the two countries.
There are those who think that this commandment of the Lord Jesus will apply only to those eleven people and only at those times.
These four organizations expressed their deep anger at how a person who is under the law has committed such a crime especially against the rights of women.
The forms can be submitted in hard copy along with the required documents as stipulated in the Guidelines sent to the District Librarian.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The dispute between the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma and the Umroi MLA has resurfaced in the Legislative Assembly today over the question of posts outside the Legislative Assembly. state.
He said he would demand that the government should set up a select committee to review the recruitment policy.
It is useless to arrest them, if they get bail, or if they are released, they will walk around, and do the same thing again and again.
replied Bah Deng and sat down opposite her.
For Cain was born of him, and Abel was born of him.
Shillong, Jymmang 18 : Speaking at the Common Platform meeting held by the Dorbar Shnong Wahingdoh, UDP candidate from Shillong North Constituency, Dr. Aman War, said that the issue that affects the youth is There is a shortage of jobs where young people who have passed their Master Degree or MA are willing to work even as peons.
All schools have been directed to have their own website and to post forms, which can be filled in a very easy manner. registration, only less than 200 per day.
In another incident, police said that on the 7th of this month, Sanjay Sarkar abducted a girl from Mizo Modern High School, Shillong.
To promote the talent of singing, playing and playing, the Meghalaya Music Promotion Board will be established.
Other speakers included the MLA and Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, SC Sadhu, Director, C&RD Department and others.
In the past, almost every Independence Day program in Jowai at Madan Jrisaleiñ, I used to watch and listen to, especially the speeches of the Chief Guests sent by the Government who are also Ministers of the Government.
“If they are ready, I feel that this is a golden opportunity to teach in a new way and in a way that the children are happy to listen to,” she said.
MR also denied the claims of the Assam media that he or his brother was involved in the illegal mining of coal.
Lokeshwar Singh (MLA and Party Chief Whip), Anil Tan (Minority In-charge, AICC), Rajesh Sethi (Minority In-charge, AICC), and Angomcha Bimol Akoijam (INC Candidate, 1-Inner Manipur Parliamentary Constituency).
Prestone said it is the duty of the people to listen to the views of the candidates or the principles of the various parties.
"Shuhshuh, if the Supreme Court says: “It might happen that in far-flung and remote areas the population inhabiting those areas might, on account of their being out of the mainstream of national life and in view of conditions peculiar to and characteristic to them, need to be treated in a different way, some relaxation in this strict rule may become imperative.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said that all political parties from the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), HSPDP, People's The NCP has joined hands with the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government but now they are accusing the NPP-led government. The NPP party is strong in the state and other political parties should not hesitate to accuse the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. you party.
We have not taken any decision on the government's plan to bring the railway to Shillong,” said Bah Lyngdoh while talking to reporters after the opening of the Central Executive Committee (CEC) meeting of the UDP. He said Bah Syiemlieh will submit a report to the party on the progress of the plan to bring the railway to Shillong and how the people feel about it.
“The Unique Selling Point (USP) of Meghalaya is the quietness of these places which are affected by the noise of vehicles, music that sometimes sounds and plays too much. "It's forbidden," said Mr. Paul.
“There will be a 72-hour quarantine, government hospitals should accept T.500 and T.1000 notes until 11th November.
On the same day, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh launched the party's song 'Thunder's Cave'
You don't have cleanliness, purity and beauty.
Kharmukhi said that the suspension of the Sordar is a good thing in the Khadar administration in the village, and she alleged that the turnout of the people of Tynring to the KHADC in the past few days is only for the benefit of the people of Tynring. She said that this visit without understanding is like they have contracted a mental illness.
This is the first time during the ILP protest that a police chief's vehicle has been burnt down.
The photographs showed thousands of motorcycles to support the President's march.
The State Government has sent a letter to the VPP leadership that it has set up a new committee of all political parties to discuss the Meghalaya State Reservation Policy 1972 and the Roster System.
The Department of Sports and Youth Affairs has continued the STAR program to test about 50,000 young athletes at the C&RD Block level.
Regarding the roads, he said that he has included in the Smart Road through the World Bank and about 33 kilometers of roads will be improved in Jowai and he expects the tender to be called in July.
Shillong, July 06: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) today launched a campaign on the party's principles across the state to raise awareness among the people. the people on the right, power and value of the vote in the election of rulers.
The trucks and rnga were seized for violating the Meghalaya Charcoal Rules, 2008 and the order of the Supreme Court.
Mairang/ Nongpoh/Shillong Jymmang 13: Four persons, including three children, have died in heavy rains today, which have caused floods and landslides in many places.
When asked, he said, “The ILP is another issue.
NANO DAP “After the success of the use of Nano Urea, the use of Nano DAP will be expanded in various crops in all agro-climatic zones,” said the Minister of Finance in her speech.
God warned the rulers of Israel because they were proud.
Revelation 20:1
In a statement sent to reporters, the party has also requested the CEM to take action against the sale and purchase of land by the army in different places.
This was announced by Bah M.Khyriem General Secretary of HYC Mawlai Nongkwar Unit.
Shillong: On the 25th of this month at 11 pm, while on patrol, police of Salmanpara PS (SWGH) found about 500 to 600 people gathered at Nokatgre village. and they found that these men were still empty-handed.
Teachers also took part in the march this evening, who are members of the NEHUTA group. It may be recalled that two youths were shot dead on 9th March 2019, which was after the creation of the The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) NEHU Unit.
At the same time, he invited the people from all over the villages to come and witness this tournament so that it will be a support for the sports club and also an encouragement for all the participants. .
Replying to a question, Bah Metbah said that the best place to discuss these issues is face to face with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
However, as the school authorities did not agree to this, the Principal went to Dhanagar to complain and make a request before her.
BJYM President Bah Egenstar Kurkalang said that during the meeting with the Minister, the BJYM also raised many issues related to the need for the department to do for the people especially those related to and education.
In this incident, the vehicle of the Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills, was hit by a stone.
He said that due to this situation, the state government has decided to find other ways to connect the railway line from East Jaintia Hills, but this too has been opposed. strongly by the local population.
“The search operation continues in many places,” said Bah Kharkongor.
The event was attended by spectators, group leaders and Sports Clubs from different villages of the North East.
The MJACCV has also decided that through a 48 hour strike, if the government does not believe in their demands, the MJACCV will hold a sit-in in front of the Secretariat.
He said that in a meeting with the Dean of the university, he gave the reason for the suspension of these Khasi students only because the management of the university is in short supply of funds to pay the fees. He also alleged that some of these employees have violated the rules and regulations of the school.
In relation to complaints regarding Saving Schemes and Postal Life Insurance, the account number, policy number and full address of the depositor or insurer should be accompanied.
Of course, although the struggle is not over, with the joint efforts of all of us, I hope that we will be able to eradicate this disease immediately from our country and the world as a whole.
In the game we often find that the father fights against the son or the brother, the son fights against the mother or father, and the friend against his friend as if on the battlefield. that after the game they had a drink and talked.
Schools shall ensure that students bring only the books that have been issued according to their routine.
Not only that, but the fire usually burns even at 8 or 9 pm, it doesn't come out, after that it's time to extinguish the fire, from 9 pm to 12 noon.
This was stated by the People's Democratic Front (PDF) candidate at a meeting of the office bearers of various units and circles of the PDF Zonal Committee in Mawkynrew Constituency at Thangsning on 04th June, “I don't have anything to criticize because I have done many things that the people of the constituency have witnessed. “They will decide whether to elect me again in the upcoming elections,” he said, adding that he and his family have not stopped serving the people of Mawkynrew Constituency since he was elected. He has been an MDC since 2014 until today.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said it is the duty of the government whether the government is led by the NPP, Congress or any other political party to ensure that the people live in peace and harmony in the country. the state.
The Vice-Chancellor, Fr Stephen Mavely said, “We have hundreds of students who have received scholarships through various scholarship schemes and this year, our aim is to move forward in to offer scholarships for new students.
The children were released from the Danapur-Pune Special Express train at Bhusawal and Manmad in Jalgaon and Nashik districts in Maharashtra.
Ricky C Pathaw, President of Upper Shillong Boxing Association was also present.
After eating and drinking and getting ready, they left the house to go to the water at 1:30 pm.
According to a statement from Chief of Army Staff LT Col Mahendra Rawat, the militants opened fire in the forest area at 9.30 pm on Monday while the group of troops were on their way to The road is located in the Digboi-Peregiri area.
U Bah George B.Lyngdoh also strongly criticized the situation in the state where there are no more intellectuals who are willing to contest the election, because of the forced money and power. It is only those rich people who are willing to contest elections because they invest money only during elections and when they win they take advantage of the people to accumulate wealth and power only for their own benefit and not for themselves. you eh you shon the people.
The country's weapons are obsolete after 10 days (China, Britain, Israel, NATO, Russia).
Here in Meghalaya, about 70 percent of the residents are still living below the poverty line with only breakfast and evening meals and flour, inadequate housing, no farmland of less than 200 square meters. feet and rely on those who own land and this has been found in the villages around the Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Pynursla, Jymmang 15: The KSU South Central East Circle together with the students of Riwar Pynursla have expressed their gratitude to the students of Riwar Pynursla for the agreement signed between the Raid Shabong and the Government.
The Government of India today lifted the notice, which was issued earlier, prohibiting Aadhar holders from issuing xerox copies of Aadhar cards to any person. There is no way to misuse your Aadhaar number.
On 22nd June 2020, there were 49 cases and at Sarusajai Quarantine Centre alone, there were 26 cases yesterday.
The fire broke out at the Community Hall in Pynthorbah. Police said that if the residents of the village had not been quick to extinguish the fire, the fire would have been extinguished. it will not escape touch.
The election situation in Sohiong may change suddenly after the people watched the struggle of the UDP, NPP and other ethnic parties to join the MDA-2 government after they gathered on the ground to criticize each other. the other during elections.
“This will not only stir up the spirit of celebrating this festive season but will also cause them to create problems at such a time of need because many small workers rely on the DA. “The state government has not yet released the Dearness Allowance (DA) of government employees in the state which should have been released,” said the UDP. every six months.
He said that the party invites not only those who want to get government jobs but also those who have the intention to start their own jobs to attend this meeting to demand that the government should increase the number of jobs. There are opportunities to train young people to start their own businesses and even to provide them with funds to start their own businesses.
Once again, it is appropriate to remind us all that “a nation that does not see far, will live in darkness and will soon disappear.
The Muslims who were killed were suspected to be from Bangladesh and the KSU has urged them to be careful not to flee from these places to the state.
I don’t need to prove it, but history itself bears witness.
In the first half, both the teams played hard and resisted as much as they could to score but until the end of the first half, both the teams did not score a goal. In the second half, Eastern Pirates played well and almost 10 minutes before the end of the second half, Eastern Pirates scored the first goal of the match. Nongkynrih SC scored the first goal of the second half with 2 minutes left before the end of the second half. to the tie breaker.
Modi said that after the lifting of the curfew, there have been those who have struggled to protect themselves, such as not wearing masks, keeping a distance from each other and and wash your hands also.
The leaders of the union complained about the inability of the Government to provide school supplies to the children and the union will not refuse to donate even if it is small.
When you name the nature, you start with the earth, the forest, the field, the field, the field, the field, the field, the shyiap, the stone, the tree, the leaf, the fruit, flower, stem, stem, root, and more.
NEHU Shillong, after winning the toss, scored 118 runs for the loss of seven wickets in 20 overs.
Shillong, Jymmang 16 : The Election Commission of India (ECI) on Tuesday said that the seizure of money, drugs and goods by candidates to attract voters has been reported. The ECI has admitted that it is due to the strict vigilance of the security forces that it has been able to control the number of cases.
Young people are the most powerful group in society and John in 1st Epistle 2:14 acknowledges that and history also tells us that young people can change the shape of society and government food.
On the other hand, the Union Waheh Shnong Sally Ryngkhlem said that the DGP has promised to take what they have discussed to the government and a decision will be taken later.
Such differences, environmental damage, and loss of livelihood and union income are troubling.
First, the foundation of the UCC is based on fundamental rights.
Furthermore, those in Ribhoi also have documents showing that they belong to Khasi Hills and those in Nongpoh Police Station since previous years.
Therefore, I don't want any trouble, so I have appointed two guards,” he said.
It may also be recalled that on that day they made a covenant to live a new life and to end the bloodshed, but only two or three days later there were allegations that there had been a theft of Shillong, November 19: Former Chief Minister and Chief Secretary Dr. DD Lapang today visited the AW Thomas Home Jaiaw which is run by two families. Mr. S Sohsley and Miss B Syiem, with the permission of Rev. NS Phawa, Administrative Secretary, KJP Assembly.
Digros said he had resigned from the post of Editor of the Garo newspaper in order to focus on the elections.
The Rangbah Shnong of Laitumkhrah, Bah Andrew A Jyrwa, on Tuesday said that the Dorbar Shnong will curb the smuggling of street vendors on the streets within the border after the Government has implemented the Meghalaya Street Vendors (Protection). of Livelihood and Regulation of Street Vending) Scheme 2023.
Bah Bindo M Lanong said that the UDP is one of the national parties which the people need and should understand about the purpose and working and it is also the party that came out of the APHLC in the past years. Shillong, June 05: The MDA party is still alive and active in the state as it is the party that supports the MDA government. Shillong, June 05: The protest of The Adhoc School Teachers' demand for the State Government to increase their salaries and to promote them to the deficit status has now reached its third month.
However, the performance of Siddharth Mhatre, who made his debut in the BCCI one day match, and NS Naik, helped Maharashtra to reach the target. put.
UDP MDC from Pariong-Mawthadraishan Bah Jambor War said that this issue is a wake-up call to the government to act quickly to implement the ILP in the state to curb the influx of people. who has a bar.
In the Khasi society, the voice of Bah Ardent, the voice of Kong Angela, the voice of Bah KP Pangniang, the voice of Bah Gavin, the voice of KHNAM or the voice of kyang shla of the Sengbhalang speaks 'Mangi' 'Manga' appears from behind while 'Manga' hides from behind to proclaim that they are the only ones who are the best, others are not.
Replying to this, CEM Bah Pynshngain said he does not feel it is right for the KHADC to deal with external issues.
The meeting will start at 12 noon at Jantar Mantar and all the youth of the North East are invited to attend.
Two days ago, an Islamabad court gave Khan 10 days to appear in court the next day in connection with the Toshakhana incident.
After the French rule, the Jowai Sub-division was further divided by the Assam Government into Mikir (now Karbi Anglong) and North Cachar Hills on 13th April Nongphyllut District, part of Shiliang Myntang District, Pangam-Raliang area of ​​Raliang District, part of Nongjngi District which is now known as Block-I and Nangtung-Khyrwang District. The Hima Syiem Sutnga or Syiem Jaintia, which covered a large and powerful border, the Hima, which had its own Syiem, was now known as Block-II. The king lost his land and the land became smaller and smaller as the days and time went by.
In South West Khasi Hills, there are 16 candidates including 14 men and two women, in East Garo Hills there are 18 candidates including 16 men and 2 women, in South West Garo Hills 15 candidates including In South Garo Hills, there are 16 male and 3 female candidates.
The complaint against the Lyngdoh of Sohiong Village is on the handover of the Nongwah Mawtamur Hima to the Jirang Hima on 17th June
The incident happened while she was cleaning her house in the presence of her family members.
“On the one hand, it is a false promise and negligence on the part of NHAI,” said Suchen.
I don't know how to explain, Because I don't have wealth;
Nearly 11,500 film and TV storytellers have gathered to protest against the demand for higher wages and decided to go on strike if no one listens to them.
“Although people these days have started to fight with the Voice of People's Party (VPP), when we look back at the various political parties in Khasi Hills from 1998 to 2023, they have been fighting with the Voice of People's Party (VPP),” he said. Many hill parties have emerged which have stirred up the youth and the people of Khasiland but those parties have disappeared only temporarily.
He said that the workers within the party have been working hard and how to improve the party, he said that soon in these days, there will be many other people, who will join the Party, whether in Ri Bhoi and especially in Nongpoh Constituency.
" I said to Kmie.
At the top of the village at the crossroads of the Kynshi River there is a large shyiap lynnong which is very beautiful for sitting and eating or playing. and it was called Phanliang.
Everbloom Nongrum has received a scholarship from the Meghalaya Cricket Association for the Bravery Award presented by the President of India.
“Even if we win in Sohiong, there is nothing that can be done to change the government. ", he added.
New Delhi: Anmol Ambani, the eldest son of Anil and Tina Ambani, has strongly criticized the implementation of the curfew in Maharashtra in recent days.
Bikash Ranjan Hajong Ray, Deputy Manager of SBI Aalo Branch, who has been missing since last month, was arrested on Friday.
Bernard had been absconding since the 22nd of this month, but Uttar Pradesh police arrested him from Hapur yesterday.
However, in this constituency, as both the parties are strong, the arrangement between the two parties will be very difficult this time.
We don't know how many days this heat and drought will last.
Speaking to media at his residence in Pyndengrei Nongstoiñ, Bah Gabriel Wahlang said, “The election period has ended and there will be no flag for anyone.
Many people understand that this term refers only to the election of leaders, the election of MLAs/MDCs/MPs and the formation of government.
Not all fake news has an impact.
Earlier, Pynshngaiñ had planned to support the Congress candidate, Lambor Nongrum, but his mind changed after he returned from a ceremony to honor him held by the Congress party. The Nongkrem Constituency Development and Welfare Association ( NongKrem Constituency Development and Welfare Association ) has been formed recently and is led by Bah Lambor Nongrum.
“This action of him is like adding fuel to the fire, from the killing of the residents of Mukroh, and the residents of the two states should understand that this incident was caused by the negligence of the “There are two governments to resolve the issues of the people who have been attacked,” he said.
Nongpoh, June 03: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri-Bhoi District today led by Samla Tony Shylla General Secretary and members of the hospital have met with the management of the hospital to complain about the rude remarks of the doctor on the night of 30th October after the patient went for treatment at the hospital. mit because you are very sick.
However, even after this treatment, there was no help.
The Shad Suk Mynsiem will be held at the Football Ground Umjyrsieh Mylliem as usual, said a statement from the Seng Khasi Mylliem.
According to information received from government departments, the claim by the Prime Minister that the state is rich in funds is only on paper.
“Kmie, on Saturday, the 17th, I can't wait to go to my owner's birthday party in Mawprem,” said Bruton, reading the newspaper.
We too need our family members, just as the Lord Jesus had a family when He came to earth as a human being.
They came to take refuge in this promised land, which was fertile and prosperous, nowhere else.
He asked, “Just because they have stayed in Ribhoi for a long time does not mean that they are citizens. There are many Bangladeshis and other foreigners who have stayed in Meghalaya for a long time. Foreigners and Bangladeshis should be made ST because they have stayed for a long time.
Sanbor Shullai also informed about the problems faced by the residents of Shillong Cantonment through the implementation of the Cantonment Land Administration Rule
In the second half, Sohmynting scored through Meyoo Pde in the 75th minute when they showed their skills to score.
He said the government under the leadership of the NPP has allocated about Rs 6500 crore for the cleaning of roads in the state and about Rs 1000 crore has been allocated in Ri-Bhoi alone and this is a great blessing to the people. He also announced that the Nongpoh-Umden-Sonapur Road will soon be cleaned for the first time at a cost of Rs 70 crore and the government will soon call a tender and issue the work order for the Umling Road. Umrit and others.
He said that if there are any organizations that hold a fete and want to show the film 9-Lad in their villages they can call 8837287374 or 9366232274 so that more details can be arranged.
Regarding the deterioration of the road, the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People, Riwar Mihngi Circle led by its President, Bah Evanfield Khonglam on Tuesday met with the Executive Director of NHIDCL to They demanded that the repairs should be sent before the work starts to make it easier for the people to travel.
Shillong, July 27 : Mawlai SC beat Langsning FC 2-0 in the OC Blue Shillong Premier League 2021-22 on Monday at the Third Ground, Polo, Shillong.
He said that according to the information received by the government, it is not yet time to lift the curfew in some parts of Shillong and the government is sitting to review from time to time. Ma Lakmen said that the government's priority is to maintain peace and order in the state. He said that twice a day he calls to discuss the situation in the state. The Government will take all necessary measures to ensure that the people of the state will not face any problems.
We are proud that in our state there is a very clean village and its cleanliness is known all over the world and it is the cleanest village in Asia.
“Although we cannot say when it will be, but it should be held within six months,” said the CEO. He said that the shella has 58 polling stations and about 30,000 voters.
It is on this basis that they said that they will review the blue print and take a unanimous decision before responding to the government.
He said that the government under the leadership of the NPP has done many things such as the decision to relocate the Kharmetor, the opening of the Crowborough and the Arts and Culture Hall at Mawdiangdiang which is the largest hall in the area.
When inquired, these foreigners said that they were day laborers who came by truck from Khlieriat to 13 miles Byrnihat Ribhoi District and walked 12 miles, but these 58 foreigners were arrested. They were arrested by the police at Check Point 12 miles Byrnihat.
He said that in the past years the UDP has respected (L) Maieit Hopingstone, because he is a great man of the Jaitbynriew and does not want to contest elections with strong candidates, but has always worked with the UDP. part to support and overcome him.
We warn the Government of India not to introduce such rules which will affect the uniqueness of our Indigenous Peoples but the Government of India should empower our Dorbar Indigenous Peoples. through Direct Funding and others.
Later, the demands increased and became stronger when the Khasi Author's Society also tried to push for this issue not only from the state government, but also from the central government as well.
Lorenza Songthiang, who won the silver medal in the Asian Confederation Kickboxing Championship 2022, has won the silver medal.
The office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills has issued an order that all shopkeepers must first submit their permits to open their shops. The shopkeepers who went to give the tika but there were also those who refused to give the tika.
The competition was organized by the Meghalaya Police in collaboration with the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC).
This oil is very expensive.
Replying to the CUET, the Chief Minister said that as of now the central government has not issued any notification but he confirmed that the students who want to study in private or state government colleges or those who are financially supported do not need to write this examination but only those who wish to study directly at NEHU and not at its affiliated colleges.
It is through these competitions that they can select the strongest in the 100, 200 or long distance events.
These shops should not employ more people in the shops or service centres.
The AJCA has qualified for the final of the Zone 1 of the Inter District U-19 Boys Cricket Tournament after beating East Jaintia Hills by nine wickets in the first leg of the Inter District U-19 Boys Cricket Tournament. second.
It is for this reason that many children especially in the rural areas have to go to work even though they are not old enough and this is known as 'Child Ïabour'
He said that it will take a few months to improve the operation but he urged the C&RD department, the BDO and the DC that the Rambrai Block should be fully operational as a Block. complete.
Rgh Skor Jala, Chairman of the Tymmen U San Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie in the presence of Sein Raij leaders and members of JPK, gave the ceremony. The cleansing of the altar of incense, that the brothers and sisters should rise up on the altar of incense, to offer their thanksgiving, prayer, and supplication, to God. May the Lord bless you from above and forgive the sins of mankind.
Clothes including PPE, masks, handkerchiefs, headgear were burnt by the residents yesterday, while food bags and places where these items were broken were burnt. They were treated by the Municipal officials and will be collected again.
Most people use well-ground Cinnamon Sticks to preserve food.
Technology has been used extensively in this process and thus a multidisciplinary approach has been developed and introduced in this process.
To change the meaning to sympathy and understanding of others, to a greater love for one's fellow villagers, neighbours, to support and share the burden of others.
There are about two residential buildings in the MTC area alone, offices like the Meghalaya Rural Bank and shops.
The government department has advised the public not to be stingy in their safety, to stay away from each other and not to gather in large numbers.
The children of the Raid Mylliem have expressed their deep sorrow over the failure of the Raid Mylliem to complete the ritual at Lum Shulong (Shyllong) this year.
Ranikor MDC and Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Mawryngkneng MLA.
Shillong, Lber 16: U Bah Roberjune Kharjahrin, President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), on Tuesday said that if the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) comes into force in India, it will seriously affect the Sixth Schedule or the Districts. Council and the customs and traditions in the home known as Family Law or Personal Law.
The doctor asked about the illness.
There are 686 cases in East Khasi Hills, 435 cases in East Khasi Hills, 5 cases in West Khasi Hills, 2 cases in South West Khasi Hills, 43 cases in Ribhoi District and 112 cases in West Jaintia Hills. Hills 7 cases, West Garo Hills 41 cases, South West Garo Hills 18 cases, South Garo Hills 7 cases, East Garo Hills 11 and North Garo Hills 5 cases.
These are 8 cases in East Khasi Hills District, 8 cases in Ribhoi District, 7 cases in West Garo Hills District, 1 case in West Jaintia Hills District and 2 cases in North Garo Hills.
We must defend our rights, not the way we are judged.
D and who have received special recognition for their contributions to various journals in the country and internationally.
Village councils have been empowered to prepare reports or action plans for income generation, agriculture, land improvement, water well maintenance, animal husbandry, electricity distribution to rural areas, small factories, tree planting and others.
Instead of preserving the customs and traditions, they don't do anything.
For more information or send the videos to the following numbers: 7638944199/8730933292 The purpose of this competition is to encourage and develop talented youth across the state.
On this occasion, the Vice Chancellor of ICFAI Dr. Alicia Gatphoh, Sordar Shnong Bah Pynshaiborlang Synjri, Rangbah Dong, residents, students of the village and students of ICFAI. The celebration was enriched by dances, songs by the students of the university and the students of Nongjrong. Government Lower Primary School, Church of God Secondary School, Nongjrong, Nongjrong Upper Primary School and Childrens Club, Nongjrong.
“We should understand that the BJP is in the MDA and that is why it is silent but it is speaking now because it is election time,” he said.
The political partners of this government have expressed and explained their own views and feelings like the blind men of ancient Hindustan explained about the elephant.
Shillong, July 14: Police are awaiting the post mortem report of the body of Samuel Synrem (23) whose head was found missing from a place in Kyndong. Rylla, Umiam River on July 11 after many days.
The priests were traveling by the same bus from Thiruvananthapuram to Munnar.
In this regard, the union has asked whether it is not the duty of the State Infiltration Branch to monitor and prevent the illegal entry of foreigners into Meghalaya.
“We have spoken to the Prime Minister on this and he will talk to the Chief Minister of Assam and the CM is aware of this incident,” James said.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Hep Dhar said, “I will provide fair service to all the children of the Elaka without discrimination.
“However, we understand that there are ways and means for us to be known and respected by others,” he said.
Arpit Upadhyaya, District Election Officer, Ri-Bhoi District, said that the turnout has reached 64% and is expected to reach 68% as of 4 pm. up to 70% as there are still more remote areas that have not yet been covered due to terrain and network constraints.
Shillong, July 19 : The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shella Unit has informed the SDO of Sohra Civil Sub Division that the earthquake in Shella area has caused damage worth billions of rupees. lin from roads, bridges, streets, wells and others.
On the other hand, the MAL of Jirang, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, appealed to the people of Jirang Constituency not to listen to these unfounded statements of the Sordar of Patharkhmah. The facts can also be sought from the Syiems of these Himas whether he has collected the documents from these Himas but he has not done anything about it yet. “The Sordar Shnong is only trying to insult and mislead the people,” said the Jirang MLA, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun.
The purpose of selecting these two Ri Bhoi Idols is to broadcast the news without being biased towards any political party in the state. The purpose of the Ri Bhoi Idol is to go to the people and explain to them to come forward to register their names on the Electoral Roll and it is only by registering their names on this list to elect their leaders that the people can Meghalaya is in the process of re-electing MLAs to become lawyers in the Legislative Assembly. the state.
However, according to sources, the meeting between the District and the State is only a progress but there will be no change as Nongstoiñ has chosen Dr. Adviser. Pariong and that according to a letter sent by the Congress from Nongstoiñ, all the members of the party have agreed to give the ticket to Dr. Pariong.
"Father Wollaston passed away on the 17th of July, 1979 and was buried at the Catholic Cemetery Laitumkhrah.
School students and workers outside the state have not been allowed to return home, while coal has been allowed to be imported.
The Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) has amended the Tenth Amendment Regulations 2022 to encourage citizens to update their documents in relation to their Aadhaar card.
The nearest place in the world where it is located has been included as a UNESCO heritage site and KONG-THONG is known worldwide as the “Whistling Village.
“For my part, I strongly condemn the speech of RSS chief Dr Mohan Bhagwat at the SoSo Tham Auditorium,” said Marbud Dkhar, former president of the RSS. FKJGP Representative.
I am Rinus Kharthangmaw from Ri Bhoi District. I want to join this training. I want to get a phone. Or you can call me on this number9774812442/7
There are 25 recoveries from the disease.
It is because of these things that the rich becomes richer, while the poor becomes poorer.
On 4th June, James wrote to the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma on this issue, and requested him to head the Forum and MIDC as the nodal agency.
The funeral service will be held on 12.02.2022 at 2:00 PM at the Jowai Presbyterian Church, Chutwakhu, Jowai.
The team that earns the most points from their group will qualify.
The story of them has remained only in history.
Nongpoh: Parad (L) Shelis Mohon Roy Rajee, resident of Lum Nongthymmai Byrnihat, has passed away this morning at 7 pm at his home in Nongthymmai Byrnihat. , that is at the age of 108 years.
When they went to the hospital, they prayed that God would be with them.
This will be a contribution to the environment, in accordance with the “Clean and Green” slogan.
“This tournament is like a preparation for the Olympic Games.
There is plenty of evidence to prove this.
For the smooth running of the elections, flying squads have been set up to register cases against donors and recipients of money or other donations, as well as to take punishment against those involved in the elections. they do not make threats against voters.
All alumni are requested to attend the meeting on that day and time, said Bah H Myrboh.
To show that they are really wise, the people of this age, they really need to expose the world to change completely after the 2023 MLA elections.
We will have a mechanism for monitoring which will be appropriate as needed.
The opening ceremony was attended by the only Rajya Sabha MP Dr WR Kharlukhi, who inaugurated the Super League 2021-22 organized by the Saipung Block Sports Association (SBSA).
The program was organized by the District Project Management Unit (DPMU) in the presence of staff of the Soil & Water Conservation Department and the Forest Department. The meeting was attended by the Village Ministers, Village Secretaries, VCF's, and GVs of the district.
Shillong, Naitung, 01: The Leader of the Maitshaphrang Movement, Bah Michel Syiem on Thursday met with the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh to urge him to talk to the Central Government to recognize the Phan Nonglait. as a freedom fighter of India.
Besides, the Minister said that yesterday he had met with these 108 employees and had already explained to them the position of the government.
There are several reports that the deaths of these cheetahs are due to various reasons such as radio collars and others.
Shillong: Members of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) today met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Isawanda Laloo to discuss the sudden increase in the price of beverages in the city. Shillong.
It is learned that the fish was caught in a jar at 7 pm this morning and Bah Mathius was surprised by the fish and immediately took it home to show it to his family. relatives and also in the neighbourhoods.
However, he expressed hope that the NPP candidate will win.
However, NEEPCO has decided to withdraw as it wants to focus on cleaner and environmentally friendly projects.
Tomorrow, Lutituber Ïalong will play against Youth Social Welfare Pynthor at 12.30 pm, Mulang Ïalong will play against Madan Thadmuthlong at 2.00 pm and Lumpyrtuh Mihmyntdu will play against Royal Pojet at 3 pm. evening.
On 13th June, the Returning Officer of Jowai Constituency sent a show cause notice to Phidalia and directed her to answer why no action should be taken against her for violating the Meghalaya Service (Conduct) Rules. , 2019.
I love that the Kur “Lynshiang” has been the owner and ruler of this Hima for many hundreds of years like other Jait Kurs in the Hima/Elaka. / etc.Because of the many diseases and wars during World War II, it is for this reason that the Lynshiang clan has spread all over Meghalaya. Assam, Nagaland and those still living in Bangladesh and abroad.
Flights have also resumed from Kolkata to Ranchi, Patna, Bhubaneswar, Hyderabad and Dhaka.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, on Tuesday denied that there would be any political conflict over the IED bomb being planted at the gate of the National People's Party (NPP) office. yesterday saying that evil is evil in his sight.
Now even the organic waste is broken down.
North Liberty Higher Secondary School (NLHSS) won 14 gold, 12 silver and 4 bronze medals in the Under-14, 16 and 16 categories. 18 and the woman.
The meeting was conducted by Dr. BK Mawthoh, District Animal Husbandry & Veterinary Officer, South West Khasi Hills District. Dr.W.Lyting, Animal Husbandry & Veterinary Officer, South West Khasi Hills District.
The troops reportedly opened fire on those who protested in different parts of the country against the imposition of martial law.
Until now, the party has been able to provide connectivity to only 8 villages in the rural areas. Nonglait said the party is trying to reach out to other villages if they get connectivity. support from the people.
At the same time, the group plans to meet with the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, and will wait at the venue until they have the opportunity to meet him.
Earlier, the father of Bah Synshar, who is also the party leader, said that even in the last days before Maheh's death, he still remembers the people of Sohiong.
Jyothi Yarraji has won the gold medal in the women's 100m hurdles at the Federation Cup Athletics.
Meanwhile, a voice recorded through a phone conversation, revealed that Negi admitted that he stayed with her at Iingbasa and had other witnesses that he was fighting with her for the sake of the woman. come brai.
The demand is between 15 and 80 lakh tyngka and the letter warns that no one should inform the police.
The Christian Youth from Shillong expressed their gratitude to Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit and Bah Charles Marngar for their speeches to urge the government to allow the Christmas carol to be performed by the Christians in the state.
If you don't know the annual income of your father, the son of a chawkidar or cleaner, you won't get it anymore.
His lawyer, Attorney Bryan Hoss, said the young man was preparing to take the gun to his family's house because there had been a robbery at their house earlier that night. however, the gun was suddenly pointed at his mother.
On the opening day, Royal Wahingdoh FC will play against Langsning FC. These teams are well known in the state and have taken part in many tournaments. state.
The Minister also met with the Minister in charge of Tripura Welfare, Handloom, Handicrafts & Sericulture and Statistics of Tripura, Bikas Debbarma and discuss the challenges and opportunities available in the state in relation to various sectors.
The danger is real.
On his victory, Janis congratulated all the people from all over the state who supported him especially from Ri-War Pynrusla. “I love you so much that in the villages I went to, they bought votes for T.5 or T.10 tyngka while they got money from here and there,” he said.
“We will not tolerate such people who come to earn money from this district of West Khasi Hills and who do not listen to anyone,” said the statement. UHM West Khasi Hills President Bah Moon Nongrem has said that the UN Security Council has issued a statement saying that the UNHM has organized a campaign against corruption in the country.
On the other hand, on the issue of changing the name of the country from India to Bharat, the VPP spokesperson said that this language has already been mentioned in the Constitution of the country. .
You can't just open it like that.
“As an organization that is part of the North East Students' Organization (NESO), I am very sorry to think that within NESO we used to discuss the issues faced by the indigenous people of different states. Speaking at a candlelight vigil organized by NESO and Khasi Students' Union (KSU) at Khyndai Lad to restore peace and order, Marngar said. in Manipur.
Speaking at the meeting was Bah WR Lyngdoh, Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, Mission Director, SBM (G), Shillong.
On the same day, all the students who passed well were also awarded.
This public awareness campaign was conducted with the aim of promoting entrepreneurship among the villagers to start their own businesses and the theme is 'Become employers and not job seekers'
Scientists are also working hard to find out the causes of the destruction of the environment and how to restore what remains of it.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng, 25: Riangdim is a village about 12 km from Shallang and falls within the boundary of Nongstoin Hima West Khasi Hills District.
The final of the 14th U Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy Super Division Football Tournament-2022 was witnessed at the opening ceremony by Sniawbhalang Dhar MLA as the chief guest. look at urban development and others.
She also requested those traders and market owners to open their shops, because the struggle is not against the private sector or any group, but against the two state governments which cannot. to enforce the laws and regulations in accordance with the Constitution of the country, in relation to the freedom of life and income of all citizens.
He questioned how much benefits have been received by the people of the State from these factories which have benefited well through the provision of electricity at a lower price as an assistance to them.
The Vice Chancellor, Dr (Fr.) Stephen Mavely began by welcoming the Governor, the students and the guests.
In the second match, Marbisu CC won by 98 runs against Thangsning CC. In fact, Thangsning CC won the toss and elected to bat first. Marbisu scored 123 runs for the loss of 9 wickets in 20 overs. Bashemphang Kurbah top scored for Marbisu with 20 runs from 24 balls while Briketstar Kharumnuid scored 20 runs for Marbisu. They lost 2 wickets in 4 overs.
The preacher left the church in great shame.
Nongpoh: The Longkmie of Umiam Village under the banner of 8 SHGs, Auto Drivers and the support of the Dorbar Shnong Umiam, on Tuesday, came out to clean up the area. The road from Jingkieng Dam to Umiam Police Station has been destroyed.
Besides those who reach these ranks, a prize of Rs 20,000 will be awarded to those students who pass the preliminary examination in MCS/MPS, in order to support them in their continuing education.
This is indeed a miracle that God has done in our country, God's promises never change from eternity to eternity and they continue to come true until now when we obey and do them. your law.
In an unprecedented incident in India, diesel has become more expensive than petrol and now in Delhi, diesel has become more expensive than petrol. continued for 19 days.
Earlier, NESO Chairman Samuel Jyrwa and members of the party were welcomed at Guwahati airport by NESO leaders.
Shillong, Naitung 7: The protest by the residents of Mawlai against the C&RD Block has stirred up a stir in Mawpat. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma today announced that two blocks will be opened. The Mawlai C&RD Block will cover only Mawlai while the other block will cover the villages of Pynthor-umkhrah constituency, Nongthymmai constituency and some villages of Mawryngkneng constituency.
The ANMs shall submit to the Medical Officers who shall verify and send back to the Block Accountants, the Block Accountants to the District and the District to the State for the payment directly to the accounts of the ASHA workers. .All this process will be online and will be completed within 10 days.
Ravilesh Kymar also advised the staff at the stations to take all the necessary measures and works so that the movement of the trains is safe and free from any disruption.
Alexander Sorloth scored the second goal in the 40th minute and Alex Baena scored the third goal in the 50th minute to make it 3-2
This landslide near the tunnel in Sonapur has been happening from time to time especially during the rainy season and has caused disruption to the traffic of the people who pass through the tunnel. but from time to time with the initiative of the relevant authorities and NHAI, the soil and stones have been cleaned as soon as possible.
Scientists are currently trying to observe the celestial body until 2022 and it is expected that scientists will visit the celestial body in
The Incident at Bethany At such times, those in charge have to think more because how are there those who have entered Madanriting, Nongthymmai and elsewhere? No more soldiers or Government employees should be allowed to move around.
It is the kind of thing you went with the Father; but to others I have not sent.
On the other hand, Marcuise said that the party has had to use government land because it does not have private land.
These days, many health centers in Shillong have been busy to fulfill their duties to vaccinate many residents through the Urban Community Health Care Centers in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnongs.
The Secretariat Administration Department (SAD) has announced the temporary recruitment of 10 Office Assistants-cum-Stenographers. appointment of new members as decided at the meeting of all political parties on the Roster System.
On the other hand, these Rangbah Shnongs explained that this donation to the Adhaar photographers is to help the residents themselves to help with the fare from Shillong to Pynursla to visit the people especially During this time of the spread of Covid-19, this is because the vehicles are running even and odd and it is causing problems from their line.
Many of the rules and regulations that we have passed may not be counted or explained about this freedom but there are central laws that are not valid.
Shillong: Rangdajied United FC, one of the teams from Meghalaya, are ready to return to the I-League of the All India Football Federation (AIFF). after more than 10 years.
When it comes to synsar cultivation, it cannot be said that it is the easiest cultivation, because it is planted only once and it is not necessary to clean the sañium when the plant has grown, except after two or three years. Three years later, the roots had to be cut down, after harvesting and burned after six months, so that the plant would grow better.
If the department doesn't have employees for the light in Mawkyrwat, why doesn't it call a tender? There are many others who are willing to work.
This temple is more than 500 years old and in this temple used to perform funerals in ancient times.
“Let us not forget that it is this government which has violated the right to life of one of our brothers and sisters by shooting him dead in his bedroom in the midst of his illness,” he said.
One of the militants, who spoke in the video, also spoke English, in which he said that ISIS militants are now planning to attack Rome.
“There are many intelligent children in the North East, but they cannot be equal because of the lack of education”.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 1: Although the construction of the two lane road from Nongstoiñ-Rambrai-Chaygaon has pleased the people, but due to the rainy season, it has disrupted the traffic. of the residents especially in the transportation, illness and suffering.
The bridge of the devil's gate, which was not yet completed, showed that it was built by the bridge of the thma.
Dkhars from all over India, Bhutan, Sikkim, Tibet, Nepal5
If you count all the suloi in the District, there are thousands of them.
Does this mean that even if they have provided services across the state, they will have to close down just because they don't have that power? What will happen to the teachers, staff working in these colleges, who will employ them again? Who will take responsibility to pay the cost of construction of colleges? Doesn't this lead to borrowing money to run colleges? Does the policy allow children to come for one year, every two or three years? Do you want to help children? Is it possible to allow up to 7 years for children to complete their education? won’t it affect their job search year later? Who will be responsible if these half-failed students do not return to school? Of course, there are many things that students have the right to decide for themselves, but to wait until the point of completing a degree for so many years is no longer an education but an extension and a light to spread. teacher.
Voice of the People's Party (VPP) Leader Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit said that people should listen carefully from the beginning to the end of his speech in the Legislative Assembly before criticizing anything.
The value of the voters in those constituencies has now become public.
These health messages have been reviewed and updated by health experts and can be found on the ORB health website.
Lawsohtun SC earned 1 point after beating Umphyrnai SC in the first match while Smit SC lost 1-0 to Nongthymmai SC in the first leg. the game is over.
After winning the toss, the Tigers lost all wickets and scored only 165 runs but the team led by Sylvester Mylliempdah as captain did not allow the Eagles to bat. paid off by smashing all wickets for just 131 runs.
Other expenditure, if any, whether from any agency like NHM, other Directorates, did not go through me as DHS (MI) at that time,” he said.
So he hopes that the organization will find the right person.
The AITC Leaders promised that the next Government in the State will be “of the people of Meghalaya, by the people of Meghalaya and for the people of Meghalaya”.
On the dress code, he said that people today follow the dress code of Gandhi when he was in France, but they don't follow the dress code of boh khaila and slippers. you riam, when you come to India.
The Minister said that at present about 50% of the people in the state have been vaccinated and it is pleasant to know that every day about 10,000 people come to be vaccinated. .
During his visit, Sonowal also inspected the construction of Panchakarma Block and Pharmacology and Chemistry Lab at CARI Block.
I just covered my lips with anxiety and surprise as we tried to drive through the traffic jam and leave Shillong.
This ceremony was accompanied by the playing of the ksing ka dhah.
This is the 133rd Joint Boundary Conference.
It may be recalled that on 26th July 2013, the HNLC had called for a curfew.
Nongstoiñ, March 14 : Nonglang Village in West Khasi Hills District has been recognized by the Government as a model village in the state.
Earlier, Conrad said the power shortage was also due to the loss of two power plants, one is the Palangkata Power Project in Tripura, which has some bad parts and the The state has lost about 30MW of electricity from this project, as well as the loss of electricity from the Kupli Power Project which has lost about 20MW of electricity to the state.
Gurjar said they will also seek a report from the Meghalaya government on the failure to fully implement the employment policy for people with disabilities.
Of these three amendment bills, one is to amend the Indian Penal Code (CrPC) to the Indian Penal Code.
The salary increase will take effect from July
Shillong, Naiwieng, 17: The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday requested for a pending report on alleged offenses against MPs and MLAs in the State.
Before the ribbon cutting ceremony, a short meeting was held by PR Lamare, Waheh Shnong of Mihmyntdu Abul Phawa and Rev.D.S. The priest reminded of the three parts by saying that the beginning of the work should be done in the name of the Lord, the second by faith and the third by trusting in God.
“As the Forum, we clarify to the Government of Assam and the Government of Meghalaya that Mukroh and the scene of the shooting no longer fall under the jurisdiction of Jrikyndeng PS, Karbi Anglong, Assam.
Copy can be obtained from the office of the Returning Officer & Deputy Commissioner, District Council Election, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong. Beat House and office of the Block Development Officer, Mawphlang C&RD Block on working days.
At the same time, he said that recently, he had applied for a scheme from the central government to provide funds for the construction of the Council's tree plantation.
The route for the Senior Race (18 years and above) will be from the Parking Lot, Polo Ground – Polo Bazar – Lad Lawmali – Jaiaw Jingthangbriew – Jaiaw Mawbynna – Jaiaw St.Joseph – Jaiaw Pdeng – Lad Jaiaw Lansonalane – Jaiaw Shyiap – Riatsamthiah Presbyterian Church – Umsohsun Road – Sani Mandir (GS Road) – 9-Lad – Raj Bhavan – Barik – Dhanketi – Don Bosco Square – Shillong Commerce College – PGT College – B.K.Bajoria School – 4th Furlong – Polo Bazaar – Parking Lot, Polo.
FENUGREEK:- The presence of Galactomannan in these seeds improves the health of the blood pressure, while the high potassium content in them helps to control blood pressure and blood pressure.
“There are many Lyngdoh clans in Khasi and Jaintia Hills, and therefore it is necessary to use the Thabah clan, so as not to mislead and to avoid causing misunderstanding in the census, " he said.
She said that sports is also one of the ways to free people from many kinds of evils especially to free them from drugs, alcohol and other alcoholic beverages. they spend time and focus on sports activities they will not have time to do bad things because their minds are pale.
It has also been directed that people should be banned from visiting and coming to those farms where the disease is present.
He said that this has created a lot of problems for the children in the state.
He recalled that in 1994 there was only one Khasi youth who was included in the Top 10 General List and the party started giving this award to this youth and in 2005 it empowered them. units and units to be established in their areas of operation.
He said that when there is peace, the people can attend various meetings and the children can go to their schools.
Nongstoiñ, June 12: Leaders of FKJGP Rambrai Circle on Tuesday met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills to seek clarification regarding the start of land clearing in Mawlangria, a place where The Deputy Commissioner, Bah D.Marweiñ, has sent a letter to Mawïawtep village, which is about two kilometers from Rambrai Mawdoh road. MCS to visit the site to inspect and provide information inside his office.
The People Democratic Party (PDF) in Mawhati confirmation ceremony was held at Mawpat village in Mawhati Constituency. in PDF Stone Zone.
There was also a man trapped inside a vehicle and efforts to rescue him were ongoing at the time of writing.
“I have received information that people are demanded money by armed groups but they don't come to me, they inform the MLA or MDC leaders,” said Paiem Miwel.
These are the signs of the last days when there will be no peace.
There are employees of the SDSEO Nongstoin office who clean up those who need it by mistake, while during the lockdown days they show their gratitude by preaching on YouTube channel.
Jammu, July 06 : About 1900 government offices have been installed with solar plants in Jammu and Kashmir office buildings and a target has been set to install about 20,000 government buildings soon. by the end of November 2025.
He said the government will wait for the decision of the court on this issue.
He said that these four wheelers with government number plate ML-01 have only private insurance and if there is a tragic incident who will be responsible for the passengers.
When asked about the name of Dr WR Kharlukhi, the President of the party in the state, who has refused to contest the only MP seat from Meghalaya, Tynsong said. There is no refusal yet, as the party has not yet discussed the name of this man.
Mawpdang Sports Club in collaboration with Mawpdang Youth Association will hold the 'Mawpdang Sports Club Inter-house Football 2023' which will start on the 1st June 2023 at Mawpdang Football Ground. Japanese.
“This does not mean that students will no longer take English subjects or subjects in their own language, because our future generations should learn Hindi and should also know the original language. middle".
He has lived in the United States in New York for more than 10 years and during these 10 years he has spent time studying and working.
On this issue , he said that the time has come for the Rangbah Shnongs , the law enforcement agencies and the public to work together and conduct various programs to raise awareness that the illegal logging of the hills Forests are an act against the environment and society.
The answer is difficult and difficult, because the police have found it difficult to arrest, despite the fact that from time to time they have continued to work hard to arrest people. who came to smuggle drugs in this state.
The increased security came after an MLA from West Karbi Anglong threatened not to allow the people to vote in the border area during the MLA elections in Meghalaya.
On this occasion, the 4th U Woh Tep Kyndait Memorial Academic Award was awarded to the students from Mookhep, Wapungskur, Wapung Shnong, Tuber Kmai Shnong and Tuber Shohshrieh.
Shillong, November 28: On the night of the 24th, while the people were waiting for the time of the incarnation of Jesus Christ, the night turned into a sad night. On that night, the statue of Jesus, which was set inside the iit at Kjat Shnong, Mawlai Phud muri, was stoned by robbers who died of illness. and the sight of the image of Jesus was painful.
Before reaching Rongiangphong, we had to pass through a small village, which had only 15-20 houses.
Instead of providing accurate readings for all households, it will help to deliver the money to the purpose of the department and not by changing meters to increase the bill light.
Bah Samlin also congratulated the contractor for completing the school on time as all the teachers have been conducting school at the ICDS building which has caused a lot of problems due to the overcrowding.
Without this spirit no nation can survive long and survive on earth because they do not have or lack the spirit of service and dedication.
The main objective of this collection is to bring about a clean environment and to instill in the minds of the children the importance of maintaining cleanliness.
They were identified as Mozid Ali, Abdul Baten and Abdul Rashid. The owner of the park was Allauddin Marak from Riangdim.
Before the release of the Final Electoral Roll, there will be a special campaign from 13.11.2021 to
hap siew not shad.
Meanwhile, Bernita R. Marak, General Secretary, ACHIK Crime Council, said that the Legislative, Executive and Judicial departments will function for six months once Tura is made the capital.
However, the magisterial inquiry is ongoing and it will not take long to submit the report,” he said.
Gogoi, who is the Chairman of the Screening Committee, said all the Congress candidates are ready to contest the election.
Jowai, Lber 03: The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District, on receiving information that some groups have come in front of the DC's office in Jowai, The DM has imposed Section 144 CrPC to ban the gathering of people in front of the office.
Manipur will play against Meghalaya tomorrow and it will be decided which team will qualify as the bottom of the group and which will be the second place finisher.
On the occasion, Metbah said the party will discuss with the state government the demand for ILP and recognition of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​until it is achieved.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone Tynsong said he could never imagine that an MP who has won three times from Shillong Constituency would say such words to say that the Secretariat is Pretone said that if Bah Vincent H Pala wants to mislead the people of the state by saying that the Secretariat is indeed the cremation ground of mentuh, he should tell them that how can he say that, but the Secretariat is the temple of development and the Secretariat is the heart and brain of the state.
After being welcomed at the NPP headquarters, they accompanied the candidate to the filing of nomination papers before the Returning Officer at the Deputy Commissioner's office.
The total number of cases so far has risen to 2,492, of which 1,721 are from East Khasi Hills and 1,682 are civilians.
The KSU has requested the students to submit their mark sheets before 13th December 2020 or phone the Education Secretary-7
It is only when economic development comes that tourism grows and when tourism grows, the income of the country also grows.
These measures will help increase the income of farmers, strengthen traditional and organic farming methods, improve soil fertility and at the same time ensure food security. ," said Dr. Mansukh Mandaviya, Union Minister in charge of Chemicals and Fertilizers and Health and Family Welfare, while addressing an online meeting with the Ministers in charge of Agriculture and Rural Development. to the Union Territory.
They have a strong battery, They have a lyndan; They hold the rule in their hands, In the blood of the 'lei-sansnem! No one listens to them!The wealth of the world and the glory,They put first;
Heads of state, especially the leaders of the country, hold a special program to celebrate this day with the children.
Earlier, he came in January.
Veterinary hospitals, dispensaries and clinics are not allowed to sell medicines.
And the water was in the form of a cup in my hand, and I ate it: and I took the water that was in the cup out of my bosom, and swallowed it up. leaf and became part of the body of that tree, then all these changes could have happened in just one hour of time.
In the teachers' competition, Jaiaw Presbyterian Higher Secondary School won the first prize.
He said that if he is elected as an MDC, his mission is to strengthen the uniqueness of the jaitbynriew by giving jait to women and he will fight for this to be made a law. He also said that there should be a law, he also spoke about the laws for the forest.
Ambernath United beat United SC Kolkata 4-3 in the first leg of the tournament on the same day. in the I-League.
The union has lodged a complaint at this check point against a vehicle carrying illegal lyntang on the 21st of this month.
The presence of such shops in the village will affect the Khasi.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, u Bah Adelbert Nongrum, began his speech by reminding all that the present belongs to the past but we are not the present. you're mystery.
Speaking to reporters, Meghalaya BJP President Ernest Mawrie said that Modi will arrive by helicopter from Upper Shillong at 11 am and by car to Jhalupara. only State Central Library.
You don't have any diseases that you can get.
He said that Bangladeshi leaders have threatened these secret members with large sums of money including new vehicles in order to carry out terrorist activities through IED bombs. still going on.
“Finally, we strongly request your honor to exercise the authority and powers entrusted to you for the smooth running of justice and to issue any appropriate orders,” she said. The letter was signed by the Minister of Hima Mylliem.
