Many people are more familiar with this position by now.
The order was issued on the 14th of this month due to the current situation in Manipur and also on the request received from the parents of the students and government officials.
May this Behdieñkhlam this year bring blessings to the village, the Raij Jowai and also to the nation as a whole especially during this difficult time of the spread of the disease.
Binay Bhusan Das MLA was elected as the interim Speaker of the Tripura Legislative Assembly.
“We have already sent the names of the people to become ksiang to the Central Government but I don't want to say whom we have selected, because this matter is still in the hands of the Central Government. “The name cannot be accepted by the Central Government and the State Government,” he said.
It is worth mentioning that the issue of registration of voters has become a hot topic in these days, and it started from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hill where the KSU has visited the office. There has been a temporary clash between the KSU leaders and the police in front of the DC's office. because of this issue.
The same incident happened a few months ago when the KJP Girls Higher Secondary School in Mission Compound collapsed and the fire brigade could not reach the scene. rung because the road is too narrow.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, James Ban Basaiawmoit, former EM in charge of Labour, said that he will urge the EC to introduce uniforms. Christmas.
In the past, they knew first the knowledge of man and without doubt (automatically) it would come to the knowledge of God.
As Mizoram is still waiting for the relief from the central government, the state government has started raising funds as part of the relief to more than 12,200 people who have come from the state. Manipur has been severely affected by violence and bloodshed, said a government official from the Home Department.
After the explanation, there was also a discussion and explanation to the farmers by the expert officers who came.
The match ended in a draw without anyone scoring a goal.
He expressed his desire to make Meghalaya the capital of domestic wine production and expressed his hope to achieve this goal in collaboration with all stakeholders.
The reason why these leaders of Baridua Village have met and lodged a complaint with the DC and SP of Ri Bhoi, is after they found that the Chancellor of USTM, because he did not respect them. The Chancellor has not complied with the orders of the village and the state government on the curfew in relation to the movement of people from one state to another. I'm from Assam, I'm from Hatigoan.
Leaders of the RBYF Umsning, led by Samla Balakmenlang Nongbri, General Secretary of the RBYF, together with members including Henreyjoe Marngar, Sheriff Shylla, Andrew Nengnong and Pherdinand Thangkiew have met with the officials of Meghalaya Apex and Meghalaya Rural Bank, where they demanded that they should install ATM machines. The people of Umsning area.
HYC for the good deeds in the society of the Khasi peopleWell done HYCMih Forward to the future of the Khasi people.
Thank you so much.
The meeting will be held at Tura Circuit House at 11:30 pm.
“We are shocked by the misleading behavior of Bah Vincent Pala and Bah Manstudy by misleading the people.
Also present were the District Sports Officer, school teachers, members of the East Jaintia District Sports Association and grassroots coaches from the DSO office of the district.
It is also true that we still hate that foreigner or that other nation or that Dkhar lyngkien and that we cannot live without his property.
Gaza: Israel has bombed an ambulance in eastern Gaza, killing 15 people, the Gaza health ministry said. car, they were killed and 60 others were injured.
In a meeting with another Syiem Raij, it was reported that the Dorbar of 14 Raijs of Bhoi District has ordered against the Dorbar Shnongs demanding commission from foreign land sellers and buyers.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 1,2
On Tuesday, 1,135 people died, on Tuesday, 1,141 people died.
The rules under this scheme are that under this scheme people will be allowed to cut wood for use in the field of shet ka tiew. forest land, no cultivation, no cultivation of syrti and no mining of any mineral resources from the forest. responsibility for three decades.
The Minister of Civil Defense and Home Guards, Bah Comingone Ymbon, said that the Home Guard is a voluntary organization and the employment of them is only when necessary. completely.
The first title was won by Dapborlang Lyngkhoi, second by Marthong, third by Rickyson Khardum, best combo athlete by Robert Lyngdoh and youngest by Robert Lyngdoh. Maitshaphrang Wahlang It is to be recalled that as part of the efforts to encourage the youth to avoid bad habits, the youth of New Nongstoiñ, have come forward to organize sports activities. la tip as Nongstoin Youth Calesthenic.
Nongpoh MLA Mayral Born Syiem was the chief guest and Nongpoh MDC Balajied Rani, K.Kharshandi, Rangbah Umryngksai Village and also included the leaders of the Rasong Village Organization.
“Referring to the incident ha Mukroh, Bah Sohshang said that it is shocking to know that people in uniform with weapons have to wait for the order when the flood comes. whole”.
On Monday, 4 new cases, 22 recoveries and the total number of confirmed cases in the state has risen to
After these societies have done what is necessary, he said, the money will reach the districts and from the districts it will be delivered to the C&RD Block and from the Block the money will be delivered to the people.
“If there are any issues that the members want to raise, we have decided to reduce them in the current dorbar but we will accept them in the next dorbar,” he said.
Kynjai Para I on Saturday won the title of the Tiger Five Football Tournament organized by the Chilliangraij Sports and Youth Affairs Committee.
The names of Meghalaya's players for the Vinoo Mankad Trophy are Shubham Rasaily, Kshitij Singhania, Avinash Rai, Lensbirth N Marak, Rituraj Rabha, Angkit Tamang, Shahin Alome, Shavian Blah, Banialam J Mylliemngap, Josiah D Wanniang. The standbys are Thunun R Marak, Justin Fancon, Ferando BM Sangma and Dipankar Barua.
A case has been registered at Khliehriat Police Station under the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing.
“However, unfortunately, the students have not received what they deserve and the reason is that this college does not have the necessary facilities and cannot provide excellent education,” he said. There are 23 demands to the government, but nothing has been done yet”.
In this regard, the union urges the state government to take action to start the construction of these check posts, because through the availability of check posts to check those entering and leaving the country. The state will also reduce the illegal influx of mynder into the state, he added.
However, the police have clarified that they have not banned the screening of the film but they just want to see the quality of the film before it is released.
At the same time, the Home authorities also send their gratitude to the Chief Minister who donated the vehicle which is a great blessing to all the residents of the home.
The shortage of Trading Licenses issued by the council is due to the lack of proper implementation of the Trading by Non-Tribals Act-2011,” said AJYWO leader U. MH Dkhar and added that many foreigners without license come to trade within the boundary of the council, but due to the lack of Taxation Department JHADC, the revenue that the council should have received has been released. outside my plate.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Bipul Thangkhiew who said that the purpose of the tournament is to celebrate and remember the day when Ri Bhoi get your own District.
He said the party has not decided on the prime ministerial candidate as this will be after the election.
He said that on the one hand, while the Panchayati Raj, the village rule in the north has a special place under the Article of the Constitution of India, here in Meghalaya, the traditional rule does not appear clearly in the Constitution of India.
Parshottam Rupala – Minister of State in the Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare9.
Bah Martle N Mukhim said that time has passed quickly and many changes have taken place and he reminded that in the past Government officials did not want to come to Mawkynrew but now they have started flocking from all over. around to visit it.
The people of Meghalaya should answer the BJP so that it can see that we should not be threatened by the BJP,” said Bah Pala.
On this basis, the party will not hesitate to take stronger measures by calling for a strike.
China, on the other hand, has always claimed that Taiwan is part of its territory in the past and will take it back when it does. please don't do that.
To send Khasi to school to read a,b,k,d, e,g,... is like wasting time and energy.
However, he struggled to reach the top of the mountain.
Shillong: “I congratulate Madam Soniaji for appointing me as the President of the MPCC,” said Ma Vincent Pala, the new President of the Congress party in the state, at a ceremony to honor him today. Shillong, which was broadcast on the video channel of T7
“I don't know why the children are so bad,” said the 80-year-old mother.
At the same time, he clarified that the allegation that the police did not write and reject the complaint when the family members of the child came to inform, is not true but there was only a proper arrangement for the case. ejaculation.
Speaking to reporters, O'Brien said BJP leaders including Narendra Modi and Amit Shah have come to campaign in West Bengal and followed the schemes of the TMC. These schemes have been implemented in West Bengal and implemented throughout India.
According to information received by Rupang, the package 5 of the road from Umsyiem to Tamabil Dawki is about 7.9 km long.
Shillong: The CBC has organized a three-day Photo Exhibition Outreach Activity to mark the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsava at NIT Meghalaya, Shillong.
Nick Emery reportedly brought his webcam with him because he distributed too many toilets after the meeting went on for a long time.
AIS SujaAfter God cast Lucifer out of heaven, Lucifer became Satan.
The members of the Bar Association unanimously said that this action is incompatible with the responsibilities of these lawyers and said that it is not just a violation of the rights of valuable and empowered by the Constitution but it is also a violation of the foundations of a clear society.
It has also been decided to completely eliminate the smuggling of pata kyaid in Iewduh, pla smugglers or mentuh, said the CEM. The market does not bring plastic bags.
He said that the erection of the statue by the Young Minds is not only a spectacle but also to encourage the youth and the elderly in the district and the state as a whole that poverty cannot prevent a person from Dr DD Lapang has faced many challenges until he became a leader in the district and the state as a whole.
We don't build without a purpose or knowing how to use them.
The renewal fee is T.1000, so all teams or clubs are encouraged to renew their affiliation for
According to a statement issued by TS Shangrit Chairman and Donald Nongsiang Secretary, the union said that the protest came after they saw the tender issued by UCIL on the 2nd of this month. Through Tender Notice No.UCIL/KPM/MEGHALAYA-002 signed by Shri PN Sarkar General Manager (Open-pit) Turamdin Mine PO Sundernagar District East Singhbhum, Jharkhand inviting companies to mine this material.
When God had finished creating the woman (Eve), Adam said, 'This is now bone of my bones, and flesh of my flesh; she shall be called Woman. Genesis 2:23.
At least in November we will complete the construction of the Legislative Assembly and the inspection of the construction will be completed at the end of April this year and at least in November opened this new dorbar, said the Lamphang.
Italian police have launched an investigation into the deaths of 190 elderly people in nursing homes during the coronavirus outbreak.
It is to be recalled that such an incident happened in 2016 when the GTC troops stopped the people who used to pass through the checkpoint.
One group wants to dig the 2 lane road and the other group is against the 2 lane road from Nongstoin-Wahkaji-Mawthabah.
He urged the Government to set up these health centers in all areas from District, Sub-Division and Block levels.
The FKJGP Malki Circle at the same time has asked the Dorbar Shnong Malki, what to do if it finds that these shopkeepers are illegally keeping these foreign workers inside the shops in Malki Market. not holy, the Khasi market is new.
He said the election issues to be prepared are related to the state, the region and the country as a whole.
There are many people on earth.
Speaking on behalf of the family, Bah Dislar Kharryngki expressed his special gratitude to the TULBA for doing this good deed for the poor. , who are suffering because today as a group they have completed the construction of this house and handed over to Kong Jantina Sohlang to use for her residence.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that many of the farmers are facing problems in terms of lack of timely access to seeds, lack of marketing opportunities, lack of storage facilities. He said that the farmers need support and assistance in many areas and on the other hand, the lack of scientific information to the farmers. The Government is still looking into the provision of assistance to the farmers.
" There are those who read thousands without thinking that when they have finished reading they don't remember anymore.
“The use of drugs is very dangerous and poses a threat not only to the community and the spread of drugs has increased,” he said. Wahumkhrah due to the presence of vehicles parked at night.
“Ma KS Suchieng said that all the waste from the new plant will cause more pollution because even now the water wells are no longer suitable for use because these companies do not have STP. He said the construction of the new plant will affect the sound effects.
Regarding the water supply in the areas of the PHE dam at Moopiah, the 'Khooid Ya Ka Wah Myntud' has demanded that the soil should be cleaned up to provide water to the people. that the people should be clean.
The union will also seek the truth about the Transit Pass of the KHADC, as recently even Bah Hadrian Lyngdoh, EM incharge of Market has opposed the allegation that the KHADC is involved in collecting taxes from the cow market. , he added.
Meanwhile, Mawlangwir Sports Club beat Mawranglang Sports Club 2-0
Of the 1,147 deaths in India, Maharashtra has 459 deaths, Gujarat 214, Madhya Pradesh 137, Delhi 59, Rajasthan 58, Uttar Pradesh 39, West Bengal 33 and Andhra Pradesh 31 deaths.
Pakistan's 16-man squad, led by Babar Azam, will prepare for two Test matches in Sri Lanka which will also be the opening match. The team's journey in the fourth round of the ICC World Test Championship.
These religious wars, conflicts, bloodshed and many others have been milestones in the history of mankind.
“We understand that it is not easy to prevent the deterioration of roads as Meghalaya receives the highest rainfall per year.
Therefore, when we talk about recognition and others, we mean the amendment of the Sixth Schedule and all the provisions included in it.
“However, I insist that we are opening the way and urge them to return to the peace talks, we also want lasting peace and therefore we insist that they should come to the talks,” he said. he said.
Shillong: BJP leader Bah AL Hek has said that if he continues to ignore the demands of the JAC, there will be a stronger protest against the VC. The Lok Sabha elections from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency have been nominated for ticket.
In the evening of that day, his wife did not want to sleep at home, and went to sleep in a neighbour's house.
According to Bah Augustine Wahlang, the incident happened at 11 pm last night, when he was going to park his car nearby.
After the suspension, Pastor Pyrtuh will no longer be able to preach or baptize and also to perform the duties of the Synod.
He said that at present the President of the UDP cannot decide anything, the UDP leaders cannot say anything, how can they run the electricity department because the electricity department is a difficult department. Compare the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare which they cannot manage properly now.
Referring to the shortage of electricity in the state, the Minister said he would meet with the Chairman of NTPC to discuss some of the power plants in the state.
She said the State Government is ready in the health centers and has taken measures to prevent the spread of the disease as it has spread in previous years.
The following are the UDP leaders and office bearers who have left the party:
The number of hospitals increased to 10,000 from 761 in 1973-7
General Secretary, MH Dkhar, today announced that in the coming months, the Seiñ Kur Dkhar District will honor the students who have passed in the Top 20 in the Class Examination. -X and Class-XII or any examinations in their grades, equivalent to Class-X and Class-XII, which are examinations recognized by any State Government or the Government of India. .
“However, the people understand that there is no need to fight politics and the Congress party should accept the decision of the people, that they have elected the MDA Government to rule for five years and we will complete this. you have worked for three years"
On the duties of Bah Pynshngain as CEM, Bah Paul said he does not want to criticize because it is too early, where the term of office of MDC is still two years, but he said. There are some things that Bah Pynshngain has won and many things that he has lost.
It is impossible to say how many times when we see evil deeds in the newspapers or on television, we hear only the talk of violence between fellow human beings and the scent that comes out of their mouths. that works badly.
The Committee has given two months to the SP of Ribhoi to investigate and take necessary action on the complaints and lodge a complaint against all these incidents according to the law.
This year, the celebration of the International Day of Persons with Disabilities, 2023 will be under the theme, “A Day For All”.
Therefore, don't just put in writing or speech to say, “The road is the source of income, while it is not yet anything”.
The sad thing is that when the people go to meet with various departments for roads, water supply, medicines, schools, etc.
Shillong, March 7: About 500 people attended a meeting of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District today.
However, thieves are also terrible in that they too are innovating and looking for ways and means how to steal the money and property of others without having to spend too much of their own money. for.
"That's enough," agreed the mother. "Don't say that I'm ashamed," said the son in a soft voice. "Marchborn, Marchborn ale khun" called the mother. "Shaid" laughed at his brothers. "Ha ... ha ... ha" laughed followed by Marchborn who used to call tamsneng. I am glad that I have received it.
" said Bah Gideon Kharkongor.
There are democracies in which the people have the right to recall any leader who has done anything wrong or has done anything that the people do not like that leader to do.
Infrastructure : the infrastructure is the infrastructure; The foundation is the village of rijied that has been planted for a long time.
Under the G20 framework, while India aims to demonstrate its commitment to developing resources for tourism development, the Government of Mizoram has also started developing resources by invest in the expansion and modernization of the airport and roads to enhance transportation opportunities to tourist destinations and also to harder to reach areas.
MRI and X-Ray machine at Civil Hospital not working.
I am grateful to the leaders and teachers in the past years who have worked with me,” said Bah Shadap in a statement.
“What defense would you give, you have red marks on you, you should feel ashamed.
At the beginning of the curfew in Garo Hills, although there were no tragic incidents, there were other incidents of stone throwing near Tura Government College.
The final will be played on the 04th July, 2022 at 2 pm between Mawkyrwat Sports Association and Rangjadong Sports Club.
The Seng will not allow, and it doesn't matter if it reaches where it reaches,” he added.
On the day of commemoration of those who gave their lives in the attack on Parliament on November 13, 2001, two residents of the Lok Sabha They threw their seats on the lympung where the MPs were sitting and threw tyndong lyer and the lyer that came out was stem.
This was announced by the General Secretary of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, Bah Finley L. Pariat. players do not give information before the time.
Bam Jingbam lajong:The medicine is found in the food we eat every day.
Nongstoiñ: Two goat herders have found the body of a young woman who was found dead in a forest on the outskirts of Mawiawet village in West Khasi Hills.
Even if they are from outside the state, the police from our state can help to confirm.
Traffic jam in Shillong is a problem that the residents are still suffering from.
"He is a member of the party, we have to find him, because it is surprising to be like this where he is missing or if there is someone who is in trouble, we have to seek help from the police, we are worried where he is. Don , Please don't hesitate to contact us. If you are a politician in KHADC, please contact us. If you have any questions, please contact us. “If he doesn't want to, he doesn't have to do that because we as party leaders can't just let our man disappear like this,” said Bah Pangniang.
He expressed the need for the ADCs of the area to work together in this regard to have a modern land management system.
This is also a time when parents have to become friends with their children so that it can bring closeness.
During the test, people can receive emergency alerts on their mobile phones.
Shillong, Nailur 24: Ka KHNAM has announced that it has invited applications from all candidates who intend to contest the upcoming MDc elections.
DH Pde, Chairman School Managing Committee explained the importance of planting trees from time to time as part of the environment.
Shillong: The Public Account Committee (PAC) of the Legislative Assembly, headed by Charles Pyngrope MLA from Nongthymmai Constituency, has ordered the Transport Department of the State Government to inform the state government. No, what it has done to recover the money of T.152.56 crore and this work should be completed within three months.
Prof. (Dr) Nalin Mehta, Director of NEIGRIHMS, congratulated the team of doctors, including Dr. Sumit Kumar, Dr. Deiwakor Chyrmang, and others who took part in this event. a successful treatment approach.
Shillong, March 19: The Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, today informed that the works on the construction of the Ropeway have progressed well and the Expression of Interest will be called in November. EOI).
When searching his baggage, police seized powder, which was found to be heroin.
Statement by the President of HFU Thadlaskein Block.
Sabahmuswang opened the scoring through Dayo Shylla in the 42nd minute and Lakhon Dhar scored the second goal in the 47th minute.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The Department of Agriculture, Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that it is necessary to examine the products that are ready to be brought to the market especially at the market in Khanapara, R-Bhoi district.
In this ceremony at 'basa die tympew', a fourth female cow was led first and then a white female goat was slaughtered.
The temporary employees of the PWD also sent a letter to Dr. Mukul Sangma to express that this sudden dismissal which was only verbally informed to them has been implemented only in Lum Khasi and Jaintia Hills while in Lum Khasi and Jaintia Hills Garo all the temporary workers are still doing their jobs.
Among those arrested were Binod Singhi, brother of BJP MLA Ashok Singhi and Anish Baid, Director of Shree Gautam Constructions. Latiful Pasha, Engineering Manager, NPCC, from Jalpaiguri, followed by Dharmendra Kumar, Ramesh Kumar and Sunil Kumar from Delhi.
Explaining why he voted for the TMC, Bah Mawkordor said that the reason is because he sees that it is the only party that stands for the poor, the workers, the farmers. the Party also stands for the protection of the minorities of India.
This was stated in a statement signed by Lok Sabha MP Vincent H Pala and sent by the Personal Assistant of the MP, Md Azeem.
“Let Mukul continue to do politics, let us do our job for the welfare and strengthening of GHADC,” said Conrad, who is one of the former ministers in the MPA government. earlier.
State government authorities have declared a public holiday today due to heavy and persistent snowfall.
He urged the residents to change their minds and do something for the sake of development.
These incidents have upset and upset the students as well as the public,” said Bah Jyrwa.
Shillong: Students who are waiting for their matric results this year have received their results this morning after the MBOSE released the results of their examination.
John Janai Khardewsaw scored the first goal for Mylliem Grass Root in the 55th minute.
The 19-year-old has agreed to a contract that runs until
Speaking to media, Bah Sadon Blah said that since the appointment of him as the ksiang, there have been meetings between the leaders of the party, where the hard work has been done. Peter Dkhar has also contributed a lot in this regard.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma was the chief guest in the presence of the Minister of C&RD, Bah Hamletson Dohling and the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Kyrmen Shylla.
Shillong: Shillong received 30.5mm of rainfall today, according to the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD).
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Hamlet congratulated the players especially the coaches who have worked hard day and night to select the players to participate in the tournament.
The Word of God has now told us about the last days which began after the Apostles until now, and we do not know how many years will pass before the 7 years of great tribulation will come upon the whole world.
In his speech, he said that his purpose in participating in this meeting is to show that he is now in the TMC party and another is to encourage and motivate the people to They will support the candidacy of Bah Sounder Strong Cajee for the post of Leader through the victory of the people in the MLA Election 2023 by ensuring that they will no longer elect the leader by the traders but will elect the leader. who smokes.
The Government of India is also preparing to allocate special funds as part of the curb the sudden increase in goods in India due to the curfew as part of the fight against the Corona virus.
He said that tens of thousands of Khar Nongbylla have fled the scene, although there are still some of them who are still in Jaintia Hills and these are those who have lost their homes. young family.
In the past few months, Ma Bamon, has joined the BJP, but he is doubtful that he will not get a ticket from the party, after the joining of four MLAs to the party. They include Robinus Syngkon, the recently resigned MLA of Mookaiaw.
Sabira, who already has two children, one aged 8 and the other four, said Sabira and her husband Ibrahim, 40, after the birth of their 5 Four children were rushed to the hospital for emergency treatment, and the hospital authorities released them to go home.
Donkupar is also the Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
“We would like to urge the government to take steps, not to review the Roster but to review the Reservation Policy which has been in place for 50 years and to do its best not to affect the Roster. “The Khasi, Jaintia and Garo according to the Constitution of India and according to the Reservation Policy should be according to the population of those ethnic groups in the state,” he said.
This is the picture, which was posted in connection with the election program in Lunglei, Mizoram, which was held today.
“After the counting of votes after the election, it was found that Samran Sing Syiem did not receive any votes, Bah Pynshailang Syiem did not receive any votes, Bah Banteilang Syiem did not receive any votes, Bah Mansan Manik did not receive any votes. Syiem also did not receive any vote and only Bah Ainam Manik Syiem won the election with 31 voters,” said the EM Elaka.
This is a fearful faith in God, not a foolish or hypocritical faith, nor is it against God.
These are the things which afflict the nation; which increase poverty and which push our people to the background in many areas such as education and employment.
On the other hand, Bah Joe Bareh said that at such times we should not look at people but as human beings we should help each other without looking at each other and the most important thing is to remember to pray to God.
According to the complaint of the Sutnga Village Authority, on the 26th of June, the day before the polling day at 9:15 pm, the VDPs were on duty as usual. They found that these people were distributing money to the people and when the VDP went to fight, Monlister Pdang seized a pistol and his friends seized a knife and sticks from the Gypsy. At that time, the Rangbah Shnong said that there was a clash and there was also a crowd but these people fled. fled and left their vehicle in the village.
The Minister said that the age restriction from 18-21 years is only for the police, those working in the Forest and Environment, Excise and Home Guard departments as the job requires strong physical strength. .
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Wanseng Jyrwa, Working President UDP Mawlai, Bah Roveno Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong Bah P. Majaw who conducted the meeting and others.
He gave an example that we have to rely on foreigners to invest in our state so that we can fill the unemployment gap among the youth in the state.
The Leader of the Opposition and Congress Legislative Party (CLP) in the Legislative Assembly, Dr Mukul Sangma, has attended two Congress programs including the reception of members of the Congress Legislative Party (CLP). The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) has not been able to take over the posts of Bah RG Lyngdoh, Bah Pynshngain Syiem and others. The world is in the state of Meghalaya.
On the issue of the ILP, the inclusion of the Khasi Language in Article 8 of the Constitution and the Amendment Bill of the MRSSA, he said that Bah Tynsong has informed the party that the Government in the Dorbar The Cabinet of Ministers led by Conrad K. Sangma will meet with the Prime Minister, Union Home Minister and others. Ministers to remind and follow up on these issues pending with the Government of India.
“Last year, the price was T.34-40 per kilo but now it has increased to T.60 per kilo,” he said.
Furthermore, the EJNC leader also expressed his concern regarding the delay in the construction of the Musiang Building which has started since
The recently implemented project will generate up to 160KW of electricity at Azara Campus and 160KW at Tapesia Campus.
According to the residents of Ryngud village, the rain has been falling heavily all day long in which the rivers have flooded and the streams have flooded until even the waterfalls have appeared in many places.
According to CSWO leader Jenny Sangma, the petition, filed by the government's lawyer, said that David's family has approached the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills to demand an inquiry into the incident. to the people involved in this matter.
Shillong: Perkseh SC beat Mawsawrit SC 2-0 in the Women's League of TASA today. .
He continued to serve as MP from Shillong Constituency in 1967, 1971, 1984 and so on before his death.
The fare for autorickshaws will be 14 tyngka for 1 kilometer and 6 tyngka for each subsequent kilometre. The fare for local taxis will be 26 tyngka for 1 kilometre. kilometer and 13 tyngka per subsequent kilometre, while the fare for tourists will be 18 tyngka per 1 kilometer and for sumos the fare will be 2.05 per head per person per 1 kilometre. kilometers.
The new cases include EGH: 02 (Others), EJH: 13 (Others), EKH: 272 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force-02, Others-270), NGH: 09 (Others), RBD : 48 (Others), SGH: 02 (Others), SWGH: 03 (Others), SWKH: 01 (Others), WGH: 23 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –03, Others–20), WJH: 31 (Others) and WKH: 04 (Others).
The parking lot, which is run by the Shillong Municipal Board, has two exits and entrances, one on the right and one on the left.
Other MLAs who took part in the condolence ceremony include Paul Lyngdoh, Ardent Basaiawmoit, Metbah Lyngdoh, Dr Jemino Mawthoh, Roshan Warjri, Ampareen Lyngdoh, HDR Lyngdoh, Dr RC Laloo and Rowel Lyngdoh.
“As for me, I have lost my age to jump from one tree to another and I have joined the Congress party because I trust in the principles of the party,” said Lyngdoh.
Harmeet Dhillon, a lawyer for Donald Trump, congratulated Trump for the payment she received by pleading her case.
Thus, in Fiji there are Indians who are also well paid and contribute to the income of the country.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 17: U Dr. Mukul Sangma, former Chief Minister and Leader of the Opposition, today visited Tyrsoh for the election campaign rally of the TMC party. TMC candidate Dr. Saralin Dorphang from Mawhati Constituency.
On 19th November 2018, Doctor of S cre mit S Comtee Rangbah H. S Comtee, Se Bar H.
Applicants must be Individual Volunteers in Village Groups (SHGs) and Co.
Damut Bang is one of those accused of killing Solomon Rymbai, a member of the HITO.
Speaking on the occasion, the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Arun Kumar Kembhavi, urged the teachers to be trained every day so that they can teach better the children.
The FASToM has taken this decision after the State Government has not given any commitment regarding the demand to upgrade the Adhoc Schools to Deficit Status.
However, the resignation of the Congress leader from the post of Symbud Myntri Rangbah to the Chief Minister has upset the Congress leader and he has now announced to his supporters that although he has been resigned, He said that if he wins again in 2018, it will be a big power struggle within the party.
I don't think it has done anything good because the people should receive schemes from the central government but it hasn't done anything for the people,” he said.
South Africa, which has lost its place in the final of the tournament and is fourth in the table, will receive a cash prize of T.3.72 crore.
Sngap Syiem, on the other hand, won all four matches by beating Shillong College 1-0, Nabon Synod College 5-0 before beating Shillong College 5-0 St. Edmund's College beat St. Edmund's College 1-0
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Mawlai Constituency Progressive Forum (MCPF) has decided to work hard as much as possible to win the re-election of the incumbent MLA Bah Process T Sawkmie from Mawlai Constituency.
Disparsing, who is also the spokesperson of the Seng Khasi Mawsynram, said that his decision to reject the proposals of the HNLC is because the party has threatened the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma and because she also threatened to blow up the Congress Bhawan.
Other soldiers who died were Colonel Viplab Tripathy, Suman Swarglary, one of the soldiers, Khatnel Konyak, RP Meena and Shyamal Das.
:In the meeting between the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) and the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) held on 14th November 2023, they agreed to have a joint effort. not strongly between the two Councils.
Police have told the family members of the mother that as she was not seriously injured, they cannot arrest the BSF soldier. The BSF has been bombing the people in the market from time to time, but those who have been injured in the bombing by the BSF, will not hesitate to complain to the law enforcement authorities. because of fear.
One is from Jakrem – Ranikor Road (L = 38.520 KM), Bridge No.19/1 (Span = 7.20m), Bridge No.19/2 (Span = 7.20 m), ( Chainage at 19th Km), Bridge No.20/1 (Span = 9.20 m), (Chainage at 20th Km), Bridge No.20/2 (Span = 9.60m), (Chainage at 20th Km) and Bridge No, 21/1 (Span = 11.00 m), (Chainage at 21st Km).
From Umling to Nongpoh, the truck rises 2 to 5 m more and Mawblei 2 to 5 m less.
There are two members of the BJP in the current House, AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare and Sanbor Shullai, Chairman of the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC). chairman, Sanbor Shullai.
Japanese news reports said Kim was in critical condition after undergoing treatment for a high blood pressure.
Garo Hills is the stronghold of the NPP party and it is also the party in power not only in Meghalaya but also in GHADC for more than two years before the elections.
The bridge is about 5 minutes away on foot from Pynter and Nongshyrngan, and it takes about 15 minutes to climb back to the village.
Nongpoh: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Ri Bhoi District, has informed all those who have applied for the Written Test on the 27th and Personal Interview on the 29th of July, for the post of Staff Nurse under They were urged to undergo Home Quarantine for 10 days, while understanding their physical health.
Rynsun, young jhur jyrngam, pudina are among the vegetables that can control cholesterol levels in the body.
This is because it is the mother who fills and supports the whole household.
KSU General Secretary Donald V Thabah said that although the KSU has lost one member in the midst of the protest against the CAA, the KSU will not back down but this is the loss of a member. It will encourage the party to hold public meetings in places where there are more foreigners, no matter if it is in Ichamati.
There are also three categories in the Under-8, U-10 and U-12 categories and the total number of teams in these three categories is 24 and about 250 players. who took part.
The inhabitants of the kingdom were Khasi-Pnar, who lived in the hills and Bengalis, Hindus and Mahammedans, who lived in the north (Bangladesh) and were called The rulers of the Hima (Hima Shri Hatta) were people who came from the Brahmin family, their names as far as possible are as follows:- Kedareswar Dhaneswar Ray, Kandarpa Ray and Jayanta Ray, legends also say that King Jayanta Ray was the last ruler of the kingdom.
He said that any upheaval or overthrow of the government cannot bring about progress, change and development in the state.
They just ate the jhur and planted it in the plup plup.
He said that in the struggle to defend the country and the nation, it is no longer the era of strength only, but the era of showing intelligence.
The lack of attitude among parents to protect their children in the use of money.
According to him, the outage was due to the cleaning of the power transformers.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 05: The President of the VPP, Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, while speaking at a meeting in Nongpoh today, expressed his regret over the comments and posts by some people on social media. even his hands and his household.
According to her, the number of government-funded medical students in various institutions in the country has reached 1650, from 1995-96 to 2023-2
It does not mean that we should stop the Meghalaya Games just because of lack of funds because it will open up the future of the youth of the state.
“Only the House can decide whether to accept or reject the report,” said the CEM. At the same time, the CEM said that the EC cannot meet on Friday. You are not a member of the Executive Member.
In the 2001-02 season, he scored five half centuries in Ranji.
“When I was planning to contest the election, I had many thoughts whether I would be able to work but the opportunity opened with the guidance and presence of God and it was a blessing and I will continue to try to work. and serve to improve the constituency in the years to come so that it will be the most prominent constituency in the state,” he said.
“We are moving forward and it has succeeded but we need to follow the guidelines and not just do or talk to gain political power,” he said. “These incidents of misleading the people are during the elections and everyone has come to do good and help.
The truth seeks the truth and does not live with lies and all kinds of deceit.
The use of nano fertilizers in food production by farmers will help to achieve the benefits of environmentally friendly agriculture and also the security of food supply of 'HEALTHY BHARAT ".
(3) In the shop, the sons shall not be allowed to sit.
During the journey of this reporter today, it was found that this road has deteriorated and has become snow-covered.
“What kind of person doesn't explain your body?
C.Dkhar took 3 wickets in 6.3 overs.
Perhaps there are problems on the part of the government which cannot provide the funds, but as the leader of the state, I feel that we as a party will support the employees of MCCL that the government should bring The road map is that the employees of MCCL should not lose their food, should not lose their salaries and should receive their monthly salary according to the employees of MCCL. The government and the factory should also move forward to produce dewbilat so that it can earn more money to save the livelihood of the employees of MCCL,” said Bah Shangpliang.
“I urge the people when they build houses to think about how to get rainwater because this will help not only them but the government and even the environment.
Speaking to reporters, the DMHO said that the work is ongoing and he expects to complete the remaining works next month, such as the room. Dr Basaiawmoit expressed his satisfaction that the work has progressed in accordance with the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. State.
Bah Mawthoh said this will be the last project that the FFT will visit to see its implementation and condition.
Speaking to reporters, u Bah Sawkmie said, “The Executive Engineer PWD (Building) in charge of the work of Bah Ransom Sutnga should not blame the IIT Rorkee for drawing the drawing of this building. However, you should not send an investigation and submit a detailed and accurate Technical Report”.
On the other hand, the government has not only implemented the FOCUS scheme, but a few months after the implementation of the scheme, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, has also implemented the FOCUS+ scheme. five thousand tyngka to each household of farmers.
It may be recalled that recently, the residents of East Jaintia Hills, despite the lockdown, have protested against the allowance of coal trucks from Assam to smuggle coal into the area. The permission of trucks from Assam to import goods into the area will cause problems to the state as the corona virus is still rampant in Assam.
It is learned that these two men were in good health at the time of their release this evening and the release of these two men was after the police raided them. days, in parts of Wahthre, Dadu, Waso Dymmit, Daso, Dalbot, Awek, Chongbeng and Rangjam.
The order came after there was a poster and writing on the walls of people's houses and public places without permission. Those who violate this rule will be punished and the order will come into force immediately.
"The struggle will continue until the government implements the demands," he said.
"Said Bah Deng with a smile. "I'm afraid that a woman will come like that, I'll feel like she's just talking to me..." Lano said.
She added that the Sohra area as a whole has many employment opportunities through the establishment of homestays, guest houses, hotels as well as restaurants, bakeries and others.
They are actually protecting the border with Bangladesh.
“We have many people who can take over the post of Prime Minister,” said Pala.
These office bearers were confirmed by Bah Luistar Lyngdoh President of FKJGP North Khasi Hills District in the presence of Samla Banroy Wahlang, Assistant Information Secretary, Bah Noah Kongstid. , other members of the party and the elders of the area.
“In Jaintia, when the election is held, people ask Kat Wan klur Em u (which means how many klur), they don't ask how. “It's not money for Se Phi!” said Ardent while addressing a public meeting of the HSPDP at Malki Square.
The KSU said that it is surprising that other districts which have DIET centers have received assistance of Rs 15 crore for repairs.
Life is short and it is very difficult to experience and understand all the pleasures by yourself, but it is only through books that can increase the experiences and understanding of human life.
I believe that 2014 is a political year and I speak as one of the leaders of the Government of India after 67 years of independence,” said Bah Khar Mawphlang in his resignation letter. last year.
On the other hand, the leaders immediately rushed to the scene inside BarikPoint and found out all the facts. Suddenly, when they arrived, they saw that it was so. to enter the Park and only those who have been vaccinated against Covid-19 will be allowed to enter.
She recalled the statement of JD Sangma, a former education officer, who confessed that he and two of Kong Ampareen's men had committed the crime at her own insistence.
On the smuggling of cows to Bangladesh, he said that the department regularly holds meetings with the SPs, DCs and BSF to curb the smuggling of cows. this is illegal trafficking.
It is here that the quality of education and knowledge of the students has been severely affected and will bring more uncertainty and doubt to them from now on.
The HNYF of South West Khasi Hills District (HNYF) in these days has visited Pyndenlyngdoh village and has formed a new unit of the Pyndenlyngdoh Unit. Vice President Wanborlin Kharai, General Secretary Wankloilin Khyllem Kharai, Assistant Secretary Ibanjoplang Shylla, Finance Secretary Jonweltonroy Kharhari, Sports Secretary Spriminroi Khyllem Kharai and 7 members.
The scheme is implemented by the Central Government through the Prashad Scheme at Nartiang Shakti Peeth.
According to Marcus Aurelius (121-180 AD) it says “Live a good life.
Dr Mukul Sangma will complete two years as the Chief Minister of Meghalaya in October and it is understood that he will release the report of the victory of his government. also.
The deceased was identified as Dribon Mukhim, while the man was identified as Rilan Mukhim, who died this evening while undergoing treatment at NEIGHRIMS Shillong.
Go to Menu Store.
In the 100th category, Skhembait Langstang of Little Flower School, Shillong, Ganisha Chullet of Sacred Heart Girls' Higher Secondary School, Shillong, Dameiawanbha Khyriem of Christian Academy, Shillong, scored 549 marks. Mebaïiskhem Lyngdoh Nongbri of St. Francis Secondary School, Smit and Hanika Barim of Myngken Christian Higher Secondary School, Bhoirymbong.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) on Monday visited Iawmusiang, Jowai after the Jowai Police seized their goods and jhur and soh last month.
The union also urges the DC of West Jaintia Hill District and the CEM of JHADC to be the ksiang to invite and invite these two groups to discuss and resolve the issue. HYC General Secretary Roamingstar Lamare and President Mewathi Suchiang said that the government has decided to hold a meeting to discuss the issue.
The Dhulia played only the bomb and danced lymmuh to Lum Iewduh and returned until they had finished cleaning.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, some of the drivers said that at present there is a delay in the implementation of these FASTags, as there are cases of failure in the equipment. The fast tag sticker on the toll plaza (Detector Device) is not working properly and the public has to pay money. They received a message that their money had been deducted from the accounts they had linked to the FASTag.
Along with Congress leaders from Manipur, the meeting was attended by Congress President Mallikarjun Kharge, party leader Rahul Gandhi, and General Secretary (organisation) KC Venugopal.
After the incident, Bah Solomon was taken to Jowai KJP Hospital for treatment.
It will take more action to reduce maternal mortality and create opportunities to provide health facilities for women especially in rural areas.
The incident happened last month when these elephants damaged the rice fields of Bah C Rani, Bah S Hat and others.
The company's overall sales increased by 7% from 196,486 units in July 2014 to 211,002 units in July 2015, while domestic sales increased by 5% to 169,805 units. in July 2014 to 177,769 units in July
Jowai, Nailur 18: Kiang Nangbah Government College, Jowai on Saturday celebrated its 50th Anniversary.
This means that when worshiping God, man must give to God all his soul, heart and mind. Man must not receive glory because glory belongs to God.
Shillong, Nailur 29: The death toll from the floods in Garo Hills has risen to 55 after three more bodies were recovered from West Garo Hills today.
I am not the one who has investigated the drug abuse in the state, but those who have investigated the drug abuse in Meghalaya say that the drug abuse in Meghalaya is now widespread.
It is easier to get adequate services from low-paid employees even if they are not low in rank and ability.
“This is the failure of the Intelligent Wings, what happened on the 13th is their failure and now it is the failure of the Intelligentsia that they cannot find these items.
Samlin said HDR's departure from the Congress may be due to the party's decline across India or for other reasons.
Therefore, only the people can completely defeat all these rulers, leaders and leaders of the MDA government in the upcoming MLA elections in .
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Laskein Circle on Monday renewed the new office bearers of two departments at Iooksi and Saphai Units.
He said it was because of the protests of the leaders of the North East that the central government has listened but does not want to sit down and the government will continue to fight.
On the 3rd June 2024, at about 12 pm, a man named Bah Marshal Marwein, 30 years old, drowned after a garbage dump in Marten collapsed. to u.
“Regarding these schools, we would like to request you to allocate funds for the posts of teachers and also to send an inspection and allocation for the improvement of the school buildings of these schools,” she said. Establish.
They shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit led by Streamly S Suchen, Assistant General Secretary Pynshai Kupar Dkhar and others on the 24th of this month met with the EE of the department. MePDCL in Moowakhu to seek clarification on the increase in bill light in villages and areas of East Jaintia Hills District.
The program was also attended by the students of Star Public School who performed the song Safety Week, short dramas by the workers working in the mines, a drama on how to protect themselves. workers working in the fields to avoid hazards and injuries.
“If they have any problems, the Coordination Committee of the MDA is there and they should take it to that Committee for discussion.
Regarding the preparations for the Synod Sepngi especially the desire of the village and church leaders to help with the 1.5 KM road, Bah Pala said that he will give a speech in a few days to help them as well as the ground to hold a meeting but will not help with food.
Speaking to reporters, he said that in this democratic country there are those who leave and there are those who enter and we cannot hold the will of others, but to say that the emergence of these UDP leaders from Ri Bhoi It is unacceptable that only a few leaders have left the party and many are still within the party.
The festival is also part of the Amur Falcon Festival which is held once a year to commemorate the conservation of the Amur Falcon.
“If it is to talk to the Garo rebels, why not talk to our rebels,” said Myrthong.
Ri-Bhoi beat East Khasi Hills 5-4 in the tie-breaker.
Members of the Pynursla Youth Association, the Headmistress and students of St. Anthony School Pynursla and other dignitaries.
Jowai, Naiwieng 20 : The Ramakrishna Mission Sohra Charitable Dispensary on Saturday inaugurated the Ramakrishna Mission Charitable Dispensary at Jalaphet Bri-Sumer East Jaintia Hills. village and school children.
“Therefore, I strongly appeal to the people of Khasi and Jaintia not to waste their time, not to send candidates from other political parties. " said Mr. Sanbor.
There have now been 682 cases of Covid-19 in Assam and 613 are still infected.
Shillong: The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that it is the Congress and BJP leaders who are trying to bring in the party. Bangladeshis in the North East to get their vote bank to win the elections.
They expressed their gratitude to Reddy for his visit to these areas and he inquired thoroughly regarding the benefits of the few days of the natural disaster.
He said that the drafting of the law is urgently needed after the Rangbah Shnongs have been dismissed by the Meghalaya High Court and to curb this problem, there is a need for a law.
Ardent has criticized the HSPDP MDC from Nongstoin, LG Nongsiej, for turning his back on the party leaders. The party by supporting the Congress party in the last minute of the election.
Because of the poor condition of the road, it has caused a lot of traffic jam in Khliehriat and has made it difficult for the traffic police to curb this traffic jam in Khliehriat.
I am afraid that the people are being misled...that is because of the parties that are now misleading the people in the name of development, but not with the intention of protecting the minority,” he said. said Bah Lyngdoh to the crowd of churches who attended the meeting.
Speaking on the occasion, Rona Khymdeit expressed her happiness and satisfaction after joining the Congress party, which is one of the strongest parties in Meghalaya. She has decided to leave the UDP party and join the Congress party with the hope of winning the upcoming elections from Nongpoh Constituency.
He said that those other MLAs are weak because when they have to fight hard, the weak run away and the strong stand up to fight. strong strength and kine will win.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, Bah HK Thabah, said that the water shortage and water pollution are the two major issues faced by the people. and the chess that shall come shall be the throne of the wicked.
This is the vision of Victoria Wahlang, mother and Sherrard Wahlang, son, who saw and saw with their own eyes when they traveled abroad. The spirit to see that the elderly who have no caregivers or homeless have a proper and happy place to live spiritually which encourages them to build in this state, because they have the spirit and love the elderly.
U Bah Pynshngain, who is the leader of the PDF, today alleged that the NPP has tried to remove him from the post of CEM and has threatened to withdraw his support from the NPP-led MDA government. The PDF has four MLAs in the MDA government and even if it wins, the government will not fail because it has 38 MLAs in the 60-member Assembly.
They were destroyed and the need was met.
Others who attended the function included MDC Mairang-Nongkhlaw, Bah Batskhem Ryntathiang, MDC Pariong-Mawthadraishan, Bah Jambor War, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh. , the Syiem of Myriaw Hima, Pa'iem K. Syiem, Chief of Mawiang, Pa'iem N. Syiem, Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah W. Nongsiej, Superintendent of Police of District, Bah MB Syiem, officers of various departments of the state government, village leaders, members of self-help groups (SHGs) and the people of the area.
This is also a discrimination against the sons of the Bri u Hynniewtrep not to be allowed to take the jait father.
Police of the Anti Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) of West Jaintia Hills together with the Dorbar Village Council of Tpep Pale have arrested a policeman and four suspected drug traffickers from the village.
“An answer, when mild, turns away rage; but a harsh word stirreth up wrath" Proverbs 15:1
Dawki is the only place where there is adequate transportation.
Please let us talk about what is right because we who are here should not say that we want to say that what we say is right but we want to say that what you say is right, that is the government. “The government should serve the people by the people,” said Prestone.
Mawkyrwat, 'Nailur, 03: It is a great disappointment for the farmers in the border areas due to the deterioration of the roads and roads. The State Government and the office of the Syiem of Mawiang Hima have been unable to build a road to Nolikata Border Haat – a trade market between India and Bangladesh, located at Nolikata, near Ranikor, South West. Khasi Hills District.
How many comments have been made against the Chief Minister of Assam, Ministers and MLAs of the area so far from the people living in these seven areas”.
It was at this time that four Enforcement Police of KHADC under the leadership of Paul Leong attacked the poiei and after this, the raid in Iewmawlong and Iewduh area became more intense.
About 600 athletes from all over the states and union territories have taken part in the tournament.
AITC State President Charles Pyngrope, Vice President George B Lyngdoh and other party office bearers witnessed the confirmation ceremony.
Therefore, we will focus more on these 18 Police Station to crack down on drug traffickers,” said Dr. Bishnoi.
The meeting of the HYC held at Motphran started from 1 pm to 1 pm.
It is the rainy season and there are many weddings and how beautiful it is to see that young people are willing to give glory to God and seek His sanctification in connection with this work. is the greatest part of a man's life because it is from this part that they begin to build their own family and to have children who will be the future of the family, the clan, the village, the nation and the country.
Speaking to media, Sanbor Shullai said that a decision has been taken to allocate only 5 acres of land to the CRPF to build their camp in New Shillong.
Many political leaders said that the Congress's two seats are a sign of the closeness between the Congress in Meghalaya and the NPP, which leads the government in the state.
Khliehiongriang took the lead by 1 goal in the 2nd minute.
The total number of cases has now reached 1.95 crore.
Shillong, March 21: Although many educated youth in the state are unemployed, the state government has not pushed to fill 7,653 vacant posts since 2018 ha This was found by Bah Disparsing Rani, a well-known RTI researcher in the state.
This was allegedly discovered by the Director of the Hospital.
However, suddenly two sons of the HSPDP rushed to the NPP camp and everything went wrong.
There’s an accumulation of votes to move aside, however they only managed 76 votes to defeat me.
During the inspection, the KSU found that there are four teachers in the school, but only three teachers teach 194 students.
“Many of the residents and especially the parents and school children, at this time when many children have to write various examinations and the lack of electricity has affected even the “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Najim Kharmalki.
As a tyngshop, Michael has acted in many beautiful films and at the age of 90, Michael feels that he will have to stop acting completely.
Rokes Kharbuli, Assistant Secretary, Laitlyngkot Elaka, said that there has been a demand to divide the Nongthymmai-Lumthangding constituency into two constituencies and this issue will be looked into.
The road that passes through Lai Lad and New Testu.
Therefore, look and vote for a party with a manifesto that you agree with.
West Jaintia Hills has 22 cases and West Khasi Hills has
The Rangbah Shnong, u Bah Shnong, acknowledged that the dumping of garbage in the area has affected the people living nearby and also the visitors. However, due to the lack of adequate garbage dump, it has not prevented the residents from turning it into a garbage dump in this area, which is also near the NH-6
Therefore, the government should help only the indigenous people and not do anything special for the foreigners,” he said.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that when he makes an allegation, there should be facts but this person just hears from time to time and writes on social media or posts articles that don't have facts but are wrong.
These 126 policemen have been handed over to the Custom Department and 74 of them have been seized by the Custom officers at Pynursla and 52 of them have been handed over to the Custom Station. They were arrested from Laitlyngkot and 52 from 12 Mer Mylliem.
Many of the richest countries have found that wealth is no longer useful to them when this disease has spread to the country because that wealth cannot protect against the coronavirus.
Domenico Scala, Chairman of the Fi FA Audit and the committee in charge of the investigation, said the investigation into allegations of corruption is ongoing. speak to the media.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: As usual every year, the Catholic Church on the 2nd of November remembers the souls of the deceased and holds a prayer for them to rest in peace. and they shall not enter into the kingdom of God.
They said that when we come here we come to earn a living while selling land to support our children but most of the time when the government authorities come they drive us away.
Therefore, these officials discussed and expressed the understanding that China has to find ways to increase and revive its economy in many ways in many ways. .
India have won the second round of the FIFA World Cup 2026 and AFC Asian Cup 2027 after beating Kuwait 1-0 on Friday at the Jaber Al-Ahmad International Stadium in Kuwait.
The Roman Catholic Church celebrates December 25 as the birthday of Jesus Christ.
“We are disappointed that many foreigners in the state sports associations who have been employed by the same people for many years have not produced any medals for the state athletes like Chiranjib Choudhary, Secretary, Table Tennis, D.Mallick ka Judo, Manoj Singh, Secretary ka Taekwondo, Dilip Gurung, Secretary, Volleyball Association.
The first reason was that there were some Muslim children riding bicycles on the road near the area and there were also some Nepali children who were also present at the area. They were between 16 and 18 years old. At that time, it was said that the Nepali children asked for a ride on the bicycle of the Muslim children but they did not allow them. The Nepalis have blamed the Muslims for planting the bomb during the Diwali celebrations. Hindus in Jhalupara (bomb used by the HNLC) and after a heated argument there was a clash.
On the other hand, she denied reports that she will leave the Congress by saying, “I am and will always be with the Congress because I was born in the Congress”.
So it’s a fool’s errand to change this.
He said that the BJYM demands that the state government should immediately build a two lane road from Mawphlang to Mawkyrwat, from Mawphlang to Ranikor. roads are critical to the development of income and trade in the area.
Shillong, Nailur 05 : The Mawkynrew Cup 2022 Football Tournament 2022 has concluded with four teams from Zone III playing at the Mawkynrew Football Ground on Saturday. of the village of Mawleiñ.
Shillong, Naitung 3 : Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie and his son today visited the teachers under the banner of the Federation of All School Teachers. Teachers of Meghalaya (FASTOM) and when he saw that they were continuing their protests, he was shocked and saddened that those who were killed had to sleep on the streets to protest even on Sunday. they could no longer go up to the places of worship.
The Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBA) has expressed its appreciation to the selection of Bah Torak Kharpran Sun as the coach of the Indian boxing team.
According to a report in The Economic Times, Jowai Co-operative Urban Bank Limited has been fined Rs 5 lakh for violating the Exposure Norms and Statutory Restrictions (UCBs) of the RBI. The RBI, after visiting and inspecting these banks in relation to the financial sector since March 31, 2018, has found deficiencies and non-compliance with the rules and regulations of the RBI. In addition, the RBI has imposed a fine of Rs 1 lakh on Tura Urban Cooperative Bank Limited for the same reason as Jowai Urban Cooperative Bank Limited.
“We have informed the owners of the market that if we find that there is a Daju who is not wearing a uniform, we will arrest him and the goods will be confiscated and taken to the Syiem's ​​police station,” said Minister MB. Kharlukhi while speaking at the meeting.
When we went to investigate this news today, 19th March 2023, we saw that the building, owned by Singhania, has collapsed, but it remains near another building, which don't have anything.
It is also the first dewbilat factory in the North East of the country.
The state government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma as the Chief Minister has taken another step which will bring danger and suffering to the residents especially in the Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
“We rely on the judgment and supervision of the department so that the farmers will not lose their share,” said the statement.
Delhi, Nailur 29: The National Seminar in Delhi with the participation of scholars and intellectuals is a good opportunity to learn about the country's economy. to advance the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution.
They also requested the MeECL Shillong Division, Municipal not to turn off the electricity and repair some of the street lights which have not worked properly, not only during the puja, but even after the puja. .
Sharma said the book fair was organized to promote reading among the youth.
In the Vinoo Mankad Trophy, a one day tournament for the U-19 (boys), Goa, who won the silver toss, scored the first goal in Group C in Pune. Meghalaya, which tied first, scored 180/7 in all 50 overs.
“The festival will be funded by the Tourism Department of the state government in collaboration with the Department of Agriculture and Meghalaya Age,” said Pynbiang.
Shillong: Ka KSU Jaiaw Circle is pleased to extend its full support to the Dorbar Shnong Lumdiengjri, after seeing through the media the sudden appearance of the leaders of the village yesterday 24th October, 2022 under the leadership of Rangbah Shnong and The new Executive Committee (EC) to arrest foreigners who illegally stay in the village without permission from the Dorbar Shnong and without being able to provide documents such as Work Permit; Police Verification from the place of origin, Trading License, Labor License and other requirements.
In Meghalaya, there are more than 6,000 rural villages and 11 districts, and there are two main parts, the eastern region which includes the Khasi-Jaintia Hills and the western region which includes the Khasi-Jaintia Hills. Garo style.
“Blessed are they which are called unto the marriage supper of the Lamb”.
Mawlai, with the aim of retaining the title again this season, struggled to score from the first minute of the match and witnessed that the PFR came with a preparation for that day and the match. it is a strong and powerful shisha.
Nikhat Zareen, one of the leading stars of the country; The women's boxing team, which will lead the country's boxing team at the IBA Women's Boxing World Championship to be held in Delhi, has expressed her confidence in the opportunities. paths that are open in the present.
“Not by works of righteousness which we have done, but according to his mercy he saved us, by the washing of regeneration, and renewing of the Holy Ghost” Titus 3:5
Sangma 37 of Kharkutta Constituency (ST), Nilkamal D. Sangma of 45 – Tikrikilla Constituency (ST), Dr. Tweel K. Marak of 39 – Resubelpara Constituency (ST) and Desang M. Sangma, Ex-MLA of – Jungle Constituency (ST).
Shillong: The Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today sent a letter of condolences to the family of Bah Ganold Stone Massar who passed away today.
Money comes and goes.
“The High Court's order to the Government to consider the year of implementation of the roster system is its emphasis on the issue raised by the VPP in the House to demand the suspension of the implementation of the Roster. system while the reservation policy has not been finalised,” he said.
For example, if the scheme for the poor is T.100, but when it reaches the plate of the beneficiary, he gets only T.20, where does that T.80 go? Many times the loss is due to the presence of corrupt people who are willing to violate the rights of the poor for their own benefit.
The second destruction of Jerusalem took place in 586 B.C.And the history of the second destruction of Jerusalem was written by Nehemiah himself and the inscription reads: “And it came to pass in the month Nisan ( April) in the twentieth year of King Artaxerxes when the wine was before him, I took the wine, and I took the wine, and gave it to the king.
The Voice of the People Party stands firm on the ground that the Reservation Policy should be reviewed before any discussion on the roster system.
Some of the groups expected to participate in the meeting with the Prime Minister include the Garo Students Union, the Garoland State Movement Committee, the Mothers Union of Tura, the A'chik Holistic Awakening Movement, Association for Democracy and empowerment, A’chik Youth Welfare Organization, Federation for A’chik Freedom, All A’chik Youth Federation, A’chik Organization for Social Welfare and ka Niksamso Garo Community Organization.
The students of Nokrek Boys informed the PVC about the incident.
Shillong: Dr Phlour W Khongjee, Dr Phlour W Khongjee, said that the owners of the houses were also destroyed by the NPP supporters. Former MLA Bah Banteilang Singh Rumnong has contested for the BJP ticket from Sohra.
He said that this issue needs to be thought through because if not done with understanding and thought it could lead to misunderstanding among the different ethnic groups of the prosperous state.
The names of Sobin Sangma, Rimanbha Lyngdoh, Deisicresha Marbaniang and Thomas Kharsyiong were also announced on the occasion.
The rules, which were issued today, stipulate that taxis can operate in the green and orange zones, provided that they have one driver and two passengers. This will also apply to car companies, such as Ola and Uber.
The Minister also promised that the Government will consider the suggestions made by the Member on how to strengthen the Land Transfer Act.
After leaving the GNLA, he joined ASAK in November 2013 under the leadership of Reading T Sangma.
Meanwhile, RM Shabong said that if the NPP decides to nominate or not, it should convene another meeting to clarify to all its supporters and not just decide.
Lyngdoh's nine goals have made him one of the top scorers this season.
Upon receiving information about this, the leaders of the NHM and the district including Thehlut Syngkli, President Brapshoin, Vice President, Lam Dympep and members of the National Assembly together with the members of the National League for Democracy (NHM) have rushed to the scene. The factory to talk to them and to find out why they dismissed this young man.
Evergreen Mukhla beat Moosyiem Shangpung 1-0 in the 10th match of the Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai. Jowai.
Ernest said that out of the 60 constituencies in the state, the party has estimated that 32 are in the middle of the struggle, of which the BJP is estimated to reach the target between and 15 constituencies.
PYLLENG:— Pylleng is one of the foods that offers many health benefits in all aspects.
The Chief Justice said that the smooth conduct of elections is essential and the destruction of democracy cannot be tolerated.
The Committee was transformed into the HSPDP on 1.11.1968 with the participation not only of these 15 members but also of 63 other APHLC leaders. The first president of the HSPDP was Hopingstone and the general secretary was Aristarchus Basaiawmoit.
HYC Sohiong Circle demands that the Government of Meghalaya should immediately release the relief goods to the victims, said a statement sent by Samla Purningstar Shabong, President HYC. Sohiong Circle.
Tanvi Raksam Marak won the trophy with a cash prize of T.1 lakh, followed by Sanwaka Surong in the 1st runner-up and Nazareen Kharubon in the 2nd runners-up. .
The festival will be organized by the District Administration of West Garo Hills in collaboration with the Tura Arts and Culture Society.
Government employees should strictly observe the service rules in writing and in spirit and should refrain from participating in such protests against the government.
“I am filled with sorrow when I see that they have to fight even on Sunday to get their rights.
Guwahati: After social media caused a stir in Shillong, the raibi has now reached Assam and has killed two people, just because of the spread of the raibi in Shillong. social media, that there are people who kidnap children in parts of Karbi Anglong.
Ego : means selfishness, selfishness, selfishness, selfishness is that you don't own everything you have and do; hangamei is the one who is selfish; malade is the one who doesn't wear shitrhem exactly.
The total number of cases has risen to 3,062 and the death toll to
He said that if the protest through the revolution is strong, the Indian government will have to be persuaded to grant Art-371 and the Inner Line Permit.
Shilong: Although the government has banned the illegal smuggling of coal, but the smugglers are still smuggling and fighting against the government's ban. catch these trucks.
Furthermore, the house of Hiartunong Marwein, his wife and their children came to live there.
" This is the life that has meaning.
“If you look at para 2 of the Resolution of 1972 regarding the implementation of the Reservation Policy, it states that if there are years when other ethnic groups cannot fill the vacancy, they will be replaced. but their share shall be carried forward to the following year in which the following year the addition shall be in addition to the share allocated (40%) plus that of carried over from last year," he added.
He said that the Meghalaya Youth Employment Card (MYEC) is another promise to deceive the youth in Meghalaya as it has deceived the youth in West Bengal.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur, 27: The District Administration in collaboration with the DDMA West Khasi Hills, has conducted a two day training which started today and will end tomorrow. November 2023 at Trysem Hall, in preparation for the Mock Drill to be held on the 12th March
Sa Shisien is one of the Khasi films which has set a record for the highest number of viewers on the opening day on the 4th of this month.
This was announced by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday. in the state of Meghalaya.
'How can we do that? It's just someone's stupid idea to say that I wrote it myself.' The signature is completely different from mine,' continued Bah. Bruce said that he has never commented on the ILP demanded by the political parties.
“What distinguishes the BJP from other parties is that it stands firm on the basis of fighting corruption, discrimination and promoting one family in dynastic politics.
The HNLC has also warned that Mukul Sangma is the one whom the party is investigating and said that if he wins the 2018 elections, it will be very easy for the party to investigate him. The HNLC said that he is a man who used to offer peace talks, but he is also one of those who turned away.
Police investigation revealed that these Negroes were football players and came to India to join various clubs to play football and to work as weavers.
Before the blood donation, a short meeting was held by Shape Paswet, Riquoma Rq.Laloo and Dr.P.Shylla Incharge Blood Bank Civil Hospital.
Think even 20 candidates to contest we don't get because they say to contest from the VPP is impossible and we will never win because we will contest without money but now when they see what happened “In the MLA elections, the MDC ticket application is no longer understood,” he said.
The people of Tura have expressed their delight at the overnight stay of President Murmu at the new Raj Bhavan Complex in Tura.
However, as soon as they reached near the Civil Hospital, Shillong, they were arrested by the Police and Magistrates. They shouted and called for ILP and for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule.
The Secretary of Sonapyrdi Village, Bah Daïapherbha Lamare, said that the district authorities have informed that the closure of the Toll Gate has affected the income of NHAI. in Lumshnong while the NHAI has not yet repaired and cleaned the road in the area and along the NH-6,” said the Waheh Shnong and Secretary Shnong of Narpuh.
She said that she was not a close friend of him but she only knew him when he was shopping and when he came home the place to talk was only on the balcony and he used to ask for help when he came. hungry.
The total amount of money is 1,13,5
Shibun said the wreath laying ceremony has nothing to do with the elections but it is a memorial to the hero of the country Tirot Singh and this is not the first time that the BJP has commemorated him. he is a great man.
The State Government has a lot of money, which it invests in various funds, whether it is the income from the dewbilat companies, the income from the tax on mineral resources and then the tax from the and therefore, if the government, used to borrow money from various international companies for the construction of roads, schools, it was also in the At this time, to seek assistance, by other means and not to sympathize with the poor people and what is needed is also that the jobs of the people, whether farmers, mystery, workers The 100 days scheme and the shopkeeper will continue their activities without further restrictions.
Paul will contest against Congress candidate Auguster Jyrwa, former KSU leader, as well as other candidates including Thomas Passah and Strong Kharjana, KHNAM leaders. He said that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) needs adequate leaders as it currently lacks leaders.
“The meeting held on 14th November, unanimously opposed the MUDA land grabbing outside the Municipal and supported the opposition of the villages affected by the MUDA land grabbing and “We demand that the MUDA announcement should not be withdrawn from the Municipal,” said the letter signed by the General Secretary Bah RL Blah.
The raid on the residence of the KSU leader happened twice at 7 pm on Friday and at 1 pm on Tuesday.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: The State Government on Friday lifted the MPDA charges against three Sengbhalang leaders who were arrested during the ILP protest last year.
“Through this financial assistance, MTD will be able to continue its activities and include more people who have been affected after many have received training in the past years. they were able to return to normal life, and some who returned with their families," he added.
“Whether he contests as an independent candidate or from any non-Congress party, we will ensure that he wins in 2018,” said Banraplang Hynniewta.
“Now I feel stronger and I will go to Warud to take part in another rally,” said Gadkari, 66, writing in X.Shillong: “After four consecutive defeats, the Sawmer SC today scored their first point after beating Ryntih SC 4-0 at the SSA Stadium Polo.
The HNYF during the inspection of the IPAC office found that not only the IPAC has not received a trading license and has been running the company illegally but also the Caplib Private Limited Company. According to the Rangbah Dong of Nongthymmai, Springside Block-2, Bah James Khongwir, these companies have come to ask for the NoC from the village to fight against the trading license. The trading license has been issued since June but according to IPAC, the license has been issued since last month, but they have started operating the company since June.
The brain works but it doesn't need eyes to run it.
The Government has authorized the appointment of the Additional Deputy Commissioner (Revenue) I/C Civil Sub-Division as the Administrator for the rehabilitation and resettlement of the affected people.
He said that there is also a scheme for the people of the villages in the areas declared as Elephant Reserve Forest where the government provides assistance.
Because if you look at Garo Hills, even the dead trees are about to fall, no one dares to cut down or cut them down because of the violation of the forest laws and the forest workers, they work properly and they did not allow the people to cut down the trees.
On the other hand, Mark Laitflang Stone, founder of Avenues, said that this is the first time that such an event will be held in the state to offer a lot for those who are just starting out in entrepreneurship.
He said that the recruitment process of the department is not clean, so all the employees should be suspended immediately.
The victory has been a turning point in the region and her Department has also worked hard to open up opportunities for people with disabilities for inclusive development.
Today, the JHADC through the Administrative Department has also issued certificates to the Dolloi and Sirdars who have not yet received their certificates especially those who have already been elected.
He urged the public to cooperate with the PWD and provide land for the construction of roads so that the works can be completed soon.
According to the order, heavy motor vehicles (HMVs) and medium motor vehicles from other districts such as West Jaintia Hills District and East Jaintia Hills District will have to pass through the road. Through the Shillong Bypass.
These Government departments include the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways (MoRTH), Power, Civil Aviation, Telecom, Ministry of New & Renewable Energy (MNRE) and Railways.
This is a difficult time now, because as it is known that the state will soon go to the election of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, which has not yet been understood when and mynno can long that election.
According to a letter from B.Syiemlieh from the Excise Department to the office of the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills, liquor shops have been able to deliver liquor to the homes of some people. persons who have been diagnosed and approved by doctors until 14th June
Trisha has attracted many Tollywood directors with her talent and charm and if the films she acts in next year are successful she will become even more famous. more.
He must be a proud and strong-minded man, who wants to know what he wants to do in his own mind.
The incident happened at 11:30 pm, said Prakash. At that time, Obe's relatives were looking for him because he had not come home for a while. At the same time, he said that the Muslims had lodged a complaint with the police while others were beating up Obe in the village.
The meeting was held at the Dorbar Hall of Mawthawniaw Village and was also attended by DCPO Nongstoiñ, L. Siangshai, Sub Inspector Nongstoiñ. The meeting was conducted by Tymmen Basan B.Jyrwa as Chairman.
The time is now passing to fulfill the writings of the Word of God.
Maw-u-Tieng started the second match of the tournament with the hope of a second victory but in the middle of the game they suffered a defeat.
When asked, he replied that he has not yet joined the new political party PDF but will join on the 19th of this month at a general meeting where the PDF will welcome him at Madan Polo. He said that he will be the only MLA.
He said that if the government approves their demand, it will cause a lot of problems especially if all the government employees who do not have land as well as the farmers who do not have land come out to demand land from the government.
In a statement, the President of the Youth Congress, Richard Marak, said that this is not a recruitment, but a miss call, to mislead the people. can indicate the strength of the organization.
Earlier, Stalin had written a letter to Prime Minister Jaishankar asking him to take the necessary action.
Pynshongdor scored 28 runs (42) while Elbrenroy Mawthoh scored 1/13 runs in 4 overs.
Shillong, November 3: The Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO) today lodged an FIR against the Additional SP of West Garo Hills, Bruno A Sangma, SI Oksnath P Marak and SWAT personnel. They allegedly shot dead two youths in 2012, when Bruno was still the Sub Divisional Police Officer-SDPO of Dadenggre.
Jahdait emmmm......you think the MDCs you have elected are the ones who are stupid......like Bah Paul, Teinwel.
He immediately became angry and shot himself in the ear and the bullet fled and hit the neck of his wife, who was sitting next to him in the same car, the Hindustan Times reported.
“We must remember that we are citizens of India and we must not allow the unity of the country to be affected by the conflict,” he said.
On the other hand, the KSU West Khasi Hills District, strongly condemns the illegal entry and exit of the mynder, where even the villagers are not allowed to leave one village to another at such a time. New Delhi: The price of petrol and diesel has risen sharply in India in recent days. There are 100 rupees per liter in Mumbai and Delhi.
Therefore, when we talk about the farmers, we must also talk about the land, whether they have it or not.
He said the government should take a clear decision so that these people will not remain in despair.
Fuck! The Khasi language doesn't shoot when you speak, it doesn't feel cool as we young people of today like to say.
On Friday, the United Nations also expressed its strong demand that Russia should withdraw immediately its troops from Ukraine. and also that it should stop and end the war completely.
“They only know how to issue permits to collect revenue, but they don't provide parking,” said Bah Wandonbok.
The training was led by Robin Sheen, member of the Irish Cave Rescue Organization, Ireland, who expressed his satisfaction to see the skills of the 21 members who took part in the rescue. live inside a cave as part of a training exercise.
“If you come to see especially in the evening, you will see that the night watchmen have not left yet, they are still there,” he said.
He said that there are about 54 teachers on the list of teachers, but out of these 54 teachers, some are still receiving their salaries, while 49 teachers have been registered. They didn't receive any more money for the judgment.
Now I have destroyed them,” he told reporters at his village in Ralegan-Siddhi.
Donald said that the accusation against the Church and the Seng of being involved in such an incident is completely wrong.
He said that they don't know whether they have registered a case against Bah Michael Warjri, because they haven't met him. Remind from time to time to the government to set up a police station in the border area so that the people of the area can be safe.
Nongkhrah Shnong today under the leadership of the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Celestine Syngkli visited the construction site for the Polytechnic and The Polytechnic Project has been completed without the completion of the Contractor.
The incident occurred due to a fire broke out from the place where the cowboy was burnt to sit down due to the cold.
Mawkyrwat, March 03: Three groups including the Achik Federation (AKHAF), the Garo Students' Union (GSU), the Achik Holistic Awakening Movement (AHAM) have held a meeting to discuss the issue. The meeting was held on the 14th November, 2022 at Khonjoy, South West Khasi Hills District. They decided to inform the authorities to appoint qualified Garo teachers who know the Garo language to teach the Garo language. Garo speaking children in Lower Primary Schools in parts of Khasi Hills which also falls under Section 29 (f) of the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act,
Speaking to reporters, u Bah Mawtyllup said that his resignation as a candidate from the party did not have any special reason and on this occasion he will soon send a letter. a letter of resignation as a candidate for ticket to the President of the Party.
God does not like that Satan should rule over us human beings, who are His precious creatures. Therefore, God with His infinite love that has come down from His heavenly throne, The way of salvation is to send His Son who is God Himself, to come into this world to save those who believe in Him. im man from the power of sin.
On this occasion, the Church invited the children and grandchildren of Kong Tyrun Kharkongngor who greeted each other and the Church leaders.
He said that this form will be valid throughout Shillong, ie in the 7 constituencies of Shillong for land dealers who live in the Municipal area, villages like Mawlai. Nongthymmai and Pynthor are the most beautiful places.
In his speech, Mukul Sangma also spoke about the government's desire to implement the National Population Register (NPR) to determine the number of genuine Indians in the state.
Explaining about the construction of the road, Bah Mayraldborn said that at present, the starting work will be on a length of 25 km, from Nongpoh to Pahamjri.
On the 4th of June, the same incident occurred in the area and the Deputy Commissioner Swapnil Tembe said that the relief operation is ongoing and the polling stations have been evacuated. UP School and Parkregre LP School.
They deceive the people that if they build places of worship with gold, they build standard pandals, they build standard toilets, they build gold cupboards, they build benches, standard chairs, pulpits with gold...they say that God is pleased with you.
The polling in this constituency will be held on the 10th of June and the counting of votes on the 13th of June.
After discussions among the members, it was decided to set up a special committee, comprising members of a district committee from Garo Hills and a few members from the CEC. UDP Vice President Allantry Dkhar said that the party has decided to hold elections for the GHADC.
Lokesh Turaha was bowled for a run out and was the only one for Karnataka to lose a wicket and won easily.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 21: In order to develop the residents who have special skills in the manufacture of various types of products and equipment that can be marketed, the Meghalaya Sate Skill Development Society, One of the departments of the Labor Department in collaboration with the District Skill Committee, today held a special program at TRYSEM Hall DC. Office Nongstoiñ, to explain to the residents how to create opportunities to alleviate unemployment.
There was no clear decision from the meeting whether the NGT will not release the coal at the hearing on the 1st of July. If you leave on that day, it will not impress the people, they will take a strong stance and stronger protests.
Everyone has their own freedom and will to act whether it is accepted by society or against it.
To find out the true condition of these buses, the Minister said that he will conduct a visit to them around the places where they are installed.
The people will face trouble at that time, because if they sit down, and if they stand up, they will face trouble.
Sangma urged the Ministry of Home Affairs to investigate into the matter.
The Sad House of the Shillong Chiefs at Nongkseh was also burnt down by the Lyngdohs of Mylliem and the Lyngdohs of Nongkrem and it was only the wisdom of the Basan of Nongkseh that saved the lives of the Chiefs of Shillong.
Speaking to reporters at Congress Bhavan in Shillong, AICC Spokesperson Retired Wing Commander Anuma Acharya said that in her work as Wing Commander, AICC The Air Force has been able to visit places of worship, such as temples and mosques.
In connection with the incident, the police have launched an investigation and so far one person has been arrested for further investigation.
At 2 pm, a Eucharistic Procession was held and ended with the blessing of the participants and the residents of Iooksi with the Blessed Sacrament of the Altar.
He said the government is not sitting idle on this issue and will soon discuss with various groups whether they are Sengbhalang, Rangbah Shnong or land owners regarding the need to bring railway into the state.
Dongmihsngi and Luti Tuber Ialong won the Under-17 Independence Day Cup of the WJDSA on Friday at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
With this victory, Sunriser will prepare to face Umpling SC in the final on the 25th of this month.
The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) Shillong has sought clarification from the state government regarding the incident in Pashang village where nine people were beaten up and killed in October. 2020.
Other officials from the government through the health department who attended the training included Dr. E. Kalwing, District Tuberculosis Officer, Ri Bhoi, Dr. W. Chyne, MOTC Umsning TU; Dr.M.Diengdoh, Block Medical Officer, Umsning Block.
Earlier, both the teams had never won a single match in the tournament.
The following are the names of the winners in the various categories of the handball tournament which for the first time has been given the opportunity to participate as one of the sports in the Meghalaya Games.
Rule 20 (1) of the AD Rules, 1951 clearly states – “The Chief Executive Member shall be elected by the District Council and the other Executive Member shall be appointed by the Governor on the advice of the Chief Executive Member from amongst the members of the District Council.
As soon as they entered Sofia's house, they fell in love and Lorna, seeing the relationship between the two, decided to leave her husband and Tony. so he left and took Sophia to his mother's house to live there.
Shillong, Lber 19 : Nangkiew Irat SC beat Sawmer SC 2-1 in the Shillong Premier League on Tuesday evening. SSA Stadium field, Polo.
On Tuesday night, my father had already written down the necessities to buy from the market.
“The future of our children and grandchildren cannot be left to those who do not have the ability to manage and manage properly as required by the task assigned to them,” said the VPP. The Subroto Mukherjee Cup 2023 has been held in East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday.
“Therefore, the group requests the Government and the relevant authorities to resolve this issue as soon as possible.
Clause 14 sub-clause (9) – Fee for FPS Dealers/SKOil Dealers who wish to print or Xerox information or records at office – Rs.2/- (Two Rupees) per Page) .5.
Sir Alex and Arsene Wenger thus became the first leaders among other players to win that single and prestigious award.
During the search, three boxes were found containing nine hornbill birds and it was believed that these birds were to be sold without proper documents. for carrying them.
This school was written by Spanish Lamon.
And from that time he could not speak: and he made signs unto them, because he could not speak unto them: and he beckoned unto them, and remained speechless. you can lose it.
“Rapido has received a Temporary License for 6 months because at that time the Act and Rule did not exist and now the Rule has been announced publicly and they know that the Rule exists and they have started to apply for a permit,” he said.
Thus, even young children suffer from diseases that affect especially the stomach.
The body of Bah Tiklu was recovered by the ITBF Search & Rescue Team on the 8th of last month. On the 4th, while they were on their way to climb the mountain, suddenly the sky began to darken, and a strong wind came to cover them. There are 27 people on the hill who have collapsed and buried alive. Two others are still missing and their bodies have not been recovered from the hill.
:The new Khasi song, “Phai seh sha nga”, is a song by the group of this song.
Regarding the launch of central government schemes, many people have experienced it,” said Sangma.
The opening ceremony was held at the ground floor of the school and as part of the celebration, there were also dances by the students of the school. school and parents of the students of the school and others.
Shivakumar has been a friend of Sharmila Reddy's family since the days of the late Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister YSR Rajasekhara Reddy.
Some of the elders of the village said that almost all the year, the electricity supply is not enough even for one day. to pay without any debt and every time the bill increases but, in fact the electricity bill should have decreased because they have not provided proper light.
The CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, said that it is necessary to find out whether these private individuals who received the money are entitled to receive the money from the KHADC. “The rule is that if the money doesn't go through the CEM, it goes through the Finance Department,” he said.
“The Garo people are more mature in terms of politics than the Khasi people,” said Paul Lyngdoh.
The meeting gave two months to appoint the MVI to the office.
“Our plan to hold the Meghalaya Games in Tura has been successful and we are pleased that more than 3000 athletes have not had any injuries in these seven days and it has been a success.
After this, the Lyngdoh of Raij Marngar in his speech, congratulated the Seng Khasi Kmie for taking over the site, at the same time to help for the consecration of the site. He said that he and the people are ready to revive this ritual from this day onwards every year. there shall be a sacrifice and a thanksgiving on this stone.
The incident happened on 15-17 Mile of Jawaharlal Nehru Marg at 12.15 pm, about 25 km from Gangtok.
Shillong: An 18-year-old student of St John Bosco Boys' Higher Secondary School, Sohra, has sustained serious injuries to his leg after his teacher tied and shot him. u with a chair that happened on October 10, 2022.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has issued a notice that from 14th March 2019, it will ban all foreigners (non tribals) from selling land throughout the Khasi Hills.
The storm has caused damage to electricity lines throughout West Jaintia Hills and East Jaintia Hills.
Because of her boxing excellence, she has received the title 'OLY' in her name which has been approved by the World Olympic Association (WOA).
The purpose of these district programs is to take the celebration of AKAM to all parts of the country with the active participation of workers and people.
The UDP has also registered 123 members in the village.
The Border Security Force (BSF) has stepped up its patrols and surveillance regarding the continued smuggling and trafficking of heroin by Pakistanis. have increased over the years especially in the border areas of Rajasthan.
The women's and men's athletes selected to represent the state in the women's category include Lucresia WS Lakiang, Domica Phidahun Kharbani, Phiba Nylla, Risaiaka Ryntathiang, Xenia Rose Nongseij, Daiamonki Nongkynrih, Emika Deimaia Myrthong, Iwanaki Khongjee, Mebapynhun Marngar, Saibanmerbha S Blah, Adeline Sohkhlet, Agnes Pohktai, Indolang Dawshishan Lypormika, Schemiew, Translation L In the men's category, Dr. L Chyne, Gareth Javier Lyngdoh, Daiakyntiew Wahlang, Durka Padit, Eva Gracia Mary Kharumnuid and Barisha Kharbani Sawian, Savio B Majaw, Aibor Jyrwa, Fadrik Wanniang, Jason M Malngiang, Memanroi Mylliem Pdah, Aibanskhem Lating, Alvin Sammy L. Mawlong, Bruce Enrique Mawkhlieng, Eric B Ryngnga, Michael Pyngrope, Hymnson Samuel Ryngbah Kullam , Bameshanlang A Sawkmie, Jeremiah Kharshandi, Mareo Lanzer Sawian, Ferdinand S Rani, Gregor Wilson Makdoh, Lemuel Kharkongor, Yowanki Kharwillborn, Bapynshongdor Dkhar, Damebanmerbha S Blah, Jasper D Pdang, Jeremerbhangdar Snremson Nongmeki, Myrtho Wilson Mylliem Pdah, Bhawanchwadame Lyngdoh Mawphlang, Damanbha Pde, Kmenlang Shabong, Cheltis Shylla, Evanmedon Rynghang, Paul Danny Kharmudai, Teiborlang Lapang, Albert Jyrwa, Davyson Kharkongor, Iohbor Mylliempdah, Nangkitwng Daniel Mawngdo and Garrick Phira u Mingson Rymbai.
They have sent the ED and IT against me, but the people love and trust me in Meghalaya.
These 2272 persons are from 71 groups and each group consists of 32 persons.
Nongpoh: At the end of the Ri Bhoi Day Football Tournament, Umranniangbyrnai Football Club, Umranniangbyrnai Football Club, has won the title of the Ri Bhoi Day Football Tournament. Nongkya Sports Club beat Nongkya Sports Club 3-2 in the final which reached the tie-breaker.
Qatar has been selected by FIFA to host the World Cup this year.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The Cabinet on Tuesday decided to set up the State Water Informatics Centre, Meghalaya with the Water Resources Department as the Nodal Department.
I respect everyone and treat everyone equally,” he said.
Amit Shah asked to write again.
When asked about the beliefs that the people of Meghalaya are still reluctant to accept the BJP, Bah Shangpliang said, “Come to the villages and you will get the answer.
The treaty between the Khasi Hima and the British Government expired on 15th August 1947 under Section 7 of the Indian Independence Act,
The song was sung by Ram Suchiang and Dahun Shabong, while the costume design, styling and make up artist was done by Wanphrang Kharbuli.
The soul is filled with joy.
“This shows that the VC has tried to protect the perpetrators and he himself is a supporter of ragging,” said the NSUS. The Vice Chancellor when asked about the plan of NEHU to help the refugee.
The KSU also criticized the Minister that if he is a wise person, he should have given his opinion to force the Central Government as proposed by the KHADC not to amend the 6th Schedule to increase the number of seats. Imphal, Nailar 28: The Governor of Manipur, Ashwini Kumar, has visited Moreh village in Chandel district to inspect the land grab by Myanmar. now to build up its strongholds.
We hope that God will help us, we want to help you before Christmas"
When this reporter spoke to some of the truck drivers who were resting on the Bye Pass near Umiam, they expressed their anger over this order and said that this order is a It is like trying to steal their plate because it is the only job that brings income for them and also to provide for their families.
MPF spokesperson and UDP working president Bah Paul Lyngdoh said the main reason why the opposition has decided to take it to the Governor's Office is that the government has not been able to curb the peace that has been established in this state.
In the Khasi belief and thought, they do not believe that there are 30 or 31 days in a month.
HANM said that at an emergency meeting today in Nongstoin, it demanded that the protests should be verified within 36 hours, otherwise the protests will have already stopped, said a statement from Bah Wills. Jowai, March 31: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has expressed its dissatisfaction with the 2013 elections. Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has distributed tablets to all Class XII students in the state. They don't even have the opportunity to go for training in private schools because their parents can't support them due to poverty.
Twenty years ago, on the 3rd March 1995, the village evicted the family of Kong Margret Jarain and her relatives for not paying the 2tyngka donation to the Seng Longkmie. the village.
Shillong, November 21: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkynrew Constituency and Minister in the State Government, on Tuesday said that the development of the constituency in many aspects is due to the development and not to the development.
( John 14:21 ).
The NHRC has sent a letter to the Chief Secretary and Director General of Police, Manipur to submit a detailed report on the incident within 10 months.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah should take responsibility and ensure that the department operates in accordance with the laws in a manner that is in accordance with the Constitution.
The letter clarified that the vacancies are only for Garo job seekers and about 13 names of Garo applicants have already been included in the letter sent to Garo. ORD.50/21(ST)316-17 Dated Shillong 14th October to take the necessary action, but you have violated the law by appointing non-Garo instead of Garo.
“The last hearing was scheduled to be held on 18th and 19th July, but the Superintendent of Police and other police came on 17th July to inform us that the hearing has been postponed until October. when the election is over.
These beneficiaries were selected from the list of applications submitted in the past two years.
The coal was seized after the seizure of illegal coal trucks and parked at Mawlai Mawïong Rim near the road opposite the ISBT and Mawlai Bypass.
The examples given by the author are not intended to criticize or condemn any organization/race/clan/group/or person.
“The Mylliem MLA should clarify if he says that this is not the government's decision,” said Bah Dohling and added that all those who attended the Board meeting were government officials and not private individuals.
Haniyeh was appointed top leader of Hamas in 2017, after which he traveled to Turkey and Doha, Qatar.
On the other hand, Bah Mawlong, after receiving a complaint from these youths, he lodged a complaint with the woman at Mairang Police Station. On the 14th of this month, they arrested her from her residence in Mawlai Kyntonmassar.
However, do not install any apps or apks on your mobile phone.
“All the companies have fled and now the tender has to be called again.
The UDP has made it clear that it does not want to contest from Tura constituency but will allow the NPP and the BJP is ready to contest there too. for whether they shall fight together, or whether they shall give up one of them.
We have also witnessed many incidents related to this area.
Looking into this matter, after the affidavit has been filed by the petitioners, the matter will be taken into consideration,” said the court.
“I would like to request you to exempt those who fall under Article 7 of the Uniform Civil Code.
Speaking to media, Bishnoi said the meeting discussed not only the incident in Muktapur but also other incidents in the border area.
The CEM of KHADC, Bah Teinwel Dkhar, today said that the Council is concerned about the plight of the farmers especially as they have come to complain about the kilo cut of their produce in Iewduh.
Chirag Khurana scored 73 runs off 61 balls and Swarjeet Das 28 off 17 balls.
I promise you all that this is what we plan to do,” he said.
The same program was held at the Dorbar Hall, Nongspung Village, West Khasi Hills District, in the presence of Bah V Swer ADC and Project Director of DRDA.
“I don't know about the issuance of work orders to the PDF candidates because it depends on the department in charge of this, and maybe they have a relationship with the Rangbah Shnong,” said Bah Pynshngain.
Why does rheumatoid arthritis need early detection? Early detection of this disease can be very helpful.
Meanwhile, Babu Kular, one of the elders of the area, said that the government also has a scheme to provide soh seedlings and helps the farmers to plant but the farmers do not know.
The KSU said that the issuance of the NOC by Bah Pynshngaiñ is against the will of the people and urged all the MDCs to oppose the decision of Bah Pynshngaiñ.
want to be without the crowd.
The NPP leaders discussed the party's preparations for the upcoming MLA elections in Meghalaya, Tripura and Nagaland.
The promotion of educational activities is a continuous process.
Mexico has witnessed more than 3,50,000 murders, mostly gang violence and this is despite the introduction of the military to fight crime. drugs into the country since 2006.
According to him, the party has also launched its election campaign.
However, as the synrum has not yet been removed, Kong Phorida said that she has requested the doctors at the CHC Ummulong to come and help her to remove the synrum which is still stuck in her son's stomach. She begged three times, crying in front of the doctors, but the doctors did not come and after about ten hours, Kong Klotilda died and left only a baby girl.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 19, 2023: The office of the Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan (NYKS), Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports, Government of India today held a 10-day District Level YUVA UTSAV India @2 Member of Parliament from Shillong Constituency, Ma Vincent Pala was the chief guest.
Ecclesiastes 8:8 / 8:6-7.
In his welcoming speech, Ma Mynjurlang Langdoh Pyrtuh, General Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong Sohmynting, said that Sohmynting Village is rich in natural resources. The holy forest belongs to the Kyndait clan and to the Langshiang clan.
The District Arts Society headed by the Deputy Commissioner looks after the applications of the groups holding festivals in their districts, he said.
In the past two days, Bah Shylla has been sitting in the front seat near the CEM, but today, which is also the day he brought the NC, he has been moved to the front seat. The CEM will be taken to the seat in the last row.
The village has a dorbar hall, mobile services and postal services.
The police chief was arrested from Maukhuli area on the border of Kamrup district.
In the fields or in the fields, the mother and father are happy and happy and feel like owners or masters.
We also have the examples or signs that appear outside that as soon as Christmas comes we decorate, decorate, clean and paint all the houses we also want the compound. I'm going to clean up the garbage. I'm going to clean up the garbage. Look at the houses in the village, whether in the city or in the countryside. clothes and new shoes to wear at Christmas.
Twenty-four corona patients have died today due to lack of oxygen.
May God, the Creator, continue to bless us all so that we will continue to enjoy good health, prosperity and income,” concluded u These two organizations are from East Jaintia Hills District.
During the inspection, the KSU members also met with the chiefs of the Assam Regiment to discuss the reason why they blocked the road which the people pass through every day.
South Korean Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-wha told the BBC that they had started preparing test kits before there was a humanitarian crisis. you are sick.
Speaking to reporters, Bah P.Syiem, one of the elders of Kyrshai, said that the lack of proper roads from the area to Rambrai and Langpih has caused a lot of problems to the villagers. the people when they need to meet the rulers when they need to.
After the flag raising ceremony, the dance will start again and at 5:30 pm the dance will return to the Ïing Seng, Mawkhar which will end with the Shad Mastieh in the ground floor of the Seng. Home Organization.
They requested that from now on, this incident in these days has been a lesson to others that if there are any incidents in the village that if foreigners want to do anything they should have The Dorbar Shnong has been consulted beforehand so that there will be no criticism as has happened in the past few days.
The program was part of the celebration of the 75th Anniversary of Azadi Amrit Mahotsav. The meeting was conducted by Rev.L.Garod in the presence of J.Synnah, District Social Welfare. Officer.
Guwahati: A team of inquiry headed by retired judge Rumi Kumari has sent a report to the Assam state government regarding the Mukroh incident.
The Seng Rympei Kyrsiew Jaitbynriew is deeply saddened by this and urges those involved to do what they should do while there is still time.
At this time, he took out his mobile to take pictures of the cows. After the soldiers saw this, they seized the mobile and ordered to take him to Zero Point to shoot him there. , at this time he called for help and two neighboring hunting women came to his aid.
On the other hand, the public will have to be vigilant and vigilant.
The one day program was organized by the RMPS&SC at the village ground with the financial assistance of Yess Meghalaya which is one of the departments of the state government for the development of children and youth.
Various groups such as FOGSI, members from State Governments, CSOs, NGOs, partner groups, technology experts and others participated in the discussion.
“75% of Khasi women in the market have married Muslims, this is a fierce battle, we will be defeated, we have put in a Trading License, but when we search, a Khasi woman comes out and says “If you marry a Muslim, it's like you've already put a sword in your brother's neck,” said Bah Shylla. public address to market farmers.
The Government of India has declared nine days of mourning for the sudden death of the former President of the country who served as President from 2002 to
Hicks accompanied Trump on Air Force One on Tuesday to the election rally with Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden. .
The Seng will once again lodge a petition against these people who cannot apply for electricity without proper documents and NOC from the Dorbar Shnong. Another 27 households have received electricity and necessary documents, especially those with prepaid connections who have recently applied.
Golden Lion FC beat Ehrang FC 1-0 in the second half. Esbunme Rymbai scored the first goal of the match.
It has its own right to show if it does not agree with the laws made by the Government of India(as in Karnataka they do not accept).
In her petition, Kong Kharshiing sought the court's intervention on the failure of the police to take action on the complaint.
Gambegre MLA Saleng Sangma said that the invasion of Assam is not only for Meghalaya but for all the states in the eastern parts of the country.
He said the government would focus on providing training, opening up marketing opportunities, and setting up warehouses for the benefit of the weavers.
On the other hand, the Director General of Police, Dr. Lajja Ram Bishnoi, IPS, after the arrest of Kynja, has praised and announced that he will award the policemen for their hard work even in the country. you're halfway there.
Nagaland scored 92 runs in the second innings and lost all the batsmen, but initially Nagaland played well and scored 86 runs for the loss of only 3 wickets. Seven batsmen fell for 6 runs in 5 overs.
(ii) The implementation of Centrally Funded Projects should be entrusted to the Autonomous District Councils in conjunction with the audit of the expenditure by the CAG. there are heavy duties and great responsibility that it must fulfill for the benefit of the people.
The union also points out through the decision of the Supreme Court, in 1984, in which the court, in which, has made it clear, that if a person, holds another office, he cannot is, in the jurisdiction of the State Government, therefore, shall not be subject to this Act.
Drink about 2 or 3 times a day.
Shillong, July 27 : The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Wapung Unit on Tuesday opened the 2nd (L) Lurshai Hynniewta Knock Out Football Tournament
The motion was taken up in the House by Arjun Ram Meghwa, Minister of State for Home Affairs.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar, 07: The KSU Mawshynrut has discovered that a contractor, who has been employed to build houses under the PMAY scheme, has taken advantage of the PMAY scheme in Mawkhumkha, Mawshynrut Civil Sub. Division.
We have given here only a few points for the benefit of the people especially the Rangbah of the Hima Sohra.
And thus the world will see that the Khasi people are also a bright nation and have their own Thymmei Longbriew which is beautiful and not to be played with.
The winners will receive a cash prize of T.2 lakh and the runners-up T.1 lakh.
However, many other villages are run by intelligent people, who have made it easier for the villagers to comply with the rules and regulations laid down by the government.
The dead were three women and a 12-year-old boy, SP City Stephan Rynjah said.
Group A, Shillong – Umrit vs Seng Samla Laitryngew, 3pmGroup B, Jowai – Mulait United vs Youth Club Pdengkarong, 2:30pmGroup C, Mawkyrwat – Seven United vs Lumdiengngan, 3pmGroup D, Tura – Selsella, Sports FC Wasa As sociation.
He feared God and did not fear man, but he loved the people which we see until before his death.
On the Prime Minister's Employment Generation Program (PMEGP), he said the government has set a target to implement 1133 MPEGP projects in Meghalaya and out of these, 185 have already been funded.
Ummulong Beat House Police have immediately informed the Anti-Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) Jowai Police to take necessary action. A case has been registered at Jowai PS. C/No.92(07)22 U/S 21(c)/60(3) of the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing.
Samuel Khyriem 16' scored the winning goal for Seinbhalang.
Shillong: Heavy winds will be expected in parts of the state tomorrow and the weather will be cloudy in Shillong as well.
The governor has to take part in other programmes.
Mizoram has made the allegation in a letter sent to Ajay Kumar Bhalla, Secretary, Home Ministry, Government of India, which was sent by the Secretary Home Ministry. , You are the Great.
As usual when there is a challenge against the Lamphang, whoever holds this post will have to hand over to others.
“It should not happen in Meghalaya either.
As the appointees of the leaders it is our duty the people to judge their actions and deeds but since we all know only AM and not HIH so no one thinks about the future.
There have been 165 new cases of coronavirus in Sylhet, Kishoreganj, Barishal and Thakurgaon districts on Saturday.
After the four-hour deadline set by the Mamata Banerjee government yesterday for doctors to start their work, the new doctors have refused to start their work, saying they demanded the protection that is adequate for them.
The meeting was held on the basis of demanding from the government to immediately remove the waste that has been collected for many months in Iawmusiang.
Furthermore, the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has decided to hold a training camp for the selected players at Jagiroad, Assam.
you are a great doctor.
I'm sorry for that (the question).
Marak is confident that the Congress party will win the MP and MDC elections in the state as the state has grown steadily under the rule of the party.
According to a statement, Commander Shangpliang, Chairman of JACAMFU, said that this public meeting was part of the efforts to explain to the people about the government's lack of attention to the farmers.
Surprisingly, the electricity line does not exist and the problem is only in the transformer to distribute electricity to the village, but till now the transformer and the post lights have not been repaired or replaced to supply electricity to the village.
The Dolloi urged the BSF troops to provide patrols at the border area to avoid any problems especially during this time of COVID-1
Let understanding come in time and explain the goodness of returning.
We have seen that many Dorbar Shnongs have their own women's and youth organizations and that they come forward to protect the village in any case of protest or riots especially inside and outside the city.
Pearly Dew Higher Secondary School, Jaiaw Laitdom Shillong in collaboration with DUBAKH Sports Management will hold the Scholarship Basketball Try-outs tomorrow 11th June
On the 25th, Moosyiem Shangpung will play against Mookyndur at 12.00 pm while in the Super Division, Mynthong will play against Sailung Ïalong at 2.00 pm.
Besides this, NEHU won the gold medal through Hameshaniah Suiam who led NEHU and won the final of the All India Inter University Men's Kickboxing Championship 2021-2
He said that the indigenous people are part of the most important population of India but most of them have not received any support through the schemes of the Central Government.
After receiving reports that some Dorbar Shnongs in urban and rural areas have banned newspaper vendors from entering the villages to sell newspapers, the SNSBH urges and requests all Dorbar Shnongs in the Bri u Hynniewtrep to ensure that no one interferes with their movement in the villages when they come to sell newspapers.
Thankfully, I have been trained in many jobs.
All the markets in East Khasi Hills will be closed until only the shops in the villages are allowed to open. The home delivery services will be allowed to operate as usual.
Others who have lodged a complaint with the police are Hasan, a tin jot dealer who was accused of robbing inside his shop, a Khasi from Borsora (who was accused of robbing a hotel in Khyndailad). ), Hosor, the team leader, Apu from Jowai and Sagar who brought the army to Mamoni's house.
Shillong, Naitung 22: The Village Defense Party of Lulong Puriang, on the evening of the 19th of this month, has arrested two persons from their shop involved in the illegal sale of kyiad in the village despite the curfew. of the village.
Speaking to reporters, VK Paul, from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, said that the signs have become clear that the world has entered the third phase of the covid-19 pandemic.
The school visited by the RBYF under the leadership of Bah Neverson Makdoh and other leaders is Mangkathiang Makdoh Secondary School, Umpowin. Young people in the villages of Umpowin-Mawlasnai in Ri Bhoi District.
Speaking on the lack of law and order in Garo Hills, Sangma said the rebel groups should come forward and join hands to implement the demand for Garo State.
Accusing the Public Health Engineering (PHE) department of squandering the people, Richard said, “Not only have the residents lost their drinking water but even the Sordar Shnong of the village has lost their water supply. Imsamdrop also thanked the PHE department for forcing them to believe that the project has been completed.
Before the end of the first half, Villarreal had the opportunity to turn the tide through Juan Foyth, who headed in a corner from Alex Baena in the 26th minute.
He said that the 60 MLAs have fallen into sin because they have failed to follow the ILP which they have passed in the House.
The two-part training was first conducted for village leaders, NGOs and others on the campaign and its objectives.
“If something happens we will not fight tooth for tooth and eye for eye.
Speaking to reporters in Mumbai today, the Minister of Law and Justice, said that the country's income is good, with three films released on 2nd March, grossing. to T.120 crore.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, expressed his gratitude to the schools for receiving these Smart Classrooms and said that this will bring about a change in the quality of education. classroom children don't need to imagine what the teachers are teaching but through the screens they can see what is being taught. He urged the children to be obedient to their parents and teachers. He also congratulated Little Star School and other schools who have received this Smart Classrrom for their progress in education.
Visitors are requested to be patient until the disease is completely removed from your area.
This is according to a statement by Bah G.Mawlong, Publicity Secretary, Sts.
This includes EGH: 32 (Others), EJH: 18 (Others), EKH: 288 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –01, Others–287), RBD: 109 (Others), NGH: 01 (Others), SGH : 07 (Others), SWGH: 18 (Others), SWKH: 47 (Others), WGH: 31 (Others), WJH: 31 (Others) and WKH: 12 (Others).
The Junior Engineer of PWD in charge of the project, Nemingson Marak, died on the spot.
Shillong: The body of Bah David Arnold Nongrum, MLA of Mawryngkneng Constituency, was laid to rest at the Catholic Cemetery in Umpling, Shillong. by Fr Glorious Syiemlieh of the Parish of Nongthymmai.
Speaking to media after the prayer, SACYM President Alvin Savio Kharkongngor said that the prayer is to join hands with the youth of Khandwa who have been killed. The Catholic Youth Conference was held from 2nd to 5th March but had to be postponed due to the allegations by the religious leaders that the meeting was a forced conversion of the youth. Police have also ordered to end the gathering of Catholic youth.
He said ITIs in Shillong and Tura have been prepared to operate through PPP mode.
Shillong: After the incident of a 17-year-old boy colliding with a motorcycle on Mawlai Road, the office of the District Transport Officer DTO of East Khasi Hills has been accused of robbery. The DTO of East Khasi Hills, today said that the DTO of East Khasi Hills, in an interview with several media outlets, has issued a learner driving licence even though he has not reached the age of The issuance of learner driving license by the office is legal in accordance with the provisions of the Motor Vehicle Act.
“I just want to clarify here that there may be an attempt to mislead that in Meghalaya we don't have Panchayati Raj and maybe we can lose schemes because we don't have Panchayati Raj. said.
Besides the chief guests, the Headmaster of the school, Babu Badonbok Paliar, teachers, students and others were also present.
However, that will not happen if there are not enough farmers who are the source of income.
Speaking briefly at the awarding ceremony held by the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society (MACS) at the Directorate of Health Services (Research), Shillong, she said that it is necessary to work through the cooperation of all to fight against AIDS. this disease.
We are only sheep if we think in this regard, not like a lion in a cave to eat peacefully.
There has been heavy unrest in Jammu and Kashmir since yesterday.
“Lydia, why did this happen?” asked Hep. “I don't know, Hep...” Lydia replied. Hep turned around and hesitated because he understood that it was the day Bah Let came home.
The reason for the suspension of the post of Minister of Home Affairs is that the Chief Minister has not been able to take a final decision on where to appoint the post. He said that he has no intention of appointing one of the independent MLAs in the ruling party, but he said that this has caused a lot of trouble for the prime minister as there are many Parliamentary Secretaries in the state. close friends of his who expect to be promoted to the ministerial seat.
It has become clear that Assam's violence against the Khasi in the state has not worked even to grant Scheduled Tribe, but it has handed over to a political party and it is not. The Tribal Sangha is a government organization and its mission is to issue citizenship certificates to more than 2 lakh Khasi in Assam.
On the 20th of this month, the village authorities received a tip that the victim was tied with a sdie or a knife in the head. of him until it caused that man to die from this earth.
The two teams had to share 10 points each after being hit by the rain on the opening day of the tournament on Monday at the MCA Stadium, Polo, Shillong.
“The Pakistani troops’ offensive activities along the LoC have decreased but it has not reduced the deployment of troops,” the source said.
If we sum up the water availability across India at least before 2040, the water shortage will be about 63 billion cubic meters of water between supply and demand,” he said.
After many months, Rida felt very different.
The visit was led by the Chairman of the Committee on Estimate, Rajesh Gupta, MLA, Ajay Dutta, MLA and other MLAs.
The KNOCK OUT FOOTBALL TOURNAMENT 2023 has been held for the second day today 17th July 2023 organized by the RI KHASI Social & Cultural Sports Club. Shillong Lajong FC beat West Phi Oin-B FC 2-1 in the first leg of the tournament.
The meeting was attended by all the members of JSM Wahiajer-Ummulong Area, the caregivers of these children and some of the mothers from the area. He gave a warning to encourage them regarding their education and said that education is the light that can give light for the future in these days. Knowledge is the foundation for each person in human beings.
The race route includes the transportation of steep slopes from Sohrarim to Nongtraw, steep slopes, siej slopes, streams and steep slopes.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Banisha said that at the time of the incident, there were only three children. I found that my house had been destroyed by the fall of this tree.
On the other hand, the leaders of the Dorbar Raid Nongpoh have expressed their gratitude to the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh for his inspection of the tourist attraction. The place of worship of the Raid Nongpoh.
The KSU also expressed its surprise that the government would call for a meeting on the NHAI's lack of attention on this road, but it did not happen as expected. to open the revenue collection gate.
Speaking as the chief guest, Kong SM Bang said that from time to time the Social Welfare Department together with the Health Department and the BDO Office, have been working together to implement the tasks assigned to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. whether it is from the Central Government or the State Government, and in this case too.
That is the characteristic of Sati sharyngkuid according to the ancient legends of the Khasi.
Look at the votes in the last elections in Assam, West Bengal and Kerala, the Congress has earned more than any other party.
Agenda:-
But the journey was not to the place where he was.
On the other hand, Bah Ardent, President of the VPP party, expressed his concern regarding the election campaign speeches and the allegations of overpricing by the Hima political parties in the election campaigns.
I am not here to blame anyone because the system has been slow and the recruitment did not happen at that time when many people were older.
“It may be that this government and its leaders don't understand anything about the border issue or it may be that the two prime ministers have already decided to give the land to Assam,” he said. said Dr Mukul.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 28: Although the Langpih area has not yet been confirmed whether it belongs to Meghalaya or Assam, since the construction of the road and development works from the government have started. Many people from all over the country have come to work or buy land in the area.
On this occasion, Bah Pius Marweiñ, MLA/MDC of Ranikor Constituency, said that there have been landslides on the roads from Mawsynram to Ranikor and also from Mawkyrwat to Ranikor. Nongjri, Rajaju, Nongkulang and other areas have been affected by the landslides and not only in the landslides but also in the landslides. and the people were drowned in the waters.
The body was first found by the fishermen who went to the river, where they informed the youths of Saiden village and which prompted the youths of Saiden village to rush to the river. The place where they found the body was buried in Byrni.
Therefore, the Circle urges the relevant authorities to send doctors immediately so that the people can get the benefits and treatment quickly when they get any diseases, said the statement from Samla. Rapborlang Nongrum General Secretary KSU Mawlai Circle.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Iewduh Association (HIA) has strongly condemned the refusal of the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Ainam Sing Syiem to meet with them at the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Mawkhar. .
He stood up from his seat to throw it away.
He said that this struggle against the State Government will ensure that future generations will have the opportunity to contest the elections.
Why don't we know who to blame, the politicians or the people? In fact, we should examine ourselves before judging others.
The Minister's office has sent information about the incident to the Delhi Police for further investigation.
“This is the new Meghalaya.
Research Fellow, Meghalaya Climate Change, Shillong presented the paper 'Go green' and Dr. Bingiala Laloo, Asstt.
“According to the Court Order, it also states that the Khasi Hills Trading Regulation Act 1954, 1954, has the right to release any person including foreigners. “If the residents have already applied for the trading licence, we should complete it within six months, that is since 2014,” he added.
Speaking on the occasion, u Wailad said that he is pleased to see that the JMB has improved in many areas and this expansion of the office of the department will make it easier for the staff of the office. The office will also be able to conduct various awareness programs as the Municipal has many awareness programs in the building.
According to the Traffic Department of East Khasi Hills, the fines have been very high and this shows that there has been a serious violation of traffic laws in this district especially in Shillong.
The former Chief Minister said that the tragic incident which led to the killing of innocent people in Mukroh village is only because the government authorities have not taken action on this issue. a village which has been bordered by Assam.
The total number of cases in the State is
The MCA also honored members of the Support Staff, including Ranjana Yadav (Head Coach), Marty Mustafa (Asst. Coach), Helina D Sangma ((Trainer), Lucky Mary Marbaniang ( Physio TBD-Manager), and RBDCA-Nongpoh who will accompany the players to the tournament in Gujarat.
Nepalese Cotton is a plant that can grow up to 3 feet tall, with many branches.
Their life is a failure.
“We have taken this opportunity to amend the provisions of the Meghalaya Police Act, 2010 by amending Section 36 1 (f) of the Act to allow for the appointment of a full member secretary of the Commission.
Nongpoh: The welcoming ceremony of Bah DD Lapang to the National People's Party (NPP) has just started within minutes of this writing.
This person just wants to do politics because of the Assam Assembly election.
The HNLC has made it clear that if the decision is not taken on July 2, 2014, the Council will call a curfew on July 3, starting from 6am to 6pm.
Therefore, the Police will continue to strengthen the security forces by bringing in more CRPF and Additional Battalions from the state to maintain peace and order in Ri-Bhoi District.
Ardent said that from now on, he will continue to fight alone because if you sit alone or many, if you are not strong, you will not win.
Its height is estimated to be about 50 feet in diameter and 150 feet in length. From that stream it went to the IB Mawkdok Square, and here it cut down the branches of the trees that were there. Then it went to the Sohra Road in the middle of the road to Dympep. The place was very close to our sight, and finally it moved to the village of Swer near the village of Mawkdok, and it flew away and disappeared.
If the farmers get relief from the heat of the sun, they don't build trees and if they build their own traps, but in the city, people hide in the houses or in the shatri built by the rooms. kor you juk now.
In the first leg, Tei Lyngdoh scored the first goal for Mookaswan Dongneiñ in the 65th minute. Chyrmang Wah scored the third goal in the 42nd minute.
The JSU takes this opportunity to congratulate all those who took part in this celebration on this day which is the Independence Day of the country.
The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) has decided to look into the issue of demanding a government college in Khliehriat, as well as the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Eight Schedule of the Constitution.
The name of Jesus goes beyond the borders of Israel and this prophecy is fulfilled, God has done new things in Israel now and it is time for Israel to know this, that the Son God came to earth from the Jewish nation in Israel and salvation is from the Jews.
Anyone with information about the child is requested to contact the District Child Protection Unit EKH on 0364-2502310 and the Child Welfare Committee EKH on
Miss Lakuthing will receive Rs.35,000, First Runner Up Rs.20,000, Second Runner Up Rs.10,000 and five Consolation Prizes of 2000 tyngka each.
I would like to suggest that instead of students bringing a letter from their parents, the relevant department should trust and allow the school principals to arrange for their communication. students and teachers according to the circumstances of the different parts of the state.
His character did not allow him to sit still, he worked as a village worker and he also served as the Rangbah Shnong of Umsohsun and served the village in the duties assigned to him.
The Minister said that he does not have any detailed information regarding the question raised by the VPP leader from Mawlai, Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang regarding the government forests that have been converted by persons who are not employees of this agency.
During his time with the club, he has also played in the I-League until
Speaking to media, Zenith Sangma said the party's support for the NPP-led government is based on their blind support.
The opening of the Hall was also part of the celebration of the birthday of Thomas Jones, who became a Missionary of the Welsh Presbyterian Mission to sow not only the seeds of faith but also to give. The Khasi people have learned the alphabet.
Look, once they win, no doubt the MLAs and the party that wins will not count anymore or respect their supporters but without doubt they will convince and encourage the supporters to go to the party. the party does not form a government.
A family has been destroyed by a fire which broke out on the morning of 10th July at Mawlai Umjaiur, Block 5 Mawthohrew at about 9 pm.
The order strictly prohibits those who violate these rules from being severely punished by the coal owners, owners and drivers of trucks as well as the workers.
Because of the disagreement within the Congress party, many believe that the NDA government led by the BJP will impose President Rule in the state only if it gets the chance to abolish it. the Congress is not in power.
Nongpoh: Eight passengers, who were riding in a Sumo (ML-05-M-8439), were injured when the vehicle they were riding overturned between the NH-6 near Mawtnum village, Ri Bhoi.
Lamare demanded that the police should punish these two persons for violating the model code of conduct and said that he has evidence from the video ring.
“The Tribal Recognition Act should be amended so that only a few tribals can get the benefits and not all the 66 schedule tribes,” said the Deputy CEM. Kharkongor said that the Supreme Court has ruled that other ethnic groups cannot get all the unemployment benefits if they go to other states where the Ministry of Home Affairs has also followed suit.
The prevalence of robbers threatens the residents.
Regarding the Covid-19 pandemic, Father Richard M Majaw said that it cannot be said that the pandemic and the closure of the dam have been the problems that we all have faced including the day labourers. , students, spiritual activities and others.
Damepaia Shylla scored the second goal for Lumkhangdong Kyndongtuber in the 24th minute and the second in the 56th minute.
Regarding this murder, the Kur Lamare Jaintia Pyllun appeals to the law enforcement authorities through the police department to take immediate action and arrest the robbers involved in this murder and punish them. also to them according to the powers of the law.
The soul that has been trained and trained, It is not permissible to play, to despise, or to deceive.
The withdrawal of the complaint was on the grounds that the policeman had come to apologize and make peace at the Seng office in Jaiaw.
In fact, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills has directed that all shops should display the prices of goods in front of the shops so that the customers can see.
As soon as they had agreed, the two men ran their hands to wash their clothes.
Furthermore, Dr. Mawrie said that in the fight against this disease we need the cooperation of the villages, village leaders and the private sector.
The Best Discipline School was awarded to St. Marys Mazzarello Girls' Higher Secondary School.
“We will wait for the decision of the court on this after the government appeals against its decision,” he said.
However, the Governor in a notification in June has agreed to extend for another six months from 13th June 2024,” he said.
Mumbai: Bollywood actress Shabana Azmi has been robbed in a liquor shop in recent days.
Before Halbert went to his shop, his mother said, "Halbert, come and buy me a cow so that we can eat once in a lifetime that your sister has received a syrnod and we will eat it. .
The incident happened at 8 pm and was reported at 2 pm after the survivors from Garo Hills called their relatives and the relatives called to inform. The DC and SP of EJH have informed the DC and SP of EJH. Today, the Congress MLAs have come to the scene and afterwards, the Congress MLAs have come to the scene. When they spoke to the Assistant Commandant NDRF, they got all the information about the incident.
She revealed the name of the Popular Front of India (PFI), a Muslim group banned for involvement with insurgents, along with the Bajrang Dal, which used to take the law into its own hands. , robbery and participating in robbery, and other acts of violence.
Frankie Pariat, who works at the AG Office, Shillong and was one of the prominent athletes and football players of the State, passed away on 14th July
On the Congress' allegation that the MDA has joined hands with the BJP where AL Hek is a government minister, Dr Kharlukhi said that Hek is one of those who took part in the opposition to the CAB. The MDA government has taken a decision.
When it says that the righteous will be caught up into heaven, but they will not go first, those who have risen from the dead 1 Thess 4:15 “.
He said that a few months before the incident on 13th July 2021, there were many demands for money from many private individuals, businessmen and even politicians. she claimed.
Moni Bamon of Ummulong Sports Club took three wickets in four overs.
The Presidential candidate has come here to seek support for the Presidential election and to raise these issues before her is inappropriate.
The Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma in his speech, said that the construction of this center is not only for the benefit of Sohphan but also for other types of education. get the books of the people of this area.
News producers who use videos coming from political parties must clearly indicate that these come from these sources.
The KSU also urges the people to be vigilant against any kind of companies or people who trick them into making money.
I just talk and I feel like I'm a Khasi and a foreigner,” he said to himself.
Nongpoh: Four MLAs from Ri Bhoi District, including Mayral Born Syiem, Nongpoh MLA, Jirang MLA, Jason S. Mawlong, Umsning MLA and George B Lyngdoh, Umroi MLA, have received the I would like to express my sincere gratitude to Kong RM Kurbah, Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District, for her hard work in making the District benefit from the District. Aspirational Districts within the country.
The number of cases of the coronavirus has risen to 5 million worldwide, with Latin American countries surpassing the United States and Europe last month in the highest number of cases. the patients.
Economic development should be orderly throughout the state so that no one is discriminated against in any way, and social development should be in such a way that mutual support to achieve sha you thong.
The semi final will be played on Saturday 22nd November 2023 at the First Ground, SSA Stadium (Polo), Shillong.
Yes, yes, lynñiar that man.
Tura, Iaiong 11 : Police have arrested a man for allegedly raping a disabled child several times from his hiding place in the forest in South Garo Hills.
“Apollo Hospital, Chennai has been selected to run the dialysis program in Assam and the agreement has been signed for a period of five years,” Sarma said.
Shillong: Many students who have taken the final examination of Class 10 or SSLC, conducted by MBO SE, have failed to write the examination, due to the earthquake near Pynursla. The road is the only road that many villages can pass through.
He said that as the residents of these five villages, they want to be part of Meghalaya.
Isawanda Laloo congratulated the Umphrup Village Council and the Mawryngkneng C&RD Block.
He said that according to the Reservation Policy which was formulated on 12.01.1972, it is clear that the reservation policy should be based on the population of Khasi for the past 50 years. Jaintia and 40% for Garo, he said, according to which this share may have been sufficient in the past but now it has changed in terms of population.
“A person is the same whether he is a Dkhar, a Phareng or a Khasi but it is the difference in the way of thinking that the same person is rich and the same person is poor.
We have met with the Managing Director (MD) and requested him to release our salary which has been 10 months,” said Bah Wahlang.
Speaking to media, Bah Roberjune Kharjahrin said that the government from time to time has been clean and clean that there is no illegal trade in coal. only the speech of salvation.
All these seem to be from the media, but there are still few people who know or talk about Bah Peter Shallam.
Before his speech, Rymbui also launched books on birds, animals and wildlife found in Jaintia Hills.
It should also ensure the smooth delivery of goods or medicines to all parts of the country.
Shillong: The State Government under the leadership of Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma after the Cabinet meeting today decided to appoint all the ministers in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) coalition government. They will approve the decision to implement the Inner Line Permit under the Eastern Frontier Regulation Act 1873 throughout the State of Meghalaya.
Nongpoh:The District Labour Office, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh invites all employees, job card workers, farmers, ASHAs, wadi helpers, shopkeepers, drivers, domestic workers and all other jobs. including in the unorganized sector, those aged 16-59 years should register themselves to become members under the E-Shram Portal through the website www.eshram.
Why does the CM and the ministers want a resolution to demand the release of Meghalaya?
Shillong: A policeman has been charged with sending a tar iit iong to the MLA of Rambrai Jyrngam.
In 1992, Hindu extremists destroyed a Muslim mosque in Ayodhya.
The SP of Ri-Bhoi, Bah GD Kharwanlang, in a statement to the media, said that the police have seized the explosives and the two robbers involved in the incident. It is the responsibility of the Ri-Bhoi Police.
Jowai: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), West Jaintia Hills District today announced that the NFSA (AAY & PHH) and Non-NFSA ration for the month of July, 2023 has been released to all wholesale outlets for delivery to all ration shops from the 8th to the 15th of June.
Some of the elders in Nongstoiñ, who did not want to be named, said that according to the information they have received, it was planned to give to a private individual to run the IB, without call public tender as it should be.
At the same time, he added that they have joined and supported Bah KP Pangñiang because he speaks well in Garo and they don't have any problems when they speak. development works in their villages and because he knew their language well, his closeness and love for him affected him as the days went by.
Shillong, Jymmang 9: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KSU) North Khasi Hills District on Tuesday said that there are three Hima on the border with Assam in Ri Bhoi District.
Local and global partnerships are essential for sustainable development," she said.
The plane was 6 years old.
(Matt.24:12) A Little About Love What is love? Love is a precious gift from God. Everyone needs love from children to the elderly.
I Love You and Ramesh Dkhar have killed a taxi driver from Jowai to Ladrym, Damehipaïa Pareng, who has been missing since 10th July.
The decision was taken at a meeting held between the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills Pravin Bakshi, SDO Civil RC Malakar and the civil society groups of Garo Hills.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 29: The District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District in collaboration with the District Administration today held a sports tournament. The Children Games for boys and girls under 12 years old was held at Artificial Turf Ground, MDSA, Mawkyrwat.
The National People's Party (NPP) Leader Conrad K Sangma, who is also the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, after casting his vote at Walbakgre LP School, South Tura, expressed his happiness to see He said that the people have turned out to vote and he hopes to win again this time.
Dr Saraswat, who is the scientist behind India's Prithvi missile, said there are many programs designed specifically for the implementation of the North East such as the construction of roads, railways, and others.
Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah S Nongtnger, said that the suspect was arrested on 23rd October from Khyndai Lad, Police Bazar. which is the source of this young man.
The Minister urged all groups in the society that it is time to bring peace and promote good relations in the society.
Jowai, Jymmang 22: Police in Khlieh Riat have recovered a body suspected to be a foreigner.
This comes after they won the quarter final match held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai on Tuesday.
KHNAM MDCs and some non-KHNAM MDCs today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Dr KK Paul to protest against the decision of the Congress-led Executive Committee of KHUDA to split. to the constituencies without following the rules.
The Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament 2023, organized by the office of the District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District, has almost arrived. Six teams reached the final at the Artificial Turf Stadium, MDSA, South West Khasi Hills District.
He said it is shocking how the central government has set a different and higher tax rate for those involved in the tourism industry and this is not right.
It is said that he was Robert Card, who used to work in the US military arms factory, but was fired because of mental illness.
Z Lohe, speaking at a one-day seminar at Dimapur Government College today, said that the vision of the Government of India is that the North East He also asked whether the Government of India has stopped wearing the uniform of unity in the face of ethnic differences.
The Minister said that the officers of the State Bank are in a position to change the service delivery of banks because the people have the utmost trust in the State Bank.
After investigation into the seizure of the drugs and other items, the Ri Bhoi Police have registered a case under the NDPS Act. They are still being investigated according to the rules of law, said Giri Prasad, Chief Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi.
Shangpliang strongly criticized Mawrie for allegedly appointing his brother as President of BJP Mawsynram Mandal and said that Mawrie has appointed his wife as General Secretary. of the BJP Mahila Morcha and appointed those who are eligible to take over this post who have been working hard for many years.
Elina is a strong opponent and it is a very difficult fight," said the Czech.
The goal is to unite as farmers to fight against many forces who want to insult the farmers whether it is with the government as well as with the traders who want to insult the farmers.
For more information, please call
“After I returned to Shillong, I had the opportunity to come to Nongkhnum through the DC to give training to these youngsters of these three villages. He found that these children who came to participate were obedient but the problem was that I didn't learn the language but after a few months I was able to understand a little bit. the village language in the area," said Rana.
Johnny Depp and Amber Heard met on the set of The Rum Diary in
The Government should develop appropriate policies in such a way that it does not work from behind.
Laitphar said the purpose of the copy of the bill was to protest against the passage and public notice of the implementation of the Citizenship (Amendment) Rules, 2024 which will allow believers from seven countries including Pakistan, Pakistan, Afghanistan and Bangladesh to become citizens of India.
We as the family of I (L) Mirbon Jungai who passed away on 9th May, 2024, express our deepest gratitude to God who has been with us as a family in It is not like this time when the darkness comes to destroy us.
However, this is a false and deceitful news by these people who want to insult us the office bearers and supporters of the NPP party and also the MLA of the area Sniawbhalang Dhar who has worked hard as much as he can. development of the region and the Constituency as a whole in terms of economic development.
:Wahkaji S&CC beat Mawthawiang Nongtraw SC 6-0 in the first leg of the 2nd Division Mawthawiang Nongtraw SC. (MDSA) at MDSA Square.
It is learned that the Assam Police and the residents of Karbi have destroyed about 5000 trees planted by Lapangap village on the hill of Lum Moo Pyrdet Pynthor Lapangap. , Shilliang Myntang District, Meghalaya.
In the past three years, the MDA has been accused of being a corrupt government but the surprising thing is that not a single minister or MLA in the government has been investigated. he was caught.
Coke 4.
She is tall, short-haired, 4 feet 8 inches tall, speaks Dkhar, wears blue jeans, sandals, and a blue dress.
How many other ethnic groups besides Hindus living in Bangladesh have invaded,” he added.
Agriculture-related activities are the income of the villagers.
On the second day, there will be another discussion on the Systematic Voters' Education and Electoral Participation (SVEEP) along with a visit to the recently opened Integrated Election Complex at Bakhtawarpur.
The Dainthlen Valley has also been used to supply drinking water for the Riwar Shella area but the valley is now filled with garbage such as plastic bottles and garbage.
Listen to me to tell you, About the village of Mawkhlam, About a hundred years ago, A famous incident.
Besides, there is no restriction so I speak freely," she said.
"If the MoU is signed through the Interstate Council by the announcement of the President of the country and in accordance with the rules of law, it will be possible to consult with the people living on the border, the Government of Assam or the Central Government. when the bill is passed, it becomes the law," he said.
We are proud of the contributions of the heroes of the state like Tirot Singh, Kiang Nangbah, Pa Togan Sangma who gave themselves to liberate us.
In addition, there may also be clever groups that steal and steal vehicles, bicycles and motorcycles with the intention of selling them at auction to other states.
He said the Central Government has taken steps to implement its schemes for every individual and household.
“Therefore, the FKJGP urges all the political parties in the State not to look back on the past 50 years, but to reshape the years to come if they have the responsibility and the vision.
During the meeting, the FOCUSS leaders explained to Rijiju the desire of the ADCs of the North East to amend the 6th Schedule and also the lack of funds from the central government.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Minister explained that the opening of the Block Office at Shahlang is for the convenience of the people and to speed up the implementation of the assistance allocated by the government. the role of all citizens.
He said that at the end of the selection and inspection of all constituencies and polling stations, there will be an announcement regarding the possibility of holding public meetings and election campaigns across parts of the country. The elections are scheduled to be held in the last month of July
It is a world of stealing, lying and corruption.
Mizoram Chief Minister Lalduhoma has recently expressed his strong opposition to the central government's plan to sign the India-Myanmar border and abolish the Free Movement Regime (FMR). .
When the 2008 election came, I was still waiting to return, but those who said that the people said from the 2nd we will return on the 20th, ka KHNAM.Therefore, I would like to tell you again, “I don't look at the 'Si ia tur' who sell shit to the market, I don't look at the 'Si Lur' who work hard because they produce khaw. wheat, beans, peas," he said.
The meeting was conducted by the Waheh Shnong of Amlarem, Kampher Pohlong.
How to hold the dorbar: Before holding the dorbar, the Syiem sends information to the Basan Raj (the chief in charge of the dorbar). village chief) to go and proclaim the village and inform all the villagers to hold a dorbar on that date and at that place.
hap ready food.
However, before the tussle between the two leaders of the MUA I and II governments, Dr Mukul Sangma accused Bah Duh Prestone of going to Kolkatta frequently and knowing what was going on. Kolkata? I don't have to be in the office but I just go around without even having an official duty just to spend government money.
And this generation shall not pass away, till all these things be fulfilled.
The unrotten garbage was dumped in the places built by the village while the unrotten garbage was brought by the Municipal from Shillong.
For AAY rice at the rate of 35 kilos per household (no payment of Money).
After filing his nomination, former CEM of JHADC Moonlight Pariat said he decided to contest again because he saw that the CM would approve the amendment to the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. of India.
The army said that the militants planned to carry out a serious attack through the deployment of these IEDs, which endangered military and civilian vehicles walk through this road.
Noting that the railway will benefit only foreigners, the President of the JNC said, “Illegal immigrants will increase, cleanliness will increase especially in the rural areas which has increased.
By Samla Professor MawkonInformation & Publicity SecretarySSSS East Khasi Hills District.
The JYF after meeting with the Joint Director, urged the students to submit their names to the JYF office on the 11th of this month.
But I have no reason other than to believe it's just due to failure," he said.
Sema said the Government has also received information that there are some Government doctors and Government employees who do not reach their places of residence to serve the people. it affected their service delivery to health facilities.
Police have also conducted investigation into Lambok Synshiang, the driver of another truck but he did not know the name and address of the driver. They are conducting a thorough search for the driver of the truck.
The contest was organized by the Fashion Society Shillong (FSS).
Within five months from November 2020 to October 2021, the JHADC has issued 14 NOCs to set up coke factories to private individuals and companies.
Prof. Bobby S. Basan gave the welcome speech and Prof. Wanpli Kharwanlang gave the welcome speech.
The duty of those who are more knowledgeable is to guide those who are just beginning in any field.
This is the highest price increase in petrol in Shillong and the state as a whole.
Shillong: The GVK EMRI has ordered the transfer of its president Roypar Kharraswai and secretary Susan Lyngdoh to Garo Hills. They will hold a stronger protest if the government and the company comply with this order.
The two doctors who were honored on this occasion were Dr. Wankyrpangmi Lyngdoh and Dr. Pathaikiru Lyngdoh.
Other demands include the recognition or permission of farmers to become members of the Meghalaya Building and Other Constructions Welfare Board and to enroll farmers in the Health, Social and Pension Schemes run by the government. I'm sick, poor, or have children.
The public hearings will be held from 11 am to 4 pm.
“Such a system is needed to install one in Shillong as Shillong is also at risk of pollution due to the overcrowding of vehicles,” said Dr. Changsan.
“Finally, there are many violations of the rights of the indigenous people especially in Garo Hills, therefore, it is necessary to reveal something which can only be done if a Judicial High Level Inquiry is appointed to reveal the truth about the incident. “Soon in Tura,” he said, adding, “The women in the society are becoming sohpdung and that is why it is necessary to restore the trust in the justice system.
At the same time, he admitted that the BJP MP candidate from Shillong Parliamentary constituency, Bah Sanbor Shullai, has the hope of winning the election this time.
The government has been in power for 10 years but the state still has many shortcomings such as roads, schools, colleges and health facilities.
The GSU leader alleged that the arrest of the President of the KSU is a saintly plot by the Chief Minister and demanded that he should step down.
After receiving a complaint from the residents regarding the problems faced by the company in the implementation of two projects in 9 mer village, the CORP has gone to inspect itself to find out the problems. In fact, during the inspection, the union found that the construction of Amrit has affected the people in which the roads have been destroyed due to the movement of heavy vehicles of the company. The roads have been affected and the drinking water supply has been polluted by the flow of garbage from the project.
The union said that it is shocking that if you walk now, you can see that the road has started to collapse in some of the damaged areas.
The party will meet tomorrow morning to consider these candidates before taking a final decision.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh has arrived as the Chief Guest at the 7th Economic Times' Best Healthcare Brands 2023 conference held in Delhi.
Mr. Andrew Simon and Prof. Phibankhamti Ryngnga also spoke briefly about the books contained in their writings.
The police started entering the house and searched the house until they found him from the bedroom.
Ahead of the polling day, Rahul Gandhi has called on the Congress supporters to be vigilant and not to be discouraged by these false news. Lok Sabha elections 2019 results.
He said that his concern on many issues is not the reason why he was removed from the post of Minister led by Conrad K Sangma as the Prime Minister.
At the same time, it is advised not to make false or deceitful statements or unfounded statements.
and after the expiry of the quarantine period, they can leave the place where they are without any test whether they have recovered from Corona or Corona. they are not in their bodies.
He said that the KSU does not teach its members to become sources of wealth in the society, or to accumulate wealth but as members of the KSU they should have a responsibility to their family and nation. We may face many challenges but we should not be afraid or lose hope, because the goal is to achieve a good purpose and foundation, and through this seed of the KSU planted in this village believe “It is necessary to grow and develop and to provide services to the people especially the nation,” he added.
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has condemned the strike by the doctors of NRS Medical College in Kolkata and called on them to end their strike.
The VPP candidate in a complaint submitted to the Sadar Police Station has requested the police to conduct an investigation into the incident.
Speaking at the meeting, the President of FKJGP JHDU, Tuesday Lytep, said that if the police really want to arrest him, there will be no problem.
The Jowai Municipal Board has installed four CCTV cameras inside Thomas Jones Synod College, Iawmusiang and the main road of Jowai.
It is worth mentioning that the KHADC has invited the public to hear the decision of the people whether they want to issue a license to the company but the opposition groups have alleged that they have not. They were invited but the villages that were not affected by the company's pollution were invited.
Laskein Cultural and Sports Club beat St. Dominic Higher Secondary School 3-0 in the final of the Chief Minister Under 12 Open Football Tournament for boys, Laskein Block today. June 2023.
Appreciate the government's efforts to bring the rule of law to the people.
Under the Pig Farming Mission, the Government has provided assistance to 253 Cooperative Societies which have received assistance of not less than Rs 44 crore.
These days, there is a great depression among the Russian army, according to The Mirror newspaper, from the incident, which has affected the strength of the country's army.
Before buying, you should check with the police station.
In the second innings, Shillong Secondary scored 89 runs in 11 overs.
Shillong: U Bah Jemino Mawthoh, MP candidate of the United Democratic Party (UDP) supported by the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA), will hold a public meeting at Polo Ground on Tuesday, June 2, 2019 at 10 am. tomorrow, to discuss the 2019 MP elections.
Major Manlun is a member of the NCC of St Anthonys College and has wanted to serve in the army since he was a child.
The question is why no application has been made for these vacancies since
The new cases include EGH: 06 (Others), EJH: 16 (Others), EKH: 206 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –28, Others–178), NGH: 03 (Others), RBD: 60 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –01, Others–59), SGH: 06 (Others), SWGH: 02 (Others), SWKH: 05 (Others), WGH: 15 (Others), WJH: 115 (Others) and WKH: 04(Others).
The death toll in Britain has risen to 980, bringing the total to 8,9
“These ASHAs marched from Tympang Iawmusiang Square in Jowai through Iawmusiang Highway to New Hills and ended at Ladthadlaboh Square.
“He also admitted that he is in hospital, how can he go to hospital when we have not touched even his body, we cannot believe that he is injured and he should prove and if he knows that he is “The ABVP member who attacked should lodge an ejahar against the person involved and the Court will take the appropriate action,” said the Secretary of ABVP Meghalaya.
He said that in the past, the challans that have not been used have been renewed. He requested Conrad to investigate into this matter so that the coal traders will not be affected and misled. to the officers.
The youth is a resident of Mawprem.
The AJYWO suggests to the State Government to consider other urgent development projects in the District, such as the improvement of health facilities, the construction of roads to connect the Government Secondary, Higher Secondary School and Government College, District Auditorium cum Library, Immediate repair of NH-6 and fourlane road. ) from Damsite to Malidor and other urgent development works.
They were identified as Regardfull Susngi, 24, of Nangbah Dukhu and Samphuhbha Pala, 24, of Moodymmai Lumsalah.
On the other hand, Santa Mary Shylla promised before the KSU that she will take action on this issue and promised to take action and inform the state government and the relevant authorities. The Home Ministry of the Government of India regarding the illegal BSF camp at Sonapyrdi and said that it will work together on this issue.
The JNC-CEC on Tuesday met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District to seek clarification on the closure of C&RD Block Lumshnong for many months.
She started the celebration by cleaning up UMKALIAR which is only a small part of Wahumkhrah.
Noida police on Thursday said they had arrested three employees of the company.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government today approved a $98 million allocation for the development of eco-tourism. more and to provide protection) within the State.
Rangdajied United FC scored seven goals through Embha M Kharkongor in the 15th, 21st, 29th and 35th minutes and Tosanbha Pathaw Syngai in the 38th minute. the 27th and 47th minutes.
Manik was also jailed for illegal employment in government-aided schools in West Bengal.
Referring to education, Bah Batkupar said that Khasi-Jaintia students who should continue their education often go higher although the marks they get are high which have reached 70% or more. They don't get their share from the government quota because only 40% is allocated and there is no count of their ability to do well, but Garo students only 36% or only 40%. they got to study abroad or pursue their studies further.
She also spoke about missing students, if you find them, you should report them to the police or phone the Child Line number
The EC of the PDF led by Bah Pynshngain N Syiem as CEM has convened a special session of the KHADC on 14th November to confirm the candidate. The State Government will not accept it.
The functions of this office shall ensure that all electricity supply or distribution stations are safe in accordance with Section 53 of the Electricity Act 2003 and the regulations contained therein.
Shillong: Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Shillong, on Tuesday said that he is reading the report submitted by the Independent Investigation Team on the shooting death of Bah Cheristerfield. Thank you.
The Priority Household (PHH) ration will be distributed at the rate of 5 kg per head free of charge in urban and rural areas.
The Seng feels that the government instead of destroying the railway line should immediately improve the construction of the Entry & Exit points especially in Ri-Bhoi. which is the main route for people coming through Assam and other parts of the country with inter state and international borders.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today said that some MDCs have come to meet him to verify their majority in the District Council.
Hundreds of households in Nongdewsaw village have been affected by the sudden storm on the night of 10th June, which fell on Sunday and damaged many houses. The collapse of trees and the collapse of vehicles on the main roads and the collapse of electricity posts have caused darkness in the village, said Bah AB Warjri. Village Headman.
"Yes... I don't know who did it to walk with us..." said Kongthei Daplin. "I don't know now, I don't trust people..." Lano said. sha lyndet..." said Mrs. Daplin.
Dr.H.Carehome said, “It is a great benefit for us as herbalists to take part in this workshop because we have learned a lot about herbal medicines and treatment by telling reciprocally among other herbal suppliers from other states of the region.
We should not be too afraid but we should have understanding and think for ourselves.
In Second Chronicles 1:1-13 we find that when Solomon was made king, he felt that he was only a child and did not know how to judge a great people.
In an interview with one of the HSPDP leaders, Rupang asked whether Fenela is ready to face the punishment. “If they expel me, I will leave, if they don't expel me, I will sit,” she said and at the same time she said that she is only a voter.
to live with the Hynniewtrep people.
“We express our regret that he (Bah Lahkmen) has spoken without thinking even though we have been protesting for more than two months in front of the statue of Kiang Nongbah,” said MGLPSCTA President Babu Riangtem.
Without amending Clause 2 of the State Reservation Policy by the State Assembly, how can the roster be prepared as both are contradictory to each other.
In another development, the Additional Deputy Commissioner, Pynursla Civil Sub Division, said that a curfew has been imposed on the border area which is about 5 kilometers from the Indian border. of Bangladesh.
In terms of development works, the Council has already implemented 234 schemes/projects from April 2022 to January 2023 including water wells, schools, Community Halls, bars, The Council has not been able to provide for all the needs of the WJHD but it still needs assistance from the Central Government. of the ‘15th Finance Commission’.
The fire broke out and destroyed the bus.
“Not only will they be able to showcase their talents in sports within the Block Level but if they work hard they will be able to move up to the district, state and other areas. ", said Bah Kharshandi to the students.
She said the incident happened because the government has not done anything to improve the road from Khliehriat-Sonapur on the NH-4
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The constituency division between the HSPDP and the UDP has not yet arrived but there are still talks to work together in the 2018 elections. UDP Crematorium.
“We respect the decision of the people of the state, although the election campaign has come from the Prime Minister, the Minister of Home Affairs, the National President of the party, Union Ministers including Nitin Gadkari and others. but many of the people have not yet accepted our party.
“We are delighted that Lakadong shynrai has received the GI tag which makes this agricultural product unique.
The doctor was identified as AZ Sheikh and was arrested by the East Garo Hills Police.
As part of the efforts to address the issue, the DC's office has directed the Rangbah Shnongs and Village Authorities to take part with the shopkeepers to monitor the issue. to prevent crowding near shops.
Although it is pleasant to explain, it will remain dark without explaining that the word nyllong means the root of the house and is derived from the original word nierlong which is the end of the snier or snierlong in the khlei. The waste products from the food that comes out of the mouth and flow through the throat until it reaches the bones to break into the nierbah and flows through the nierlang until it comes out of the nierlong which is known as the eit.
“Ap shuwa seh...” he said and held her hand...“Shuh Pa don't do this...” Rida said “To seh when I love you too...” He said again. I don't have a place to sit.
On the other hand, the Secretary of the KHCF, Bah Alan West, said that there are about 10 traditional houses built by 10 Hima and there are also about 53 Hima who are ready to participate. at this festival.
Shillong, Naitung, 14 : The residents of Mawpud village under Ranikor C&RD Block of South West Khasi Hills have been living without drinking water due to the collapse of water pipes. soil.
These 100 persons received training in the field of entrepreneurship, meetings with entrepreneurs, discussions on assistance from banks and other financial institutions and other assistance. .
In fact, this is a timely law for our time, but it has not yet been passed.
On the occasion, the Chief Guest also presented the Best Biodiversity Management Committee (BMC) Award 2023 to Umtngam BMC in Bhoirymbong C&RD Block, Ri-Bhoi District and the State Level Best Biodiversity Conservation Award to Umtngam BMC. Mr. Tyngshainlang Dewkhaid is from Phlangwanbroi, Mawsynram, East Khasi Hills.
Without Jayshree, SCA would have lost the match as their highest score was 14 runs, but their failure to score runs for the team came through the 123 balls, brought the change in the match.
The false prophet who will help him is a Jew.
Referring to the inspection of the CHC in Umsning, he said that the X-Ray machine has been purchased since 2000 but has not been implemented yet.
Nongpoh: A group of youths from Ri Bhoi District under the leadership of Bah Jason Lennox Nongrum, today formed a new political party in Ri Bhoi District (RBPC). ).
The farmers are happy in spiritSince the time of oldThey don't have the desire to growSince the time of the old man.
In the first verse (dk.1) of this poem,
The union in such incidents increasingly expresses to the state government that the Inner Line Permit itself will be the strongest stieh to curb these incidents.
Earlier, the MCIC under the leadership of Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA held a meeting on the 4th of this month at Assam Club Laban. In the presence of Bah Ricky Shullai-MDC, Crime Branch/Traffic Branch/MePDCL, Rangbah Shnong, Rangbah Dong, Women's Wing, Youth Wing and others.
However, the question is whether the UDP will announce its ticket for Umsning. Bah Donkupar Sumer, who has been one of the supporters and leaders of the party for many years, also intends to contest again in the upcoming elections.
The house of Niduk Khongsit, which is located near the Pomshutia Football Ground on the road to Lapalang, was burnt down.
Thombor also presented the SMART Trust award and cash prize to Daoo Teiki Maya Garod of North Liberty School.
“I am delighted to see the progress of the implementation of this project,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar. he visited the project on Friday.
Nongstoiñ, June 25: As part of the celebration of the special year of 'Krai' and the inauguration of the Project FARM NE IV, the Nongstoiñ Social Service Society today held a held a public meeting with the farmers of the area at the hall of Nongstoiñ Social Service Society, Tiehsaw Nongstoin.
He was fined T.2000 tyngka and his license was suspended and he was suspended from driving for six months from 31st July to 3rd October, You can get a license from the Licensing Authority.
He said that the State has set a target to eradicate TB by 2025 and therefore the health department alone cannot achieve this target without the support of the people.
Another is to reduce the expenditure of the government as each minister has to have many employees, two or three vehicles, accommodation and travel abroad which should be paid by government from the public purse.
Those who left the party include District Leaders, Circle Leaders and Units from different villages of Ri Bhoi District.
The Rangbah Shnong of Nongdewsaw, Bah AB Wajri on Saturday said that the MOU with the company was signed after the renewal of the Village Leaders and the Rangbah Shnong of Nongdewsaw. The villagers have elected Bah AB Wajri as the new Rangbah Shnong.
The Shad Lyngdoh of the Raid Shabong has been held every year since the time of our ancestors after the completion of the rituals of the Raid.
When Buhsing Syiem had established and established the village of Nonglba, he gathered the Dorbar of all the children who had the intention and intention to follow the rules of administration of the kingdom. that there be no quarrel among them.
Speaking to reporters in Shillong on the situation in Manipur, Om Birla called for peace.
Ioh-i Dhar scored both goals for Mukhla Evergreen, the first in the 42nd minute and the second in the 70th minute.
Your mobile network is also not available.
These factories are M/S Yash Coke, Kyllon Mathei, Shallang, M/S Karmela Coke Industries, Kyllon Mathei, Shallang. , Swangre, Shallang, M/s Crystal Coke, Kyllon Mathei, Shallang,M/S Crystal Enterprise, Kyllon Mathei, Shallang, M/s Electro Carbon Solutions Kyllon Mathei, Shallang, M/s Meghalaya Coke Industries Factory, Nonkynrum, Shallang, M/s Meghalaya India Coke Industries, Kyllon Mathei, Shallang, M/s Mongri Coke, Nonkynrum, M/s Progressive Coke Industries, Swangre, Shallang,M/s Shallang Carbon Industries Kyllon Mathei, Shallang, M/s Unique Resources, Kyllong M/s BK Coke, M/s BK Coke, Kyllon Mathei, Shallang, M/s Sohbar Coke, Kyllon Mathei, Shallang.
East Bengal coach Alejandro Menendez said they respect their opponents and if we don't respect them we will lose because they are skilled.
“Sports brings about order and a healthy body besides cleanliness and care,” said Bah Eugeneson, who was also an MLA from Mawphlang Constituency.
Tarson has been involved only in the peace talks and is not a member of the HNLC or a supporter of the HNLC. .
He said that the people of the state will not hesitate to vote for the TMC because it has come here to play politics in the state. TMC National General Secretary Sinha said it was his nonsense and “the people should also know that Abhishek Banerjee has been known as the leader of corruption in West Bengal,” he said. state.
Shillong, Naitung 05: The AICC Meghalaya Chief CP Joshi on Tuesday said that the BJP will not be able to introduce a policy from Arunachal Pradesh in Meghalaya to overthrow the Congress government.
In another incident, it was reported that a mob has seized the house of the President of Sri Lanka and many of them have gone to sit in the President's rooms and sleep in the sum. of the President of the Country.
“The riots in Tura cannot be blamed on the political parties or any political party because those who caused the riots are doing it with their own responsibility, because no political party sends its members to commit illegal acts. against the society," he said.
