“The search operation of the mynder should be done in a more effective manner,” said the BJP. come from those who can become a destroyer of the land.
The Congress party said that the people of West Khasi Hills have understood how to elect leaders and they don't want people who are clean only but this mid-term MDC election will surprise them. Congress will win all three constituencies.
" He spoke one by one.
This writer has tried to ask some of the senior officers who have a good understanding of the job, whether there is any problem in recruiting young people in such vacancies, and the answer he received is There is no problem and what needs to be done is to announce publicly, call for an interview and appoint again according to the results of the interview.
India needs 30 million tonnes of urea annually, of which 24 million tonnes is domestically produced and 6 million tonnes is imported.
In this case, the post light does not have any injuries.
The residents of Nehimaya Tyngkan are very grateful to Nehimaya Tyngkan for 5 years now they have to walk on this road even though this road has been used by many villages. is coming, informed one elder in a statement.
Inspection of Namdong PHC found that there is only one doctor Ayush and 6 nurses and what surprised the union is that this PHC will soon be upgraded to CHC despite many shortcomings. and this may be just an election campaign because the election is near.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: Laitumkhrah MDC Neil Antonio War has said that he has gathered his supporters from Laitumkhrah this evening to take a decision to join the BJP. hold a reception for him tomorrow.
Speaking to reporters after the dorbar, Carness said that according to his information, there are about 10 Khasi girls who have been abducted by Dkhar Muslims to Assam.
The tournament was inaugurated by Ampareen Lyngdoh MLA Shillong East at Malki Stadium in the presence of relatives from the mother, wife and children of Bah Kennedy Warlarpih. .
There are five (5) subjects that must be passed.
There is a need to improve the revenue collection system of the ADCs to ensure that the ADCs' budget is sufficient for the many tasks they have to do and accomplish.
The MLA said that cow's milk and cow's milk are much more expensive than cow's milk.
“Why why...?” Deisy asked. “Hu, hu, why...?” Bahnah asked, “Why do you talk to people alone...” Deisy added, “When...?” Bahnah replied, “Three times you have made your voice heard, for that reason I will leave.
Messi continued to score the second goal in the 22nd minute, along with Taylor.
Aamir feels that even films like Inception have not been accepted by Bollywood yet and not to mention other films.
As an example of the universities that produce new technologies in the Eastern Region, the Assam Don Bosco University has used the natural resources to install hundreds of panels. Solar panels on campus buildings spread at two locations, Tapesia Campus and Azara Campus, Guwahati.
Speaking to Rupang, Bah Shibun said, “We accept the UDP's proposal to have a joint candidate from the MDA, but we cannot say yet because there has been no meeting of the MDA. and another one is in the Delhi headquarters.
Years come and go.
In the raid conducted in July, 84,230 liters of pyrsi and 179,740 liters of phareng were seized.
The Waheh Shnongs lodged a complaint at the Barato Police Outpost on 24th June.
B Blah EAC, Election said that during the programme, the residents were encouraged to come forward to correct the errors in the EPIC from the names and include the name of the parents, date of birth, house number to include the In this programme, you can remove the names of those who have died, those who carried votes from one village to another and give your opinion on the condition of the polling stations. vote.
If Pakistan thought it couldn't control it, then neighboring India, if it wanted help, should have turned to it, if they realized they couldn't really compete on it, if those who wish to apply for assistance from India can apply.
After a few months, he repaired the house just to be able to live.
He said that the Government has now talked to the Government of India to return the land owned by the Contonment Board to the Government and these land will be converted into parking zones and waiting zones for buses and taxis.
He said that there are about 90 Govt LP Schools in the district where the number of students is about 50 to 100 or more in each school.
These include EGH: 1, EKH: 20, RBD: 3, SGH: 1, SWKH: 2, WGH: 3, WJH: 13 and WKH:
The rapid influx of foreigners and the destruction of land and other areas is a major issue in our struggle as a nation in which many of our fellow countrymen have died. You have given your life only for one reason, that is, to fight hard to preserve the rights of the Jaitbynriew so that you can live your own heritage and live in peace. you are the owner of the nation.
“However, we are still waiting for a letter from the government on how it will take action on this,” said Bah Nongsteng.
These leaflets explain in detail many of the losses if the railway is allowed to reach these hills without strong laws and authority to curb the illegal entry of mynder into the country. Khasi.
Shillong, Jymmang 07 : There are still 111 workers and students from the state who are still stranded in Manipur after the severe unrest in the state.
The office bearers of this group “Clean the Myntdu River” were elected by the Chairman – ma Khroo.
There are forests around Wahniangleng and they have been destroyed because the forest belongs to the private sector.
Speaking at the meeting, Sanjay Goyal, IAS and Deputy Commissioner East Khasi Hills, who was the chief guest, said, “The main purpose of such programs is to spread the good news. to the citizens of the country that as people living in society we should have a spirit of tolerance in this clean country of many races “Society is not for life Although in this country we have many languages, religions and customs and we always have difficulties in communicating especially in the language but we must be patient so that we can bring peace and prosperity to the whole country.
The Raj Bhavan in Tura has been under construction for several years and will be completed soon to open the residence of the Governor. to stay in this house which was built specially for the Governor.
He also hopes for the best for all the participants in this tournament.
Shillong, Naitung 25: MPs from Meghalaya including Conrad K Sangma, Bah Vincent H Pala and CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) have met with the Managing Director of Meghalaya to discuss the roads. and this state.
A week after the devastating floods inside the Libyan coastal city of Derna, relief supplies are said to be just beginning to reach the victims, with thousands Four residents of the city were killed and lost their lives in the incident.
AL Hek and Sanbor Shullai later came to register for the election to the Legislative Assembly for the upcoming elections on 27th June.
He said that there are many issues that still need to be considered in relation to Themmetor and one of them is the ownership of the land.
Price of the competitor-When you go to the market to sell jhur or soh, you should know that you are not the only one who sells jhur or soh in the market. .
During the inspection, many residents and elders expressed their concern over the government's treatment of the people of the area.
Shillong, July 08: Employees of the Indian Council for Agricultural Research (ICAR), CAU and the National Bureau of Plant Genetic Resources (NBPGR) today took to the streets to protest against the The account accounts for up to 40 percent of the salary in the central government.
All these bombs and explosives have been removed and handed over to the relevant authorities.
In the first leg, Seng Khasi College beat Shillong Commerce College 30-11 while St. Edmund's College beat Synod College 26-1 14, while St. Mary's College beat Lady Keane College 17-9
Shillong, Nailur 23: On the 22nd and 23rd of this month, many tragic incidents have occurred across the state. the soul of man is lost.
And his fame went out into all the land...Then the enemy stood up against him with scorn, with reproach, and with threats; and in 1737, “a respected chief of Radnor County sent for Howell Harris to preach in his house: which stirred up many of the nobles. batri... and they received him gladly.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The mid-term MDC elections are far away and the date of the elections has not been announced yet, but the election campaign in Nongkrem constituency has started to blow well and the voice of the people is now. HS Shylla, former MLA and MDC and former Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, said that the party has started to criticize Bah HS Shylla. He said that the people who urged Bah Shylla to contest the elections are those people who used to stand against him in the last elections. .
, Nomura Investment and TresVista are the largest employers.
Police have seized the vehicle and the driver fled the scene.
He is good at announcing news through social media, so on Twitter he wrote, “Walked from home to office to celebrate.
He was responding to the refusal of Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma to allocate Ministerial seats to the PDF in the Cabinet.
Guwahati: The seizure of money and other items has been rampant during the upcoming elections in Assam.
Shangpliang said that the merger of these three parties from Mawryngkneng Constituency will strengthen the NPP party and will encourage our candidate Ampareen Lyngdoh and others. Mairang MDC Batskhem Ryntathiang with his supporters, Karnes Shushiang Mawkyrwat MDC with his supporters and more. that the party will not be able to accept.
He said the election could be held if others joined hands and there is a possibility that it could be held in the coming months before this year.
Within 5 years the school has grown and become famous and he is also a teacher who helps the L.P School in Mawkyllei in the morning.
These arrested persons were arrested by the patrolling police and some of them were arrested through information received by the public.
The match consists of five players (5-A-side) in each team and three substitutes.
Chairman of the Dorbar Shnong Jaïaw Pyllun, Bah Pyntngen Dondor Nongrum, said, “The patrolling is after the incident of robbery and injury to people who were passing by without whatever the reasons that have happened in the last few days.
However, we urge you, our brothers and sisters in this area, that from now on, you should not allow the Bangladeshis to enter this area,” he said. , that it may be that shaking of the wind for the sake of the mynder, wherever he is, wherever he sits.
Many do not understand why the MBOSE has changed the syllabus within 10 months of the start of classes and said that it is an unfounded preparation.
When these two men did this, the employees inside the market informed me and I immediately informed the police, to prevent any disturbance, but when the police arrived at the market, The two men fled the market.
He has won the Champions League twice with Real Madrid against Atletico Madrid.
In the Under-17 Boys, North Liberty HS School beat Govt Boys HS School 3-0
Also present on the occasion was Bah I.Lawrynniang, MCS, Block Development Office, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block. They will also have guest houses, adequate restaurants, clean outdoor areas such as the Community Resource Centers in Mawranglang Lai Kyntoit.
She also appealed to the youth and civil society organizations to be vigilant against the rich and not to allow them to come to the polls.
The program was witnessed by hundreds of brothers and sisters, members and supporters of the World Mission.
He sat in the belly of the fish unharmed.
On the 22 issues of the political parties, the government said that the implementation of the ILP would bring bad news if it were implemented as it would hinder development works.
If Christ were in this world today, He would always correct His followers and would not be afraid to speak the truth.
At the same time, she also criticized the Congress party which has been in power for 10 years but has not brought any progress.
According to the statement, this was achieved after the old players and fans of the club under the leadership of the Chairman, Bah D.khongwir urged the young players of the club to appoint office bearers. so that the work of the club can continue.
Lack of academic performance : Children who experience this anxiety have also been witnessed to experience poor academic performance.
Therefore, the leaders requested the state government to take action to complete the Polytechnic which is intended to provide training to many of the youth of the country and the region. Bhoi and if it is just to waste public money it doesn't make sense if the government can't implement this plan for the construction of the Polytechnic and the allocation of land by the villages is also useless. They have also threatened that if the government itself cannot implement as planned, the land will go to the Shnong.
It may be recalled that on the 7th July, 2022, the book The Beginning of the Langrin Hima UNTIL NONGTEI SINGH SYIEMIONG was launched by Syiem Nongtei Singh Syiemiong at Phlangdiloin under the Langrin Hima. the first to be written about the Hima Langrin.
Conrad said that on 16th July 2023, an FIR was received on the emergence of a new rebel group known as the NLCN. to the government and to commit illegal activities such as the purchase of weapons, robbery, recruitment and training of members and the establishment of camps of this group.
On the other hand, as the leader of the HSPDP, he urged the government to resolve the issue as soon as possible. If the GVK does not listen to the government, it should be withdrawn and handed over to someone else to operate the 108 Ambulances.
In the journey of the Seng Samla Shnong Nongthymmai 14-15 Mile, Byrnihat since its inception in 1999, the Seng Samla Shnong Nongthymmai today has reached the 25th Mawmer to provide services from the role of the people in community affairs.
We want your cooperation.
As a child, Maduh completed his education till class 8 from Sibsingh Memorial HSS School Nongpyndeng and became a teacher at Nonglang LP School. teacher at Government LP School but he was suspended from his job after illness overtook him and his teaching job was taken over by his nephew.
It is learned that the suspect has been arrested by the Ri Bhoi District Police.
Marngar said that the teachers' union does not want to take to the streets to protest, but urges the government to take action to ensure that the teachers receive their salaries from the month of July. as of July 2022 which means six months.
He said that according to the Assam Land and Revenue Regulation 1886, land cannot be owned in Assam and only the government can own it and not the private sector. Mr. Charles said.
“I have fought the good fight, I have finished the race, I have kept the faith.
Following this complaint, a case under Section 41G IPC has been registered against Bolong R Sangma of Dambo Mrok, Rongjeng. OC Rongjeng PS. Politics is the source of human beings.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: Police today arrested the right hand man of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) Chief Sohan D. Shira.
Because the villagers were shocked by these people, the village leaders without hesitation evicted them from their homes and handed them over to the authorities (Umkiang PP), East Jaintia Hills District, to return them to the place where they came from so that it will be a safety for the citizen and for them as well.
However, they will continue to fight against the NPP, Congress and BJP until they are overthrown one day.
He said that since 2016, the Government of India has introduced Personal Interview in 23 States of India but the surprising thing is that the Government of Meghalaya has not been able to follow this example. the Government of India.
It is learned that the two persons were arrested by the residents of Pahamrioh, one from Guwahati and one from Silchar, while the other who escaped is unknown and has not been arrested yet.
“Parliament has been the Temple of Democracy but the opposition has not allowed them to look into the issues and has not allowed them to raise their voices.
The Special Investigation Team (SIT) will investigate the incident and try to find out the root cause of the blast, police said.
Shillong: The Commissioner and Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, in a statement today, said that the public holiday will be on 26th March 2020 and not on 23rd March as published in the list of holidays.
A good person can turn out to be a murderer even if there was no such plan.
We must not be deceived again now, we must also be wise and discreet at such times.
From East Garo Hills, the award was presented by the Headmaster of United Barringgre UP School, Kraiwilson Marak while from West Garo Hills, the award was presented to two teachers including the Headmaster of Burny Hill Secondary School, Lenin R Marak and Headmaster of Burny Hill Secondary School. Government Bengali Boy's LP School, Tura Samiron Roy.
Shillong: West Khasi Hills beat South West Khasi Hills by 99 runs in the second match of the U-19 Girls Cricket Tournament 2021 at Nongstoin today.
“There has been no independence since Independence but we have been enslaved in many ways where the schemes for the development of jobs have been taken over by the leaders and the rich.
The turnout in Tura Constituency was 78.13 percent while in Shillong the turnout was 63.58 percent.
Selma Mary Pyngrope, one of the prominent youngsters in the field of chicken farming, who started from the same training and with her hard work, has now been able to sell chickens around the country. In Jaintia Hills.
Rejoice because you are like God's care. If you don't do it at this time, when will you do it? The names of all those who will contribute to this donation will be published in the newspapers so that the public will know how much money has entered the Fund and where and how much we have donated. kdar (complete transparency).
He said that out of the estimated 60,000 youths who have passed and are looking for jobs, about 1000 are contractual jobs, and 1000 are contractual jobs, and 1000 state government schemes or requirements in government jobs. get only government jobs.
Shillong: The Sur of Mawlai, at a rally this afternoon, burnt the statue of Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Chief Minister, Bah Lahkmen. Rymbui, Minister of Home Affairs, DGP UR Chandranathan and two other policemen.
It was observed that only Khasi who opened shops were Khasi who sat in front of the shops to sell secondhand clothes and some shops belonged to Muslims.
On this occasion, the President Rangbah of KSU Sengkmie, Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar, laid the ribbon as a sign of handing over the house to these families in the presence of the Sordar of the Village, Members of KSU CEC, Members of KSU WKH and others.
Tarson Lymba, 58, was arrested from Dawki.
He said that the most important need is the parking lot but the construction of the parking lot has started with the assistance of Pynursla MLA Prestone Tynsong who has promised to complete it within this year. u year hi now.
When he looked at those standing there, there were many who were still working in the office like himself, many women who had surprised him.
These guests were welcomed by the Director of Information and Public Relations, Bah HM Shanpliang.
In the last home match, Lajong beat Real Kashmir FC 0-1 while Minerva Punjab FC beat Minerva Punjab FC 0-1 away.
Shillong, Jymmang 23 : The NPP candidate from Mylliem, Bah Hamlet Dohling on Friday said that every night there are those who go around trying to prove that the NPP is a foreign party.
Shillong: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, has directed all police stations in East Khasi Hills, to check the vehicles driving drunk from 10 am. pm on the 24th until 2 pm on the 25th November
The BJP MLA and Minister in the MDA Government, Bah Sanbor Shullai, has strongly criticized the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) and Congress party leaders for raising the issue. to discriminate against religion in the state.
Although the JAC has given the VC until 13th November to dismiss NEHU Consultant Rohit Prasad, the VC has insisted that Rohit cannot be dismissed without any reason.
The court said that the commission was tortious and disregarded the case and therefore should fall under the murder statute.
Therefore, the people have to come to the city of the Lord.
According to Bah Paul, even the High Level Committee on Influx has suggested to draft a new Inner Line Permit (ILP) which will take into account the characteristics of the area, income and to harmonize the new jobs.
Entire : the meaning of entire is to be complete in one whole.
It is a training center in sewing, beauty, shniuh, mobile manufacturing and other fields.
This reporter, who found the sohsaw, which was spread on the roadside in Wahiajer, where it was estimated that there were dozens of vehicles, which should have been smuggled outside the state, but it was reported that the sale was not carried out. last month, you hiar shi catdei.
When asked by Dr Don whether the government has not fallen under the border map, Bah Tynsong said he would look into this and talk to the opposition leader to discuss.
This road is 38 km long.
So in order for you to be able to talk to MeECL to avoid the time when MeECL will cut off the electricity, you have to install WIFI, a type of wireless in the room so that you don't lose your message.
By the Holy Spirit, it is the final call of man to true repentance because there is no one else after the Holy Spirit, but the judgment will come upon the people of the whole world.
The death of the BJP leader came at a time of intense violence during the Panchayat elections.
Entry fees and categories are T.600 (Team event), T.200 (men/women's singles), T.300 (men/women's doubles), T.200 (men/women's veteran) and no fee is required. Junior boys and girls.
Furthermore, this Policy is intended to be implemented at various levels across the country.
The village leaders have expressed anger at the NHAI report and said that this is just a lie because the contractors who are constructing the NH-6, have not yet completed even 10 percent of the construction. too.
“Until now, we have not received any money, offered or demanded money from the KSU members,” she said. Sister Teresa, who has expressed her regret over the allegation that the name of the children's home and the KSU has been defamed. She said that her speech on the day of the inspection by a group of 12 or 13 people, who later learned that it was the HYC, she said that it was just a speech that escaped from fear. but she said that in fact it is not as it appeared in the newspapers.
“They drive to dangerous places and they feel comfortable entering those places between 10 pm and 2 pm”.
Wouldn't this free the country from the expenses of building houses and doubts when buying and selling land or forests and wouldn't this be a great blessing to the people who live in it?
Speaking to media after the meeting, Bah Kitborlang said, “As a party, we have the hope of winning again in the next two elections. elections with other parties.
The meeting with the family was agreeable and so she started working only during the day.
The training program is part of the efforts to help the youth of Garo Hills not to have misunderstandings about the police recruitment and to make them aware of the Transparent Recruitment Process (TRP) approved by the Government of Meghalaya. government and that this has been implemented within the Police Department.
Neymar scored for Brazil in the 106th minute, while Bruno Petkovic scored for Croatia in the 117th minute. Croatia scored four goals in the penalty shootout, while Brazil scored two goals.
It is learned that the suspect wanted to take leave and as the Assistant Commandant did not give him leave, he shot himself dead.
For more than 50 years or less, the villagers have taken up this coal mining industry as one of their sources of income.
A group of people shot dead a Shiv Sena member in Thane district of Maharashtra, police said yesterday.
Because in the screening committee we cannot even take any coaches, teachers or anyone involved with the schools,” said Balarina Syiem DSO West Khasi Hills.
Two passport size photographs must be attached to the application form.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: Leaders of the Catholic Association of Shillong (CAS) and the Dorbar Shnong Mawkhar on Tuesday handed over a donation to the School Managing Committee of KJP Girls' Higher Secondary School, Shillong. Shillong so that the Committee can rebuild the school which was destroyed by the fire on Friday morning.
Rymbai SC will play against Sutnga SSCC at 2.00 pm.
During the inspection, the union found that the office was open only the door, but there was no peon and it was learned that the officer in charge of the department did not come to work. about 1 year.
The use of force by anyone is the instigation and advice of the police, because they want these people to be like fish food to dress the members of the party and they don't think about their lives. those who are used by them, such as Raja, Bahlieh, Hester, lose their lives because of such actions by the police.
Ajit Ronghang from Ri-Bhoi took part as the judge of the championship.
Shillong, July 19: Umsning MDC Donkupar Sumer on Tuesday said that every night policemen in uniform raid houses in Ri-Bhoi District and mostly in Kyrdem Kulai, Umsning and Nongpoh.
It is alleged that the Dolloi, who is a kobiraij or herbalist, came to the family of the woman to give 'nasib' according to their belief to drive away evil from their house.
“In fact, we have asked for a day to meet the Prime Minister for a long time but he has not been released and now he has accepted the request to meet him,” said the CEM. (Regulation and Registration of Marriage and Divorce) Bill, 2005,  United Khasi Jaintia Hills District  (Trading by Non Tribals) (Eight Amendment) Regulation Bill, 2011, KHADC (Nomination and Election of the Syiem, Deputy Syiem and Electors of Nongstoin Syiemship) (Second Amendment) Bill, 2013, KHADC (Allotment, Occupation or Use or Setting Apart of Land) Bill, 2014 and others.
Many of the same rumors and rumors explain that we are stupid and do not understand about this disease.
Kharshiing said the relatives of Bah Marbaniang have expressed their surprise that the necessary evidence has been lost.
NEHU has said that the implementation of the NEP for the 2023 academic session is for the benefit of the students.
In the struggle there is victory and there is defeat, there is a winner and there is a loser, but it is the duty of those who win and are elected from among the fighters to carry the burden of the people. , it is the duty of those who are elected to work for the safety and security of the people, without discrimination whether they are supporters or non-supporters during the elections. .
Prayers and songs in English, Khasi and Garo – the songs “Ka Jingaiei Amaphylla”, “Me Long Bakhraw”, and “Because He Lives I Have Hope” brought together all the participants around the world. the State and abroad, in the chain of unity.
The award was received by Fr. James Anderson Syiemlieh, former Director of the NSSS and the new President of the NSSS. Ditendar Lyngkhoi, New Director of NSSS and Fr. Seberin Lyngdoh, Treasurer of NSSS. Non-violence & Vegetarianism), Friends of Tribals Society, West Bengal (of Education category) and Jan Swasthya Sahyog, Chhattisgarh (of Medicine category).
Sidhu, 55, was one of the Congress candidates in the Rajasthan, Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh and Telangana elections, addressing 70 public meetings in 17 days. go to these different States.
Not only do they not like it, but they also hate Muslims and Christians, which is evident from their hatred of Muslims and Christians.
In his speech, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that the party itself will listen first, because they are still waiting and listening to the voice of the people on the ticket and they want the ticket to be given by a person who is with them. popular and hopeful of reaching the goal of success.
“Furthermore, it is not clear that there will be any revenue besides the planned ropeway and that too, for tourism,” she added.
In the last CWG, Jeremy Lalrinnunga won the gold medal in the 67 kg weight lifting category.
Shillong, July 03: The Mawkynrew Primary Health Center today inaugurated its two-day Health Fair sponsored by the National Health Mission.
Earlier, Bah Carnes said that this initiative will be of great benefit not only to the Council but also to those who read it.
The vehicle was owned by Sounder Strong Cajee of Mawlai-Nongkwar.
This Shad Suk Mynsiem of the Seng Khasi Mawlai, is also a sign of encouragement to all the parakur parakha from near and far to be ready to take part in the three day Shad Suk Mynsiem. The Seng Khasi Kmie, Mawkhar Shillong, Shillong, has organized this year's festival on the 9th, 10th and 11th of June at the Lympung Shad. Weiking Square, Jaiaw, Shillong.
Besides Thongni, there were also leading leaders of the HSPDP who joined the Congress, Overlin Nongsiej and Nestor.
“However, the delay in completion of this project needs to be reminded immediately and the relevant department should ensure that the remaining works are completed within six months,” he said.
The training program will continue on 21st-22nd October with a 2 Days Teacher Need Analysis Training on Inclusive Education and on the 23rd October there will be an Orientation Program for Parents/Guardians of CWSN. Inclusive Education.
Many of them in the village have died from the collapse of their homes.
Speaking on the occasion, KSU West Khasi Hills District Unit President John Fisher Nongsiang said that the KSU is not looking after one issue, but all the issues of the people.
Shillong, Nailur 11 : The Hill Farmers' Union (HFU) Sohryngkham Circle today honored the Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh at a meeting today. The meeting was held at the Dorbar Shnong Sohryngkham on 09th November, 2022. The Minister was honored by the farmers on the initiative of the Minister and the Department of Agriculture of the Government to take action to address the problems of the farmers. farmers in the State.
In other words, from Babel mankind began to spread and migrate all over the earth.
Shillong, Lber 15: A 75-year-old sister from Nadia, West Bengal, has been abducted by eight militants. I have not been involved in this calamity.
This is the main purpose of the Lok Ayukta or the head of this public welfare scheme.
After the news of the discovery of the newborn child spread, the mother of the child, with sorrow and understanding of her mistake, went to confess to the owners of the house, where they inform the Dorbar Shnong.
The Custom Tribal in Christianity no longer applies because in divorce they are no longer subject to the Private Bill or Customary Law but under the Public Bill or Indian Divorce Act.
Joseph said that the GVP is not available in all of India, there are other companies operating these 108 in other states and there are states where the state government operates. , it will be difficult for Meghalaya to run the 108 as the party wants the government to improve.
Kharjahrin said that the Assam Act affects the Interstate Trade and Commerce and this is the subject of Parliament and not of any state government and no state government can. to make laws on interstate commerce in the country.
This year, the Waheh Shnong is Wot Tang and the Secretary Shnong is Kolin Lamare.
“I have been invited by the relatives of Maieit, tomorrow I will go to Mawkyllei from morning to lay flowers,” he said.
He said that out of the 54 Himas and Elaka in the Federation of Khasi State, only three Himas have their own laws, namely Nongstoin, Langrin and Maharam. others do not have that officially recognized law.
He said that if the CRP and CPC operate in the Sixth Schedule areas, it is like knieh the jurisdiction of the district councils in the areas under their jurisdiction.
Shillong, March 23: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has congratulated the people of Hynniewtrep for their full support on the 36 hour curfew called by the President of the country. I don't want to live in this state.
“Isn't it time to renew our mindset if we don't want to be executed anymore,” said Bah Paul while urging the people of Meghalaya on the occasion of the New Year. to the election of new members of the Legislative Assembly.
This area is a forest area and if the state government allows to take star cement, it will turn the forest into a shrah area in this area and this will affect people and animals as well. For this reason, the union urges the SPCB not to hold this public hearing on that day.
Jowai, Naiwieng 09 : The 5th Interdong League organized by Nongtalang Mission Youth Club, Nongtalang, today reached its final between Mission Youth Club and Nongtalang Mission Youth Club. Nongtalang Khlachympa-B.The final match was very friendly and no one could score until the end of the first half but in the end these teams reached the tiebreaker. They beat Nongtalang Khlachympa-B 8-7
According to the source, the illegal miners in connection with their illegal mining of these minerals have taken the wrong path to mine soil or shyiap from the Brahmaputra River. From Poolbagan to Panchali, this has affected the entire area.
Police should have discipline especially in their language when dealing with the public.
In addition, Nick will also sing the song PeeCee.
Guwahati: Twenty-two people have died after drinking Sulai in Salmara village or a slasha farm in Golaghat.
If it's a Christian vehicle, they don't even turn their faces like those others.
The number of voters has increased to 315,195 since the 2019 MP elections, which is five years ago.
He said the cabinet has approved the appointment of teachers at the Shillong Government College.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, expressed his concern over the large number of people in the district who have been affected by HIV/AIDS. He urged and encouraged the residents to get tested for HIV so that they can know more about how much they are affected by HIV. “I will support this campaign by sending volunteers from the Kyrmen Foundation, if necessary,” said Bah Kyrmen. The testing is frequent and will not announce anywhere whether there is or is not infected, so he encourages the public to go for testing.
He said that this is the 160th death anniversary of Woh Kiang Nongbah and what these leaders have done is also a memory of this hero, because being a leader is not a disease. However, it is a responsibility and this step to build a house for this poor woman is an example from generation to generation that as an organization we can continue to serve better for the country and our fellow citizens.
These households need to open accounts to benefit from the PDS (Public Distribution Scheme) according to the new rules of the central government.
Regarding the 10 month deadline given by the Union of 8 Shnongs to the government to close down the garbage dump, Bah Phidel War urged the leaders of the Union of 8 Shnongs to close down the garbage dump. “This is their time,” he added.
Modi will unfurl the Lama of the country and address the nation from the Red Fort.
Mawkyrwat, 'Nailar, 16: The South West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday celebrated the 75th Anniversary of Independence of India, the 50th Anniversary of India's Independence Day. The 10th Anniversary of the Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat was held at the Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat. -hot and i-hot.
This has severely affected the livelihood of the people and has also led to unemployment in the country.
They are the ones who give the best life and put the needs of their children ahead of their own.
The lack of electricity has affected the residents, especially the school children.
“My visit is for the purpose of talking to the residents to understand their problems and to check the situation in relation to the security forces.
In his article, The Sweepers of Shillong, published by the Anthropological Survey of India in 1979, Jayanta Sarkar explained statistically how these Sikhs came from. It is clear that the Sikhs came from two districts of Punjab, Amritsar and Gurdaspur.
Although it has improved, there are still many shortcomings in the electricity supply that need to be addressed.
Male racism is the most widespread and widespread modern philosophy in the world.
The FIR also mentioned the road from CHC Pynursla to Lad Mawlyndun which is very bad even though it is a highway.
He was admitted to NEIGRHIMS in
This area is known as Ri War and is a dry place during the rainy season and hot during the dry season.
Shillong, November 01: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) Mawthadraishan Circle on Tuesday demanded that the government should remove the BDO of Mawthadraishan, Bah L Diengdoh. related to the area.
“Regarding the Maikhuli fish farm which the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has informed to hand over to Assam, we do not accept because we have sufficient documents to prove that it is the land of the state. Meghalaya,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
At 2 pm, the people turned again with the intention of destroying the tar, despite the request, but the people increased their anger and started throwing stones. threatening the lives of residents, district authorities and police.
The wrestlers from the state include two men and three women, Alan Sun Marbaniang and Kishore Chettri, while the women were led by Wandalin Syiemiong, Airikmen Shabong and Senibi Syngkli.
However, the surprising thing is that the All Party Hill Leaders' Conference (APHLC) at that time did not have any written direction on what the leaders wanted to do. lead this state and its people.
The union took up the matter after receiving complaints from the school authorities for the lack of many of the facilities of the school.
“JAC-NEHU will meet with the Vice-Chancellor (VC), Prof. PS Shukla today at the Conference Hall of the VC,” said JAC Chairman Prof Lakhon Kma.
The awareness campaign was held at Khimusniang under the leadership of Jowai Police Station Officer S Manar in the presence of General Secretary Khimusniang Dorbar Shnong Bah W Bamon, Traffic In-charge Jowai Bah D Lamare and other other.
Hundreds of people from Khanduli tried to leave for the area, but the DC, SP and police blocked the road and urged them to turn to the area where the paid Karbi are to escape. from any tragic event.
In another order, the District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills has issued a ban on drawing or writing signs on roadside signs or private signs, as this often leads to complaints from the owners of signs. and causes misunderstanding among fellow citizens.
= As the descendants of those Hynniew trep Hynniew Wasa, many of us don't hesitate to dig for our Tynrai.
Shillong, July 28: The Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources (WWF-India) on Saturday held a meeting to discuss the urgent need to protect the environment and wildlife. A workshop on the issue of forest protection and forest slaves was held for lawyers in Meghalaya in collaboration with WWF-India and TRAFFIC India.
When we don't know that we still love our nation, we shouldn't praise it with anything.
Shillong, Jymmang 05 : Two leaders of the Women's Congress of Shillong City, Niloufer Laloo and Meba Kharkongor, have joined the National People's Party (NPP) to support the candidate Bah Ransom Sutnga in the MLA elections. 2023.
When asked whether the government has provided any assistance to him to improve his work because he falls under the list of Persons With Disabilities, Bah Dispi said that until now he has not received any support such as or.
He said that as of now, the deterioration of parts of the road has caused a lot of trouble in the traffic of the people and especially when there are emergencies, such as illness or others. the works that affect life and death.
The Chomangkan is a religious festival and at the same time, it is also related to the customs and traditions of the Karbi.
The EJNC supports the people of Jalaphet Bri Sutnga and urges them to stand firm against the factory.
At the same time, Bah Ardent also criticized the sale of land within the Raid Marwet in Ri Bhoi District involving the Syiem Raid, and asked what the Government will do about this violation of the law.
The Secretary of the Urkaliar Dorbar Shnong, Bah Samborlang Diengdoh, said that after a meeting with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong RM Kurbah, the Dorbar Shnong has decided to conduct a patrol. inside the village in the evening to ensure that there will be no more tragic incident in the village where the longkmie and rangbah have taken the responsibility to protect the village with the participation of of the Police.
Finally, the HSPDP Pynursla Constituency Area said that it cannot accept the implementation of this border demarcation with Bangladesh without the meeting and approval of the Village Authorities, Raids and also the land owners.
Cheristarfield said that the first civil society in Meghalaya was the Hynniewtrep Achik Liberation Council which was founded in 1987 and the leading founders were Founder Strong Cajee, Sounder Strong Cajee, Julius Dorphang, John Kharkrang, Cheristarfield Thangkhiew, Vincent Sangma and others.
He said that even the language of the thylleij is still taken from our language.
The reception will be held at the Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Synod High School, Nongpoh.
“The order states that Bernard N Marak, who was arrested on these charges, can be released on bail if there are no other charges against him.
He said how the government does not understand the problem of the people.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that if people fail to follow the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare; On the other hand, the state government will not hesitate to close down the liquor shops in the state.
Ukraine's defense chief said at the time that it would use any weapons that had not been banned amid the war against Russia.
About 50 herbalists attended the program and had the opportunity to learn from the experts on the methods of medicine, plants and treatment.
The presidents of the political parties who won the election were NPP National President Conrad Kongkal Sangma who won from South Tura, Voice of the People Party President Ardent M. Basaiamoit who won from South Tura. Charles Pyngrope from Nongthymmai, UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh from Mairang and PDF President Gavin M. Mylliem from Sohra won the elections.
Police have found that the suspect was identified as Bishal Gurung (30 yrs.) according to his vaccination certificate.
He said that the construction of the treatment plant or waste disposal site will be completed within two months.
He said this can be done through good road connectivity, participation in cultural exhibitions and other means.
In the past, speaking against the Government was a crime.
“Replied Bah Let (Rangbah Shnong). Bah Shanbor after a while he stood up and didn't sit down to send for food.
“In all the constituencies in the last election, there have been complaints from the people about the functioning of the EVMs, and in my constituency, there have been five bad EVM machines,” he said. Bah Bindo.
Daiak took four wickets and Emisakani took two wickets.
The House also held a memorial service for two former members of the House, who passed away recently, Bah HDR Lyngdoh and Bah AH Scott Lyngdoh.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, the Convener of the JAC said that the residents used to go to 6Mer if they needed to apply for new bording. They have been sent to Umlyngka Distribution Sub-Division which means they have to travel to Shillong for all their work.
Giuliani also complained that there were mail-in ballots from Mars or Canaan, or that it was impossible for one person to cast up to 10,000 votes.
Shillong: After receiving complaints from many parents and teachers that online classes do not provide adequate education to teach children through mobile phones especially They urged the authorities to reopen schools in compliance with the guidelines laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. On the other hand, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister in charge of Education in the state, said that before the opening of schools, monitored and evaluated by the Deputy Commissioners, SDO Civil and School Principals according to the circumstances.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 19: West Khasi Hills District, is the largest district in the state and is also a district where there is a lack of good roads. Village youth organizations, women's organizations and Rangbah Shnongs find it difficult to cooperate with the law enforcement agencies.
“The government should provide them with accommodation in Garo Hills, not in Khasi Hills,” he said.
One person was arrested by the police after he protested against these people who took part in the march.
Therefore, even if a man is small, the elephant is big, but he has to obey or submit to man.
"The truth is that the Congress party wants the poor to be included in the history of Delhi's development, we understand what it means to promote economic development, we want the poor to be included in it. “Our youth should feel that Delhi belongs to them, the goal of the BJP and AAP should be to exclude the poor from the list of development,” he said. Rahul during the election campaign in Delhi for the Congress party.
In the United States, the death toll has risen to 25,000 with 2,129 deaths per day.
He said it was surprising to hear that the Minister of Health and Family Welfare is not aware of the problems of the teachers which appear in the newspapers from time to time.
In this regard, Pastor Bareh said that Cherra Presbyterian School was supposed to be a school on the 10th June, 2016 but due to this incident, the authorities have postponed it to the 24th June.
Shortly after the protest, the running vehicle drivers caused heavy traffic jam in Mawkhar and Motphran and the Lumdiengjri Traffic Police came to quell the protest. , in talks with the police, it was clear that they do not allow vehicles parked along the road because it causes traffic jam and all commercial vehicles should running together just to get enough income. between them.
The Lamphang said that the only remaining construction work is the Main Hall with the Assembly Hall which was promised to be completed by October this year.
Hearing from many speakers who gave their views, Roy Chairman of MFW said that the MFW is only a bridge to connect and explain to the He said that it is up to the people and the authorities to think about how to protect and prevent the destruction of water wells. water tank.
It is also the start of the international season for SA and is especially important for the team's journey in many areas due to the ICC Men's Cricket World Cup to be held in India this year.
For example, if the owner of the house owns a ksew, the ksew will kill a person who doesn't have a house or a house.
They said that the inclusion of Garo in the Rabha Hasong Autonomous Council is not appropriate because it differs from the customs, dress and race, because the Garo take from the woman while the Rabha take the name of the shynrang.
ADB has provided financial support for the Mission which has identified 15 Blocks through an arrangement to ensure equitable distribution of resources and benefits across the State.
We condemn the BJP's political tactics to divide Christians in Assam and strongly condemn the attacks on churches and attacks on religious leaders in the states ruled by the Government. BJP”.
The total cost of the incident has reached T.32 lakh.
He said that all the requirements from the drawings will remain the same as before but the new thing is to call a tender for the money.
The Chairman of the North East Students' Organization (NESO), Bah Samuel Jyrwa, on July 28, alleged that the central government is hiding something behind the scenes regarding the riots in Manipur.
He said that the KJCLF will follow up and convene this meeting again in the coming days.
It is also unacceptable that the road which was repaired during the dry season in June has started to collapse only after heavy rains,” the High Court said.
Pynursla, November 5: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Meghalaya, who was the chief guest at the 50th Anniversary Celebration of the Raid Shabong Border Area Govt.
Speaking to media, Bah Vivek Syiem said that after receiving evidence of the involvement of the soldier in the drug trafficking, the police have been closely monitoring him and have arrested him. he with the drugs out of his body.
Martinez Shangpliang won one silver medal in the 45 kg category.
The center will also offer programs to develop their skills, training programs and others.
The policeman was taken to the court and the court remanded him for 14 days in Jowai District Jail.
The purpose of this program is to teach the youth of today to live well, to take responsibility for life and death, the welfare of society and to provide a righteous service to the nation and the country as a whole regardless of the religion on which they come on a solid foundation and also to teach them how to escape from the sinful practices of the youth. set a goal in front so that the future of another generation is peaceful.
In a statement, the General Secretary of MGNSA, Kong B Thabah, said that they have taken this decision to allow the government after meeting with the Principal Secretary in charge of Health and Family Welfare. this Friday.
The Rangbah Shnong said that they had lodged a complaint with the Khliehriat Police Station but the police did not do anything. The ballot slip of the villagers and VDPs were summoned.
Shillong, November : Mawlai MLA PT Sawkmie and MDC Teiborlang Pathaw today cut the opening ribbon for the mini fete of St. Aloysius Secondary School. , Mawlai Kyntonmassar for the purpose of raising funds for the school.
Shyam Shundor In-charge BSF Bholaganj Post was also the chief guest at the tournament which was held at Sohra.
He said the government will consult with the employees, the Syiem, the villages and the MLAs and MDCs of the area before taking a final decision.
Henderson joined Liverpool in 2011 from Sunderland.
If only half of the citizens understand this, the purchase during the elections will no longer work and the constituency itself will have a good leader.
He said that during the raid in Majai village, there were many shops of foreigners, not only 44, who did not have proper documents and closed their shops.
Jona Syiem, Vice President of the Mylliem Youth Congress Committee (MYCC), has been nominated to contest the MDC election from Mylliem Constituency.
The CBI has arrested the two employees of the NFR from Silchar area while they were on their way to receive T.8 lakh from an employee of the private company. .
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) on Thursday met with the Superintending Engineer of MePDCL, Jowai, M Patlong to complain about the increase in electricity bill in Jaintia Hills.
However, since that morning, the family members of Rejila have been surprised that she has not returned home until late at night even when others have arrived home.
The US economy grew by about 2 percent, and China is expected to be similar, and is now starting to slow down.
Furthermore, it was informed that legislators can also send questions and other notices through this application as this app is safe for every member of the Legislative Assembly.
Sohlang said that to get clear and accurate information regarding the existence and implementation of government schemes, does not mean that once he gets it he will file a case against the government. but he wants only to know and if the people ask he can answer with proof through the letters he has received from the officers.
At the time of Jesus' crucifixion, the Jews shouted, “Crucify him, crucify him” (John 19:6).
At the same time, Bah Buam told reporters that the protest was due to the seizure of mobile phones by the police in the past few days.
This was ordered by the Prime Minister Narendra Modij.
Regarding the construction sites or mystery works, the order prohibits the introduction of new employees and urges them to be employed by the same people.
I have raised my voice on these issues.
The Azerbaijani president said the two-hour meeting was held in a house and a designated area in front of witnesses and peace talks and both sides expressed their willingness to discuss more in relation to other aspects and other areas.
The last church is the Laodicean Church, or People Opinion Church, and it is today.
Prestone said that the existing rules cannot be changed at the moment and he said that the JHADC, the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and the The Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) has its own rules.
He stressed that our youngsters should have a goal in their lives, so that they can escape premature marriage.
After receiving the idea that Rev. Thomas Jones could be recalled, Captain Harry Inglis was encouraged and took a final decision, which was outside the law, to end the recall. Rev. Thomas Jones.
The BM of Pynursla has promised to provide the ATM machine within 4 days. Furthermore, the union has demanded to install another ATM machine. ATMs have been installed in Ursla to provide convenience to the people who need to deposit or withdraw money at any time, as at present there is only one ATM which causes a lot of trouble to the people.
From the start of the match both the teams tried to fight hard.
The order has been suspended until further notice, said the District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District.
“Don’t cry son.
He said he is one of those who love the former President of the United States.
Ri Bhoi Police have registered a case under the NDPS Act and are conducting investigation to find out more about the drug trafficking.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong today visited Mawkliaw and Nongjri villages to campaign for the UDP candidate Balajiedkupar Synrem. Balajied Kupar Synrem has been appointed as the new MLA of Shella Constituency.
“The ECC in a petition sent to the Prime Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma has suggested to the Government to implement the Action Plan immediately according to the directive of the NGT. Plan within four months, that is, before November 8, 2022.
Shillong, Naitung 14 : The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the increase in the number of battalions in the state will have a serious impact on the budget of the state government. the police department.
The VC said that some of the jobs to be filled will be reserved for those who have completed their studies in Class 10, Class 12, ITI, Diploma and Graduation. -movie grade levels.
" Here's a closeness to that thing.
He said that Stage 1 produces 36 MW, Stage 20 MW, Stage 3-60 MW and Stage-60 MW.
He said that the cut-off of electricity lines from time to time in the area can also pose a serious threat and can cause a tragic incident at any time.
Shillong, July 28: The Cabinet meeting today approved the establishment of the Meghalaya State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights (MSCPCR) to look after the issues of children in the state.
“Bah Lyngdoh said that this is unprecedented in the world where a leader elected through democracy is nominated through the wrong methods.
Therefore, the party hopes that these will not be just election ideas to mislead the people and the people expect them to succeed.
Block I and Block II, which used to belong to the Khasi Jaintia Hills, were merged or moved to Karbi Anglong before the birth of Meghalaya. for the safety of Khadar administration, as these areas are far from Shillong.
There are also parents who don't want to hurt their children and even provide the internet for their children to use.
The court directed the Muktiar, who represents Respondent No. 14, to submit an affidavit relating to the complaint and also regarding the affidavit submitted by the state government and the Assam government within 10 days.
We cannot just criticize them and accuse them of being RIEWDAKAID or so on, but what is needed is the WORD OF HOPE to those who need HOPE in their struggle. ADDICTION is not easy to fight, and it is easy for me and for those of us who are not the ones who are forced to blame these friends.
“After this, we will send it back to the Government of India while we wait for the release of the funds in the second phase of the 15th Finance Commission to release to the ADCs,” he said.
Conrad Sangma has been elected to the post.
: The Khasi Jaintia Deficit School Teachers Association (KJDSTA) has elected Babu Kular Khongjirem as its new President at its meeting held in Shillong on Saturday. After 10 years as President, he retired from the teaching profession.
Those in charge of rural tourism should in fact think carefully about these issues and come up with a policy or management system that can support the environment. .
On the other hand, James K Sangma, who raised the motion against the Lamphang on the 12th, has sent a letter to the Lamphang yesterday saying that he does not want to raise the motion against the Lamphang. announced earlier to hold the election today.
He urged the Prime Ministers to order a search operation against the smuggled weapons and strict action against those responsible.
The elections to the Legislative Assembly of Mizoram are scheduled to be held in the last months of this year.
Not only did they hate the teachers but they also tortured them by harassing and delaying their salaries until they slept all night on Secretariat Road and even shot gas tears at the teachers. .
Shillong, July 18: The BJP Meghalaya State Unit led by State President Rikman Momin and State Minister Alexander L. Hek on Tuesday met with the Union Minister of Home Affairs. Amit Shah in Shillong on Tuesday evening The party leaders had the opportunity to discuss and explain to Amit Shah on the demands of the state such as the inclusion of Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Khyrnit Baphra, the Inner Line Permit. (ILP) and the opening of the North Eastern trade route through Meghalaya which Amit Shah listened to and agreed to look into these issues.
Shillong, June 28: “We will contest in all 60 constituencies, now we are going to hold meetings around the constituencies, next month we will start in Ri-Bhoi,” said Bah Aiban Marbaniang President of the PDF. The Khasi Author Society (KAS) has organized a program to promote the Khasi language on the 5th June 2017 from Jaiaw Shyiap Dorbar Hall, Shillong at 11.30 am to the square. student Jaiaw.
At present, there are still many shortcomings such as masks to cover the faces of the people and even the police who conduct checking do not have masks.
The authorities should be vigilant in this area to take measures to save the passengers from any danger as in many places, it seems that they will fall far away from the road due to the floods. the stone, the synjor of the earth.
He said the announcement acknowledged that the NEC will allocate funds for 300 people to recruit nurses and midwives in Japan and also announced that it will provide skill loans in the hotel industry.
From the speeches of the elders and owners of the park, it was understood that the main reason for the ban on quarrying in Riat Ryngngain is after the government authorities received a complaint from Mawkhap, a village which There is a shatrai of Riat Ryngngain, which has complained that the quarrying in Ryngngain has damaged the agriculture, forests and polluted the drinking water.
They will also discuss the strengthening of the party in the state.
“I have decided to contest the MDC election because of the wishes of the people and supporters,” said Bah Shullai.
“However, our wish is that besides increasing the violence, it is necessary to abolish the issuance of trading license to foreigners,” he added.
When talking to the patients, what is their feeling regarding the food distribution of this organization?
“Now the number of drug users in the state has increased steadily, earlier it was only in the urban areas, but now it has reached even the rural areas.
It is through him that many of the reports speak and express that there is a lack of compliance or respect by the state to the orders of the court.
The wealth we receive is like a flood that comes and when it goes, it flows like a flood.
For Risingsun Mukhla, Rimi Pyrtuh scored 2 goals (11, 58) and Disfiveboy Nongrum (23).
“It ended up in such a discussion, this has affected us because we promised in front of many people, who are more last year than this year,” said Babu Boldness. The 30 feet tall statue of Tirot Singh.
The Garo community in Assam said that they have been neglected by the Assam government in many ways and only the District Council can look after their customs and traditions so that their community will survive.
To have so many deaths in a small state like ours is a very worrying thing.
In the final of the super heavyweight 92kg+ between Sagar of Railways and Jaipal Singh of Punjab.
Shillong: A meeting was held between the Khasi Students' Society (KAS) and the leaders of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today.
After this, it lost five MLAs who left to support the NPP-led MDA government, expressing their dissatisfaction with the leadership of Bah Vincent Pala.
Pala said he is ready to assist those who will appeal against the demarcation to the Supreme Court and regarding the casino, if the Congress comes to power, the casino will not be allowed to come. Meghalaya should introduce policies for the benefit of the people.
JOWAI: Police of Jowai Police Station, West Jaintia Hills have released 9 girls involved in prostitution and arrested 8 persons including women suspected of trafficking these children and men. I want to please myself from Mihmyntdu, a village near Jowai.
The MPUF has demanded that the health department should provide for the needs of this hospital and upgrade it so that it can provide better services to the people of the area.
He died on the same night at 9.30 pm.
It is his duty to implement his knowledge,” said Dr Mukul.
Damanbhalang Chyne, who came as the second substitute, scored the goal after he sent the ball into the crossbar through Dawanplielad Myrchiang.
Shillong, June 10: The Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASToM), the union of Adhoc School Teachers in Meghalaya, has continued its strike to convey the demands of the Adhoc School Teachers in Meghalaya. The State Government, at a public meeting held at Tura, West Garo Hills District on Saturday, has decided to hold a rally in Shillong.
This shows the selfishness of the owners of the cows and also of the organizers of the fete to get a reason to take tickets up to 300 each ?? How to earn money quickly in one day?? Who cares?? DEI HI UBA PLI U PAIDBAH U PADUK U BASUKFurthermore, what makes the people sad and sad is the inability of many of the people to see or watch the cow race even after buying tickets. .
Dayoophi Iakai said that the Food and Supply Department, West Jaintia Hills has already sent all the applications of those who have applied for new ration cards to the Directorate of Food and Civil Supply, Shillong. Get a new ration card.
The farmers who sell from here to the market where they grow Kba, Phan, riewhadem, prisbin, kajor, soh and others are now expecting that these crops will also be able to export. state, in order to generate additional income through agriculture.
He said that in 2003 there were four languages, and Bodo was included in the Eighth Schedule of the Constitution of India. for.
Sanborlang Tang (2), Rangdaman Laloo (13), Kitlang Lathong (2) and Risanlang Dkhar (33, 54, 68, 70, 72 and 77) scored the nine goals.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Principal of North Liberty HSS, Ma B Richard Uriah, said that this incident is due to the presence of God the Creator. They have spent their efforts to provide education to children online (or using the internet) to achieve this goal.
“Why don't they come to test which network is suitable for use in this village before they come or why don't they bring generators to get electricity,” said Samla Garland S. Manner.
Shillong, July 06 : U BJP leader and Tura MDC, Bernard N Marak on Tuesday alleged that unregistered contractors are implementing smart town projects.
In just fifteen minutes they were home.
After these two, Agreas scored 3 runs from 24 balls and Ray scored 5 runs (not out) from 37 balls as Meghalaya finished with 118 runs and lost. He took eight wickets in 60 runs to score points.
(When the Khasi people include the Pnar, Bhoi, War, Maram and Lyngngam) After the Khasi became human beings here on earth, it is not known whether they had inheritance in these same hills and valleys. as they were discovered by the British or whether they came from other parts of the world.
Shillong: The Government of India, through the Ministry of Coal, New Delhi, on 6th June 2021, has approved the resumption of coal mining in the state, by giving approval to five coal miners, who have through the Government of Meghalaya.
In the past 24 hours, heavy rain, landslides and cyclones have hit South West Garo Hills.
The passers-by also heard that these people who attended the rally called for the transformation of Meghalaya into a Hindu State.
However, the surprising thing is that the government's award of employment to this contractor has been a failure as there is no contractor in the state.
I am the leader of the people and if I am sent to contest in any field I am ready,” said Ampareen.
When you go to buy clothes from a Dkhar, even if you send 20 kinds, you don't thnum and you don't dom; While the Khasi, when they got shops, they felt like they were sitting on the throne of the king.
“This is a good opportunity for those who are entrepreneurs and will further our efforts to provide health care to all,” he said, urging local entrepreneurs to refrain from importing. country with any technology.
The BSF should receive clear instructions that they cannot commit crimes and there should be strict penalties against those who commit crimes.
The situation in the world which has been severely affected by the Corona virus or Covid-19 will completely change the mind set of the voters and will affect the world. politics in Meghalaya in the MLA election to be held in
Shillong: The State Government has suspended the police involved in the killing of former General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew. The incident occurred on the 13th of July 2021 at his residence in Mawlai Kynton Massar. The Sur of Mawlai residents did not just listen to that, but showed other activities to protest and oppose. On the first day of the 6th November 2021, the Sur of Mawlai residents have gathered to march and protest because the police have given reasons. They said that the shooting death of Bah Che was because he fought against the police with a knife when they raided his house.
The year 2023 for many, could be an incredibly fast-paced year.
They were identified as Pynhoi Nongtdu, 35, of Pohshnong, Nartiang and Banteilang Mynsong, 23, of Pdengshnong, Mawryngkneng.
July 16, 2020: Jharkhand vs Delhi.
Synrem said the party has informed the Governor to direct the State Government to immediately implement the Meghalaya State Agricultural Produce and Livestock Marketing Act, marketing of agricultural products from one place to another and including the trade of wild animals within the state and across the country.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: To promote tied golf in the State and the North East, the Governor of Meghalaya, Krishan Kant Paul, has proposed to hold the second Governor's Golf Cup every year. day in collaboration with the Assam Rifles.
After the incident, women blocked the National Highway 39 to demand the immediate release of Khapur. She was tied with a gun from her head and many others were injured when they went to demand the release of Khapur.
“Those who do not dare to come out with a clear and courageous spirit to form a party to protect the country and the nation, are not, cannot and should not claim to be true leaders but only receivers. -kabu" he said again.
Kynshi Bangla officials have informed that the tournament will open on the 28th November 2023 where two top teams including Chan Shaphrang Football Club will face each other. The match will be played at 2.30 pm at Kynshi Bangla Ground in Eastern West Khasi Hills.
After the announcement of the election results, the new President of the KSU, Samla Lambok, said that the KSU will continue to stand on the grounds it has always stood on, namely to demand ILP, against Uranium and to oppose the railway line while the government has not yet been able to introduce a strong law to prevent the illegal entry of mynder into the state.
The death toll in Wales has risen to 16, Scotland to 14, Northern Ireland to two and 303 from England.
This initiative is a continuation of the ECI's efforts to improve the coverage of elections in the country.
“The Government of Meghalaya will take action to talk to the Government of Bangladesh to provide land for the statue of Tirot Singh to be built in this museum. in Dhaka,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar.
It is also necessary to test up to 20-30 people from one patient and to provide accurate information regarding the people who have been in contact with the patient.
When the Prime Minister stood up to answer (the budget) and also to explain in detail about the budget, in the name of the Rule, they all came out”.
Shillong, March 03: The Prime Minister's Street Vendor's AtmaNirbhar Nidhi (PM SVANidhi) scheme, an initiative under the support of the Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs (MoHUA), has reached a milestone in providing assistance to more than 50 people. Lakhs of people sell roadside vendors across the country.
The court has given until 2 pm to decide on the appointment of the Public Prosecutor and according to the source, the state government has asked for until evening to decide on the matter.
, when the NEP cannot be prepared or implemented quickly without consulting how to deal with the model Qs papers in the AC, the syllabus for all subjects from 3rd to 8th Semester which should be prepared, to to be consulted and approved by the Board of Studies of the various Departments of the School Boards and finally to be consulted and approved by the Academy Council.
The France captain did not want to continue to negotiate new terms and recently PSG decided to sell him.
Therefore, the rule in the kingdoms is not the rule of the people but the rule of the aristocracy.
Kharjarin said that the roads of these villages are very bad compared to other roads of other villages.
The District Council today held a meeting with the EM Incharge of Market, Trade and Enforcement, former Chairman of KHADC Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Ministers and Hill Leaders. Farmer Union and traders in the market.
Where is the responsibility of the police to protect the people and bring peace and order?
And MR, this time the border will not be like MoU 1, you know.
The High Court of Meghalaya has directed the State Government to prepare a Roster System to identify the vacant posts according to the allocated group to avoid any errors in the filling of vacant posts. posts that will be released later.
We should not surprise people now but this state will survive.
For this good deed, SP Bah M.Kharkrang, awarded them with letters and money as a sign of encouragement.
Shillong: The District Sports Officer, Shillong on 11th October, 2020, organized a competition entitled “Knowledge and Tyrko” entitled “East Khasi Hills District Level Inter School Quiz & Debate Competition 2020" will be held at U Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong starting at 11 am.
He said that if the government proceeds to resolve the boundary in Block I, it cannot forget about the JHADC and therefore to strengthen the land law, it needs to elect from regional parties or national parties who can protect it. the earth is shyiap.
However, in the 64th minute, Hungary managed to score another goal which lasted until the end of the first half.
Perhaps by doing so, the fight was easier for Shibun.
If we look closely, the reason for the collapse of the Khasi family is that the men have lost their authority as longkñi, and that the women have taken over the responsibility of the elderly, especially the youngest daughters.
The scientist said that the emergence of this new virus is that there may be people who want to develop a vaccine against HIV (Human Immunodeficiency Virus).
The struggle is between the ruling party, the BJP. Its promises are mainly to the farmers, to provide seeds of crops such as rice, wheat, barley, and other crops. wheat, barley, jhur, jhep and other crops.
“On this day of remembrance of Thomas Jone, the party also reminded of the delay of the central government to include the Khasi language in Article 8 of the Constitution of India, the time has come. “Now to recognize the Khasi language as one of the languages ​​to be recognized according to the Constitution of the country, whether in literature or in education in the state,” he added.
Because it is in the rural areas, guides are also required by the villagers and the guide charge shall not be less than 500/- per group.
“It is the responsibility of the Government to take action to punish or suspend these police chiefs who are involved in this case and the Government has the right. and if it finds that these police chiefs are not involved, it can re-appoint them after the investigation.
He said that the JHTOA will not hesitate to take a decision to protest against the corruption of these dewbilat factories and deprive the indigenous truck owners of the opportunity to earn money from the transportation.
At Police Bazar, 352 people tested negative, at Maxwelton Estate, 352 people tested positive and at LIC Dhankheti, 56 people tested positive. only one was positive.
Nongpoh: A meeting was held between all the office bearers of various Sports Clubs and Affiliates of the Ri Bhoi District Sports Association (RBDSA) today to discuss the preparations for the to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the RBDSA in
The deadline for registration is 5 January
Wandonbok said that on Saturday they will announce the time and place to invite the Presidents, Secretaries and other leaders of various districts within the state. Meghalaya to consider other steps of the protest for the coming months.
He said they have requested the Union Minister to intervene and cancel the clearance to Star Cement to avoid affecting the environment and the people of 15 villages in the area.
This was announced by the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma today after the Cabinet meeting.
Do you need a degree and a competitive exam for the post of MLA/MDC?
The Muktiar expressed his dissatisfaction with the arrest of the two female teachers by the police. He said that according to the law, the police cannot arrest women after sunset and before the sunset. They were arrested at midnight, he said, adding that they would think about what to do.
This is the initiative of the Government to increase the production of rice seeds and cultivation to produce in the market. These seeds are also High Yielding Varieties (HYV) which will run the market across the state in the North East. and to other parts.
The village strongly condemns the robbers involved in this murder and demands that the police department should take action to investigate and investigate the robbers with strict punishment so that such incidents will not happen again in the future. .
It is prohibited to sit on the village roads or foot-paths, especially during the dark hours and not to do anything that may disgrace the village of Malki.
Therefore, Sunday is a day set aside for the purpose of spending time in worship and the end of the festival on Sunday to honor the tree is an insult to our faith. and also to God,” said STIEH in a statement.
U Bah MG Kharshanlor, said that the police at the weight bridge, when they stopped the vehicle, they sent it through the Jingkieng Thew just to get money, because the vehicle was not thew. Faithful.
The union requests all the residents of the area, coal owners and coal truck owners to put the welfare of the area first and to cooperate with the union on this decision of the union to ban. All coal vehicles to pass from Rajaju to Nongjri road until the road is improved and paved.
However, the beauty of the place alone is not enough, if there is no adequate accommodation, roads and easy traffic especially the manners and spirituality of the residents.
The meeting was held at the Circuit House Nongstoin in the presence of MLA Macmillan Byrsat, Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, T. Lyngwa, BDOs, AL Mawlong, Director of Nongstoin. Fisheries Department officers and others.
The Officer on Special Duty (OSD) of the Meghalaya Institute of Governance (MIG) who conducted the public hearing for this purpose, Bah Aibanshngain Swer, said that two places in Garo Hills have been destroyed. I have to find another one because the people don't accept it because the land is not suitable because it is too far from the road.
The Khasi are a spiritual people – who understand the relationship between human beings and who seek the help of God.
Ultimately, the song encourages people to travel far and achieve their dream to another foreign country.
Assistant General Secretary: When Vennhanan Was Killed5.
There have been 5,706 new cases in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of cases in England to 70,7
Have jobs in the State been stolen by foreigners or those “mynder”? Let's look at some of the figures- According to the 2011 census, 61.25% of the residents in Shillong Urban The agglomeration is made up of Hynniewtrep and Achik.
Inside she thought that she would wait a few years before she started her own work.
“We will build safe and durable roads in the state,” he said, adding that the construction of torti roads has also added money to the government as it has to maintain them from time to time. .
This confusion increases with the passing of the days until those who insult and speak against themselves are caught and turned away.
The three districts affected by the floods include Udalguri district, Sonitpur district and Cachar district. district.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Israel has been at war since the militants attacked from the Gaza Strip.
Shillong, June 09 : The Khasi Dancing Competition 2022 has been decided to be held only at the Khasi Dancing Competition 2022 and the song competition will be held at other times. happy news judgment.
We will take this up again at the meeting of the two parties, the UDP and HSPDP,” he said.
The search for the suspects is ongoing, police said.
The Dorbar Khliehsnong has also decided not to auction the land of the village or hand it over to foreign authorities, said Dr. Shembhalang Kharwanlang, Rangbah Shnong, Khliehshnong, Hima Sohra.
He said that if we talk about the intention to cause damage by those who intend to cause trouble, the loss belongs to the people, and it cannot be done in the name of deteriorating the situation just for the benefit of They and the police and the Government are here to maintain peace and order in the State.
When asked, Bah Mawrie said the party expects to win up to 15 seats.
The Jirang MLA has sent this petition after receiving many complaints from the people living in the border areas, who have faced serious problems during the time of the floods. They intend to register their land, because they have to pay a lower price and it is more expensive to register in Meghalaya, while if they go to register in Assam, they don't have to pay anything. and that they don’t have to pay money at all.
Speaking to Rupang, Marbisu Hima Secretary Edward Kurbah said that the Hima had initially taken the initiative to talk to the National Highway and the company but after these things happened. The Hima authorities were ignored and the work was done by the four Rangbah Shnongs of Lwai Sohram, Traw Saitkhlieh, Mawpyllun and Kreit Marbisu.
BM Lanong said that he published the Lumshyllong newspaper in 1977, but in the 1990s he had to stop working due to lack of work. Referring to the articles published in the Lum Shyllong newspaper, the two columns Kak shi kak and Nia Motphran have attracted the attention of the readers. The editor of this newspaper explained that the placement of these two columns should clean up the newspaper.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, congratulated the police department by saying, “Thieves from all over the country are trying to commit crimes to disrupt the peace and order in the country. Meghalaya.
It is the duty of the village to think carefully to create ways and means to avoid incidents, which may affect the passengers especially the sick who need emergency treatment, who have been carried Ambulances to take them to hospitals like Mairang and Shillong.
Pragya, 48, was accused of the Malegaon bomb blast that killed seven people and injured 100 others in 2006 and herself was arrested under the Unlawful Activities Act. (Prevention) Act.
Russia beat Saudi Arabia 5-0 at the Luzhniki Stadium on Saturday.
Sanvert Kurkalang of Efty United XI Mynso was named Man of the Match.
In their speeches, the leaders of the four political parties urged their members to be ready at any time, whether it is to shed blood or by other means. In a voice from these party leaders, they said that the central government is ready to grant ILP in the state. Manipur, because there are many insurgent groups in the state and that is why the central government has approved the implementation of the ILP soon, while in Meghalaya due to the absence of insurgent groups, which has prompted the central government to act silently.
“With a 41.5% increase in household water supply, Meghalaya has surpassed the figure of other states in the country which is only 36%, making Meghalaya an example. a role model for other states in the proper implementation of the JJM scheme”.
The RBTEDF will collaborate with the Pine Apple Grover Society and more than 20 villages which are also strong in the production of Sohtrun.
Don't have a shrieh and a line for many kilometers and you don't know that NHAI is here without paying you.
Please remember the term 'Single Window Agency'
Shillong: The FKJGP Riwar Mihngi Circle has acknowledged that the construction of a weight bridge in Erbamon village near Dawki Bridge has endangered the traffic and caused insecurity to the people. for vehicles parked inside it, especially the number of cars and trucks passing by every day.
The newly elected MDC expressed his concern over the backwardness of the area and urged the people to work together for the development of the area.
They will join the squad later as they have to prepare for the Champions League final against Inter Milan on July
Dr Mukul also slammed the NPP for its misunderstanding that the Meghalaya TMC is a Bengali party.
Nongstoiñ, March 11: The 3rd two-month training of APPDA Volunteer Scheme under the APPDA Volunteer Scheme of the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) was inaugurated today. MCS MCS, Nongstoiñ, Nongstoin.
We have also decided to select a few more RRCs to take the project forward," he said.
The 53-Ampati by-election had to be held after Dr Mukul Sangma, who won two seats from Songsak and Ampati in the last elections in June, decided to resign from Ampati. and he gave the Songsak.
Shillong, June 30: “Protests or street rallies cannot solve the problems but only through discussions at the negotiating table,” said the Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly. Speaking as the Chief Guest at the biennial meeting of the AMPSTA held in Shillong on Saturday.
Shillong: Three or four Hajong and Garo people were robbed at the workplace and warehouse of their employer, Nipesh Deb, at Bholaganj Majai village on 30th June. 2019, Krishna Thapa, resident of Laittyra, Sohra, came to order them to pump the water properly to avoid losing the nar pum. and there was a struggle until he was wounded.
The doctors called his mother to tell her about this and said: Kong I am sorry to tell you because your son has stomach cancer and this disease of your son we cannot do anything else to take care of him, because it is too late and too long for him, (last stage) and what remains now is only the hours and days of his life, but she will not tell her son. about this and always please him.
This was announced by Rajindra Kashyap, Joint Secretary to the Government of India.
On the other hand, RL Blah, Leader of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH), said that their visit to the Governor's House was an invitation from RN Ravi.
He used to like to listen to the stories of the Laitlyngkot elders, who say that January of the year according to the Gregorian calendar is the third month in the Khasi thought.
Police are conducting further investigation into the shooting.
Khliehriat, Lber, 14: Members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle on Tuesday night drove and hit a Nigh Super bus and found that the bus had entered Star Cement Company. In Lumshnong, the bus carried many foreigners, after the members of the union investigated, they found that these foreigners wanted to work in the company Star Cement without proper documents. leaf.
The Commander said that if the government cannot allow them to come to the market to sell jhur, it would be better because the people are in fear because of the COVID-19 pandemic. This is the city of Shillong.
It is better to take the soh home and grade them according to their classes, according to their beauty.
This is a pilot project, which the Congress party has tried and wanted across the country between 2004 and 2010. The Congress party has tried to implement the special reservation for Muslims in Andhra Pradesh four times but none of them have been able to do so. In 2011, it planned to implement the Act across India, he admitted.
JOWAI: Leaders of the SEPSD, today met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L. Hek, to demand Abhi Coke, a coal mining factory in Mookhep, East Jaintia Hills District, has been relocated before reaching Ladrymbai.
God has set times and seasons on this earth.
At the same time, the meeting approved the projects sent by the JHADC worth T.33.57 crore.
Congress leaders, including Ampareen Lyngdoh, have also left for Mizoram. .
Love and encouragement are still lacking and superstition is still rampant here and there.
From a distance, these terraces look like stones on a mountainside, and how beautiful.
Ma Rymbui said the seven villages which have been placed under the containment zone include Amlarem, Krang Pamtdong, Amsarim, Ladjaplem, Amshipai, Lai Lyngdoh and Amlatdoh.
Shillong, July 06 : Shillong Lajong beat Riangdo 2-0 in the final match of the Meghalaya State League Group Stadium at MDSA Stadium, Mawkyrwat.
In the investigation, the Special Cell, East Khasi Hills, in collaboration with the Guwahati City Police, arrested five of these robbers from Guwahati.
East Garo Hills Police said that the child was released by the residents and handed over to the police.
These vehicles include a police bus and a private Maruti Gypsy belonging to a policeman driving inside the police station.
Therefore, the State will set up two more men's teams, Assam Rifle Public School from East Khasi Hills in the U-17 category and HK Singh Secondary School from West Jaintia Hills in the U-14 category.
In the Khasi language there may be some parts of speech that need to be included in the grammar, which may not have a snap in the English language. or other languages.
That is a strong message from the District Council,” said Bah Pynïaid.
He said that the arrangement is because there are villages where the MLA falls under one constituency and the MDC falls under another constituency.
Dr Mukul, who expressed the dangers of drugs and the concern of parents for their children, warned that as public leaders, we should be vigilant when dealing with such people, who cannot know their nature.
“I don't see that the Prime Minister should continue in office and should step down immediately,” said the Nongthymmai MLA.
This is called ground curling.
He said that the 26th July has been chosen as the People's Day because it is the day when the people are the most powerful in the democracy of India.
The Salesians of Don Bosco will celebrate their 100th anniversary on the 30th March, 2022 at the Cathedral Parish, Laitumkhrah in Shillong.
Murray has not won a single trophy in his career since he won it in Antwerp in March
“According to the RTI reply, the contractor has withdrawn T.7 lakh on 30th January, T.6 lakh on 20th July and T.1.30 crore on 30 January, 2018.
Shillong, July 21: U BR Rana has been promoted to the post of Additional Director General of Police (ADGP) Meghalaya.
In order to improve the health status of the state, the state government has taken the initiative to support the State Cancer Society of Meghalaya to reduce the number of people affected by this disease. by conducting public awareness campaigns, prevention measures and early detection measures.
Leaders and members of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia & Garo People Domkohsam Unit together with the leaders of the Nongstoiñ Circle, on Friday visited the road, where they found that the cleaning of the road has been completed. long and tortuous to the utmost.
“Then I understood that it was the inspiration of God to contest the election, because I had prayed to God,” he said.
Therefore, you should always wash your hands with soap or handwash using soap and water for at least 20 seconds every time you wash your hands and wash not only your fingers but check carefully and make sure to remove any debris stuck in your hands. .
The union also requests the incumbent Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma to remember the Lukha River, one of the 9 famous rivers in the state, to improve and clean it as he has proposed to improve it. 9 rivers in the state, which are still under construction.
Regarding the construction of the Shillong-Dawki four lane road, Bah Disparsing Rani said that according to the RTI reply received from the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways of the Government of India, the project has been approved. M/s PCC Go Tech Pvt Ltd has been awarded the contract for the construction of the road from Umshyrpi to Umdiengpung.
In the past few days, it has been found that in the Rimen and other parts of West Khasi Hills, the rnga burning is very high and in the evening, the smoke from the rnga pits is very high. tap lup until if the vehicles are passing by, they don't see anymore even if they turn on the lights.
At the PGI Hospital in Chandigarh, 146 doctors have tested positive for the virus in the past two days.
In his short speech, the Myntri Shnong of Lower Mawpud, Bah S.Basan, congratulated the FKJGP for organizing this tournament and urged him to continue to encourage the FKJGP to continue to grow. Such sports activities can be held and especially to promote football in the area.
They speak coldly, but they don't see what the people are saying.
He said many of the people are not surprised regarding the success of hosting the North East Olympic Games and many of the participants have expressed their appreciation for the smooth running of the sports in the state.
A woman identified as The Siangshai has been allegedly murdered by her husband at her home in Jalyiah village, East Jaintia Hills District.
Therefore, we both the parties expressed our opposition and thus on the part of the ministers of the king they ended without any decision because they could not control the anger of these parties.
They have hands, but they don't handle; they have feet, but they don't walk, and they don't speak with their voices.
We are afraid and worried as a state because we know that we cannot protect ourselves if the MPs from the high paid states vote for us.
For example, 40% of a group living in another district cannot be filled and jobs remain vacant.
He also gave an example that the government buildings are like Chinese goods that after a while they have destroyed.
The HNYF leaders urged the government to look into the problems of the people regarding the deterioration of the roads and at the same time, they urged the government to take action in the food security. The government has decided to improve this road, which is one of the most important roads for the people living in the area.
Since its inception in 2013, the festival has attracted many artists including Hugh Masekela, Herbie Hancock, Ms. Lauryn Hill, Earth, Wind and Fire, Grace Jones, Van Morrison, Gladys. Knight, Laura Mvula, Jamie Cullum, The Cinematic Orchestra, George Benson, Chick Corea, Steve Winwood, Nile Rodgers, Louie Vega, Esperanza Spalding, Elvis Costello, Brad Mehldau, Robert Glasper, Mahalia, Gregory Porter, Lianne La Havas, Tom Misch , Mavis Staples, Pharoah Sanders and more.
Shillong, June 15: The SSA-RMSATI on Thursday accused the state government of misleading the public by saying that the Teachers' Eligibility Test (TET) is “If we go according to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Dr. RC Laloo who said that all the teachers will have to fight according to the NCTE to fully recruit SSA teachers. “It means that more than 50 lakh teachers are teaching in government schools and this has not happened,” said Arvind Rana, president of SSA-RMSATI.
The school that was destroyed is the Children's Treasure High School in Torbung Bazaar.
Abhinab Saikia of Assam won the Best Challenger Boxer and Pradeep Bisht of Assam won the Best Official while Meghalaya won the Fair Play award.
(Rom8:9).
Two organizations of East Jaintia Hills District, SBYWA, KSU, Hingaria Unit and Hingaria Village have sent a letter to the JHADC to protest against the auction. the Prang and Tisang (Myntdu) rivers are the lower parts of Myntdu before flowing into Bangladesh.
At that time many would think that war would be the war of Armageddon but it was not, but it was still a world war that had just begun but from now on it would be a terrible war until the day of Armageddon.
“We are ready to welcome Bah Antonio and others are still in talks with our party leaders,” said Bah Shibun.
Under the Act, there are 1249 registered land dealers in 6 Municipal Areas of the State.
“All the Chief Executive Members, Rangbah Shnong, Myntri Shnong, Sordar Shnong, Matabor, should receive Sanad from the Chief Executive Members of the Hima in accordance with the Laws and Rules of the Hima/Elaka.
During the inspection, Sacheti and other members found that the land is still vacant and there has been no start of work, although the state has been in existence for only two years. to provide for the needs of the people.
The hope of the people of the State is only to breed their own cows and for the farmers to see the opportunity here and the market,” said TMC Youth Leader Richard Marak.
The Pohlong Kur is mostly found in Jaintia Hills but it is said that this Kur originated from the Shyllong Hills and from there they started to grow all over the country and now the members of this Kur are more numerous in the eastern parts of the country. Lady Hill.
About 8 million tons of plastic enter the oceans every year.
Swastic Chetri scored 66 runs from 95 balls and Raj Biswas scored 46 runs from 38 balls.
In this regard, the Deputy Commissioner of WKHD has imposed 144 CrPC on the village to prevent the spread of the disease to other areas.
He said that T.10,000 per day is a small loss, but the expenses are high, besides electricity bill, labor bill, shop bill, tax and others.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 06: The State Government has expressed its inability to make any promises to the Accredited Social Health Activists (ASHAs) on the grounds that they receive their salaries according to their work.
They sent them to Assam but the problem is that our people do not understand the language and literacy.
The grandson of the first Chief Minister of the state is one of the nine candidates who have applied for the Congress ticket from Tura. Parliamentary seat.
This incident happened at 4 pm this evening when a sudden storm and rain have hit all parts of Ri-Bhoi district but Umdap Dumu village is one of the villages which has been severely affected by the flood. the wind is strong.
He said that China's achievements in the field of space in recent days have surprised many countries, especially the United States.
Although the State Government has proposed to increase the need for troops and paratroops in all 12 districts to curb the illegal coal mining, but to implement even if it is only temporary is not easy to implement as it will take time. money and power.
He said that the body was found on Tuesday at about 3 pm, but initially it was suspected that it was the body of a man. so you can't recognize the shape of the tree.
“There are many problems faced by the ASHA workers but the biggest problem is because of the low salary because until now the ASHA workers have been paid T.2,000 per month and only T. “It's 100 rupees a day,” said Kong Mirajune.
He said that T.4000 tyngka to buy two piglets is unbelievable and even one of them is difficult to get. “They have to raise the piglet first, they sell it after recognizing that it has been eaten, do you think you can get a piglet for T.4000 tyngka,” said the HSPDP MLA from Mawshynrut constituency.
(Max Cement), today held a blood donation as a sign of support for those who urgently need blood at any time.
China has claimed ownership of Arunachal Pradesh as South Tibet, although the Indian Foreign Ministry has strongly opposed China's claim. Arunachal Pradesh is the strongest part of India.
What is more shocking is that the Government admits that these are merely allegations when there are any obvious shortcomings especially in the implementation of public funds.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 14: Leaders of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People Rambrai Circle on Friday met with the District Medical and Health Officer of Rambrai PHC. West Khasi Hills at its office to discuss the matter.
In a statement, the Deputy Commissioner, Kong RM Kurbah, said that the MHIS was launched in 2013 and since then, it has benefited the people of the district and the state as a whole. Assistance in paying for medical treatment in hospitals especially for the poor people of the district.
“Later, it will help the people as the price of goods will drop, and the bank will be more willing to lend to the unemployed and the interest rate will be lower,” said an Income source. rate.
The Inner Line Permit (ILP), the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India are the issues that have been passed by the State Legislative Assembly.
Those in power don't need to think like us all, how to provide for our families.
They also expressed their surprise that the dewbilat was sold according to the song, because it is the dewbilat produced from this state and the buyers are from this state which they think that As usual, the price of sale and what is written is different, but now they sell according to what is written.
The Shad Sukra started yesterday in their respective villages with drama performances and today is the “Mih Market Day”. parents, young men and young children came out with beautiful and bright clothes.
Letter from U Colonel H.F.Dunsford, C.B., Commanding Jynteah Field Force, sha U Captain E.K.O.Gilbert, Assistant Adjutant General of the Presidency Division, Calcutta, (No.43, dated the 31st December 1862.
In another message, Ismail Haniyeh, another Hamas leader, said, "If Israel wants to show force, we are ready for it.
The next morning on the 26th at 6 pm, army officers came to Kharkutta OP and lodged an FIR in which they said that The police have received a tip that some GNLA members were entering the area on motorcycles and the troops conducted a raid at the Motor Vehicle Check Post (MVCP) near Rajasimla at 10:00 pm. 815 pm and they also searched two motorcycles passing through the area and after a while another motorcycle came and there were two people inside the motorcycle. There was no fire at 8:40 pm.
However, this work has been left in the dark without any complaint from the government authorities.
This is a place where there are many government buildings of different countries of the world, including the US government buildings.
This shows that the BJP leader has no knowledge of the problems faced by the Khasi people and the issues that could affect the country and the nation if the railway comes.
Without their cooperation, all the efforts would go nowhere.
The India Meteorological Department has warned that there will be heavy rainfall across the state until the 25th of this month due to the arrival of Cyclone Sitrang from the Bay of Bengal.
Prestone said that only five people were allowed to attend the wedding ceremony, but up to 41 people attended the wedding ceremony. Up to 41 persons have been allowed to travel to Guwahati.
He also criticized the MDA government for following up on the ILP and the central government as it has been suspended without being implemented in the state.
And the children of Israel did according to the word of Moses; for God spake.
The winner was Sarin SC with a cash prize of T.25,000 and a trophy.
On the other hand, Bah A Wanswett and Kong A Thabah gave training on the dangers of child marriage, health and the need to think carefully to reduce the number of children because a small family is a happy family.
The funeral service will be held on the 27th July, 2023 at the Laitumkhrah Presbyterian Church, Lawjynriew.
According to him, it is through the BJP workers in the state which is part of the government that has helped the state to get many projects from the Central Government.
Ten boxes of soap were recovered from the body of one woman and 20 boxes of soap packed with drugs were recovered from the body of another.
Dayohimi Laloo scored for Iongpiah in the 22nd minute and Saiwotibor Suwer in the 59th minute while Arwankimi Suting scored for Demthring in the 31st minute.
Meghalaya in the past 50 years, has been the only state that has collected from the central government any job to meet the needs of the state from food, drink, projects, development works.
Through this increase in knowledge, drone spraying and other agricultural related activities, it is expected that nano fertilizers will continue to grow in the future which will also lead to reduction in the use of fertilizers.
Shillong: Leaders of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today demanded from the leaders of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Leader of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Conrad K Sangma that the They should not take a decision to punish BJP MLA Sanbor Shullai.
Tur beit to the court so that you don't lose your country. If the Stieh bah of the jaitbynriew, has been established by these MDCs, know that the Shuki you are sitting on is not eternal.
Unfortunately, many teachers take tuition for their own students and this shows that the teachers in the schools are teaching only in the right way so that only those who come for tuition can I don't want to explain more clearly, otherwise why don't you send your children to prepare books?
He said the Congress party is fortunate that 12 MLAs have emerged a year before the elections and this allows the party to continue to strengthen its workers from the block level.
Announcing this decision on the opening ceremony, the CEM of KHADC and MDC of the area, Bah Titos W Chyne, said that in the beginning within 10 years, there has been a 65 percent of the revenue will go to the KHADC and 35 percent to the village.
On the other hand, the Home Guard Volunteers for COVID-19 and the KSU have demanded immediate payment of their bill which is their right.
Bollywood actress Katrina Kaif will marry Vicky Kaushal in Jaipur, Rajasthan, in November
On the same day, the Minister also laid the foundation stone for the construction of the bridge on the Rongon River at Rongbing Boldak to Chekwebibra.
“I remember, (I won’t name) one of the officers, she completely left the meeting.
Jowai, Naitung 31: The Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football Tournament 2022 was held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai today.
They are well prepared, even though they are still in government service and do not hesitate to violate the laws and regulations.
Shillong: After a clash on Tuesday night, the Durga Temple in Nartiang, where Oni Maskut Deshmukh, was able to perform religious rituals yesterday and today, through the order of the Meghalaya High Court.
We are pleased that many of our people have understood this part and are willing to carry out any work they do properly, but there are still some who do not fully understand this part. appreciate the work they do, whether it is small or large.
The meeting was conducted by Ma Rupaia Lamar President SFSL. Short speeches were also delivered by Dr. PM Passah, Principal Khad Ar Daloi Law College and VM Rai. The speakers congratulated Sawaka Kynjing for the honor she has brought to the college and wished her success in her life and work.
In Larket, 20 households, in Shnongrim 20 and in Lakadong 25 households were distributed.
He cannot do without the law.
Article 8 states, “That the Government shall have the right at any time to appoint any person to be a vendor of liquor from any patta shet and in this case the holders shall be entitled to They are not allowed to sell any of the kyiad they produce except to the government.
Tura, July 15: The men's football team of Ri-Bhoi and West Garo Hills District today won the men's football tournament of the 5th Meghalaya Games held at Chanmari Stadium. Now.
Chandra said that on that night, he had already drunk about 12 bottles of beer and for this reason, he did not know anyone else but in anger he drove the car. These children were riding and fled from him, where he collided with the vehicle they were riding when they reached Temescal Valley and after the collision, the vehicle went to collide with him. beit beit the tree opposite them on the road.
On the inability of Muslim men who have more than one wife to register with the law, Shabong said it is a sign to the world and society that he respects and values ​​all the wives he has. “Why don't we dare to show to the society that these are my friends when they are true?” said Bah Shabong. If the husband doesn't honor her as he did his first wife, how will the relatives of his wife feel?
In these days, parents are very worried about their children.
The counting of votes will now be held on November 9, as there is opposition to the counting of votes on Sunday by political parties and the Presbyterian Church authorities in the state.
Mizoram Tourism Authority has taken steps to promote sustainable tourism through green tourism in Khamrang, which is a project under the DoNER department. in the village.2) Tourism development and social empowerment: one of the priorities of India’s G20 presidency is the overview of tourism development and social empowerment society.
One person has died in an accident which happened this morning at Moomon, Mihmyntdu near the office of the Soil and Water Conservation Department, Jowai.
Mawkyrwat, Naiwieng 26: The Mawten Sports Club on Saturday opened the 3rd Above 40 Football Tournament 2023 at Mawpyllun Stadium, Mawten, South West Khasi Hills. A total of 14 teams came to participate.
Director Jay Roach has been talking about this new part since last year and has also said that he will go to Monte Carlo.
On the Prime Minister's claim that this is only an election issue, he said, “The election issue cannot come from the mouth of the supreme leader of the country and who brought this issue is the The Union Home and the party in the state have also written and will continue to write that they need an investigation into these allegations”.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest said that this is a friendship between the people of India and Japan and an agreement that will continue in the coming days.
For the requirements, the government has paid about Rs 5.90 lakh to the National Medical Commission of India as a processing fee.
“Long, you don't want to go anywhere, you don't want to eat or drink anymore... You don't want to drink anymore...!” She immediately picked up the dress that Rida was wearing.
In this matter, which is an important part of the Public Administration, each person sits as a Judge every five years to judge and measure the loss and gain, the welfare not only of himself but also of himself. you are a round nation.
On the day of the examination, the headmaster of the school announced that the school will hold a khana on November 9 and the result will be released the next day.
Lajong's N Gurung was sent off for a red card in the 93+3 minutes before the end of the match.
The President of HANM said that after the protest, if the HANM does not succeed, the HANM will hold a public meeting on this issue. talk to the Assam government.
In the incident, Michael Marak stabbed Nilu Sangma, 23, in the neck and injured him.
On Tuesday, the EKHCA visited Marbisu where they were able to train these children who took part in the training.
Speaking on the occasion, Major General Gagan Deep said that the NCC should have unity and dignity for the sake of a bright future.
When inquired, he said that as the leader of the HBDRF, he has spoken to the residents of Tahpat Karbi village, who have informed that this house was burnt down by the Karbi people, just to blame the Khasi people. -Escape.
“They were involved in a meeting to discuss outstanding matters, in which a mutual altercation ensued.
There are 2369 cases in East Khasi Hills District, 1670 cases in West Khasi Hills District, 6 cases in West Khasi Hills District, 23 cases in South West Khasi Hills District, 292 cases in Ri Bhoi District and 36 cases in East Jaintia Hills District. , 44 cases in West Jaintia Hills District, 20 cases in East Garo Hills District, 21 cases in North Garo Hills District, 41 cases in South Garo Hills District, 26 cases in South Garo Hills District and 190 cases in West Garo Hills District.
We have never promoted any religion in this State.
Nongstoin, 30th November: Today at 5.30 pm; two employees of a coal magnate, formerly known as U Vincent, were kidnapped; to several complete strangers.
FKJGP President Jeo Marwein said the two committees set up by the government have failed to submit their reports while the committee headed by Rowell has asked for another six months. Daniel Khyriem President of the KSU said that the committee headed by SK Jain has submitted a report that it has found that there are 41 entry and exit points of foreigners which should be closely monitored. He said that 18 cases were reported in Khasi Hills and 23 cases in Garo Hills.
HDR Lyngdoh's brother-in-law, Sysnhar Kupar Lyngdoh Thabah, will have to contest against the NPP candidate Samlin Malngiang, former HSPDP MLA who defeated HDR in the 2018 MLA elections. .
Shillong, June 19: The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) and Minister of the MDA 2.0 Government, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the victory of the United Democratic Party (UDP) The Reservation Policy for only 11 out of 36 seats in Khasi-Jaintia Hills shows that the residents of 25 constituencies do not want to change the Reservation Policy.
The NESO said these speeches also highlighted the government's continued neglect of the North East and the continued implementation of laws such as AFSPA and others.
He said that the district authorities should get the approval of the Autonomous District Councils before issuing any PRC.
Men's Double 35+ Dauru Laloo and Rimilan Passah defeated Nangebormi Suting and Jlan Kupar Rymbai 21-12, 21-1
In fact, what people reveal to the world seems to have little to do with their inner self and mental powers.
Then the Jowai Sub-Division (Jaintia) could join as a unit within the Federation of Khasi States.
They said that private vehicles buy more of their soh but commercial vehicles buy less.
Upon hearing this good news, all the members of the party were delighted including the employees of the party, members of the executive committee, party leaders in the branches, supporters of the party and (They have been stronger than the support of the MLA twice and the former Minister).
She said that Meghalaya is a state blessed by God, and in this small state you can see the natural resources, the people who help and especially the culture and customs that have been established since ancient times. She also praised the present government for doing good and helping many local entrepreneurs to stand on their own feet. they are not helpful.
Furthermore, the vacancies include the post of Assistant Administrative Officer, Office Superintendent, Lecturer, 2 posts of Assistant Lecturer, Teaching Associate, LDA and others.
Grapes are a sweet and sour fruit and many different types of juices are made from these fruits.
“Well done, thou good and faithful servant: thou hast been faithful over a few things, I will make thee ruler over many things.
With this victory, Ladrymbai B.SC has qualified for the final against Chiehruphi SYWSC, at the same time they have qualified for the Super Division next season. season).
We hope it gets a worthy candidate to reach victory.
Joy Lipon, who provides services to the children of a government school in West Jaintia Hills and is also the General Secretary of the AJMDMWU, said that the protest was due to the unfair behavior of the AJMDMWU. the government to pay their salaries from June to November
Noting that the price of synsar has increased significantly in the past few years after it was recognized as an agricultural commodity, the MLA on the other hand expressed his regret that in the past -2 years, the price of synsar has increased to ` 50,000 per ton, or ` 50 per kilo.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The Seng Khasi together with the Sengbah of Nongshat Nongkheiñ on Saturday launched the foundation stone of the Kpep Thangbriew of the Seng Khasi in Mylliem. They did not have the opportunity to open the foundation stone at that place because there was no group waiting at that place to thwart their plan.
The Meghalaya TMC, which formed the party with 12 MLAs from the Congress, has now left only 9 MLAs. The 26-year-old has returned to the I-League to join Real Kashmir FC after a brief stint with Indian Super League club NorthEast United FC. The 29-year-old has joined Real Kashmir FC in the I-League and J&K Premier Football League, formerly known as the Snow Leopards.
“According to the report of scientists from the Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR), pigs die due to classical swine fever,” said Prestone Tynsong.
The salary is now about S$2,210 or Rs.1,36,180/- per month.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi visited the Meghalaya stall at the Craft Bazar at the G20 Summit.
He said that if a person is admitted to hospitals once when he is seriously ill and needs ICU, he will need T.15,000 on the first day while the price will be lower in the following days.
At the time of writing, it is not known whether the owners of the house have informed the BDO of Mawthadraishan to take the necessary action.
In 1998, he defeated Bah RA Lyngdoh from the United Democratic Party (UDP) and won again as an MDC from the Congress in 1999 from the Sohiong-Nongspung Constituency.
The residents of the village on this day, expressed their willingness to work hard to bring a glorious victory to this man.
The price is exempt from other taxes and will come into effect from tonight, petrol companies said.
And Jesus said unto him, Get thee hence, Satan: for it is written, Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou serve.
The tournament will continue on Thursday when Mawlynrei SC will face Laitlulang SC at 2 pm while Umrynjah SC will face Lamlynti SC (Sohïong) at 4 pm.
Therefore, after receiving information about this incident, the group did not listen but went to hand over the donation of money and clothes through Welding Shylla, General Secretary of TULBA Mawkyrwat Unit. Wankit Nongkynrieh, Organizing Secretary TULBA, Mawkyrwat District, gave a speech of encouragement to the families of these victims.
Therefore, the Government will talk to the institutions working with various agencies who can help us to recruit these patients,” said Dr Ampareen.
To date, there have been 13.14 lakh cases.
Himanta, Conrad Sangma and Dr Mukul Sangma have visited the UDP President to form a government.
Shillong: There have been 362 new cases of covid-19 in the state today.
“Expressing the reason why the Union has conveyed its demands to the Government, Bah Kharraswai said, “Since the NHM, Meghalaya has agreed to operate the EMRI-1 any benefits, including leave, medical insurance and provident fund.
There will also be an office of the Press Club at the DIPR office.
Sir Bertrand Arthur William Russell (1970-72) English mathematician and philosopher, Nobel Prize winner, wrote in a book entitled: “Selected few of Betrand Russell” : “Those people who practice the matrilineal system have no right to claim that they are the Children of God.
Shillong: U Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, today said that it will not be easy for the State Government to get the Inner Line Permit Act. (ILP).
Two of the deceased were reportedly drivers of the truck.
On the same day, the HYC also visited the shops selling food and near the stand indica and found that there were garbage dumped without being found. The union has discussed with these shopkeepers that they should clean up their shops and not throw garbage without finding it but they should keep it properly and throw it in the right places. or to burn them.
And of this truth the Book of Psalms says – “For he hath founded the earth upon the seas, and established it upon the floods” Psalm 24:2
There are 4,427 confirmed cases and 1,185 deaths.
This survey will be notified if the schools in the Sub-divisions or Constituencies need to be repaired immediately.
Shillong: The second phase of the border talks between Assam and Meghalaya has been suspended, said the Chairman of the Regional Committee for West Khasi Hills, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday. He said that the talks have been delayed due to the lack of response from the Assam Government.
He said that the state government is ready to set up Art Cinema Halls in Meghalaya to develop the film industry in the state.
Besides Neog, Rajdeep Goala, MLA from Lakhipur, joined the BJP today.
On the other hand, the court has once again criticized the operation of coal factories or coke factories which have appeared without any proper permission from the government authorities.
In North Garo Hills, there are 15 cases and in Ribhoi, there are 58 cases.
Sangma, while speaking on the 'Implementation of Water Conservation-Construction of Check dam of water security (Domestic Purpose) in Convergence with MGNREGA' at Mawpyllun Ranikor.
That means those who believe in his name.
“My brother sent me this picture and it is available at a store in Edison, New Jersey, for $2.99 ​​only.
After being arrested, he was taken to the HYC office at Mawlai Petrol Pump.
Although there have been many discussions between the Chief Minister, Chief Secretary and other government officials, there has been no resolution of even 10 centimetres.
Speaking to Rupang News, he said that he received the news since 25-Sept-2
However, when some of his friends expressed their appreciation for his writings, he was encouraged.
In this list, the Andaman and Nicobar Islands scored the highest in terms of human rights while Sikkim came second in terms of overall participation.
The Vice Principal said that it may take up to two months to arrange and provide the requirements within the Institute.
Shillong, November : The Joint Director of Health Services (SS), Shillong, on Tuesday said that no one has come to collect the body of a patient who has passed away. Bulbul Lama is 42 years old.
Everyone feels that the presence of invisible iit iong gives peace of mind to those who travel alone and also keeps the belongings they carry colorful, and we often forget that this is the same The iit iong also hides the robbers and provides shelter for the robbers in these various activities.
Besides, the EC also discussed the bill on MDC pension.
When it is washed with shyiap, it is washed twice and the Sohphlang is cleaned until it is time to take it to the market.
However, this method of rising is more common than the surface of the sea in the tropics near the equator, because it is not heated by the heat of the sun.
“This step taken by the Central Government is to confirm the commitment of the Modi Government to improve the lives of the tribals through various schemes.
Mannan Surana was named Player of the Match for 84 runs and took 10 wickets.
Before the opening ceremony of the festival, it was seen that many of the dignitaries of the country were present inside the venue prepared by the Governor of Meghalaya V. Shanmu Ganathan, MP Lok Sabha from Shillong Constituency. Ma Vincent Pala, Chief Advisor to the State Government, Bah DD Lapang, CEM KHADC Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, EMs, MDCs, officers of the State and Central Governments who were invited. .
Recovery in India, recovery from India is the purpose of the revival of Ayush.
It was only after the formation of the MDA government under the leadership of the NPP that it started to harass and accuse non-government teachers of not being allowed to take part in politics up to the post of Sordar. and the Rangbah Shnong.
Nongstoiñ: Leaders of the Northeast Indigenous People's Forum (NEIPF) on Saturday last month visited Langpih to inquire about the plight of the people.
However, the question arises, whether each of us, who has reached the age of understanding or intelligence, has ever asked why these evil deeds occur in society. which has degraded the rights of mankind and even the morality of dignity which has deteriorated so much that it seems that the law of God or the law of man no longer exists.
“How does Modi know how to run the house? That is why he went to rob the houses of others.
Byrsat said the Association has filed in the Supreme Court on three cases including the ownership of land since the British rule. and to this day, that the forests and the land are the rights of the people.
She said that she had phoned Bah Aibor Tynsong, Secretary of the NPP to select the most needy villages and she immediately phoned Bah Steven Kshiar and finally she was selected. Mawlynnong village residents welcomed the truck with a happy spirit.
He said that the state government should also take action to ensure that the posts in Grade IV in the central government offices will be filled by the indigenous people as is done in other states.
Training for the teaching profession is essential for the improvement of literacy and knowledge.
“But it took time because we want to see whether the HNLC leaders are really willing to talk peace or not. The HNLC wants to be like the ANVC so we have thought carefully about everything to avoid all this.
The reason for the opening of the Step Market from CT Hat to Madan Mawspeng, is after the CT Hat Memorial Market, has become too crowded and it has become difficult to maintain social distancing. from another.
Prof Animesh Mishra, Head Cardiology, Prof Manish Kapoor and Dr Amit Malviya and other staff of the hospital were also present on the occasion.
Those who attended the closing ceremony included Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang as the Chief Guest, Bah Victor Rani, MDC Jirang and other leaders of Byrnihat area.
There have been protests in different parts of the country today against the film Padmaavat.
“To sing “Ri Khasi Ri Khasi, I love you” without unity is useless while the Jaidbynriew is in the middle of the night, he added.
In a statement, the state government said that the demolition of illegal coal mines and other buildings has started since 8th November.
Therefore, these three organizations would like to express their special thanks to the MDA government and also to Bah Sosthenes Sohtun for the various schemes brought to Jirang Constituency for the benefit of the people, he added.
He said that the market has started operating again and he urged all the vendors and buyers to operate as usual. He said that the market has been temporarily suspended since 2020 onwards, due to the outbreak of Covid-1
The union has given until 22nd November to the company to provide all the documents, at the same time to conduct another interview. The company should disseminate the news through the Khasi newspapers in the city so that it reaches everyone, not just to advertise through social media.
Rida also ran away.
It will cause severe losses not only to Meghalaya, but also to more than 19 villages in Assam inhabited by Rabha, Boro and Garo.
On the other hand, the Umjajew Village Authority said that there are people who come to sit in this well at night and damage and pollute the well. this area so that this source of water is not affected.
Meanwhile, Ma Wailadmiki Shylla, NPP candidate and incumbent MLA, will contest his second election.
However, what is most sad is that this Mission/Policy should not be like other documents which are beautiful only on paper but fail to move forward or be implemented as expected.
A song in Garo language was composed specially to commemorate these deceased souls by Bestone D.Momin.
He said that the disease is not difficult to treat and if treated within three months the cows can recover.
Not only that, the gap between the knowledge of how to use digital technologies puts a lot of pressure on those who do not have much knowledge about them.
He said that this year, after the outbreak of Covid-19, the leaders have applied for permission from the government to hold the festival this year. well thought out to manage and ensure that it is safe and secure.
Dr Tanie Natung, Professor and Head of Ophthalmology) received the Sushruta Samman Award.
When I read the article by VPP Leader Dr. Batskhem Myrboh in the newspaper 'Mawphor' on July 2, 2023 and Thomas Passah of KHNAM – Mawphor on July 29, According to the Population Structure, the Garo community has only 30% of the population, while the 40% of the population has been allocated.
In 2019, Ranjit Das and others published an article entitled "The Story of the Lost Twins. two related communities: A study of the Kumhar and Kurcha communities living in India).
Shillong, Naiwieng : The Mylliem Lum Sports Association (MSLA) has concluded the Invitation and U-14 Football Tournament to mark the 10th Anniversary of the MLSA on the 29th of this month at the Umlympung Stadium.
“I know you have achieved a lot very well, but at least in the next festival we will see more unusual films that can overwhelm everyone.
Therefore, I call this appointment of the investigation as a misleading and misleading to the public”.
The theme of this celebration is to celebrate the tradition of walking on the new day.
People, especially school children, who want to go swimming to escape the heat of the sun, go to this river which is located in dangerous places because they don't know the strength of the storm. of the water in which this has caused them to lose their lives.
These two men pretended to have received permission.
“This festival will allow the future generations to learn more about their culture which they have forgotten with the introduction of Western technology and the Internet,” said Anatonio.
Jowai, Nailar 25: The All Jaintia Mid Day Meal Workers Union, Jowai today protested against the government's lack of attention to the demands of the school children. For about 20 years now, they have unanimously decided to hold a strong protest on the 29th of this month (Monday) in Shillong.
Therefore Jesus said to the Father in heaven, “Behold, I have come to do your will.
“The house where I arrived was a little different from the one I went to in the morning and the body was covered with scars.
They don't have that long-term thinking to lose before they get back (no risk no gain).
This came after they beat the Netherlands by 160 runs in the match played in Bengaluru on Sunday.
The original homeland of these Tibeto-Burman speakers is Western China and from there they entered India and Burma.
More than 350 wrestlers will compete in 13 weight categories and the tournament will be held at SAI Indoor Stadium, NEHU from 25th November to 1st November. .
At the same time, this tournament also shows how much Meghalaya, as one of the sports loving states, has been able to showcase to the North East to host such tournaments.
Nongstoin, 01 July: The lack of electricity supply in the rural villages on the border with Assam, has caused a serious problem, as many of the needs and methods of operation have been destroyed. The use of modern equipment which has to be operated through electricity and this problem has been faced not only by the residents but also by various government departments. To recharge the battery of the mobile phone, they have to travel to Assam.
He said that the border residents have been facing problems from time to time and they will soon meet with the Minister in charge of the border areas to explain. , these problems and that he will take immediate action to do something about them.
“I have received information that during the lockdown, people are locked up but only the coal which has not been locked down is going fast,” said Lanong.
It is also here that we confess our sins and forgetfulness in our human deeds, to escape from the 'Ka Phai lyndet' of U Long Blei.
Sangma said the NPP has never had an agreement with any party in the elections and said the party will contest the dorbar elections on its own. states, which will soon be held in Odisha and Chhattisgarh.
After the opening of the Dam, sidewalks will be installed from one side to the other of the bridge, which will allow small vehicles (not exceeding 4 Metric Ton) and vehicles. and the sick also.
In the North East, former Assam Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal has been sworn in as a Cabinet Minister.
It is shameful to see such incidents all over the world, until even the sohmoh, which are covered with garbage, show their strength and the government authorities cannot stop them.
Shillong, March 07: U Bah John Antonios Lyngdoh, alias Bah Dip, former MLA, today joined the Congress along with hundreds of his followers.
“Many of the works I have done as MLA of Pynursla in the past 20 years and it is the works I have done will be the reason why the people of the area will give me back this responsibility. “There is no doubt that I will win and the victory will be by a majority of thousands of votes for the second candidate,” said Prestone.
Chongri Rymbai, President of the VO Cooperation, said that the planting project was initiated by the BDO Thadlaskein, Kong Baiantimon Blah.
Pangñiang said that his meeting on that day was only for the office bearers and members of the polling stations in Mawlieh zone like Shitangbah, Domsohksoiñ, Mawphushin and Mawlieh. There are also many who have joined the party and who are ready to take over as office bearers, in order to strengthen the party before the polling day.
This is in line with the National Wildlife Action Plan (2017 to 2031) of India which contains activities for the conservation of bird species and their habitats.
They said that if the signboard is allowed as the government has planned, it will reach the village center in Lyngkhat, Pyrdiwah, Iarbamon, Kongwang, Umsyiem and others.
The important thing is that parents should teach and advise their children from an early age on the dangers of alcohol.
He said that all the teachers are hopeful that the government will do what is right in this regard.
The purpose of the Football Academy, as expressed by the school authorities, is to encourage the students not only to learn, but also to develop their children. For this reason, the school has opened this Football Academy inside the school.
The Leaders of the Opposition in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on November 21, 2013, said that the committee elected to review the Khasi Inheritance of Property Bill, 2021.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday submitted a petition to the Minister in charge of Legal Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh to demand that the state government should resolve the issue. Many delays in the implementation of the Roster System for the recruitment of jobs in various departments of the State Government through the Reservation Policy.
To this day man, born of woman, is short-lived and dies.
It is better that you pass a law on the land because as it is now, it has been taken over by foreign companies, the Army, and the Central Departments. interests of other nations through our land.
He said that now that the elections are approaching, various issues have arisen on social media ranging from the allegation that there are high level officials to the allegation that it is Bah Prestone Conrad who has taken over. coal.
Shlurbor K Shilot scored the first goal for Mawsawrit in the 61st minute and Romidasing Nongrum scored the second goal for Mawsawrit. Mawsawrit SC beat Phanniewlah Rum 3-0 in the second and third places.
Manipur scored 126 runs but Meghalaya struggled to score 92/7 with 34 runs left.
Referring to the problems faced by the residents of Upper Shillong due to the MUDA border crossing, Gilbert said that from Lummawbah, Lawsohtun, Umlyngka, 4 miles, 5 miles, Mawklot and so on to Nongpyiur. and the multitude was amazed.
