The incident happened at a time when the NGT has banned the illegal mining and quarrying of coal in Meghalaya since 17th June
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 20: The Youth Wing of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency on Saturday held a meeting to strengthen the party for the upcoming elections. The meeting was held at Raidmynsaw Upper & Secondary School in Langpih, where people from different villages of the area attended the meeting.
He said that the deterioration of the road has caused problems to the people and especially to those who are in a hurry and who are seriously ill.
For the smooth running of the Lok Sabha MP elections 2024 and to relieve traffic jam in the Polo area for vehicles coming to install EVMs after the polling day, the office of The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District has arranged the traffic rules from 5:30 pm on the 19th of this month.
The BJP has vowed to go to court or to tied a petition to the central government to stop the payment of transportation fees to the state government if it does not do anything about the increase in the price of rice. concrete.
Kharjarin said the UDP, which has joined hands with the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HDPP), won the most votes in the last Lok Sabha elections in Khasi Hills.
Tens of thousands of members of the KJP Synod Mihngi from all over the churches in Khasi and Jaintia Hills including those from Assam, have attended the youth service of the KJP Synod Mihngi which started on the 3rd and ended on the 3rd of this month. meat day U Blei.
Please shisha because you are still happy.
UK authorities have said that a 28-year-old man who killed his wife and dismembered her has been raping and assaulting others. He had relationships with women in 2013, 2016 and
“I don't want to say anything else because I have already returned the demand of Rs 1 crore to the MLA through an advocate, and now it is in the way of the law, the law will explain better and I want to say that The MLA of Nongstoin should clarify that he should not just send his supporters as knives,” said F.Marngar.
He said the government has approved mining companies like Lafarge and others related to mining.
In Japan and America these trees bloom in October while in the Khasi Hills they bloom in the month of April and last until the end of November, depending on the weather conditions. it is related to the slow or early blooming of the flowers.
While the 6 candidates who are contesting, are firmly in hope and nervousness, how will it go, the 15 lakh voters are more The three candidates are Ampareen Lyngdoh (NPP), Vincent Pala (Congress) and Dr Ricky Syngkon (VPP).
The meeting will be held at Tirot Singh Memorial Hall, Pyndengum, Mairang at 11 am.
Shillong: On the evening of 28th July 2023, after an investigation into the theft of money from ATMs, which happened during power outages, many cases have been lodged and registered in many cases. Rynjah police station case number 48(4)2023U/S457/380/427IPC,Case number 54(4)2023U/S457/380/427IPC,Case number 75(6)2023U/S420/448388 Case number 81(6)2023U/S457/380/427IPC, at Madanryting police station under case number 60(6)2023U/S427/380/IPCR/Wsec3(2)and PPDP Act,Case number 61(6)2023U/S427 /380IPCR/Wsec3(2)and PPDP Act.
In another match between Tura DCA and North Garo Hills DCA in Zone 2, the match was stopped at Salpara, Mendipathar without a goal.
The band would like to thank Snarwell Diengdoh (Executive Producer), Planningstar Lyngdoh, Barimore Khongkrom, Banshanlang Nongrum, Batkupar Khongmalai, Tyngshaiñ Khriam, Hima Diengdoh, Brilliancy Suting, Bashisha Mawlong, Bettera Lyngdoh, Embraph Mawcestar. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the safety audit conducted in 2022 has not yet resolved the issue of the Umiam Bridge.
A Vietnamese citizen in Australia, who was arrested in 2019 on charges of involvement in violence and terrorism, has been released from prison and returned home. to his home in Sydney to continue his life as a civilian.
The bus was stopped at Simdi, Dhumakote police station in Pauri district.
There are many ANMs who have gone to study at Ganeshdas School of Nursing, Rongkhon School of Nursing, Tura West Garo Hills, which have been recognized by the Indian Nursing Council but they feel that the government has not responded to them. that she has admitted that she is implementing new methods to send for examinations like others who do not study from the government.
On Tuesday, Pirzada posted a picture of herself on Twitter wearing a suicide jacket and warned Modi and said, "#ModiHitler i just wish huh.
Therefore, the Ukrainian defense forces are under a lot of pressure inside the city.
This is the house where Helina Sumer lives.
CD Lyngwa Director Social Welfare Department in her speech said that through the staff of this Halfway Home who have chosen this job it will be a blessing for those who need assistance from this place.
On Tuesday, Bah Disparsing Rani informed the public that there are still 290 vacant posts in various departments of the State Government which have been found through the RTI reply received recently.
This is the most important need that we as a nation have forgotten and turned away until now until the thousands of children of the nation have lived in the air without knowing their own identity. or the root.
““1.
" Lydia added.
Sadly, the natural resources of this area such as petrol, gas, precious stones and others have reached the Chinese states and have been exploited by foreigners. , not the owner of the country.
“Patharkhmah has been one of the farthest areas to reach Nongpoh in terms of various government works related to public works and if the Civil Sub Division is brought in it will be “It is a great benefit to the people in terms of public services through various government departments,” said the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma.
“If the people allow me again this time, I will work hard to bring the CHC to Mawthadraishan Block,” he said.
The acceptance of this has led the countries of the world to respect human rights.
At 8 pm, police have seized a Tourist Sumo (ML 05-S-6642) and arrested a suspected drug smuggler. Anup Sen, resident of Shillong; Two boxes of heroin along with T.10880 cash, a mobile phone and an EPIC Card were recovered from the suspect, police said. you are Bhoi.
“We strongly urge the Government of Meghalaya to take action to arrest and punish the invaders, to arrest immediately these people who have taken the law into their own hands and to take action to release them immediately. Michael Warjri, whom we have learned has been arrested and is in Assam Jail,” said Kharshiing.
Earlier in the match, Wapungskur SWO beat Musniang DKSC ​​1-1
Tomorrow, it's a new game and we're taking this game very seriously".
Speaking to media after the meeting, the two Chief Ministers also promised that the demarcation in Ba Ar will be according to the decision and approval of the people as discussed from the beginning. Regional Committees will soon be set up to be headed by the Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam and before the demarcation of the border, they will also visit these areas to meet with the people. to consult them and to get their approval.
He also informed that the speakers will be at 10:30 AM Rev. RR Rapsang, 1:30 PM Rev. HK Nongbsap and at 6 pm. :30 PM Rev.LC Thangkhiew.
The Union has urged the CEM to immediately address this discrimination by fully implementing the Lineage Act,
Shillong, Naitung 7: The mother of Victoria Kharkongor, Berlin Kharkongor, has expressed her surprise at the place where police have admitted that her daughter committed suicide because of the place in the toilet. thanad as long as the body of my son.
He said the government will select an officer to take over the post of DGP on the basis of seniority.
Raising a Point of Order at the end of the Budget Session, Congress MLA Umsning Dr Celestine Lyngdoh said that the statement by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, who is also in charge of the Budget, The voting on Demand for Grant on Thursday is for the Supplementary Demand, which is wrong as the Supplementary Demand has been held since 21st June.
In Gen. 1:27, God created men and women at the same time and from the same dust.
He said that this special clinic is for newborn babies who have stem disease, crying and other diseases.
According to one of the leaders of the market vendors in Khyndailad, Chirup Warbah, government officials through the Municipal Department used to come to close down their marketplaces, while they did not do anything to others. that shops outside the state that sell illegally in shi lynter that rud road.
Members of KSU Nehu Unit, Members of KSU Nehu Unit and Members of the Executive Committee of Mawlai Circle attended the event. Mawlai Circle under the leadership of the President of the Seng.
The project was implemented in accordance with the Action Plan for Introduction in India and a Steering Committee comprising experts/officers involved in the reintroduction of tigers in Sariska and Panna Tiger Reserves, this project.
In the past decade, this factory has employed hundreds of Sohra residents as well as foreigners.
Speaking on the occasion, Ms E Shongwan said that such programs are necessary for women to know their right to live, because they did not come to be slaves but Women have a role to play especially as mothers who raise and raise their children.
The program was conducted by the General Secretary of KSU Dehradun Samla Kampher Mylliemngap and the welcome speech was delivered by the President of KSU Dehradun Samla Edwinson Nongbri. He also explained the purpose of the school and welcomed especially the new students who come to study in the city.
Your jar-jar rules.
In a statement, Baitlang Pohsngap President JPMF said that the JPMF will meet on that day to discuss the issue of division of constituencies by the JHADC. The MDC elections will be held in four months.
The meeting discussed the progress of the amendment of the 6th Schedule, also discussed the issues that have been discussed earlier and the group has recommended to the MHA to include the sections. who need.
“There will always be events here and there.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 09: U Bah Manstudy Nongrem, General Secretary of the Bharat Janata Party (BJP) from Ranikor Constituency today wanted to clarify some of the important issues that the people of Ranikor Constituency. Ranikor Constituency should know and support Bah Martin M. Danggo, the BJP candidate from 35th Ranikor Constituency in the MLA Election 2023 to be held on 27th June,
The teams that have qualified for the quarter finals of the tournament are West Jaintia Police, Para SC, Ar Daloi FC, Border Area VFT, Tyllilang VFT and 12 Daloi FC. Even today, it cannot be said that it is still a nation that knows man and knows God and holds the right to justice in society or in the family.
In East Garo Hills, there are 2 cases, in East Jaintia Hills 8 cases, in Lakadong Ummat Cluster 4 cases.
Thus, if Biden wins this election, he will be the second Catholic to become President of the United States, after John F. Kennedy.
In his welcome speech to the journalists, the Governor urged them to bring peace and also for the sake of development.
They have informed me and they will invite other leaders.
Their standard of living, their dress and grooming are not very high, but their character, their selfishness reflects their humanity.
The people of Palestine in the first century found life difficult and suffering, the Jews found themselves under the rule of Roman Caesars and Kings, Basans, Nobles, Priests, The Pharisees, Sadducees, scribes, and scribes of the Jews sold themselves and their souls to the Caesars of the Roman Empire.
Speaking at the public meeting, Amit Shah said that the North East has changed dramatically compared to what it is now and what it was before
At the same time, the KSU expresses its gratitude to the district authorities for taking the initiative to call for talks with the BSF and hopes that it will be successful, and the KSU will continue to monitor this issue in the coming days.
Then there are the B-2 bombers, located in Missouri, which can drop bombs anywhere in the world, once from the United States.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: U Advisor to the Government of Meghalaya, Bah DD Lapang has urged the former CEM of KHADC Bah Adelbert Nongrum to stop the strike as the government has taken action to pass the Village Administration Bill. , in 2014.
“The proposal for amendment is to remove the rules for the appointment of Judicial Officers by the commission and after the introduction of the amendment, the appointment will be by the Meghalaya High Court.
After the village seized the vehicle, the Barato village authorities immediately informed the Addl SP Bah CSyrti, the OC of Nartiang Police Outpost and the BDO. Laskeiñ Block who came immediately to hold the meeting.
The source of drug production is from Pakistan,” the source said.
“I used to be the PP Leader of the Congress, after being suspended I want to understand the opinion of my fellow MDCs in the PDF, whether they trust me as an MDC to lead the EC. “They still have confidence, and so far the strength of the PDF is 21 out of 23,” he said.
Nongstoiñ, March 3: Mawthadraishan Mountain is the highest mountain in West Khasi Hills and from the top to the bottom of the mountain, it is filled with ponds and wells that have not been dry for 10 years. it is in the rainy or dry season.
Speaking on the occasion, Goyal said that the worst affected areas are in East Khasi Hills, Ri-Bhoi, Eastern West Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills and others. workers worked hard, it could be repaired.
“We have asked MeECL for clarification why the electricity bill has increased so much especially in the rural areas even though there is more electricity than burning,” said Bah Chyne.
On the other hand, he said that he is still with the party and will continue to work to strengthen it from time to time.
The Pasteur Institute, Shillong was established by the British Government during the reign of King Edward VII with the contribution of the people during the British rule of Bengal and Assam.
This command of Kni shocked the pyrsa and he asked several questions.
In Ribhoi District, 41 cases have been confirmed, in West Garo Hills, 16 cases and others.
The two KSU leaders who were released from jail are Johny Sohkhlet and Readytonstone Nongrum.
Imphal: An indefinite curfew has been imposed in Imphal West and East Districts today as the protests against the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2016 (CAB) continue. .
There are about 80 land owners who have land for the construction of the Shillong Western Bypass Road in Ri Bhoi District. East Khasi Hills district.
Any Budget (revenue and expenditure) whether in the States or Parliament should be explained in detail so that the people can understand how much the Government intends to spend in any Department and how much it intends to spend in any Department. whether the allocation meets the needs of the Department or Government Department.
Of these, 6 households stole electricity after not paying electricity bill, 5 households stole electricity by installing wires on MePDCL signs, 13 households stole electricity by driving. “These households have been fined from T.1386.00 to T.40080.00 each.
Everyone in the world will be using the money he made.
However, if there are books inside the house, it shows the mind and character of a person.
It is also surprising that Dr Mukul Sangma has not said anything on such issues within his party, which may be due to lack of power or cooperation with the higher authorities.
The PFR Football Academy, after many times, has been able to pass the ball, which has upset the defenders of Global FC who did not allow to stop the PFR from scoring. Global's corner and with a lot of effort to score, finally got the first chance after Fairming scored the first goal.
In a statement, Rev JM Nongpluh, who conducted the meeting, said that the marriages were recognized by the Pastors, who are the Marriage License Holders and there was no marriage license between the church. and recognize me.
The Legal Rights Observatory (LRO) on Twitter has accused the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) of being involved in the attack on Mahadev Khola on Monday.
Shillong, July 29: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh has convened a meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs of Shillong West Constituency to discuss the issue of lack of proper electricity and cards. Rations.
Therefore, the Seng clarifies that the land vendors did not block the road, but gave a hand of assistance, and the Seng is ready to cooperate with the District authorities and Government to build and implement the Shillong is a peaceful and respectful city.
Therefore, the relatives of these deceased are urged to call these numbers for the identification and collection of the bodies.
“Ngat Bih” or “Ai Kynbad” from Sha and Ja Khasi shops! Recently, there was a news about the food poisoning at a foreign restaurant in Khyndailad. The Khasi family became ill after eating.
Therefore, it is very important now to end any conflict, as it is very important for the country's athletics team to prepare well for the participation in the Asian Games this year. in Hangzhou.
The imprisonment inside the house has increased the anger of Rida's soul.
I trust in you with all my heart.
If the Election Department really means cleanliness, why doesn't it raise awareness on this issue? Bun kiban wan ai witness.
It may be recalled that during the visit to the KHADC, they shouted and carried slogans against the Acting Sordar of Mylliem and Bah Pyniaid S Syiem.
Shillong: U Draison Kharshiing has joined the BJP, according to media reports.
Those who wish to participate can register for this trial or call 7005675177.
On the 6th of this month, the TMC has announced Dr. Mukul Sangma as its candidate from Tikrikilla and his visit to this constituency has stirred up many residents.
“This method of turning off the electricity is like usual and in the morning the electricity is sufficient and there is no outage, but as soon as it gets dark the electricity goes out more and more which has disrupted all the work,” said Juhhi Tariang. When the electricity goes out, the phone signal is lost and they don't have the opportunity to view even from their mobile.
Other injured were Phidolith Dkhar (49) of Iongkaluh, who was shot in the leg, Ruson Ryngkhlem, 13, of Wapungskur, who was shot in the right hand. (27), Rashiba Siangshai (27) of Wapungskur, shot in the right leg, Pyndap Phawa (24) of Wapungskur, shot in the leg and Richmon Siangshai (14) of Wapungskur. They are being treated at the District Civil Hospital, Ialong.
We believe that the greatest responsibility of any college, both management and staff, is for the welfare of the students, because the children are the character and welfare of anywhere else.
Flags will not be allowed on the sidewalks, or on sidewalks.
Shillong, Nailar 8: The Confederation of Ri-Bhoi People (CoRP) has vowed to hold mass protests and raise flags in front of the KHADC office to protest against the silence of the KHADC authorities. ) Eastern Zone has alleged that Umroi MLA Ngaitlang Dhar has misused public money for the MLA Scheme.
Debasmita Dutta, who is also the captain of Meghalaya, took two wickets for 22 runs while Riticia Nongbet, Sejal Raut and Ajima Sangma took 10 wickets each.
Nongpoh: The residents of Mawlong village, Umden area in Ri Bhoi district, have been able to open a Thainjain House in Mawlong village, Umden area of ​​Ri Bhoi district. The project was funded by HDCF Bank at a cost of T.7 lakh.
Verma was once a close associate of the SP but disappeared after the emergence of Amar Singh.
Shillong: The DHS(MI) of Meghalaya, Dr Aman War, today said that one person has died of coronavirus, bringing the total number of deaths to
Furthermore, the coal owners and land owners, who were very angry, asked on what basis the KSU has come to expel these foreigners without any prior notice to them. The union has already given 10 days to the owners and landlords to expel the foreigners who have come to work without documents as it has appeared in the newspapers. 10 is over and it's too late.
The team has been placed in Group B along with Kerala Blasters FC, North-East United FC and Jamshedpur FC. against Namdhari on 23rd November in the I-League.
Chennaiyin's Bedashwor Singh scored the winning goal in the 68th minute.
In the Under-15 Boys (Single), Lechan Suchiang won by 21/15 and Salonbhami Suchiang by 21/1
Life has become expensive and living has become very expensive.
Prestone Tynsong said that so far 3354 people have been tested and 3091 people have been negative and about 250 people have not received their results.
There are 72 cases in East Khasi Hills, 19 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 10 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 6 cases in West Garo Hills, 2 cases in West Garo Hills and 19 cases in South West Garo. There is one in the Hills and one in the South West Khasi Hills.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh congratulated the Dorbar Shnong Laitlum for taking this initiative and also to all those who have taken part in the successful implementation of this programme.
The reason is because God has spoken.
In the past, the residents of Umkiang used to live on the Lukha River, but since the arrival of the factories, the Lukha River has died.
The incident occurred at about 1.30 pm when no one was at home.
The program will run from 5th to 17th June
Regarding the deterioration of the road, Bah Tynsong, who is also in charge of the PWD (Roads) department, said, “I have directed the Commissioner & Secretary, the Secretary and the Chief Engineers of PWD to start for the time is at hand.
“In the Executive Committee before the elections, President Ardent Basaiawmoit said that if the party does not win three out of six seats, he will resign.
And I believe it is the best decision than what they have within the UDP which is an undemocratic party.
Based on two stories, the story of Daiñthlen and Noh Ka Likai, these stories have a connection with Rangjyrteh. it was a long time ago.
“We also want other MLAs to join our party,” he said.
The rally was attended by retired soldiers, wives of deceased soldiers and Unit Run Canteen Counter, Medical Camp and Grievance Cells under the Ex-Servicemen Contributory Health Scheme ( ECHS), ZSB and ICICI. Furthermore, the rally also discussed the issue of pension and SPARSH (Raksha). ECHS, AWES and on other areas.
In the 60-69 10K category, James Tamang of Meghalaya came first, Uday Rai second and Arabinda Deka third.
The Bill also led to a public meeting at Polo Ground in Shillong which was attended by thousands of people and which prompted the Rangbah Shnongs to form the Union of Ki The KHADC has appealed to the Supreme Court to suspend the decision of the High Court after the High Court of Meghalaya has overturned the powers of Rangbah Shnong.
“We are very concerned about the border, because this work is slow, we don't have a proper border, the people living on the border don't have peace,” said Hamletson.
And the faith which is through him has given him this perfect soundness in the presence of you all.” Acts 3:1-1
The nine villages are Nongrim Hills, Pohkseh, Nongrah, Nongmensong, Lapalang, Riat Laban and Wahdienglieng. to enforce the law to prevent illegal entry and illegal workers who may enter and stay in different villages.
They said that the Jio network has been too slow these days and has affected their work as almost all the residents in the area use Jio.
Government officials said that most of these tourists were visiting Lachung and Lachen.
Only ambulances, school children and small vehicles were allowed.
Nongstoin, June 14: U MLA/MDC of Rambrai, Bah KP Pangniang today inaugurated the new school building of Saitsohphlang Public L.P.School Nongspung in the presence of MDC of Nongstoin, Bah LG Nongsiej. V.Swer BDO Nongstoin Block, B.Nongsiej Sordar Village Nongspung, members of the MC, teachers, parents of school children and others.
Alcohol, money and other drugs are bad things that some candidates use to threaten and attack people who do not support them.
He said this will ensure that the students will be able to continue their studies without any interruption.
The fighting with Hamas in Gaza spread to the West Bank on Tuesday night, with hundreds of people taking to the streets to throw stones and other clashes. Israel had to shoot and kill 11 rebels.
In the first leg of the 2013 FIFA World Cup, Lumshynngan SC beat Moolasngi SC 2-0 on Tuesday. The goals were scored by Ferdinand Dkhar. (55) and the Golden Ring (57).
He said that as a minister he has to do his job and there is no personal enmity towards anyone.
“The union has expressed its regret over the delay of the state government in taking any decision on this issue despite the fact that many people have requested to start the international trade from Dawki. and from other border areas of Khasi and Jaintia.
Other leaders from Nagaland and Manipur also came to campaign for Clement G Momin at the rally in Ampati.
Speech was also delivered by the General Secretary of KHNAM, Bah Batkupar Wahlang who urged the youth to refrain from living in idle jobs but to stand up and fight so that other ethnic groups will not be able to do anything.
The quiz competition has been conducted online since
He said that so far there have been no talks with the parties within the MDA, but the talks will be held at the upcoming meeting.
In recent days, the navy involved in the operation has claimed to have recovered the remains of the people inside who are suspected to have been buried in the area.
Fire brigade vehicles rushed to the scene to clean up the fire by spraying water along the road.
“Our struggle now is not between the Khasi and Garo but between the people of the state against the government and this policy,” said Bah Ardent.
In this regard, the JTTA has requested the Jowai Union of Waheh Shnongs to convene a meeting on the issuance of NOCs to foreigners. bar state in Jaintia Hills.
After about fifty minutes he saw Riia coming from the Center Point.
Another request from the government is to those who are over the age of 18 years to take precautionary measures and also to those under 18 years of age to take vaccination to protect themselves and their relatives.
In addition, the KJPA urges the government authorities to expedite the investigation so that those involved can be punished according to the rules of law and to bring about a proper settlement in the border areas. the bloodshed from time to time.
He said that since the NGT banned coal mining in the state in 2014-15, the deficit has increased to 3.89 percent but the government has been able to curb this deficit.
“It is better for the government to base the ANVC(B) in Garo Hills because it is from Garo Garo,” he said.
Speaking to media, Bah Damian Umdor, President of AHOR, said that at the beginning of the race, there were participants from the state and other states of the Eastern Region. Up to 60 people have taken part in the festival. The festival has been attended by 60 people.
Chinese Badminton Association (BAC) chief executive Zhang Jun recently said that one of the goals of the Chinese Badminton team in the upcoming Sudirman Cup is to The team will once again fight to defend and fight hard to retain the trophy that the team has already won from the tournament.
Peter JL Lawai also expressed the concern of the people to pay the bill light and urged the government authorities to take action on this and demanded that the government through the electricity department should not charge too much. There is no bording if the residents are slow to pay during the lockdown.
East Khasi Hills has 132 cases and West Jaintia Hills has 53 cases.
The march started from Mawlangsu Market and ended with loud slogans such as “We demand justice and we should not grant bail to the thief and imprison him for life”. The rally was held at the top of the market which was also the venue of the meeting.
He said that due to the lack of water supply and the lack of pumps to supply water to the village, many of the villagers have to rely on the Umshing River for drinking water and clean water. “The discharge of waste from these two places can endanger the health of the water consumers as the waste from these places is mixed with chemicals,” he said.
The rainfall will continue from 6th to 8th January and the heaviest rainfall will fall on 9th and 10th January.
All wholesale and retail shops, including bars, canteens and others, have been directed to close on these days.
The INC, which used to win well, is now short of breath.
At the beginning of the fourth quarter, the national team had been chasing after three goals after not being able to score any goals, but the team had managed to score. The team continued to score goals which kept the team in the game until the last seconds of the game.
“When asked, she said, “Before deciding to join any party, I have decided and consulted with my people.
Today, Sohmynting will play against Wahiajer at 12 noon.
“The party is ready to punish them according to the rules of the party.
“The speech of the Minister of Education in the House is not clear and we feel that the teachers who have been in service should not fight for the TET,” he said.
On the same day, awards were also distributed to all the students who have achieved excellence in their studies who live in Barak Valley and who have come to study in Silshar.
“Why do you say mawsawa, father?” asked the mother. “Judging by everything, I think I am not wrong in this country of ours,” he said. The decision of his mother and father to release him pleased Hiram.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 26: Only a few days have passed since the month of October and the drought and heat will be severe and it is in the month of October that the people of each village are facing shortages. doesn't.
“My intention is to use the opportunity given to me by the party to move forward with the power given to me by the people.
In the Sub Junior Boys, Given Samson Lyngdoh came first and Mebandonlang Umsong came sixth.
The incident occurred at about 2 pm on Sunday.
Due to the curfew, children and students are currently in need of food and drink because they don't have enough money and also because they don't have the opportunity to return to their villages.
The remaining body of the child, after the post mortem, was buried on the 10th June 2024, at the place allocated by the Dorbar Shnong at Lumshyiap.
The price of diesel also rose to T.63.38 per liter and in Kolkata, Mumbai and Chennai, the price of diesel is now T.66.04, T.67.50 and T.66.84 per litre.
Samla Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh President HYC WKHD has sworn in the members of the HYC Mawdiangsnam Unit and urged the HYC troops to be ready as this is a difficult place where they will face many difficulties.
The group demanded T.5 lakh for his release, Singh said.
Officials of these organizations said that after seeing the smuggling of the equipment of MCH Hospital Nongstoiñ to Mawkyrwat, they went to inspect for themselves and found that the All the equipment used in the hospital was not available.
He said that the Government's violations of the rights of the people show that it does not know how to stop such minor incidents which can cause twice as many fires.
At 6 pm, which was also the last night of the service, Rev.K Nongpluh gave a sermon from the Word of God based on the Gospel of Matthew, 4:1-11, in which Jesus tell Satan that he should worship and serve him alone.
The old preacher cried out from the pulpit, “God no longer kills people for lying, as he used to do in the old days.
The JSU from time to time has urged and demanded that the government should also take action to improve and provide for the needs of the athletes of the state as they are the ones who bring the name. and respect for the State.
Speaking on this verse and the facts, Pro Pastor said that Daniel is a clear example that as young Christians we should follow.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong FC beat Nangkiew Irat FC 1-2 in the first leg of the Shillong Premier League on Saturday.
The long-awaited completion of the Laitumkhrah Market under the Smart City project is scheduled to be completed by June
“If I want to stand but the people don't want me, I am ready to sit down,” said Bah Sound.
After that, there was another death in East Jaintia Hills on the 13th in which four people lost their lives, but the government has not blamed anything, and the talk is that it happened immediately in the country. Lum Garo on the 16th of this month where five people were killed, just hours after the incident, the government has announced T.4 lakh to the relatives of those victims.
The government's treatment of teachers/staff in these schools/colleges has happened from time to time.
About 45 police officers were injured in the protests, in which 577 vehicles were burnt down and 74 houses were burnt down. 871 such incidents have been reported in Paris in the past four days.
There was also a meeting of the leaders in the 14th Chamber of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly on 8th October 1978 in the presence of the Church Leaders, Rev. Fr.Sngi Lyngdoh and Rev. W.Manners, who act as overseers on behalf of the people and who also give words of encouragement and prayer for the good of the work.
(MM Thaiang]Jowai: Since the establishment of the Diocese of Jowai in 2006, the parishioners of the Diocese have been celebrating the Diocese's Anniversary Day once a year.
Earlier, Nitish said, “I have promoted Kushwaha to MLA but he has left the party.
The Congress won 114 constituencies in the 2018 Assembly elections and formed the government.
He explained that if the people send their writings, the writings will reach the committee in charge of the matter, and the members of the committee will be the members of the District Coordination Committee. “It's a message to the group that the officers in charge of those departments should take immediate action and report to the DC that they have done that,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, CEM of KHADC, Bah Titostarwell Chyne, said that they have received a letter on 9th November 2020 from the Transport Department written through the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, to seek approval from the KHADC in connection with the railway line at Byrnihat.
He also recalled the words of Mahatma Gandhi, “Nature has all these things to provide for man according to his needs, but it cannot fill man's needs. ".
During the inspection, it was found that the headquarters of the department has been in a state of shock, as many parts of the building have been destroyed. When looking at the condition, it is clear that the office building of the department is very old.
In the next match, Dhana SC and Moolamanoh SC drew 1-1
The preparation, the desire to see and see that the state will continue to move forward towards the goal of progress in all kinds of sports has now turned into a shambles, even after seeing and seeing all kinds of expenditure. Meghalaya has dropped thousands of dollars to hold the 3rd North East Games in Nagaland. Tripura, which is at the bottom of the medal table, is just ahead of Tripura.
In this country, there are many traditional skills of the villages, which have the traditional skills of making clothes, making siej, shken, tlieng, household items. HANDICRAFT in English is called HANDICRAFT. While the word HANDICRAFT in Khasi is called THAW KA WET. ai, what is beyond the meeting of the earth and the sky.
In the final match at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Saturday, Demthring took the lead within two minutes through a goal scored by Maidong Mukhim.
“The ruling leaders of the State Government have expressed that they are monitoring the demand for ILP and the question now is, how many years will we monitor, how many years will we wait.
Meghalaya won the title of the tournament in Kalyani in 2018 and now the players of the state will compete as champions with courage despite having little time to play. The AIFF has delayed in announcing the date of the match.
He wrote many books for schools and the public.
Lawei Smit SC scored the second goal in the 43rd minute.
When asked about the Congress, Alexander said the Congress will not come to power in the upcoming elections because there will always be divisions among the political parties.
The name of Pa Togan Sangma has been forever remembered as a hero in Shillong, the capital of Meghalaya, while his name and the names of two heroes from the country have been included. Tirot Singh and King Nongbah.
He also alleged that the VPP has misled the people regarding the assistance from the leaders.
The follow-up meeting was on the implementation of various schemes of the Central Government, which was held after five years.
Allan said his goal is to be in the party in government to open up more opportunities for the people in the private sector and not to expect only in the government.
On the other hand, only two batsmen scored two runs, Carefully Gassah 13 and Riboklang Hynniewta 21 runs.
More than 200 years ago, he came to live only 10 kilometers east of Nohwet.
Furthermore, coal miners who already have an association can set up public amusement parks, children's parks, public parks and many others.
“To conduct such inspections in other districts, I have allocated T.10 crore,” said the CM. Education 2.0 in 2024-25 to provide basic facilities such as electricity, clean drinking water, toilet facilities, and tables and chairs in all government schools with an allocation of up to T.100 crore.
On the next day of Behdieñkhlam, the ceremony started early in the morning with the consecration of the Syiem Aitnar. various people have come to the 'Syiem Aitnar' to perform the ritual at Duwan Kyntang and the religious rule says that from this moment on, no one or any person is allowed to do anything wrong. to the part of King Aitnar.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Thursday sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District to express its deep concern regarding the spread of drugs in the district. and also to take steps to cooperate with the district authorities to fight against this dangerous drink.
Dimapur: The Tsurangkong Naga Youth Front (TRNYF), the most powerful organization in Nagaland, has vowed to take its own decision to protect the Naga border.
He said that the amount of money to be paid to SSA teachers including elementary and secondary under the Samargya Shiksha Abhiyayan (SSA) requires more than T.34 crore per month to pay their salaries. .
Shillong, March 22: After several protests, youths from Upper Shillong have gone to talk to stop the smuggling of oil and shyiap at the Umshyrpi Bridge between the old bridge and the The new bridge, but on the part of the robbers, they didn't believe anything and it was seen that whenever they went to investigate, the talks ended only in the delay in selling them. but they don't.
When I reached Nongpoh, I went downstairs and went to drink inside the shop. As soon as I finished, the daughter of Bah asked me if I had finished drinking. Yes, ooh, you're ready to drink again with us.
The incident occurred at about 3 pm when three students of the school left the classroom to go outside or to clean up but at that time the pyrthat tied jrain and three of them. The students fell unconscious on the ground, while two of them had their hands folded.
He said the meeting was held at Khyndai Lad in the central part of Shillong where people from different constituencies like East Shillong, West Shillong, North Shillong, South Shillong and Nongthymmai attended the meeting. I didn't come to listen to Modi's speech.
Pynshngaiñ said the meeting was against the government's position on these writings.
“Do you want to watch this young man without being able to attend the tournament just because he comes from a poor family?
There has been a stirring up of the party's working methods after Rikman G Momin has elected office bearers who have worked hard to improve the party.
Dr Benjamin Pope of the University of Queensland and his colleagues from the Dutch National Observatory ASTRON have recorded the radio signal and said that the signals came from 19 sources.
France strengthened their position by blocking several goal attempts and ending England's hopes of winning the World Cup.
Prestone Tynsong has expressed his anger against other parties under the banner of the MDA who have been sleeping together for the past five years and blaming only the NPP for any issues in the party. state.
The amendment of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Rule, 2015 has been made in accordance with No.JHADC/TAX/TNT/6/2007/6 and this Act shall come into force within the boundaries of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District. JHADC as a whole.
In the 2018 election, the turnout has reached 87% and if these 300 polling stations can be increased, Bah Frederick hopes that this year there will be more voters. the increase in paid voter turnout to more than 90%.
Shylla said that the office of the Governor has also done wrong by sending the Bills of KHADC to the District Council Affairs Department, because according to Para 3 of the Sixth Scheduled, the Bills have been sent to the District Council Affairs Department. The KHADC should not go directly to the Lat.
She also spoke on the relationship between sports and education, saying that the two go hand in hand to uplift the youth.
The escaped were identified as Roksen Homcha Lowang of Changlang district and Tiptu ​​Kitnya of neighboring Tirap district. /NSCN (K).
I don't like this singer at all because many of the lyrics of his songs are more stupid.
I don't know and I don't understand how much the intellectual power and skills of those foreign students can achieve and free Shillong from this traffic jam which has plagued Shillong for many years without I he was healed.
He said that an Adhoc Committee has been set up in this regard and a Tourism Information Center will be set up where trained tourist guides will be appointed. from the government.
We called those water trucks to bring water but the answer we received was that there was too little water.
Even on these occasions, Ma Kerios Wahalng never forgot to sing and dance in his traditional Khasi tunes.
On this occasion, the parents of these suspects, also spoke at the condolence meeting.
The minister said the case has been filed and the arrested person has to follow the rules of law.
He said that through this march, it is to remind the people to march on this day called by the village authorities.
Ardent said that this statement of the Prime Minister is very shocking, because the same government which said that it will not hesitate to re-appoint those who have retired is the same government which appointed Chairman. , appoint hundreds of consultants and appoint almost every day.
“I also asked them at that time in my sorrow why they didn't investigate and arrest the Bangladeshis who came here from time to time. why didn't you catch them?
On the other hand, u S.Dhar said that most of the time as leaders we cannot recognize our own kurs because of the large number of kurs and also the lack of jobs. you must not reveal yourself.
In a statement, the Lum Jingthang Committee, Joint Secretary, Seng Khasi Kmie, Jaiaw, Laitdom (East), Shillong, congratulates all those who took part in this day. .
During the maintenance of the road, these Sengbhalang together with the village leaders, have filled the areas of the road with stones and soil, as the deterioration of the road has caused serious problems to the people. the residents of many villages who use this road.
He is one of the traders in Mawkyrwat in connection with the Import Export Company of Sohryngkham.
The Islamic State (IS) militant group on Sunday claimed responsibility for an attack in the central Afghan city of Bamiyan that killed three people. Spain has lost its lives in the incident, the Spanish Foreign Ministry said on Thursday.
In the absence of leaders and government who think to implement proper policies, the suffering of the poor continues and will increase with the passing of the days.
“It is my independent authority as CEM to ensure that all ARPA members receive equal shares without discrimination.
She also requested the government to send Bah J Wahlang DSP to accompany her to Jowai and to return home.
Speaking to media, the President of the Association, Bah ED Nongsiang, said that there are about 2000 teachers of Deficit Schools in the State, from Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Hills. retired and those who are waiting to receive a pension from the Government which they have not received yet.
On the other hand, the state government and KHADC have already submitted their replies or affidavits to the court but now the court has not received a clear reply.
Another problem is that many VECs in the area have not been able to provide even the Utilization Certificates to prove the completion of the work they are doing.
Samehi Laloo, President RC-Jowai welcomed the guests.
Two persons were arrested from Wahgate, Jowai and three Gelatine Sticks, 10 bombs and fuse wires were seized from them.
After the investigation, the union said that the foreigner has issued his Adhar Card without any trial. “It is surprising how the district authorities have accepted this foreigner to be an agent for the purpose of getting the Adhar Card,” he added.
There have been rules and regulations that are not marriage and if anyone violates them, the family will not grow but will suffer and this is still happening today”.
But it is true as human beings we can do what is best for our home and family- But still the future is uncertain.
He said that all those shops which have been closed in these days, will not be allowed to reopen if they do not occupy or lease to the Khasi.
Many people were injured in the incident and some were killed.
After the speeches, the synjuk opened a public discussion where the youth were allowed to ask questions and also to give their opinions on the topic or on any areas that the participants wanted to discuss. .
Shillong, June 01 : Municipal elections have not been held in the state for the past 50 years due to strong opposition from all sides.
Rev.H.H.Mohrmen, Coriniki Slong and Somja Phawa, staff of SURE, gave an explanation on the two issues of employment opportunities and the need for cleanliness. Pasqualina Lamare from SURE, welcome speech was delivered by Waheh Chnong Tellmi Phawa and welcome speech was delivered by Lumlang Biam Secretary Synroplang SHG. Sabahmuswang village came to take part in this program and expressed that they have benefited greatly from this programme.
The answer to why they chose this political party and not the others or why they chose 'A' and not 'B' or 'C' is very encouraging.
Acknowledging that the goal of improving health facilities is a priority of this government, the Minister said, “We need to ensure that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare needs to be allocated so that In the future, we will be able to provide better services to the people and in the event of another incident such as the death of COVID-19, the state will be fully prepared.
The public hearing was conducted by Bah Yowanki Pale Rangbah Presbyterian Church who is also the Advisor of the Pommura Youth Association. The 2nd Officer Incharge of Mawryngkneng PS explained in detail about the dangers of alcohol and about the dangers of Hivs/Aids, child marriage and other dangers. Dr Kharduid, Officer, Mawryngkneng PHC. Also present at the meeting was Bah David Nongrum, MLA of the constituency.
He said that the schemes are also taken and implemented by the Assam government and these are the reasons why they went to Assam.
Also present at the swearing-in ceremony were BJP President Amit Shah, Home Minister Rajnath Singh, North East Democratic Alliance Chairman Himanta Biswa Sarma and others.
Thombor Shiwat, CEM-JHADC was the chief guest, Wailadmiki Shylla, MLA Jowai, Doloi of Jowai District Puramon Kynjing, President Seinraij Jowai Or Challam, relatives of (L) Kambel Shullai, others. The meeting was conducted by M Passah, President of Seiñraij Ummulong. The meeting was conducted by M Passah and General Secretary SRJ Ummulong. .
However, the persecution of the people of Jaintia Hills by the British authorities, such as the violation of customs and traditions, the imposition of taxes, the incident at Ialong on Saturday 21st 1860, led to the many to fight against the powers of the British government.
The Principal Secretary said that the availability of oxygen in government and private hospitals is still sufficient.
He said that the owners of the vehicle, first went to investigate from the NHAI revenue gate at Pahammawlein Ri Bhoi District, where they saw through CCTV cameras, that the truck had driven away. They entered Meghalaya through this gate and which led them to search in many places in the state.
Vincent also thanked all those who have taken part in the assistance especially Dr Vijay Kumar D (IAS) Commissioner Secretary Tourism and Sports & Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya. can lead the team to reach this tournament.
Shillong: U Ma Ngaitlang Dhar, the NPP candidate, has been the richest candidate in the upcoming elections.
Besides the Paila Ksiar, there is another knife called MAIDULI KSIR, which is used extensively for religious purposes and Sajer dances in Ri Bhoi.
On the other hand, the President of the KSU said that the Prime Minister has promised to order the Deputy Commissioner to talk to Assam to ensure that the construction of the bridge at Kuliang which has been forcibly suspended by Assam in these months. day, will continue to build.
At this time there were also many rumors spread about this tika, some false and perhaps some true.
Meanwhile, the auto in which she was riding was suddenly stopped by the suspects at 7 pm.
Shah also rejected reports by West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee that the central government would not implement it.
This law shall not apply until it is proclaimed.
They began to slow down and slow down.
After becoming a Canadian citizen, he raised money for these gangs by dealing with drug traffickers across Canada.
Therefore, Bah Andrew hopes that through this competition, which the youth have been able to take part in such a tournament will help to instill in the minds of this spirit of sports.
In the second match, which started at 4:45 pm, Mawkriah West SC beat Diengpasoh SC 1-0 by Lavrence Jeremy Nongbri. He scored the first goal in the 1st minute.
The 11-year-old has become a teacher for BTech and MTech students in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh.
The search for the dead or survivors and injured continues for two days after an earthquake measuring 7.8 on the Richter scale struck parts of the two countries.
There were also three EMs in charge of the Trade Department of KHADC during the tenure of these three CEMs. Neil Antonio War MDC of the BJP who is still in the EC.
Because when a marriage is honorable, it brings honor to the family and honors the Kur and the nation as a whole.
For some reason, St Anthony's College has not been able to do anything regarding the existence of the Alumni Association and it was only recently, since 2005, that it has been able to use this. by the Seng.
His father is a teacher in a government school in the same village.
Since the day of the shooting of these men by the Assam police, the state has been in a mass demonstration in which the political parties have come out to express their condemnation against the assault by the Assam police. paid khappud and on the other hand to demand that the Meghalaya government should not sleep on this issue.
There have been some companies that have come but these companies have not reached the level where we feel they can do the job properly,” he said. that we will close down the company if these two options are exhausted.
The Society has not received any assistance from government departments or any officials to assist in the construction and maintenance of the tourist attraction in the middle of the night.
Tomorrow the match will be between Lumpyrtuh Mihmyntdu and Iawmulong Nartiang.
Meanwhile, the driver of the Mahindra Max, Bah Moonstar Lyngdoh, said that he did not allege that it was the KSU members who came to drop off the passengers from his vehicle at Trongpleng. and know these people.
“The MLA scheme is a scheme that has to be given only to the supporters and because most of the non-supporters come first to apply for the scheme and this is from the policy of the government they do that with the President. The UDP also understands that and this is just politics, 60 MLAs get the same, and we implement it according to the same rules”.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: Four villages in the Ri-War Mihngi have rejected the government's decision to erect a signboard to separate the border between Bangladesh and Bangladesh. India although some of their lands are destroyed.
They also criticized the Municipal for allowing vehicles to park on the road while the vendors are being banned.
Midfielders: Newton Singh, Kangujam Yoihenba Meitei, Levis Zangminlun, Bobby Singh, Abdul Salha, Ngamgouhou Mate, Vishal Yadav, Manbhakupar Malngiang, Md Arbash.
In the 83kg category, Santanu Borthakur came first, Phransngi Kylla came second and Anthony Nongrum came third. In the 95kg category, Karan Singh came first, Hare Krishna came second and Reshab Roy came third. .
In a statement sent by six coal traders including I. Diengngan, Bendrowell Hahshah, S. Marbaniang, K. Sangriang, RD Lyngkhoi and Donkupar Syiem, Some newspapers in these days, on behalf of us the coal traders who live from this coal trade and other coal traders we don't like this allegation against this officer without you can't verify it.
So far, seven candidates have appeared for the election, including Vincent Pala of the Congress, Paul Lyngdoh of the UDP, Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit and Armeringtone Kharshiing. Shillong, October 18: The Minister of Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri, on Tuesday said that the government has requested for land. training of fire police from the central government in the state.
Sanbor said that the Secretary to the State Government, Health and Family Welfare Department, KW Marbaniang has replied to the letter to all the hospitals. Sanbor said that this is a wrong answer as no hospital has a help desk yet.
Josiah Momin scored 28 runs and Kevin Christopher 20 runs.
“What shows that there is a problem is that there are MLAs and government ministers who go to distribute these schemes in areas where it is impossible to cultivate.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong FC will play against East Bengal in the I-League at Salt Lake Stadium at 5 PM today. The match will also be broadcast live on Star Sports 3, Jio TV and Hotstar.
If we don't fight and resolve now, the State will fall into poverty.
Ridamar turned and Niakha got up from her seat and got ready to leave.
The State President of the National People's Party (NPP) who is also the Symbud Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the opposition party led by Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit has been working hard to improve the situation in the country. He also expressed his condolences to the Congress MP Bah Vincent H Pala as he has been trapped in a painful family.
It will be difficult if the lockdown continues without the means to raise funds to pay the salaries of the people who come forward, namely doctors, nurses, police, government employees involved in looking after the the movement of foreigners and others.
Regarding the CUET examination, he said the KSU has demanded that the State Government should ensure that the students from the State should be able to write the examinations at the centers in the State.
At the same time, the Seng urges the Assistant Executive Engineer of the PWD Building, to expedite the new budget proposal for the office building of the Civil Sub-Division Mawshynrut.
Angelina is currently studying at St. Mary's Higher Secondary School, Shillong.
MeECL's school was closed in 85 minutes.
After the meeting, the President, Bah Louis Dohtdong, said that the meeting was held to protest against Shutosh Sangma, who has claimed to be the Rangbah Shnong. to the Garo community and to auction land to other communities, Manipuri, Punjabi and Nepali.
“I have decided to contest the election so that I can serve the people better, because the spirit of serving only as political parties especially the Jirang constituency which borders with Assam has started to be overwhelmed by the “They are foreigners,” said Bah Thongni.
The Jews did not know that their rebuilding of the Third Temple was the end of the things of this present world.
In the resolution of the border crossing in the second phase, unlike the Regional Committee, which was introduced in the past and ignored its recommendations, it was very pleasing to introduce the Regional Committee. MDCs of those areas in dispute with Assam together with Syiems, Basans, Sordars, Rangbah Shnongs, Daloi, land owners and others who have been involved in the management of land , in the Regional Committee of our Government so that the decisions to be taken will be strong enough that the paid citizens will also have a lot of confidence in the decisions.
Speaking at a meeting to seek support for Mawthadraishan MLA, Bah HB Nongsiej, who will also be the party's candidate from Mawthadraishan MLA election 2023, Bah Jambor said that other political parties such as the Most of the HSPDP says it is the party of Maieit Hoping, while the NPP says it is the party of Purno.
On the beautification of Jowai, Ma Wailadmiki said that the State Government has decided to spend up to T.12 crore for the project and the contractor has already started installing the equipment. to start the construction of footpaths, to install solar lights, to improve roads in Jowai and to build an Open Air gym near the DC's quarter in Mynthong.
“In this regard, I urge the MENA region to join India's LiFE initiative,” he said.
Supporters of Auspicious Lyngdoh as PDF candidate for the 2019 MDC election from Mawphlang-Diengiei Constituency Aiborsing Rajee, father of Auspicious Lyngdoh, said at a public meeting today. “I send my son to contest the MDC election 2019 and I bless him as a father and I want him to rise with fame and glory”. , said Mr. Iborsing.
It may be recalled that in recent days, a group of vehicle owners and drivers have expressed their deep concern over the appearance of unknown toll gates along the National Highway. They have also lodged a complaint with the KHADC authorities to take action against them.
Should we elect such people just because they give us money during elections? Shall we sell our own future and that of our children? Think carefully, voters, because you don't have an MLA who will insult you.
“As a result of the discussions, we have agreed to proceed in two phases of the competition.
Those who violate these rules will be punished by the penalty prescribed by the Elaka.
They don't even think about winning or losing in the elections.
These public hearings were held in Shillong, Dimapur, Kohima, Dharmanagar, Passighat and Aizwal JCs.
“The VPP MLAs should look into the application procedures and the Reservation Policy to ensure that they are transparent, fair and effective.
The Law, or covenant, that the Jews made with Yahweh was based on two relationships, love of God and love of fellow humans.
The expression of the runners' experience of this promotional run has encouraged many.
These groups, including the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, emerged this year in collaboration with al Qaeda and other militant groups in Syria and Iraq as well. These groups attacked the prison at Abu Ghraib in Baghdad and another prison about 20 kilometers east of Baghdad.
He said that the residents have tried to clear the water in the middle of the road so that the work can start as soon as possible.
The DG said that T.17 crore has been allocated by the central government and will be released to the State Disaster Relief Fund.
Not only that, it has also supported 33 players who have represented India including the best hockey players like Amit Rohidas, Deep Grace Ekka and the famous runner Dutee Moon.
The department on Saturday celebrated World Veterinary Day and inaugurated the Indo-Dan Multipurpose Hall in Upper Shillong.
Seraph said that in this age, the people need leaders to be law and policy makers and not just leaders who are busy distributing MLA schemes.
If you fine the driver or the owner (failure to maintain Roadworthiness and Passenger worthiness, tire buh tire Pyut).
In another development, the Rambrai Jyrngam Block Congress Committee (RJBCC) on the same day welcomed or admitted two leaders including the Working President of the UDP party. Rambrai, Bormanding Nonglang and Nester Syiemlieh, one of the leaders of the HSPDP party along with 60 followers.
The group has decided to seek information through RTI to find out how far the project has been implemented and how much money has been released or withdrawn by the contractor who has become a politician.
It is witnessed that in this heavy clash between the two cases, a police officer named Kamla Thapa was injured in the clash with the members of the HNYF. Those arrested have raised questions about the early morning raid by the police who were well dressed without bringing any of the village authorities.
On this occasion, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, did not comment.
It was also seen that some of them were throwing their own ngab many times and the others were throwing the ground of the house and some of them were throwing high.
The Khasi Dancing and Singing competition was held after the successful awarding of prizes to 78 winners.
Shillong, June 24: Leaders of KSU Nongshken including Vice President Sambor Marbaniang and General Secretary Borendro Iawram today met with the Engineer of Reliance to complain about the overcharging of electricity supply. network in Nongshken, during the meeting with the Sengbhalang leaders, the Engineer promised to take action to provide electricity this month. Umphniang had to be used in the towers.
Furthermore, in the raid conducted today, the MUDA department has demolished 10 houses including residential buildings and shops illegally built on the land of the North Eastern Electricity Power Corporation. (NEEPCO) under the leadership of Additional District Magistrate Bah Donny M Wahlang, MUDA today raided and demolished the illegal buildings.
The Minister said that all the telecom towers installed in Meghalaya can receive financial assistance from the telecom companies themselves or from the Central Government through the Universal Service Obligation Fund (USOF).
“The court looks at how this Act has been implemented and looks at where there is a shortcoming in that Act.
“After the leaders of these two groups came and met me, I welcomed them to work and support many projects for the constituency and I was filled with enthusiasm. I am very happy and I am sure that your support will be a strength for me and that I will be able to work harder than what I am doing now.
Speaking to media, the President of UHM, Bah Charlie J.Rani said, “We strongly condemn the Assam Police and the Forest Guards who shot dead the residents of UHM. Mukroh village protesters against the attack by the Assam Police on the residents on 22nd November,
The HITO has urged the police to investigate the incident and prosecute according to the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act
“Justice T Vaiphei has done his duty well on this incident and this incident shows that there has been a misuse of police power.
When asked how the UDP blames only the NPP when it has been working in the MDA government for three years, Bah Paul said that in the MDA government, if the UDP leaves or if the The UDP is still in power.
Wah Nangbah Road will be closed for traffic (No Entry) after 3 PM tomorrow.
“The party apologizes to those villages where we have not reached to provide relief and we hope and fight as hard as we can to reach you at another time,” said a statement sent by General Secretary Samla Lurman B Talang. .
The Kiew Pyneh Rngiew is part of the rituals of the people of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum and Hynniaw Wasa, which expresses the spirit of close relationship between mankind and God the Creator, who is like mankind. , immediately he went up on the altar of incense, to thank and bow down to God, to continue to pour out so many blessings, to give you health and strength, to grow stronger and stronger. to work, to earn, to improve the work of the poor, to increase the strength of the shembuit ka shembor together with the growth of the fundamental faith of the Tip Briew, the Tip Blei, to love oneself, to respect others and to stand firm in the foundation of righteousness.
I personally feel that many academicians and principals have suggested that mathematics should no longer be made an optional paper...now it is the “Best of Five” out of 6 subjects.
Council.
The KSU has closed down the bank after the bank failed to implement the demands of the KSU including update machine, ATM machine and other modern requirements to provide services to the people.
As mentioned above, they are satisfied with winning a few seats and being in power, that is enough for them.
“It means that just because the government has called for talks, we will hand over our belongings to go home, but we will wait for the talks because if it doesn't succeed, I will stay again,” he said.
Women were seen lifting their household clothes to avoid the garbage.
Khasi women outside the Khasi-Jaintia Hills are a loss to the nation.
Peter is very smart at watching sports football especially when playing for English clubs.
“We have seen that the MLA of Mawhati has said in the news that if those Tiwa get ST, it will not affect the employment of Hynniewtrep and Garo in the reservation policy. The MLA of Mawhati doesn't know that the rights of the Schedule Tribes don't end with the reservation policy but they can buy land according to the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act. “They will get 44% share in the recruitment in Grade C and D of the Central Government in Meghalaya,” said Hercules Suting, General Secretary, HYC Ribhoi District.
Virat Kohli's cricket career in the current Indian Premier League (IPL) for Royal Challengers Bangalore (RCB) has been successful, especially in his batting. He scored 50 runs to lead the team to victory against Mumbai Indians.
The 7 weeks, Daniel 9:25, ended in 397 B.C.
Of course it would be great if that could be done but there are many challenges to accomplishing that.
According to the survey, the area to be affected from other villages like Mawphu, Nongblai, Nongsteng will be only 13% while Thied-dieng village will be affected. to approximately 93%.
Shillong, July 05 : The Sports Department of the State Government has held a ceremony to congratulate and congratulate the athletes of the State including men and women who will represent their State in the Games. of the 66th National School Games 2023 to be held in Delhi, Bhopal and Gwalior.
In fact, the Supreme Court had postponed the hearing to the 11th but has postponed it to the 15th but has now postponed it to the 18th of this month.
However, they expressed their regret that after one year, Ramesh Dkhar was released on bail.
The word Laimaw means three stones and the word Raimaw means that it was cut in front of the stone.
The President of the MFA, Bah Larsing Ming Sawyan, said that it is important to hold the Golden Baby League in every district of the state.
“The Prime Minister has explained everything to the party leaders before submitting the report to Home Minister Amit Shah.
However, until now, there has been no statement from the government or the ksiang on this.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Sengkmie on the 4th of this month has confirmed and sworn in the office bearers of the Ri War Mihngi Circle at Pynursla Village for the term 2022-2
Croatia qualified for the quarter-finals of the World Cup in Qatar after beating Japan 3-1
Shillong, October 20: The Congress will win from Shillong and Tura Lok Sabha seats in the MP elections to be held on 9th June.
These journalists have witnessed the use of natural resources to dye silk (ryndia).
The opening of the Shilong Bye-pass from Umroi to Mawryngkneng has facilitated the movement of vehicles and trucks and has helped to alleviate the congestion of the Shillong Government.
Jason Lennox Nongrum, said that he and his members were not forced to leave, but the reason was that he was influenced by the leader of the party. On their part, they did not take the decision to leave the party.
In the first match of Group-B, Mawlai's players were able to play strongly from the start and did not allow the opponents to score.
Those who attended the function included the Education Secretary of the KSU, Bah Raymond Kharjana, Bah Damewanhi Rymbai, the candidate for the Assembly election from Khliehriat Constituency, the former President of the KSU. KSU Jaintia Hills Unit, Ohibait Dkhar, General Secretary, Kwilnis Suchiang, Vice President, Satly Ryngkhlem, Finance Secretary, Shaniahskhem Dkhar and Village Leaders from Wapung Shnong and Wapung Skur.
Shillong, July 7: Additional Judge SR Sen today took office as Judge of the High Court.
In East Garo Hills, 4 cases, 9 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 173 cases in East Khasi Hills.
“But when you enter now it feels like entering foreign auditoriums.
This is similar to other states in the North East where according to ISFR-2021, the area of ​​forests and vegetation in the region has decreased by 1,020 square kilometres.
According to the wishes of the Central Government, Meghalaya has been proposed to become a transit point for trucks and railways to transport goods to foreign countries through Sylhet and Dhaka near Meghalaya. strong enough to protect our land, the Traders will make Meghalaya as a trail to international Trade, Now the supply of sugar and onion started already).
Remember that the world and the times themselves change from time to time, not necessarily the same.
“An interview was conducted with him about 7 kilometers inside the park where they found Matcha Nokpante,” the search team told one of the media outlets. .
On October 29, the Inquiry Committee headed by Rtd Justice RN Mishra submitted its report on allegations of corruption and irregularities in the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL).
Only from San mer to Umshyrpi today it took about 10.30 to less than 2 hours to travel.
He said that if the Union of Nongsynshar Shnongs wants to empower them, they should take a decision at the public meeting to be held on the 30th of March where the Rangbah Shnongs should be elected by ballot.
According to reports in July, officials of the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) told the media that the company and its owners had violated the government's rules and would have to pay meet the shamok of the law.
Bryllyenhenry Syiemiong has been appointed as the Acting Syiem of the Hima Langrin to temporarily administer the Khadar Rule within the Hima.
He said that he doesn't have a routine because every day many things change and so he can't set a specific time to read but every day he reads and spends a few hours. in the book.
ASHAs also teach people to live a healthy lifestyle and avoid health habits.
It is a great medicine that can help prevent many diseases.
Ajay Bhushan Pandey, Revenue Secretary to the Government of India, said that from now on, banks and other government departments will have to prepare to use Aadhar, which is currently used as a pan number. sun.
But unfortunately, no one sees that because we are busy only for ourselves.
Shillong, Naiwieng 2: U CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Adelbert Nongrum has appointed another Executive Member (EM) from the HSPDP party to the Executive Committee (EC) this month.
Police have taken the three men to court today and the court has remanded them in Jowai District Jail.
“It is a group of people who are trying to form this party but as I said with the information of the police in time and “They have failed because those who claim to be the leaders have fallen into the hands of the police,” he said.
“The MDA government is the first government to set up committees to consult with all those responsible for the border of the state, before talking to the Chief Minister of Assam. “It's a good idea to discuss this issue,” he said.
Wasa scored the first goal in the 72nd minute.
“We are now ready to change the blackout time and in this regard we have directed the MeECL authorities to review the blackout time.
The leaders of the Seng Samla Umlyngkdait also organized various competitions including Fancy Dress Competition, Dance Competition, Song Competition and others in which the youth took part in these competitions. They also had the opportunity to showcase their talents.
Shillong, November 14: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James Sangma on Tuesday slammed Saket Gokhale, saying that if he is an intelligent person, he should have provided evidence against him. The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) has been accused of corruption against the government but without any facts he has made false allegations just to slander the government.
Eben Warbah won the Best Goal Keeper along with a trophy and a cash prize of Rs 5,0
The girl is from Moolamanoh village and together with her family members on Sunday they went to the place to have fun but she fell into parts of the thwei until she drowned. and after three days of searching for her body, they found it this morning after it had fallen into the water.
Shillong, Jymmang 20 : The State Government has allocated Rs 338 crore for the implementation of Tura Smart Town and Rs 79 crore for Jowai.
Stephan Pale in the 39th minute and Ebanskem Nongtdeh in the 61st minute.
Besides, he said that to improve agriculture, it is necessary to ensure that the distribution of fertilizers will be orderly and participatory to all farmers.
He said that the formation of the party is not for misguidance or selfishness, but for the spirit of fighting for the nation. days to end those bloodshed and to live well in society and to reach the goal in another way.
The Union also urged all the Dorbar Shnongs in Jaintia Hills to become Dorbars which will govern their people by teaching and teaching them with love, friendship and understanding. The village is located in the village of Tipbriew Tipblei.
The NTC was led by CB Syiem, Chairman, Rayonald Kharkamni, Secretary, while the UTD was led by Anthony Kharkongngor, Chairman, Dipul Ryntathiang and others.
Pyndengrei SC beat Mawkawah SC 3-2 in the first leg of the 2013 FIFA World Cup qualifier at the NDSA Stadium in Nongpyndeng. .
Other newly elected members of the CEC include Ruben Najir, Organizing Secretary, Raymond Kharjana and Education Secretary Pynkmenlang Sanmiet.
Looking back on her childhood days with him, Kong Celina said, “Madeng (Archbishop Dominic) is not a healthy child and he is very strong. I'm suffering like a child but I'm not happy.
In the years that followed, local scholars such as Jeebon Roy Mairom and Radhon Singh Berry improved the Khasi alphabet by introducing more and more characters that are similar to the Khasi language.
The unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God.
Bah Nengnong also taught about the drinking water supply that the PHE department of the state government will soon implement the drinking water supply scheme and before that they will come to test the water in the villages and to provide training to the the general public how to determine whether the water they use is suitable for daily use.
Mairang, Nailur 6: Excessive noise from car horns, firecrackers, loudspeakers or loudspeakers, seriously affects the hearing and health of all, especially in the hospitals, schools, courts or any place declared as a silence area zone.
In fact, the MBCC has sent the name of Kong Irin for the upcoming MDC elections from Mawthadraishan.
We should also know that the song Ri Khasi Ri Khasi is not the patriotic song recognized by the government or as the National Anthem.
“Now they say that many oppose, many criticize, but in fact there are many who support, not all are bad, many are good for evil, there are bad in society.
Robert, 63, was the MLA of Laitumkhrah from 1990 to 1993, after (L) Peter G. Marbaniang won as MP to the Lok Sabha.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Bah Edira Lyngdoh said that although the KHADC has taken the initiative to invite Bah Nangtei Syiemïong to answer on the expenditure of funds.
The Rangbah Shnongs including Bah AK Syiem, former Rangbah Shnong of Umden Khasi and Bah JB Manih, current Rangbah Shnong, have expressed their deep sorrow over the delay in the road. He said that this is indeed the lack of efforts of the government department to promote development in the area.
The Association sends its condolences to the family members, wife and children and prays that God will bless them especially at this time of darkness. .
Sawakahi Syngkon (1/5), Linimandakini Ksoo (1/7) and Sareeka Jat (1/25) took 10 wickets each.
“Sometimes when a meeting is called, one department is absent and another is not absent, so this is another reason,” he said.
Three standby players have been selected: Julitha Marak, Sistilin Ryntathiang, Banrikmen Lyngdoh and Marme M Sangma.
Bagchi, a lawyer, strongly criticized the Prime Minister and Trinamool Congress leader Mamata Banerjee for the assault on West Bengal Pradesh Congress Committee President Adhir. Ranjan Chowdhury after the Congress won the by-elections in Sagardighi.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing to track down others involved.
It recalls the statement of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel on 5th July 1947 and in part of that statement it was written:-
Dr. Saralin, who is also the daughter of the former MLA of Mawhati constituency, said that as a TMC candidate, she has the desire to bring about change in Mawhati constituency. The C&RD Block in Mawhati, the Market Complex, the Model School and the development of the Tyrso-Umru area have been completed. with others.
Dr. Tyngshain Sutnga, Medical Officer, Bhoirymbong CHC, checks the dashboard of MOTHER every day to monitor the number of poor women.
On the other hand, Bah Kynjai Thongni, one of the elders of Themiew village, who used to be the Secretary of the village, said that he was first found by an elder who lived in the village while he was trying to to go to the jhur plantation opposite the Nongstoiñ market.
“In the past years, it has been seen that this well has been damaged, because it has been damaged when I visited this place and all this is due to the lack of it's not good".
“The reason is that they talk in detail and talk briefly.
The arrested include members of the BJP and TMC. The arrested members of the TMC and BJP include Bartho Ch.
Tiewmihpli is one of the women who has left the post of Seinraij Tuber, a member of the Women Wings of Seinraij Tuber. Care Institute cum Counseling Centre.
Shillong, Lber 06 : Meghalaya lost 3-2 in the final against Karnataka in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia on the 4th of this month. 10th October, 2023, but it is a great honor for Meghalaya to have reached the final of the Santosh Trophy for the first time.
The Syiems, Sordars, Doloi and all the Hima-Sima and Village Authorities should think carefully and should completely stop the illegal infiltration of these people. They are the children of Hynniewtrep (Khasi-Pnar) because if we the children of Hynniewtrep (Khasi-Pnar) go to other places of other people – we will not be able to live peacefully and sleep peacefully. We shall be persecuted in forty ways and we shall never be able to own our houses and land outside the Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
"The lack of advance notice shows a sign of great danger, because these powerful celestial bodies could fall at any time on our universe," said Michael Brown, from at Monash University.
He said that in an incident in Garo Hills, while a pastor was conducting a meeting with a person who was involved in this faith, the person shouted that I have to leave the church. that room because it was called by the devil, and immediately, a loud voice was heard knocking from the door.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) under the leadership of Bah Gee Mawlong, Vice President, on Friday, 2nd July 2024, visited the drug users in Shillong: Motphran, Khliew, Iewmawlong and Anjali.
However, within a few centuries, smoking has spread around the world and today tobacco is one of the most important crops in the world.
Chuba Ao said that such actions have led many MLAs from political parties in the state to decide to join the right and recognized party from Delhi.
Commander Shangpliang, producer and director of the film, expressed his gratitude to the audience who watched the song.
“The mask is very important now, especially in the fight against the spread of COVID-1
No casualties were reported in the incident, as even the driver and follower of the truck, were able to escape as soon as they saw that the vehicle they were riding in caught fire suddenly.
The 68th Republic Day celebration in Jowai and Khliehriat as well as in Amlarem was very lively.
New Delhi: The Bhartiya Janata Party (BJP) through its president JP Nadda has said that there will be no more national political parties in the future.
Two persons have lost their lives and three others have sustained serious injuries out of 16 persons suspected of eating wild jhurtit in Lamin village, Amlarem Sub-Division, West Jaintia Hills District.
This is a disaster," he added.
The arrested was identified as Md Jaharul Islam, 26, who claimed to be a member of the Jamat-e-Islami and one of its militants.
He said that Ri-Lum Jaintia is one of the lagging behind in all aspects especially in education, so the time has come for the establishment of higher education institutions in these two districts, so that This will make it easier for parents to send their children to school and they will no longer have to send them abroad at a high cost.
The NEEPCO authorities have sought the assistance of the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) and the Assam Rifles to help contain the floods.
After a while, I saw that the issue against his middle son had become stingy, and he began to oppose the Khasi Ai jaitkpa, and then came the statement, “The Jingai jaitkpa is more hurtful than the Shongkha khleh”. .
At the same time, as you can see when Kni comes with Jainspong, you can also see those brothers and sisters who are playing sor-sor in his ears, crying and naming their own lights. they are more than they are.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10 (PIB): The Ministry of Information and Broadcasting has approved the Digital Advertising Policy, 2023 to empower the Central Bureau of Communications, the advertising agency of the Government of India, to start campaign on digital media.
Nongstoiñ, July 7: The Seng Khasi, which is one of the traditional religions of the Khasi people, which still holds the customs and traditions of the past, which is also a symbol of the the nature and uniqueness of the nation within the land of Hynniewtrep.
“It's not very useful for those development projects and it doesn't make sense until we get the road because to do any development projects the most important thing is the road and others will follow,” he added. Mr. Arman.
About 400 houses have been damaged and more than 940 people have been affected by the storm and cyclone on the 5th of this month.
To date, there are still 4 lakh people living in the city.
The body of the deceased will be laid to rest on the 2nd of July at the Thadmutlong Catholic Cemetery.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Tymmenbasan N.War, a Khasi member of the Karbi Anglong Presbyterian Synod, said that there are less than 10,000 Khasi members in the Synod.
The match will also be broadcast on DD Sports Channel and live streamed on Prasar Bharati Sports Youtube Channel.
A case has been registered at Khliehriat Police Station under the provisions of the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing.
Shillong, Naitung 16: The youths who left the KSU tomorrow to form a new Sengbhalang, which from tomorrow the former youths of the KSU will start working as Sengbhalang under the banner of the KSU. new organization.
It was also the order, which sparked bloodshed in Manipur, as the Kuki community strongly opposed the court's decision.
Everyone is encouraged to pay the fine on or before the due date to avoid being held in custody.
However, it is something that makes us very sad because this rule has not worked at all.
Nongstoin, Lber 18: The Dorbar Shnong Nongstoiñ C&RD Block on Monday inaugurated the Dorbar Shnong, which was built under the Rashtriya Gram Swaraj Abhiyan (RGSA) scheme through the office of the BDO of Nongstoin C&RD Block. budget of Rs 20 lakh.
I think the Presidents of the various groups of our Archdiocese, the Catholic Association, SACYM, the Union of Women's Organizations and the Union of Elders, will not be disappointed if I admit that the Founder of this Buskit was our beloved High Priest, who was at the door of God.
Besides, from the time of planting the seeds, it takes only four days for the seedlings to germinate and grow well and after the first harvest, it takes only three days to harvest again. and those that sprout newly are harvested three times a month.
Hundreds of people have gathered at Jarain Market to protest against the proposal to open Jarain Market under the jurisdiction of Amwi Ar Lyngdoh.
Nongpoh: The Joint Committee of the two Dorbar Shnongs of Umryngksai and Lumbyrhing, which are also near Nongpoh, has decided to oppose the The village leaders of these two villages have sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner, Superintendent to protest against the proposal to set up a wine shop in a border area of ​​these two villages. of Police and Superintendent of Excise in Ri Bhoi, so that the shop will not succeed.
To be good voters, we also need to understand the issues and the Plans of Action.
On the other hand, the Dorbar Shnong wished them a healthy body and knowledge and understanding to serve the people better in the years to come.
“We don't want to know about the authorization of coke factories in areas where there is no coal mining, which has surprised the people because the coal to reach these factories is directly from the coal quarry to the coke factories.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Wanpynhun said that the purpose of the race is to be the voice of the workers, the poor, the unemployed youth, the school children and the those who don't have to speak of their welfare.
Bah Pynïaid said that as the Councils, they feel that the implementation of the UCC in the state will destroy the richness of culture, customs and traditions and the identity of the people.
The number of deaths from covid-19 in Assam has risen to 77 in the past 24 hours.
“I know that it is always my enemies who are the cause of this incident.
The Project Manager of the Meghalaya Basin Management Agency, Sywell Lyngdoh, said that the curcumin content of Lakadong has reached 12 curcumin.
Shillong: Opposition leader Dr.Mukul Sangma has dismissed reports of him leaving the Congress party and joining the BJP.
W. Nongsiej, Deputy Commissioner, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, has been appointed as Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya for the Prisons and Correctional Services Department.
He recalled the foundations of the KSU which stands firm and continues today.
Shillong, November 13 : The HSPDP MLA from Sohiong Constituency has finally decided to leave the HSPDP, the party which he won as MDC and MLA in 2018 and is now preparing to leave the HSPDP. I will join the new party in
After receiving information about the arrest of these suspects, the residents of Mukroh have gathered with the intention of releasing them.
The tournament is sponsored by the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya and the North Eastern Council, Government of India.
Despite being blessed with natural resources, the world is still facing water shortages and air pollution.
Rai and Meena Devi are still missing and a complaint has been lodged with the Mashrakh police station against them.
Therefore, the Government has appointed the Governing Council of the District Mineral Foundation with the Deputy Commissioner as the Chairman and other members.
On the other hand, Prestone Tynsong said that there are about 7098 households who will benefit from the AAY scheme and about 3,51,305 households who will benefit from the PHH scheme. kg of rice and other food items from the government.
Speaking to reporters, JAC General Secretary Ferdinald Kharkamni said that the JAC strongly opposes the government's plan to auction or hand over the MeECL Umsning Division to private companies. There are many problems, harassment and harassment of the public by private individuals or people who do not have the confidence to harass in relation to the distribution of electricity especially in relation to the payment of bills and others. which the public has not yet received any explanation regarding this proposal.
In the 12th Five Year Plan, the National Mission on Oilseeds and Oil Palm (NMOOP) was launched, which includes the Mini Mission-II (MM-II).
but if you put a 0 after a 1, it becomes
On the other hand, the Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Bah BS Sohliya, while talking to reporters, said that the Municipal will complete this work as directed by the state government.
This has also affected the transportation of goods and the movement of public vehicles and especially the school children who use this road, he said. It is a blessing to the people in their journeys, he added.
“The proposal to introduce the Uniform Civil Code should not be implemented in Meghalaya and the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo communities living in India in accordance with the provisions of Para 12 A(b),” he said. added.
He also mentioned the lack of ATMs in rural banks such as Meghalaya Rural Bank, Meghalaya Co-operative Apex Bank and others.
“Look at Chokpot, the MLA is from the Congress, who has defected to the TMC, and in many cases the governments in power have turned away from the areas led by the Opposition but the Government. you have a khongpong.
Khliehriat, Nailur, 07: The Jaintia National Council (JNC) under the leadership of the Jaintia National Council (JNC) under the leadership of Chairman of the Environment Committee, Bah Nini W Sungoh together with the JNC San Shnong Circle, today held a tree planting ceremony at Mutong village near the Moopun Valley.
Ardent also explained how the lack of foresight of the previous leaders at the time of the reservation has discriminated against the Khasi who have a large population of 40% between the Khasi and Garo.
The money has been sent to the bank accounts of the beneficiaries without any interference, making it one of the largest Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT) schemes in the world.
Laitkseh has improved in many areas, the residents have become more enlightened and have increased income, but this writer has found that the road from Nongkasen to Laitkseh and then to Marngorphyllut has been improved. The road from Laitkseh to Mawlaisyiem to Umkrem is still very bad and has not been painted yet.
This variety of Niamtra grows and is widespread in the Ri War area bordering Bangladesh.
“If the previous state government has done wrong, it is the duty of the government to correct this and if the current government follows the same pattern, all the residents will die. ".
While they were talking to the police, suddenly about 15 to 18 boys entered the hotel and shouted at him.
Who are those who will be stolen or robbed? The Word of God says – “Blessed is he that watcheth, and keepeth his garments, lest he walk naked, and they see his shame.
“At such a time when the government has issued this order, no one knows how much the government has the will to do this or “It's just a mid-term election,” he said.
Because the children of non-Khasi fathers are not Khasi.
Regarding this information of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, the HYC has decided to wait until the Cabinet has left and returned from Delhi before taking any decision.
The Psalmist was shown publicly, sleeping soundly and covered with a blanket.
They said that as the people, they want to see a new government to bring about the rule of law which will improve the Jaitbynbriew and the state as a whole.
After the implementation of the single window policy in 1997, many coal factories and coal mining factories were established.
Another part of the Mini Gospel Concert will be held at the Sohpian Presbyterian Church.
To be able to elect the Editor, internal staff, Chief Computer Operator and other internal staff, computer staff in the administrative office and other staff in the office including Accountant, Circulation Manager and internal staff, Press Manager and internal Technicians under the Printing Press section.
He encouraged the children with disabilities not to lose hope or discouragement but to be brave and cheerful so that their future will be bright. as long as other men are.
On that day, the scientists had to walk through the bumpy road from Mawdiang to Langdongdai, which surprised them to find that the area is still lagging behind in terms of The road is not suitable for vehicles.
After the inauguration of the new members, short speeches were delivered by the President of KSU Kyndong Unit (Samla Seimonmi Dkhar).
Because something like this has happened from time to time and it is not the first time.
This will also be only the third time in the past 40 years that Iga and Aryna will meet twice in such a tournament on clay during a season; in 1984 (Martina Navratilova and Chris Evert at Amelia Island and Roland Garros) and in 2013 (Serena Williams and Maria Sharapova at Stuttgart and Roland Garros).
They also wrote placards – “Removal of T.500 & T.1000, why are the people suffering?”, “What will the people eat – ATM Card?/Plastic money?”, “India needs to Demodisation", “Demonisation” and others.
During the meeting, an agreement was reached, where he also showed his ticket to Delhi from London and confirmed that he will arrive in Delhi on 10th November
Besides Agatha from Tura, the NPP has decided to contest against Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh from Shillong.
After a few years, it was found that the Self Acquired Property in the children of this age has turned back into the Ancestral Property and this has passed back to the youngest child and the Self Acquired Property' is only available to you.
Halbert came home and brought a fat cow weighing at least 2 kilos.
At the same time, he also explained to the public about the laws to protect human rights and especially children such as the POCSO Act, Justice Juvenile Act and others so that the public can understand and know clearly. on the effectiveness of this Act to protect children.
Jowai, October 19:.
There are families who meet their children only during the night or only on Saturdays and Sundays.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said the meeting decided to request for the VAB from the Governor so that the KHADC can introduce the VAB. to the translation.
Shillong: The Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of Meghalaya, Dr BDR Tiwari, today said that the preparation for the Lok Sabha elections in Meghalaya has been successful.
Police will not rest but will continue to conduct search and rescue operations to find out and arrest those involved in the kidnapping. Police have already registered a case against these gangs.
President, Union of Village Chiefs, Krang AreaSecretary, Union of Village Chiefs, Krang Area.
There have been more and more Seng Bhalang, which have outnumbered the Seng Sain Pyrthei and the Churches, even if the latter two are combined, but that Bhalang has also sdien hi ldui ha suin. , as the crowd was gathered together.
The decision was taken by the Commission comprising Chief Election Commissioner Rajiv Kumar, Election Commissioners Gyanesh Kumar and Dr Sukhbir Singh Sandhu after receiving complaints from the Commission alleging that they had seen hoardings. Municipal authorities, hordes that do not provide printers or publishers.
Now they are just joining the TMC or the BJP. Bah Himalaya Shangpliang is one of them, whom they have joined from the BJP,” said Bah Pala.
:Ka Seng Kynthei Jaïaw Langsning has closed the celebration of the Golden Jubilee of the march by joining hands to donate in the village.
In the fourth match, Moodop Royal beat Riatsaliya Mihmyntdu without scoring a goal.
In announcing the results, MeECL announced that 772 candidates for Jugali have passed and admitted that it has approved to appoint 336 candidates in the first phase, 233 candidates in the second and third phases. .
The Assam Rifles troops should be withdrawn from their posts and brought back by the central government security forces together with the state police to avoid danger in the area.
In the second leg, Moodop Royal beat Pateinki Sabah 2-0 with Harvestar Dhar scoring in the 53rd minute and Lakhon Shylla scoring a foul for Moodop Royal. (own goal) for 75 minutes.
They said that if it were not for the increase in the price of cows from Khanapara to Bangladesh, the price of cows would have remained the same as the price of cows from Khanapara. but the flesh shall not be found any more.
The Union also demanded that the light in front of the DC office should be repaired so that it will be bright at night.
He said that it is true that the success of the Division was due to the rules of two leaders, MDC Bah Lamphrang Blah and Bah Kennedy Khyriem before they joined the NPP. “Therefore, with the presence of this office, you don't have to go to Shillong because all the work can be done here,” he said, adding that this Division will look after up to 380 KM of road length.
In the women's category, Jowai won by 28 points to 6 baskets.
Through a letter sent to the PD of NHAI, the HYC leaders in Ri Bhoi, urged him to talk to the MeECL officials, in order to resolve the issue of the land and also to allow They also urged the shopkeepers to set up their shops farther away from the main road, so that their shopkeepers in this area which has been operating for many years, can continue as it was in all the past times.
The search for the suspect is ongoing and within 60 days the investigation will be completed and he will be handed over to the court.
On the other hand, the gatekeeper of the Hima, Samla Banrilang Syiem, said that on that day, a group of people entered the tax collection area of ​​the Hima and robbed the tax collection slips. which they threatened to release their vehicles.
“We will announce the Rules of the Resident Safety and Security Act on the 15th of July which is the Independence Day,” he said. temporarily, until entry and exit control measures can be completed.
Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Chief Executive Member (KHADC) Teinwel Dkhar on Tuesday said that the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Teinwel Dkhar should have resigned. He has no right to continue as CEM of the Council after six MDCs withdrew their support from the United Democratic Alliance (UDA).
These writers found that the Khasi culture is their own traditional knowledge.
Please let me come back and spend my life in the hands of your love.
“The NCB team and the Navy have been able to conduct a successful operation in the Indian Ocean.
These consultants are experienced in many fields and have been brought in according to the positions where they have been used specifically for centrally sponsored schemes and EAPs. He said that in both these projects, consultants were required according to the rules and there were cases when these consultants were used by the State Government departments.
" So they hurried to the village without finding anything to eat.
According to police, a group of robbers belonging to the Kuki-Zomi group, who were not happy or agreed with the lifting of the curfew, may have been involved in the incident. in the night of the day of God.
He said that the bringing of illegal activities by any person in the state before the government should not be hidden, but it should be for the purpose of improving if there is any illegal activities in the state because we don't have the same Government.
In addition, the Home Base Program (HBP) includes 1368 students in Meghalaya and now there are School Readiness Programs (SRPs) for children preparing to enroll in schools and This part has been going on until now.
Students from Wapungskur High School, Khliehriat Presbyterian High School, JE Higher Secondary School, St. Anthony's College Byndihati Extension and Jaintia Eastern College as well as the Sein Khynroo Children, Lumputhoi participated in the festival. come to take part in the showcase of traditional dances and songs and other programmes.
All State Government and Revenue offices, courts and educational institutions including schools and colleges in the district will be closed on this day as it is the 'Shad Suk Mynsiem'
Furthermore, this slow influx of these Mynder and Khyllah Jait has not only brought about a clean marriage but has also affected the nation in various areas, such as income, wages and proper trade. to recruit local youth, means affecting the employment of the indigenous people, especially the youth who are difficult to find employment.
He said that Arnell Nongdhar, a resident of Wahingdoh, lodged a complaint last month at about 4 pm after he came to the Amazon office in his vehicle number ML- 05-P-6115 to Laitumkhrah, and when he reached Goraline, he saw a man parking a motorcycle in the middle of the road and asked him to park sharud. He became angry and called his friends who were nearby and suddenly a group of Punjabi children came out and started attacking and beating him.
I'm only here in Shillong.
“We are confident that we will win most of the seats.
Shillong, Nailur 23: Two government offices in Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills District, have been set on fire this morning during the curfew hours. this city.
The Christmas celebration was opened with the prayer of Bah Phrangki Rymbai.
In athletics, Melibad Kro, Rinalis Ingti, Anrisha Klein, Balasiewdor Pathaw, Himonki Khail, Bethlyne Grace Makri, Marqueenless Ramsiej, Joytiful Narlong, Ibaihun Kurbah, Lyntijingkyrmen K. Jahrin, Tushal M Sangma, Marak, Kalbin B. I.Lyngdoh, Simeon Marak, Chanangbirth R.Marak, Pringchang N.Sangma, Donbok Shabong, Sajemiki Shylla, Sanctify Pale, Ioobiang Langstang, Pleasantly Synnah (Coach) & Fidelia Sun (Manger).
If the government implements it, you will be punished under Sec.188, 269, 270, 271 IPC. The message I have to give you is – Save yourself, your children, your children. the tribe, the villagers, the country and the nation.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Ïora Dkhar, Chairperson of Syrwet U Barim MJJCF, said that this generation has now understood the need to preserve the culture and especially in Meghalaya such projects should be encouraged.
The President of the Meghalaya BJP said that the people have already taken their decision whom they will elect from Tura and Meghalaya as a whole.
The shopkeepers also said that they cannot accept this action of the DC by giving reasons for this and that by blaming the price of mur and all this is a disrespect to the district owners. Your services will not be used for all elections.
Thongni said that the Seng also suspects that the pollution of this water has caused many households in this area to suffer from bampong disease.
“It is not possible to give donations to the sports federations alone to win prizes from major tournaments but this is the beginning of the development of sports,” he said. Conrad.
It is worth mentioning that MUDA has purchased many heavy vehicles (Bus rong saw) and small vehicles (rong saw) to operate in Shillong and abroad.
Police and family members are still searching for the missing person as well as the suspected hijacked vehicle.
And to the Samaritan woman Jesus spoke so much that she was surprised and said to herself, “I know that Messiah is coming, who is called Christ.
Earlier, the IBSWO had said that the construction of the dam would displace the people of the area.
They don't do any work, they count and do it very specially whether it is in agriculture, religion or in voluntary activities such as dancing, singing and hunting or others. other activities.
The decision taken by the Executive Committee is that it wants Nongkhyriem to be a clean and safe village and to be free from the use of plastic which has polluted the environment.
For the 2023-24 fiscal year, the payment of money to the farmers will be in three installments of T.2000 from 1st June to 31st November. from 1st July to 30th November and from 1st November to 31st October, the total amount will be T.6,000 per annum, they said.
Chasing the target, Laitkor failed to reach the target, tied for 149 runs for the loss of six wickets at the end of 20 overs.
He said that Pastor MJ Hynniewta, Father Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh, encouraged and encouraged him when he was still a student to write a book about Maieit Hoping.
The examination for Class IX students will start on the 16th of this month.
There will be these current MLAs who will move to other parties according to their own political calculation.
The voice that came out on the day was to remove the Manager, known as G.Rehman, so that the Toll Plaza can run smoothly without any disruption.
Rajawat, who defeated Japan's Kenta Nishimoto in the second round, in the semifinal; He beat Chi Yu Jen 21-18, 21-18 in their quarter-final match which lasted 44 minutes.
Here is one world government, one government, one currency.
Jowai, Nailur 15: The 6th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy of the 2nd Division Football Tournament 2023 was held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
The man led the police to the scene where they seized 9883 bottles of Phensedyl.
Perhaps now this is less common because the banse has been used for blood.
The Minister in charge of Registration, G. Sudhakaran, has temporarily suspended four employees of the department for stinginess in their duties.
Violence is caused by evil thoughts and evil thoughts.
So other countries looked at it and wanted to attack it with the intention of doing as before, but they did not know that such a time had passed.
However, the stinginess allows the greedy people to take advantage of the opportunity that has led them to fall into the greed for wealth which has led some groups to be led astray by the enemies of the country who have used all kinds of tricks. which has put the state and the region in danger because it has been able to destroy the environment because they have violated the rights as shown by the environment of the political parties. There are many cases of corruption in the state government and in Parliament which has prompted the Supreme Court to challenge and criticize the actions of the central government in cases of corruption, black money and others that we have never seen before. The ADC of Maharashtra has been arrested in the 1990s, but now officers like the ADC of Maharashtra have been arrested by the Mafia who have taken over the country and misled the Mafia. W.Bengal Assembly in the 1990s in Shillong, that the country is in danger from the hands of mafia groups (bymman) who have thousands of crores of rupees who teach the society to encourage corruption so that they can get while the mind (monopolistic).
Abu Taher Mondal has been appointed to the Power, Community and Rural Development and Taxation departments.
Mangkara Diengdoh top scored with 27 runs (23) and Ricky Stone Nongbet scored 3/10 runs in 4 overs.
It's a long time ago, but the facts are still coming out these days and that's about the fate of Linda Hannon, who is the ex-girlfriend of Elton John, in which she fell. Elton announced at the last minute of the day that they were getting married.
Panora has promised to lodge a complaint with the KHADC authorities and if necessary she will lodge a complaint against the Syiem of Sohra Hima, Pa'iem Freeman Singh Syiem and Minister Mathaw Mawdkhap. ingly swallowed.
These are the Elbiskul and through them thousands of children in the country have acquired knowledge, understanding and skills about the enlightenment and have acquired new knowledge.
The plane crashed in the municipal area of ​​San Luis de Gaceno under the Boyaca district.
Wahkaji Sports and Cultural Club beat Diwian SC 3-0 in the second leg of the 2nd Invitation Tournament held at Umdohlun.
“On the other hand, the president of the party, Bah Donbok, while talking to Kong Bindas, said that this strike alone is a good example of those who have already exercised their rights.
The fish were later burnt in Ziiriizou in the presence of district administration, police and food and beverage authorities, the report said.
“I am sure many of you are Hindus, many of our friends are Hindus but we want peace in the country, we want a country free from violence, we want "The country will be free from all the problems as witnessed in Pakistan, Bangladesh and others," he said.
The Government has also had to seek the assistance of the Army to deliver food items to South Garo Hills as there is no road to the district.
“He said that through the new introduction of these 14 minerals, it will help the government in collecting revenue.
Shillong: Shillong West MLA Mohendro Rapsang on Tuesday night said that the robbers who tied up his brother Rishan Rapsang on Tuesday night were robbers. He said that the man, immediately after being tied, threw away the money and fled.
This too cannot be said exactly because many of those who claim to be team players are almost team players.
Implementation of Tied and Untied Grant schemes received by the council in the past years and there are 234 schemes/projects from April 2022 to January 2023 including Drinking Well, School Building, Community Halls, Sanitary Public Toilets, Playgrounds, Footpaths, Washing Platforms etc in different villages.
In the face of such human rights violations, the Government of Assam and the Government of Meghalaya should provide full protection to the people living in Shilliang-Mynriang.
But as believers let us remember the promises of the Lord Jesus Christ which we see above, “Behold, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world”.
If you have any questions please call
There are many reasons for this, but one of the main reasons for bringing about a new change for the better is political reform.
The definition of politics is that “it is the power to make others do what those in power need”.
On Saturday last month, the EKHCA held a Talent Search program at Marbisu where boys and girls under the age of 15 and 17 came to participate. section.
Vehicles going from Shillong to Guwahati will not go anymore and only to Jorabat and those coming back will have to stop at this place,” they said.
Nongpoh, November 06: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today confirmed the new leaders of the Youth Wing to strengthen the work of the party in Ri-Bhoi in preparation for the 2023 elections. Village.
This statement was sent by the Waheh Shnong Daniel Khongsit.
Furthermore, the Gauhati High Court will be replaced by the High Court of Meghalaya.
However, after taking over the Government, he took the initiative to talk to the Central Government to restore Meghalaya's share of the PMGSY scheme and in the last four years the implementation of the PMGSY scheme has reached five times the previous 15 years.
Dhoni is a former Indian cricket captain from 2007 to 2016 and Test captain from 2008 to
The Sein Kur invites you all the members of the Kur Parajait around Ri Khasi Jaintia and abroad to take this as an invitation to you from the Youth, Longkmie The Longkpa to the IV (Fourth) meeting of the Dorbar Kur which is held once a year.
“From now on, the Hima Mylliem will allow the Hima Mylliem to appoint an Acting Chief if there are any villages which have not yet appointed a full chief or there is a huri hura,” said the CEM. Shillong, July 22 : The Director General of Police, Dr. LR Bishnoi on Tuesday expressed his concern that drugs which is the enemy of the youth have now reached even the remote parts of the state.
He stressed the need for good roads in the North Eastern states to connect with South Asian countries to strengthen the region.
“Government employees are more clear and understanding in relation to government work in which they can explain to the people and MLAs or MDCs don't have to go to every village to propose if there are Rangbah Shnongs. who have understood the schemes of assistance from the government,” he said.
This time, the government of Himanta Biswa Sarma has admitted in the Legislative Assembly that Mukroh village in West Jaintia Hills still falls within the boundary of West Karbi Anglong district in Assam.
Thus, the Eastern Pnar Thor has two districts and the Western Pnar Thor has four districts.
She said that next year 50 more MBBS seats will be added to the university and thus there will be 100 MBBS students. Last year, the allocation was Rs 489 crore and this year, the allocation is Rs 528 crore.
“You don't remember to ask, do you live here in Madanrting?” Linda asked.
What is clear is that even the Prime Minister, the Minister in charge of Education, Ministers in various departments and our leaders have not listened or understood the value of education.
The employees expressed their satisfaction but regret that the NHM is not the right team to run the 108 service.
However, Rida stood alone to go and see what happened.
There are situations that take months, years or decades until it is impossible to recognize each other.
At the beginning of the investigation, police have arrested two suspects involved in the murder of the child, Pynshailang Warjri, 32, and Banshngaiñ Tynsong,
She said that in Meghalaya, this program has been conducted in all districts where the children will benefit greatly through various programs including storytelling for the children studying at UKG-LKG, 'Exhibition of TLM' Fair, Bicycle Rally and other events that can stimulate the imagination of children.
Therefore, the sudden dismissal of these three persons is a violation of their rights which is known in the law as the principle of natural justice.
This program was conducted by the District Project Management Unit, West Jaintia Hills District.
However, when asked about the failure of the MDA 2.0 government led by the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, DD Lapang suggested to the government to start work from the villages as an example to develop the country. agriculture throughout the state.
Jesus said again – But he that doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven.
The purpose of this program is to raise funds for the advancement of the work of serving God through the songs of the Standing Choir of the Photjaud District Youth Assembly.
Referring to Rahul Gandhi's Bharat Nyay Jodo Yatra, Ronnie said the yatra has received a lot of support across the country, as they understand that there is no longer a sense of freedom under the rule of the BJP. in the country.
According to information received, no casualties have been reported.
As the term for Private Members Business expires today, the opposition members will no longer be able to move any motion in the Legislative Assembly. The VPP MLAs, who alleged that the extension of only two days for the work of the members of the Legislative Assembly, is an attempt by the MDA II government to escape responsibility.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, today said that the number of people infected with Covid-19, Twelve cases are from Shillong, four from Tura, four from Ampati, one from North Garo Hills and four from Jowai.
Shillong, October 10: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday promised that the government will review and revise the operation of the Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL).
Jowai, Ïaïong 29: The Muktiars of West Jaintia Hills District today received training on the modern working methods using technology to improve the working methods in the field of and different cases.
It is learned that these people have also seized millions of tyngka, which have been kept in the residence of the President and many of the people, who are on the highway, have been forced to clean up the house. Sri Lanka's Presidential Palace has been opened since yesterday.
Speaking on the powers of the National Green Tribunal (NGT); He said that this is the Tribunal and it is its duty to approve its views on the coal mining industry in the State.
The Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) has held its 6th State Conference from 13th to 15th July 2023 at Chilliangraij Dorbar Hall, Jowai.
Speaking on the footbridge, he said that it is necessary to have a footbridge in Nongpoh to facilitate the people in coming and going to jam the road and this road is used not only by the people of Nongpoh area, but also by the people of Nongpoh. St. Paul Higher Secondary School, Morning Secondary School and other schools, the road was blocked during the school holidays. school children and sometimes there is a danger for school children to jam this road which is usually crowded with public vehicles passing through this road.
He said it is the duty of the police to search for the perpetrators but their job was completed when they found a missing relative.
The market and parking lots have been filled with garbage after the JMB has not collected the garbage due to lack of space to dispose of the garbage.
Besides these 100 tips, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, has also sent a list of those who have been severely affected, so that he can help again, whether it is with tin sopr. house and other necessities.
The DC said that some of the major issues faced by the District Social Welfare Office in WKH include the lack of Anganwadi Centers and Anganwadi workers in the villages. the Home for Children with Special Need, the Rehabilitation Center for Children with Conflict of Law and also to strengthen the District Child Protection Unit within the District.
He said the Executive Committee has taken seriously and has discussed many times with the government regarding the share that the council should receive.
The Special Investigation Team (SIT) headed by the DSP (Crime) has been conducted and supervised by the SP. City bah Vivek King.
He said that such projects will now be supervised by the engineering wing.
It refers to the Shnat River of Babylon.
The Dorbar Shnong Panaliar urges everyone to cooperate with the village.
L.Pariat said that they have already lodged an FIR at Jowai Police Station for severe punishment.
Bah PN Syiem said that the Council has already set up a Tribunal to take responsibility for the case if there is a dispute between the same kur and jait.
In a statement issued by the District Public Relations Officer, Ri Bhoi District, it said that an urgent decision should be taken by the District Magistrate.
Next season, Demthring and Wahiajer will play in the Super Division.
He said that for the areas under the jurisdiction of the Council, CCTV cameras and streetlights will soon be installed. CCTV and street lights.
“We need to have a good relationship between the government and the party to ensure that whatever the government does and intends will be known to the people,” he said.
The VPP as a political party has been demanding a revision of the Reservation Policy 1972, which has been in place for 51 years.
With 16 points, Meghalaya is third in its group, behind Uttarakhand and Assam.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle on Tuesday inspected the road leading to Satpator and Trangblang. Contractor.
The league matches will be played in Dibrugarh and Mukalmua, while the final will be played in Guwahati.
He said that at the meeting, there will also be a public presentation on the measures taken by the BJP government since 2014 to provide assistance to the poor.
Galatians 1:12.
Meghalaya tied for 230 runs before losing all wickets in the first innings.
“The ISBT is a large project funded by the Central Government to the tune of T.48 crore.
“In 2018, we will bring about a change in corruption-free democracy,” he said.
I don't remember well the times of Bah Bull N.Lyngdoh, the leader of the Khasi-Jaintia Hills in the 1970s.
At this emergency meeting, the Minister urged the Meghalaya government not to disrupt the tourists and tourists in the state.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA, Balajied Ranee MDC Nongpoh, Deputy Commissioner Arpit Upadhyay, Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa and others. officers from various government departments and also entertained the day with songs and dances by various school children.
According to them, they are still working under the agreement with the government (Bonded), some of them are working as officiating.
Those who attended the foundation stone laying ceremony included George B Lyngdoh, MLA Umroi, Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA Mawhati, R. Kharbukhi, MDC, DP Kharsati, ADC Ri Bhoi, Raja Brahma, BDO Umsning, Bah ST Rympei, Rangbah Shnong Lumdaitkhla, Rangbah Shnong and others.
They accused and accused Jesus of touching and kissing the lepers.
Jowai, Nailur 17: The (L) Kesilroy Pala Invitation Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Saturday morning at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
The Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP), which has always stood on the basis of fighting with the Garo people with an understanding on the demand for statehood, has said that the statehood will be achieved. It is the only one that can solve the problems and the future of the Khasi Jaintia people as a nation.
She urged the residents of Jowai Constituency to support the UDP in 2023 so that the victory of the UDP will be a success.
The case has been registered by the Investigating Officer under Section 5(1)/6 of the POCSO Act.
HNLC leaders led by Vice Chairman, Bah Manbhalang Jyrwa visited the state last year to start the first talks with the State Government.
This was confirmed today after speaking to the media.
It is not like this to sit still during elections.
He said that in fact according to the NoC requested by the KHADC, it is for the opening of furniture and not for the timber factories.
The Government's delay in paying compensation to the farmers who have suffered damage to their crops due to natural disasters is a major problem that the farmers are facing and requesting the Government to look into.
“In the past, we used to sell 40 pigs a day but now we sell 40 pigs,” said Bah Kharumnuid.
However, we will take a decision tomorrow,” said BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh.
“If those people from the north want to get jobs in Shillong at NEHU, why can't they come for interview here, why have to go to the north? This shows that you have a lot of things to do.
Earlier, Rimaya Manner, Chairperson Town Vending Committee, Jowai Municipal Board, explained the Street Vendors Act. Vending) Act.
He said that there are several Public Interest Litigations (PILs) which have been sent to the High Court regarding the illegal smuggling of coal.
Mawrie said that the members of the District Council will have to establish their own grounds when they see that there is a lack of understanding by the ruling party. Mawrie said the BJP is not too worried about the intention to remove the party leaders from the party. The same applies to the State or District Councils.
If the Coronavirus pandemic lasts for many years as it did in the past (read my article “The Past and Present” published in Rupang on 26th October 2020), those states that used to supply The Modi government will not be able to feed us anymore, then there will be a severe food shortage in our state.
Lajong have replaced Ioanis Suchen with Glennys Lynrah, who is making his first appearance this season. Lajong u Bobby L Nong bet tried to make some changes in the way the team played when he saw that the way the team started to play in the second half, but besides this, the team They also lost Aman Ahlawat who received a red card in the last match whom the team used to hope for as a goalscorer.
The UDP has agreed to explain to the people that the UDP's opposition to the army's land acquisition is not as alleged by the MLA. UPD Mylliem President Bah Hamlet Dohling told reporters that the UPD has been working hard to improve the quality of education in the country.
These include EGH: 2, EJH: 2, EKH: 109, RBD: 46, SGH: 2, SWGH: 2, SWKH: 13, WGH: 10, WJH: 10 and WKH:
The DC in the Affidavit also informed that while implementing the directive of the order dated November 16, 2022, an order for immediate action was issued by closing down all the illegal Coke factories operating in West Khasi Hills.
A source from the Ri Bhoi Police, said that the reason for the arrest of these robbers, was after they received a tip on the presence of robbers who tried to run the illegal money market. After receiving a tip, they conducted a raid in Nongpoh and in the first raid they arrested Buddheswar Dewri (24) from Assam. You can visit the Jain Mobile Shop at Police Bazaar, Shillong.
Although we cannot know what will happen in the future, it is important to try something good and we do not have to rely on the power of the Creator.
He said that there are about 199 households in the village and the residents are now waiting and hoping that the government will expedite the provision of other necessities for the people such as health facilities, water supply and others.
But that's not all, where Pyngrope's talent has risen behind the scenes; She is also a former model and teacher of Hindi subject at Nongkrem School.
It is reported that on its first day, the film has grossed Rs 53.35 crore in all languages.
He also urged to cooperate with the residents, elders and Longkmie who support the Seng at all times and to continue to work to gain their trust in all activities such as the Seng. Seng can play chess.
It is true that there are many old teachers who teach in LP Schools established 40 or 50 years ago who have completed their education only in Class – VI.
That is God the Father, God the Son (Jesus), and God the Holy Spirit.
Both these teams need to win to qualify for the title.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah Mariahom Kharkrang, said that the money was stolen from the ATM on Tuesday night and the incident was reported to the police on Tuesday morning.
We have seen through the YouTube media that the people of Ri Bhoi District have come out to inform the Government that it will change the date because it coincides with the Lord's Day.
May this award encourage us to work harder to reach higher and to get a state free from the disease”.
BPO NongnahPO Mawkyrwat 793114South West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Nailar 09 : Seven youths from the state today left the city to compete in the Youth IFMA World Championship of Mauythai to be held from 09th to 21st of this month in Kuala Lumpur. Lumpur, Malaysia.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bindo Lanong, Member of the Opposition UDP, said that this is not the first time that the MSPCB has issued such permits for coal mining.
Myntri Rangbah Duh was briefed on the distribution of vaccines for foot and mouth diseases and the increasing acceptance of vaccines in the area.
The price of the leaf is also bought according to its quality and deterioration.
Furthermore, 67 Village Organizations have investment funds of T.3,47,60,000/- and these organizations receive assistance from the National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM) scheme. government agencies and banks.
The Act does not prohibit any Muslim, who is persecuted in these three countries because of his or her practice of Islam, from applying for Indian citizenship under existing laws.
Megin Law Associates (MLA) has sent a petition to the Chairman and members of the 22nd Law Commission of India to express their opposition to the proposal to enact the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) regarding the rights of the Constitution. The Khasi-Jaintia and Garo and other minorities living in the State who take their ancestry from their mothers.
We don't know what happened at another hospital whether it was a false announcement or for other reasons,” he said. ventilator, but he didn't breathe on his own, said the doctor.
We as the people, we are very sad to see that our brothers and sisters are suffering from various attacks,” said Bah Blah.
The withdrawal of nominations will take place on Tuesday.
Many schemes have been received from the Community Block Development, but the most important scheme that has transformed the village is the MNREGS or 100 days scheme.
Police received a tip on the incident at 9:30 am on Friday (4/04/21) when the incident happened at about 12 noon.
“I have brought it to Parliament on the 6th Scheduled, I have taken part, I have discussed many times regarding the ban on coal to be released in this state after it was banned by NGT because coal is not “It's not the Congress or BJP government,” he said.
The unidentified body was found in Mawdun, Iapngor.
In the first pilot phase, he said that the project was implemented in 12 clusters in 11 states and out of the 12 clusters in Meghalaya, West Jaintia Hills District was selected for the Lakadong shynrai.
Other hospitals that have passed the 20 heads are in Shillong – Nazareth (28), NEIGRIHMS (26), Bethany (20), Civil Hospital (19), Supercare (19), Woodland (19), Ganesh Das (13), Military Hospital (12) and Dr H Gordon Roberts (10).
Prestone said they also discussed the issue of peace because they want these leaders from other countries when they arrive in Shillong to be happy and remember their visit to Meghalaya.
It is here that we see that Satan is watching this Jewish nation, because he knows that salvation is from the Jews.
Shillong: The Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) has seized 3.99 kilograms of heroin smuggled across the Indo-Myanmar border on the NH-44 at Mawryngkneng. of Shillong on Friday 8th July
Shillong: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, who is also the President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), today met with the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh. They demanded the temporary suspension of police chiefs including the Superintendent of Police, Traffic Shillong and the Director General of Police.
The NGT in its hearing in June, without delay, issued an order that MUDA should demolish the illegally built and houses along the Umkhrah River.
The meeting was attended by all the residents from the landlords, the tenants as well as the land owners who have not yet built their houses.
We should know who we belong to and as Khasi we should not forget that we are Khasi and we should love ourselves and we are the descendants of the mother who is a woman and not a tribe. sha your mother is not a Khasi.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) has increased its garbage output in the city on the 10th day of this month.
Speaking to media at Shillong Press Club, Bah Kenneth Shadap, President of MUPSTA, said that the meeting was also part of the last meeting. All the Upper Primary School teachers of the state, he will retire from the post of President after his long service from 2001-2
As soon as the sound came, they heard the sound of heavy bullets and it was at this point that they realized that they had been attacked by the enemy.
Regarding these complaints from the village leaders and Seng Longkmie of the area, the Police of Ri Bhoi, have promised to cooperate and also urged the people, to inform the Police if They found any crimes and illegal activities committed in the area and especially the sale of liquor and the illegal driving of coal trucks from the roads in the area.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The village of Nonghylam has been in darkness for three months due to the loss of Transfor Merha in the area.
So, why should we send back the Congress MP?
The Executive Engineer, Superintendent Engineer, Sub-Divisional Officer of PWD and the Contractor were present at the inspection but the inspection was only a joke. The road has not been improved and the ground has not been cleared which has disrupted the traffic.
The election in Sohiong constituency has been postponed 10 months before the polling day after the death of HDR Lyngdoh, the UDP candidate from the constituency on 20th June
We see clearly that not only do we lose out on employment and education, but we also lose out on economic development because we have been enslaved and ruled by the Garo people. The wealth of Meghalaya has been taken away from Garo Hills.
Shillong: Five persons have been arrested in connection with the riots in Ichamati, this afternoon, said the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, in a video speech.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has closed down six factories in the industrial estate of the Meghalaya Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC), Umiam for not operating without trading. License and employment without Labor Licence.
I don't know if I'm going to buy CM phra bt phum because I don't have money to be CM anymore.
To find such talented people, the organization will hold a competition known as Meghalaya Got Talent.
Speaking to reporters, the HNLC has requested the government not to release all members of the Amnesty before the talks. begin.
The Chief Minister said that the smuggling of coal is no longer new with 2000 cases registered from 2014 to 2018 and to curb the smuggling of coal. The state government has implemented the MMDR Act, whereby those caught smuggling coal will be sentenced to imprisonment for up to five years and a fine of T5 lakh.
Without affecting the time of childhood.
Nongpoh, Naitung 03: After the success of the District Level Inter School Subroto Cup Football Tournament, organized by the District Sports Officer, Ri-Bhoi District, The tournament, which started on the 27th July, has come to an end on the 3rd July 2023 at Kurkalang Stadium in Ri-Bhoi.
There are three varieties of slasha called Lakyrsiew Tea from Mawiong, Urlong Tea from Mawlyngot and Meg Tea from Umsning and Upper Shillong. abroad.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said nine people were killed in the US bombing. The US has been bombed after fighting against US troops in the Middle East.
Not everyone is like that; Use your time wisely, Because it is precious.
November 30, is the 161st anniversary of the death of Kiang Nangbah, a civilian who led the war against the British Government.
Shillong: U Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, MLA Mairang constituency who is also the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, together with officers of the PWD (Roads) department, has visited the constituency twice to inspect the places where road construction is planned to start.
Referring to education, Samla Bansharailang said that the education provided by the state is well known all over but he said that soon the state will be known as a center of job vacancies.
Thank you for your patience and you will be blessed many times,” said the father when he saw Bhalang's struggle.
He also urged the residents of the state to refrain from illegal burning of forests so that the natural resources can be preserved.
In fact, almost everything from nature to non-nature generates income from tourists.
The Kopili Hydro Electric Power Plant has three power plants, including Khandong Power Station and Kopili Power Station Stage I and II. as a teacher and as a teacher I will go wherever knowledge leads me.
The SP said that the presence of langïong within the police department has been a shame but the people should remember that not all policemen are bad or to treat everyone the same.
In the end, Kishan was bowled out for 268 runs from 308 balls (which gave him a strike rate of 87.01) and smashed 43 fours and one six.
She said that if the investigation finds that the food is really bad, the department will file a complaint against the seller and the food manufacturer.
In the second half, Se Lajong Football Club and Nongbri Brothers Football Club played well and impressed the spectators with their ability to show their skills in passing the ball. However, until the end of the minutes in the second half, both teams could not score a single goal.
Shillong, March 3: The rebel group has demanded T.2 crore from the relatives of the two owners. who was kidnapped from Shahlang; The family members of the victims were able to raise only T.6 lakh, which means T.3 lakh each, and sent the money to the newly formed rebel group known as AKKA. Tender Nongbri and Edward Nongmin, two coal owners who were abducted on the night of the 28th of this month, have been released by the militants.
Those who came from other roads such as Umrangso were immediately monitored to register and trained to follow the guidelines of the government through the health department.
Rev.FS Rymbai who gave a message based on the Book of Judges 16:28 said, God wants to remake us, He wants to free us from the bondage of God. we are in the evils of the world.
The garbage dump is built only with sopïing tins to discharge garbage from above the road and park another vehicle inside.
So Zuckerberg trained with Dave Camarillo; who has trained many UFC mixed martial arts (MMA) champions.
During the hearing, on Tuesday, there were those who interrupted the hearing with these allegations, with various writings and there were also those who sang songs from the films of the actress and after that, while At 3.15 pm, another person named 'Azaan' spoke in the video and asked, “Where is Juhi, I have never seen her. The court ordered him to turn off his line. The shouter asked, “Do you want me to turn it off?” and said that at that time, Chawla was also at the time of the shooting. judging online.
nor are they afraid to speak the truth.
When Rupang spoke to some of the employees of the university, they said that the main reason for the problems they are facing is the low salary and lack of salaries. benefits similar to those enjoyed by other employees in other departments of the Government of India.
Leaders of the HYC Sohra have met with the Magistrates of Sohra Civil Sub-Division to investigate.
Even if some do not believe or accept it, no one can resist the writings contained in it.
He said that since he took over as Parish Priest in the area, he has tried his best to explain to the people in the area how to learn the respect and manners, to know people. to know God and to be united in all aspects, whether in the village administration or in the field of respect for the environment and the surrounding area along with cleanliness.
In the women's category, Angelis Kharumnuid won the first 50 kg category, Airikmenlang Shabong came second and Milarita Lyngdoh Nongbri won the third category.
You want to be modern, but you don't have a foundation.
Time passed, days and weeks came and went.
In this regard, this has been going on for 12 or 13 years and it has been a great loss for the people who need health assistance because if they have Besides, they had to walk for about 3 hours on foot to reach the hospital if there was any. Some of the seriously ill patients have not been able to reach the hospitals because they have died in the middle of the road, according to information from the residents.
The idea is that the celebration of this great day is the right of the people.
Therefore, it is difficult to understand why the bank continues to delay in implementing this scheme.
The Amendment to Rule 2 (6) states that School Managing Committee means a committee in accordance with this Act.
The ration for Non-NFSA ration users is 7.215 kilograms per card at a price not exceeding Rs.14/- per kg.
P.Nongsiej, one of the elders of the village, told this reporter that after the blaze broke out, the neighbors came out and tried to extinguish the fire.
The Spartans will face the NFU in the first semi while the Sputnik will face Riatsamthiah today.
“The central government has never reduced the allocation of funds to the state government.
There are words like these somewhere in the books of the world. Our beloved Savior thinks for the believers in Him (including us) and wants us to have this holy holiness prepared for us. us.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 127 new cases have been confirmed and 1689 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
“There was a clash between a group of Assam police and illegal timber smugglers from Meghalaya which happened within the Assam border on 22nd November 2022,” Himanta said.
Speaking to media, he said that after receiving accurate information from the Tourism Department, there is a market in Nongkseh Upper Shillong. The Chairman of MTDC, Bah Sanbor Shullai together with the officers and engineers of the Rangbah Shnong of Nongkseh, Bah A Thangkhiew, visited the market. market through the presence of various Stones.
The candidate was accompanied by NPP office bearers and supporters of the NPP from Mawshynrut constituency.
The advisors who are MLAs are AL Hek, Lambor Malngiang, Gigur Myrthong and Arlene Sangma.
She took her first religious oath on 8th November 1994 at Tinsukia Assam and her last oath for life on 8th November 2000 at Little Flower Convent Hatigoan, Guwahati.
Hek said the BJP rule during the tenure of Atal Behari Vajpayee has brought many benefits to the North East by establishing the Ministry of Development for the North Eastern Region. The Central Government has to contribute 50 percent for the North East.
What about the team shops? They should be open on different days, such as the first day for food and beverages, the day for clothes and juti, the day for clothes and juti, the day of clothing, stationery and so on.
Speaking to media, Bah Disparsing said that although the government has spent more than Rs 6 crore, some families have complained to him that they have not received the money. song assistance from the state government.
“We hope that this step is moving forward as it has already been brought to Parliament and we are still monitoring it,” he added.
Forget about tourism, because it doesn't know how it will go because if there are any incidents elsewhere it will affect here too, but the biggest job opportunities are MCCL, NIT and If you have a government department, it will be of great benefit to the people of Sohra.
Not to mention the youth who have completed only the degree level, tens of thousands of them are still unemployed and the government has not been able to provide them with jobs.
Shillong, July 27 : Meghalaya is not only a beautiful state but its citizens are peace loving and do not want to get involved in crime, misleading and garbage. However, with this sudden appearance of political leaders, the political field has begun to deteriorate because there have been many insults against the leaders of the party led by the NPP by its groups. Liang Pyrshah through social media.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: U Prime Minister Narendra Modi will visit Shillong for the first time on 27th June to conduct the North Eastern Council (NEC) meeting. .
The Meghalaya Victim Compensation Scheme 2014 aims to provide financial assistance in the form of housing, education, health, education and legal services to those affected by violence.
Tymmen is no longer useful.
He said that the Meghalaya government has already sent the certificates of identification of the land but the Assam government has not yet sent it.
He said that although the government has set such special days to preserve the environment and to clean up the surrounding areas such as the water and air which we humans use but it is something that Unfortunately, in the midst of that struggle, the Coke Factories in Jaintia and Shahlang and even in our area in Nongjri have been allowed to build. the destruction of the environment whether it is by the destruction of soil resources or the pollution of the air.
Christmas and Epiphany tell and commemorate the incarnation of Jesus.
Shillong, March 27: An emergency meeting of the Congress MDCs will be held in the Khasi District Council tomorrow and after that, there will also be a meeting of the coalition of MDCs. The Council, KHUDA, to discuss the celebration of the Mawbynna Festival, which has just ended yesterday at Mawphlang and at the same time, there will also be preparations for the dorbar of the Mawbynna Festival. Council, which will start from 29th March
“This government has not been able to strengthen the budget of the government, the budget is empty and the works in the government have been carried out only with money, and the money has reached T .15,000 crore", he added.
In Prah' this is the song of the political party or the world party.
In another match, Mulang Ialong beat Tpeppale 4-2
Nongpoh, June 08: The State Disaster Management Authority (STMA) Meghalaya in collaboration with the State Disaster Management Authority (STMA) in collaboration with the The District Disaster Management Authority, the Deputy Commissioner's Office and the Umling C&RD Block today conducted a training session to demonstrate the activities of the District Disaster Management Authority. the earth shall not be affected by the fire.
Evanmi Lyngdoh, MCS, Shillong, has been transferred and appointed as Assistant Commissioner, Nongstoin.
“In Mairang there are no adequate schools, health centres, sports grounds and others which the MLA should take responsibility for bringing about development works,” said Bah Rani.
He said that it can be confirmed that the land does not belong to the Harijans because only in the past few years the Harijans who live in the area have asked for Pata from the Syiem of Mylliem for the purpose of they built a Gurduwa there.
Personally, I want NEPA to become part of the training centers for all police officers in the country,” said Rijiju.
Not only that, this reporter also had the opportunity to talk face to face with the post master of the post office, Bah B.Mawlieh, who said that he had no information about the post. The incident happened in June last year when Bah Kharbudbah was still a post master while he started working in the office in June Regarding the passbook, he said that according to the rules, the office is not allowed, but perhaps there may be those who do so.
The AJMDMWU has already met with the Governor of Meghalaya and sent a letter to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi on June 6, 2022 but till today They did not receive a reply, so the union has arranged to send a reminder to the government through the Private Secretary of the MR of the country.
Shillong, Lber 18: The State Government has canceled the results of the recruitment examination for Non-Bonded Nurses (Nurses) after finding that there was a grace mark. mark) candidates without permission from the Government.
Speaking after the team won the title, the Minister of State for Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri said, “It is an honor for the Meghalaya football team to win the title. The Khelo India Youth Games 2023 shows the government's readiness to promote sports in the state.
The proposed mining site is close to residential areas.
Another leader of the party, Labenn Ch Marak, has been arrested by the police since 17th July.
To try and encourage us to take our bags from home when we go shopping.
In these fights like in 2009, the KSU said that its members have been thrown like ksew by the state authorities.
Police have arrested I Love You Talang, Ramesh Dkhar, Tellme and Bor Pyrtuh and Sampher Ksoo.
On the same day, the statues of Tirot Sing Syiem, Kiang Nangbah and Pa Tongan Sangma, which were erected on the site of the statue of these freedom fighters, were unveiled.
From stem to ronglieh, it is through washing it in a small stream and to wash the sohphlang requires the strength of the elders.
She wished that the school will continue to grow in the days to come.
RK Suting Mawkynrew constituencyIf such parties are formed, it will be easier to spend money because 80 percent of us want money.
Therefore, students find it difficult to pass the Entrance examination.
Please understand this – the Congress does not support the government but as a party, when the government says it will set up a committee of experts to review the implementation of the roster system, we welcome this step, " he added.
Speaking as the Chief Guest at the award ceremony of KSU Sohiong Circle on 8th November 2023, he said that he had to work hard at home when he was poor but his mother was happy when he got the results. .
Shillong: Several youths who claimed to be members of the Sengbhalang have been arrested by the Madanryting Police Station while they were on duty. Speaking to reporters, Bah H Kharkongor, Acting Rangbah Shnong of Madanryting, said that the shopkeeper of a foreigner in Thembasuk Madanryting Block F. Police have arrested a group of youths who have collected illegal money from Thembasuk in Block F. While conducting patrol, police have arrested them. that young.
Kynshi, March 23: The office of the BDO Mawthadraishan C&RD Block on the 21st of this month, held a Special Convergence Camp for Awareness and Enrollment for Various Schemes. various schemes in Kynshi Mawria Village, Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
The PDF, which has two MLAs, has decided to join the MDA 2.0 government along with other parties including the UDP, HSPDP, BJP and independent MLAs under the leadership of the NPP. The United Democratic Party (UDP) has said that the call of the United Democratic Party (UDP) to form a government without the National People's Party (NPP) and the BJP is just a mistake. short drama to be performed to the public while the meaning is different.
The High Court has also ordered that the case against former Director of Elementary and Mass Education JD Sangma will continue.
The journey to Sohra was short.
Besides Bah C.Shangpliang, Bah EKSyiemlieh, the youth leader of Shaid Shaid Umoid and some of the residents of Shaid Shaid Umoid were also present.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongstoin Circle today met with the DC of West Khasi Hills District, Arun. Kumar Kembhavi IAS, to request the DC to take care of the upcoming festival.
Thangsning SCC and Lumpaïa Avengers CC have won the 2nd District T20 Cricket Tournament 2023 organized by the East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (ETC) at Smit Ground.
Shillong: Mawlynnong, which has been known as the cleanest village in Asia, has now won the title of the most beautiful tourist destination in the country.
The incident happened at about 4:30 pm and there was no one in the house except his 25-year-old son.
EPICs were distributed to the new voters, the Voters Pledge was read out under the leadership of FM War, ASE. 21-Amlarem A and Jacinthson Passah, 23-Pdengkarong, for their hard work.
The neighboring villages of Moodop are Nongjngi, Mynsngat, Mookobeng and Moorathud.
The Central Coal Depot is also located at the Weighbridge.
With more than half (50.51%) of the candidates in Meghalaya being crorepati, we can say that money, as in the past, will be the most important in this upcoming election as well.
He said the Government has found that the people are implementing the schemes of the Government with confidence because they understand their problems and that it is working with them without any restriction.
St. Margaret's Higher Secondary School, Shillong has three students who have reached the Top 20 while Raina Pradhan has reached the 11th position.
There are five teams that have won the title in the title fight today.
The program was enriched by a dance by Iahunlang and a song by Betterning Dkhar.
The BJP Meghalaya on Thursday met with the Prime Minister of the country to take action against this issue as it has been pending for many years without any results. chargesheet.
IF WE ARE NOT SURPRISED NOW, WE WILL WAIT FOR THE UMSAW TO COVER OUR NATION!!.
At the same time, the Union strongly requests the Police Department to send some volunteers to patrol the border with Assam, as we are afraid that the Coronavirus or Covid-19 will spread. Through Assam, as only the VDPs and village authorities can no longer curb the smuggling of people from Assam, said a statement from Bah Diren Klein President of the Union of Village Elders of Marmaiñ.
“Many of our Khasi youth especially girls are not happy to go to other states like Assam at this time, and it will put them in trouble,” said the Vice President of FKJGP. that there will be thousands of Khasi children to take the examination for these posts, and the holding of this examination in other states, 'Will benefit our people here in the state'
“As a person, Prestone is a good man, of course we as politicians have our own shortcomings and problems, but I know that he is a well-informed politician and a leader. “If he gets the opportunity, he will provide full service to the state as the Prime Minister,” said Pala.
Regarding this, the JSM has expressed its regret and accused the JHADC of not taking action to stop foreigners from selling and trading in Jowai. pateng without court without sla.
The closing ceremony was attended by SSYWO office bearers, teachers, parents, students, elders and other invitees.
How many millions will die in that time.
In Himachal Pradesh alone, the BJP has 20 lakh votes and the Congress has more than 20 lakh votes. I'm going to kill you for a while," he said.
India are in the bottom of Group-G and earlier lost 2-1 to China.
Another issue that the UDP has written to MR is the government's amendment to the Meghalaya Service and Conduct Rules, which prohibits government employees from holding village posts or in any public service groups or organizations. She said that this is the killing of the spirit of democracy because the goal of their work is to serve the people.
The KSU demands that the state government should register a case against all these bloodthirsty people and send for the evacuation of the BSF who are illegally stationed at Sonapyrdi Bridge and those who have set up camps near Dona and Ratacherra villages to the border.
Both the teams have scored the most goals of all the teams that have participated in the tournament with nine points from three games.
When asked whether he has any hope of getting votes from these 2000 voters, he said, “Yes, I don't have any hope – these are the votes of Dr. Don, these are the votes of Dr. Don. “It's a good idea to support Dr. Don because he has registered them to vote,” said Leston Wanswett.
Dr. Ampareen said that there was no illegal intention or violation of any rules in the dismissal of the three officers.
“AVENUES has been providing such soft skills and career readiness training to youth across Meghalaya and North East India for more than 19 years, involving more than 100,000 young women. and men have benefited.
BDO Also present on the occasion were the Block Development Officer of Wapung C&RD Block, Bah N Saioo, former Waheh Shnong, Bah Hilarius Siangshai, teachers, students and other dignitaries of the school. the village.
Regarding the case of Covid-19, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, today said that one case of Covid-19 in the state has been confirmed from North Garo Hills District. tested twice had a complete recovery.
They have been arrested by the police for further investigation, the spokesman said.
On the other hand, Bah Thomas at the meeting assured all the supporters that as he is prepared, he will continue to contest the MDC election
Ram Gurun scored 119 runs off 99 balls while Ajay Duhan scored 108 runs off 99 balls. that 116 balls.
:The new Khasi song, Nongpyntngen has been released on October 11, 2023, from the movie Romeo and Rossy.
If the government ignores the demands of the Harijans, the Khasi should also settle illegally on government land so that the government can build houses and give them land, said the President of the KSU. The KSU through Samla Lambokstarwell has warned the government not to listen to their demands but if the government ignores them it should take responsibility if anything happens.
“In previous years, we used to harvest larger and thicker rice, while this year we have harvested only marble-sized rice,” said the farmers. long something that encourages them.
Shillong, March 2 : As part of the Swatchhata Hi Seva or cleanliness program announced by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the police of East Khasi Hills have also taken part. from the 1st and 2nd to clean up their offices, office grounds, Police Stations and Out Posts.
The village was well known because the people of it were very bright even though they were still weak and low income.
These tiles are strong enough to support a weight of up to 20 tons of weight.
Drinking water : Most people choose to drink tea and coffee and even high-sugar drinks and caffeinated sodas that can be blindfolded.
In Dkhar, the most popular rice is fine rice; those that are bold rice are the best.
In the 2018 election, one of the famous speeches of this man was, “Go and spread around the country but when it gets dark, come and sleep at home” when he gave the parable of the money.
Nongpoh, Naitung 31 : The Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District, Arpit Upadhaya, has sent an inquiry to the Chief Officers of various departments including the District Food Inspector and PHE to verify the complaint of the students of Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya (JNV). ), Calculated.
These include EGH: 07, EJH: 13, EKH: 127, NGH: 09, RBD: 127, SGH: 12, SWGH: 09, SWKH: 13, WGH: 56, WJH: 69 and WKH:
Ma Vincent also owns a Honda car worth T.7 lakh, a Toyota worth T.10 lakh and others. , Nongrim Hills with 52,000 square feet, Baridua, Khanapara with 31,000 square feet, Umthurong Rymbai with 135 acres, Nongstoin School with 24 square kilometres, Sutnga District with 30 mines surface rights and 2,000 tonnes of coal.
Due to the lack of clear border, Assam has been able to reach many border areas.
So this will be confusing in journal writing, although it may be sufficient when speaking.
The Khasi Hills has lost hope, without heroes like Bah Ardent; and who is also the President of the VPP, following the example of Mahatma Gandhi. Policy does not agree; In the Assembly, all the M.L.As are silent.
The Chief Minister has already confirmed that the project will continue,” he said.
As the Rangbah Shnong, after the damage to the homes of the residents, he urged the government authorities to investigate and expedite the assistance to those refugees who have been affected by the storm. Cold, he added.
The Minister said that the decision was taken because the government wants to show that it listens to the voice of the people and respects their feelings in relation to the society.
Various speakers explained to the people on the need to get the Village Administration Bill passed as the government of Dr. Mukul Sangma has not been able to pass a law.
Many clothes we have, but we don't have enough.
Hundreds of tribes, hill tribes and minorities from all over India and around the world have taken part in the tournament. The tournament was organized by TATA STEEL. to meet together in one place to learn and showcase traditional dances and tribal cuisine.
The State Level Outstanding Youth Club Award was presented by Bah PB War Nongbri, Assistant Director. Sports and Youth Affair, Government of Meghalaya at the same time as Chairman of the State Level Selection Committee.
It is also due to this incident that the road from Ïew Themawlong to Khyndailad has been closed and guarded by patrols night and morning since then. it continues until now.
Why don't you release these months that teachers also need to pay school fees, exam fees, why don't you trust them to pay their fees?
He said that from July to July this year alone, the DMR office from Kynshi has collected T.7.73 crore from these 12,735 trucks.
She urged the public not to listen when they find such drivers who charge too much fare and should inform the union with their vehicle number plates.
Six executive committees of the circle were also elected.
Speeches were delivered by DV Lyngdoh, Additional Deputy Commissioner, Dr Helen J Uriah, District Maternal and Child Health Officer, Health Department, WJH; Dr Brightstar Langbang, Block Development Officer, Thadlaskein; Shiva Sriram, Vice President at Molbio Diagnostics; and Dr Darivianca E Laloo, General Manager of Molbio Diagnostics.
When asked about the candidates whom the party intends to contest from the three constituencies in West Khasi Hills, Hek said that the party has not yet invited applications. Many applicants, the party accepts but the issuance of tickets depends on the Central Executive Committee and the approval of the higher authorities.
According to information received by this reporter, the fire started at 1:30 pm, when the fire started from a shop. but gradually she spread to other shops until she was able to eat these nine shops.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong of Umsarang said that this action of the Rangbah Shnong of Umsarang is a violation of the rules of law, and especially the KHADC court which aims to maintain order between the it. kingdoms and cities.
Shillong: Suruchi Deb Nath, 74, of Laitumkhrah Nongrimbah, Shillong, died on Tuesday, June 20, 2021 at Nazareth Hospital. Ramesh Lal Rai, 36, SumerSumar, Woodland Hospital, Shillong on 20-06-2021, died on 20-06-2 Dinesh Chandra Acharjee, 80, of Rynjah RR ColonySumar at NEIGRIHMS Hospital on 06-06-2021, died on 21-06-2 , 62 of Bakur DawkiSar Dr.HG Roberts Hospital on 20-06-2021 Died on 21-06-2
Find out when and where you can get your children vaccinated in your area.
The citizens fear the rulers and those in authority and the administration of justice, residence, walking and working has been established in such a way that the citizens live in fear, doubt and dread forever - to fear the authorities, the rulers and so on.
Celebrating its 132nd edition this year, the Durand Cup has become the oldest football tournament in Asia and the third in the world.
“This is a negligence of the government and the education department has neglected the schools in the rural areas.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, David Watson Lyngdoh Mawphlang, resident of Jaïaw Laitdom, said that he has been driving the electric vehicle for 3-4 months. eiei, he said that according to his experience, this electric vehicle is good for the environment because it does not produce any harmful smoke and the advantage is that there is no need to thep the petrol.
The mother of the child, said that she sent Wallambok Rani to finish school because she could no longer support him, because their family is not rich. He was also educated because he was an obedient child and a smart worker in agriculture.
“We are school children and we need footpaths to avoid any injuries if we walk on the road, but these footpaths are not owned by the vendors throughout Iawmusiang,” said one of the footpaths. students.
The court of Chief Judicial Magistrate HC Varma in Surat on 23rd October sentenced Rahul Gandhi to two years in jail.
However, this OM dated 10.05.2022, has opened the door for the filling of posts since 1972, which cannot be filled by Garo, and this is because of the 100 point Roster which they have brought and also through two The clauses in this O.M. dated 10.05.2022, namely clause B(6) and clause D(2), which read as follows:B (6) : After every recruitment cycle, an account shall be noted in the reservation roster indicating representation of Khasi and Jaintia, Garo, Other STs & SCs and details of backlog reserved vacancies, which will be carried forward to the next recruitment cycle.
At this meeting, the Kur has honored the members of the Kur who have contributed to the good deeds. Wa leh bha. On this occasion, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah S.Dhar was the chief guest. CEM of JHADC in Thombor Shiwat.
Also present on the occasion were Ma Helping Phawa, President of Mutong Tourism Promotion and Environment Protection Society, Ma W. Kyndoh, Waheh Shnong of Lumtongseng, Ma W Syngkor, Waheh Shnong of Lumtongseng. Lummyrli, Bah WS Talang, Waheh Shnong of Borsara and others.
Besides the state government officials, there will also be officials from NBCC, BMC and officials from the state agriculture department.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Grace Mary Kharpuri praised Bah Prestone and said that he is a hardworking leader who has the spirit to improve the income and development in the region. in the state as a whole.
The Principal of the School, Bah Steferd Rynjah and the parents of the children who came to witness the ceremony were also present on the occasion. .
He said that according to the agreement signed between the office of the Deputy Commissioner, the land of 10 acres has been given to the NPP for 30 years at the price of 115 tyngka per annum.
He recalled that he did not take part in the 50th Anniversary celebration of the state, because he did not feel useful when many of the issues of the jaidbynriew remain unresolved.
Commercial vehicle operators shall ensure regular cleaning and shall regularly inform employees and drivers of good practices to protect themselves and others.
Shillong: In the poor world, there are still those who are not in a hurry to get a job and this has happened in the police department.
Furthermore, it was revealed that during his departure from the NPP, some of the elders and women in charge of the Block have decided to resign from the NPP. NPP party in Nongpoh.
These include the Directorate of Arts and Culture, the Controller of Legal Metrology, the Registrar of Cooperative Societies, the Directorate of Economics and Statistics, the Directorate of Education Research and Training, the Directorate of Housing, the Chief Inspector of Boilers and Factories, the Directorate of Printing and Stationery, the Directorate of Program Implementation and Evaluation, the Directorate of Sericulture and Weaving, the Directorate of Small Savings, the Directorate of Sainik Welfare, the Directorate of State Lotteries and the Commandant Civil Task Force.
The Magistrate together with the Police of the District today took action to close down the gate at Umdihar following the order issued by the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District that the gate will not be closed. work no longer in this area.
He also worked with the Congress party but they don't count him because he doesn't belong to their family or clan.
Nongstoin, Naiwieng 10: A 5-year-old girl has escaped from the tyrsim of a dead robber, who tried to rape her, and the incident happened yesterday morning. Sunday in Nongstoin.
These are 1
The party said it will continue to fight for the rights of the affected people but also urged to refrain from taking illegal means in the protest.
" Further, the BJP top leader alleged that when there was the Congress party led UPA government at the Centre, the entire Northeast was suffering due to insurgency.
He was identified as a 25-year-old man who had just returned from Delhi.
On the other hand, the Director said that the appointment itself is in accordance with the rules laid down by the Government of India.
Shillong, June 28: The Minister of Urban Affairs, Government of Meghalaya, on Tuesday, drove his own vehicle from his office at the Secret Territory to his house at 2 pm. something.
When they reached Golflink, perhaps it was not yet dark, they released the two children and they walked along the highway and when found by older people, They sent them to meet the police at PTS and were taken over by the Pasteur police to find out the facts about the abduction of these two children.
Therefore, the Government is considering all aspects and to ensure that any decision taken will be in the interest of all and also to ensure that the appointment procedures are transparent and open to the public. the youth of the State,” he added.
Nineset Secondary School scored the first goal for Nineset SS in the 3rd minute from Badaphun Lyngkhoi. syndon the last name.
Earlier, the Director of Social Welfare, Bah Hima M Shangliang said that the workshop was held to raise awareness among the members of the Child Welfare Committee. Child Care Institutions, District Social Welfare Officers, Sengbhalang and other agencies in charge of children's rights and violence so that they can work to provide services in the right manner.
Therefore, it is essential that there is responsible water use and ensuring that everyone has access to water.
It is sad that at a time when the badminton players are encouraged after India won the Thomas Cup 2022 and that they are encouraged by the fame of Lakshya Sen, the new badminton star.
Shillong, March 27: The Monolith Festival organized by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Saturday, after two days, ended at Law Kyntang in Mawphlang, about 25 km from Shillong.
The residents have started talking about the need for the State for a “Transformation” in Khadar governance to improve the State and the residents in all aspects.
Scott also served as Development Commissioner of Arunachal Pradesh, formerly known as NEFA and later as Development Commissioner of Andaman & Nicobar before coming to Shillong to become Chief Executive. Officer of the Shillong Municipal Board.
We all think that we agree with the name of Nagaland and Mizoram, because they name their state according to the ethnic group in which they live.
That's enough! That’s the tradition.
For example, Assam has launched the Electric Vehicle Policy 2021 and this provides assistance in the purchase of electric two and three wheelers.
However, after the closure of the dam, the road has been destroyed and filled with pum pum.
The need is met but why does the Indian government move us away, you rulers, leaders we must take this heavy responsibility to recognize our language,” said Prof. Kharmalki.
This festival should not be for the fishing of fish but for the niut that people throw into the water.
LISTEN TO THE TEACHING OF YOUR FATHER: Proverbs 4:1-1
“The government has promised to release T.122 crore for the salaries of SSA teachers and this will be T.44 crore for the salaries of June and October. The government will also withdraw T.78 crore from the corpus fund for the release of the salaries of SSA teachers,” said Rymbai.
Meanwhile, Russia has repeatedly denied that it has not fired or shelled civilian areas but only in areas where Ukrainian troops are present.
Referring to the Vision 2047 set by the AIFF, Bhutia said such goals have existed since ancient times, but they will have no meaning if they are not achieved. to implement them properly.
Shillong: Three persons have died of Covid-19 in Meghalaya today, said the Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War.
The incident occurred on 30th November 2022 at a house owned by Tbn S Thoo.
To do this, only 3 or 4 people will be allowed to enter the church.
He said that today the government has appointed six more persons, including two ex-MLAs and four office bearers within the government.
Sanbor Shullai highlighted the key issues to the people on the development of the Northeast since the Modi government came to power in
The sister said that at that time, Arbor had stabbed her brother, although her brother had fought with Arbor, but Arbor had stabbed him. stomach.
H.Stalyne Diengdoh, NPP candidate, said that he does not want to point fingers at anyone but the issue is to convey the NPP's intentions to implement if it reaches the goal of victory. to improve agriculture, roads, full employment within 100 beds, upgrade Shngimawleiñ Sub Center to PHC and other health centres, adequate education , to fully implement the ITI, to promote tourism, full time government offices and other projects.
The purpose of St Anthony's College is also to bring together students who have the same goal to work for the community without expecting personal gain.
In his reply, the Minister said that government jobs have been lost and there is no way for the youth to wait and it is time to open another way for the youth to get jobs. the right thing to do.
The meeting discussed the small size of the UDP, HSPDP and PDF, that is, they are more present and prominent only in Khasi Hills and are not strong even in Jaintia Hills. Garo Hills and said that the NPP, besides being strong in Garo Hills, has increased rapidly in Khasi and Jaintia Hills, with the preparation of at least 40 MLAs. “Furthermore, the President of the NPP, Conrad K. Sangma, MP, has announced that The post of Chief Minister will go to the part of Meghalaya where the NPP has won many MLAs and has also announced the name of Prestone Tynsong, MLA, Ex-Cabinet Minister. to become prime minister.
Our youth should be punctual and choose employable courses.
Speaking on the sub-contract for the construction of the Assembly, he said that the company UPRNN Ltd, which has been awarded the contract to implement the new building of the Legislative Assembly, has violated the rules of the soskular. Only 40% can be transferred while the company has transferred 100% to BRC Ltd to implement the project.
It is now up to the Committee set up by the District Council Affairs to consider the proposal of the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) to implement the Meghalaya Building Bye Laws in the rural areas of the State. It is up to the people to send their suggestions to the State Government to amend this Act so that this Act will not affect the rural people who are still low income. books although few are economically viable.
Before the MLA elections in West Bengal, Prashant Khan had said, "Bengal wants its own daughter. “Remember on June 2, 2021, (which is the day of voting) to see the tweet, which I have already said,” he said.
We as citizens cannot accept that.
On the demand to make Tura the capital, Conrad said that as the MDA government, we are focused on bringing about development and the development has been done in a large and efficient manner. sufficient for all areas within the state.
Shillong, July 10: In a surprising incident, 30 households in Umdum village, have refused to take the census because they are afraid of the number region.
The statement of JP Nadda, Working President of the BJP in July, 2020, is true when we take it in the true sense, when he said, “Politics was meaningless without religion”. He said that religion is a “Code of Conduct” which guides people to understand what they should do and what they should not do, and stressed that politics needs religion.
Tura, Jymmang 4 : After a meeting with bus owners, the SP, DC, District Transport Office and MTC on 11th June 2022 for the full implementation of the Inter State Bus Terminal (ISBT). ) in Chasingre, the DC of West Garo Hills Ram Singh has issued an order that all buses coming to Tura should stop at ISBT and no bus will be allowed to come. tree in the city of Tura.
The heat of the sun, the cold, the dryness of the nature and the pum-pum while the sky is still bright while the darkness and the sudden coldness of the sudden rainfall. .
He said that after the opening of the competition, there was another big loss of fate involving expensive vehicles and the most unusual thing here is that the government officials wearing uniforms. They have become merely readers of the slip and number for the winners.
The oath ceremony was led by Ïoh-i Ksan Lyngdoh.
According to witnesses, the incident happened after the truck carrying the pipes suddenly escaped from the truck and hit the mother.
Ma Tariang said that the people have left him and the party he has elected is not accepted by the people and he said “if you can't they join them”. he chose and decided to go with the voice of his supporters.
One of them is that many of the regular meetings that should have been held regularly have had to be called emergency meetings.
Shillong, July 16: The increase in the price of food and beverages since the outbreak of COVID-19 in the state and around the world has caused the domestic workers to lose their jobs. The All Meghalaya Domestic Workers Union (AMDWU) has decided to set a new wage rate.
Bah Lahkmen, Minister of Education, was the chief guest along with other senior officials from the Commissioner and Secretary and the Director of Education.
Vincent H Pala, MP Shillong Parliamentary Assembly, was also present as the chief guest at the meeting chaired by Rtn.
Some small states with only a few districts, which find it difficult to follow the directions of the department, can send a letter to the department through the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of different states.
Bah Bishno Roy Dillar – E/C member UDP Ri Bhoi District
He said that the security forces have also seized some drugs, but no money and other items have been seized which could be used to raise votes during the elections.
“The Civil Sub Division in Pynursla has been established and you can see that we have to register here because this office has not been able to function properly even after three years of opening. “It's just a matter of cleanliness to mislead the people,” said Bah Anthony.
On the other hand, Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Stalin has requested that the date be postponed.
