So far, more than 31,000 people have been fined for violating the rules, as announced by Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez on Saturday and 350 people have been arrested. break the law.
Malki SC scored 174 runs for the loss of nine wickets in 40 overs.
On the other hand, the union in collaboration with the Fisheries Department Ri-Bhoi has also taken this step to fish in the river to develop and preserve the fish so that they should not be destroyed and to educate the people. Keep the fish, not to kill them or to kill them by using drugs or other methods.
Allegedly, Bah Paul Lyngdoh has misused his power as Minister of State, Phidalia Toi said, “Look at what the Minister has done, I think it is a misuse of power and I take it. this is like a distinction, a one-sided view and I'll see what I'm going to do after this.
The Congress party has begun to lose heart here in Meghalaya as the time and months go by.
“Therefore, the only way to reduce the traffic jam in these areas is to provide places where buses and taxis can stop and wait for passengers,” he added.
Two MLAs, Brigady Marak and Marton Sangma, have resigned.
In the final, Tura failed to score 127 runs for the loss of all wickets. Tura failed to tied first after winning the toss and Rashid Islam scored. 25 runs while Josiah Cheran Momin scored 18 runs.
It may be recalled that the ISBT at Mawiong Rim was inaugurated by the Minister of Home Affairs on 24/7/2 It has received T.43,83,930 lakh.
Shillong: The BBUSC in collaboration with the staff of Sanker Hospital Shillong in the presence of Dr. Eddie Mukhim, Psychiatrist, Dr. S. Lahiri, MD, Dr. Carrienova Lyngdoh Nongbri, M.S. Sc Psychiatric Nursing, Addiction Counselor, Akesh Laloo, MSW, conducted an awareness program on the dangers of alcohol and how to avoid them.
According to the wife, Bah Kmanwel marweiñ said that she has never heard that her husband has such an intention to commit a crime, because even though he is a stupid person he always provides food. She drinks with her children at home, when they are together, but now she is surprised and the village is surprised that he has done this.
COVID 19 DAILY UPDATE, MEGHALAYADATED: 30-08-2020NEW CASES –60EKH – 3126- High risk01- Returnee(NEIGRIHMS04- Armed forceSGH – 1 (High risk)Ri-Bhoi – 60k-10-E2-LI Isse High Returne0 GH - 9 (Random Sampling at Rongjeng Bazar)EJH – 402- Returnees02 – High RiskWGH- 9(BSF)NEW RECOVERED: 14EJH : 0203- High Risk Contacts02 – ReturneesRBD: 0202: 0 turneGHeGHe CMJ Brew EH : 1 (Cluster ribbon).
Of these 150 members, Jain said most of the ANVC-B members are from West and South West Khasi Hills and some from Garo Hills.
“However, yesterday we saw the statement of the Chief Minister of Assam which surprised and saddened us, because, in the past years, in the border settlement between the Meghalaya and Assam governments, in the Phase 1, many parts of Meghalaya which we have lost” On the other hand, the party has also turned to the leaders of Jaintia Hills, including the Deputy CM, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, as well as Bah Comingone Ymbon and Bah Kyrmen Shylla, Ministers of the State Government, to take action on this issue, to speak in the Legislative Assembly, and to take action to protect the land of Jaintia Hills.
Leaders of the political parties included JSU President Lawyerson War, JSM Joint Secretary Pillarstone Phawa, MPUF President Dapoiwanmi Laloo and others.
The allegations of corruption in the MDA government, the emergence of those scams, the mining and smuggling of coal, the murder of former HNLC leader Chesterfield Thangkhiew, the shooting of brothers and sisters on the border, the CAA, ILP, teachers' problems, loss of land to Assam, various protests and others we have forgotten.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Umïam Circle, under the leadership of the Circle Leaders including the President and General Secretary together with the members, on Tuesday evening seized two vehicles, a Force Traveler and a Force Traveler. Sumo, carrying about 25 foreigners who came from Assam with the intention of working at the Topcem Cement factory in Jaintia Hills and other parts of Shillong.
Therefore, we now have doctors who treat diseases caused by deficiencies or weaknesses or mental illness.
On the other hand, the village wishes to extend its best wishes and blessings to the Ramakrishna Mission for the continued success of its activities.
What is Winter? We know that the rainy season is the time of rain, the time of floods, the time of floods, the time of difficulties.
Finland on Tuesday became the 31st member of NATO, with Russia said to be angry over the addition of new members to NATO. times.
Earlier, the university celebrated its three years anniversary with Prof MS Baghel, former Director of IPGT&RA and former Vice Chancellor of Gujarat Ayurveda University as the chief guest. Prof SK Srivastava was the chief guest at NEHU among others.
“This government is for all the people without any religious discrimination and we want the people of Meghalaya to experience and take advantage of this commitment of the Prime Minister to make India a prosperous and prosperous country. strong without corruption," said Alphons.
The eight persons arrested are Bison Shylla, Tre Rymbai, Dipsy Bareh, Pyllun Ksoo, Anthony Sumer, Alal Uddin, Abdul Satar and Badral Hussain who were trying to smuggle coal to Malidor in Assam.
Maria Grazia's visit to India is scheduled to be released in Fall 2023 and Dior's CD has always been eager to come to India and is happy that this time it has happened.
Nagaland Chief Minister Neiphiu Rio has strongly opposed in Delhi the BJP's nomination for the Shillong Parliamentary seat.
The government's commitment to strengthening access to adequate health care, the participation of villages will make the state disease free and prosperous.
Nongstoin, Iaiong 13: In order to fight against insurgency and illegal groups in the Shallang area, Shalang Police today continued to conduct a heavy raid. good in the Shallang and Rongkhugre areas.
After testing, it was found to be a drug weighing 47.157 kilos.
The District authorities have already declared 26 areas in Shillong as Containment Areas, where people have been banned from entering and leaving these areas.
Moodymmai won a cash prize of T.15,000 and a trophy and HUCC won a cash prize of T.10,000 and a trophy.
Speaking to reporters, KSU Education Cell Secretary Readyonestone Nongrum said that the KSU has demanded the cancellation of Unit 3 of the Social Science book because the text does not fit the national standards. Khasi in which it will mislead the students as well as the nation.
Shillong: The new Governor of Meghalaya, RN Ravi, will be sworn in tomorrow at 12 noon at Raj Bhavan, Shillong.
The Government of India has been under constant criticism for the lack of jobs these days, while there are many vacancies and unfilled jobs.
The Sports Department of NEHU has been holding the tournament since the 18th of this month and ended on Friday, the 20th. The matches were held at the Indoor Stadium of NEHU Permanent Campus, Shillong.
This song also gives birth to what is called the "kenotic ethic" or the principle of work that is valued in the mind of Jesus Christ, that is, self-sacrifice and self-sacrifice for others.
Inspection by some media outlets, on the 27th June 2023, found that the office has been destroyed, and the office has no fence, although there are three employees. .
Although mothers breastfeed their babies by mixing them with many kinds of soft drinks, especially during the hot season, a glass of sweet milk before bedtime is important for health. health and sleep well.
He continued to play from 1995-9
Speaking to media after the opening of the Academic Council meeting on Friday, NEHUTA President Prof. Lakhon Kma said that the Association's opposition to the implementation of the National Education Policy (NEP) 2020 since three months ago is because Prof. Shukla has violated the powers of the Academic Council by declaring the Executive Council as the supreme authority of NEHU. The Academic Council (APC) has decided to implement the National Education Policy (NEP) for the Four Year Undergraduate Program (FYUP). The North Eastern Hill University Teachers Association (NEHUTA) has demanded that the authorities should extend the training for another 10 months but not to hold the examination in November or November, The Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof. PS Shukla has suspended the training due to a misunderstanding between the MCTA and the Vice Chancellor of NEHU.
Don't give anyone a chance...the people should show strength because we live in a democracy," he said.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Macmillan Byrsat, MLA Nongstoin, said that the government under the leadership of the NPP has shown great achievements in terms of development, and Maweit area is fortunate to have an MLA in power because through the hard work of the MLA, the road has been abandoned for more than 50 years.
Meanwhile, West Khasi Hills won the gold medal by beating EKH 3-0 in the final at Madan Hen, Mawlai.
When a person dies or the soul dies from the body, that spirit cannot be seen with the naked eye because it is spiritual.
In addition, it was also discussed that other Dept.
Of course, we are not the only ones who wield the bow and arrows.
But in the evening two of them slipped and fell into the river and drowned because they did not know how to swim.
Khliehriat, Nailur 11: The National People's Party (NPP) East Jaintia Hills District today welcomed the former President of the Mahila Congress Committee (Mahila Congress Committee), Jhanika Siangshai and 48 members of the National People's Party (NPP) Leaders of the NPP party from East Jaintia Hills District, have expressed their satisfaction to see that many women and mothers have come forward to join the party. He said that he is happy and hopeful to see the elders and women who have come to give their support to the NPP candidate, Bah Nehlang Lyngdoh. The NPP from East Jaintia Hills District has announced that it will hold the MLA election in 2023 from the 6th Khliehriat Constituency. thong to reap the fruit of victory.
So far, 25,000 tractors have arrived from Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand, said Rakesh Tikait, leader of the Bharatiya Kusan Union (BKU).
“The statement that the VPP has taken advantage of this issue is only their statement of regret, because of our victory but we feel that we don't have time to listen to that because we have spoken clearly. that the Reservation Policy is not only for the purpose of getting government jobs for all those who come to the protest”.
Speaking to reporters, BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh said that Alphons will arrive on the 9th and will meet with BJP leaders, party workers of Garo Hills to prepare for the elections and the next day. , will take part in the Wangala festival.
In addition, it is prohibited to carry more than 50,000 rupees and gold coins without proof and those who carry firearms without license are ordered to surrender them immediately to the nearest police station as per the Model Code of Conduct is still in force in the state.
They will come out and shake the shalyntem of nature.
There has been a mass protest and strong opposition to the demolition of Block I and II villages in Mikir Hills District.
The purpose of ENSA to hold this Football Tournament is to develop the talents of the football players within the boundary of Narpuh District.
She convinces herself that a young human can somehow have a point.
There have also been articles which have strongly criticized that Khasi husbands divorce and leave their husbands.
These incidents have been the result of the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam.
You too have a responsibility for what kind of governance you want to see in our beloved State.
JSU General Secretary Treiborlang R Suchen said that the JSU has also demanded from the state government to host the National Games 2022 by holding any kind of sports related to the region. growth by building playgrounds.
Shillong, Nailar 1: The purpose of the State Government to create the New Shillong City is not for the benefit of the land owners in the state but to bring in the Dkhars to settle in the area.
There are many ways in which we can prevent the soil from flowing into Dkhar.
Shillong: The Patharkhmah Market is one of the largest and oldest markets in Western Ribhoi.
Bah Metbah also directed government officials to gather information on the damage caused to the people by the floods in the past few days.
“We have seen the resolution passed in the House but so far there is nothing new regarding the demand for the recognition of the Khasi Language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
This includes following the protocols laid down by the Government authorities to prevent the spread of Covid-19, said a statement from Bah Lurman B. Talang, General Secretary, Dorbar Shnong Shnongpdeng.
The Majai has been looked after and ruled by the Syiem of Sohra Hima until now,” said the statement.
Rohan took five wickets in 2.5 overs and Chandan took two wickets in three overs.
Nongstoin Police Station has registered a case under Case No. 113(11)17 U/S 120/120B/365 IPC R/W Sec.3(a) /4 Pocso Act.
“Tohmondiam Mukhim, General Secretary of Hywar Jaintia Circle, said, “We have seen many benefits that the ASHAs have done in our areas and it is through your presence that we have overcome this Covid.
Pushkar tied 111 runs off 207 balls including 17 fours.
New Delhi, November 16: Ahead of the Lok Sabha elections, the Government of India has changed the rules of the 100 days scheme, which will include T.10,000 for all 100 days workers. to build toilets and to provide assistance to women, to form their own cooperatives.
It is reported that the cows have died due to sympathy and lack of food.
St. Edmund's and Sunrise Academy have qualified for the final of the Inter School Under-15 Cricket Tournament organized by the Shillong Cricket Association.
Bah Makdoh said that there is no benefit in having a MUDA office in Byrnihat. It is better to close down the office. they.
On the other hand, Bah LG Nongsiej, urged the UDP to think twice about its decision, as the implementation process is only a few months, but even so, the EC has been able to purchase the He hoped that through the cooperation of the UDP, the ARPA will continue for three years.
Raj Biswa scored 21 points, Nakul Verma (42 points), Kishan Lyngdoh (31 points) and Jaskirat Singh Sachdeva (18 points).
The Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, Prahlad Singh Patel has inaugurated the PM Vishwakarma Scheme in Shillong.
“There is no BJP here in the District Council. When there is no BJP, there is no problem,” said Bah Ronnie.
Banteibor Syngkrem scored 27', Sanborlang Kharsahnoh 76' and Arkini Laloo 89'+3
JPMF President Baitlang Pohsngap and Shaniah Suchen President HANM Jaintia Hills Unit said that those who wish to support should contact 8014973782 /
“Out of 365 days a year, 100 days are spent in Dorbar, 200 days are spent on various programs and 65 days are holidays,” said Bah Pala.
In the midst of the water shortage which happens every year just before the rainy season, the people of this village especially the women face problems due to the lack of adequate sanitation.
People today remember the Internet first when there are protests or conflicts and the question arises whether the government will ban this powerful force.
On that day, the rescue agencies released photographs to witness the damage to the venue, in which visitors to the venue where the music used to be held were seen. They were placed on stretchers while rescue teams were struggling to rescue the victims.
He was speaking at a public meeting held by the VPP in Khliehriat in the presence of the party president, Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit and other senior party leaders.
In this regard, the union will investigate why MeECL has taken years to complete the 33 KV line from Nongpoh to Umsong.
After Umroi, Umsning Constituency came second with 79.46% turnout, followed by Nongpoh Constituency with 78.18% turnout, Mawhati Constituency with 78.18% turnout. The turnout was 74.39%.
This was after his relatives paid Rs 20 lakh to the rebel group.
Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP) Poonch Shamsher Hussain said that the Lashkar-e-Taiba militants and Pakistani troops took advantage of the weather conditions to attack the LOC. the opposition also took advantage of the forest.
It is now clear that the Lord God did not create hell for mankind, but only for Satan, the beast and the false prophet and all the demons.
The incident happened suddenly and all seven people inside the vehicle could not get out of the vehicle.
The workshop was organized by the IQAC and NEP/CUET/NCTE Cell of Kiang Nangbah Government College, Jowai with the aim of improving the quality of education through the SWAYAM MOOCs scheme. Ministry of Education, India and NPTEL to promote higher education in educational institutions in East and West Jaintia Hills Districts.
While Halbert was walking to his shop, many customers came to him.
“I have told them that in the next few days we still need to discuss other issues, we will sit down to discuss the issue they are demanding,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ.
The Catholic Church in Garo Hills has informed the Union Minister in charge of Minority Affairs, John Barla, on the attacks on Christians in other states of the country, and urged the Minister to see that it should never happen again.
The new Reservation Roster shows: The names of all the candidates who have received the post, as per the date contained in the notification of the OM, which started the selection in the past, which is only data will be accepted and processed according to the current roster point.
Shillong, June 14: A group of people from Muthlong, Jaintia Hills, have arrived at Pynursla in East Khasi Hills this evening.
The Shillong Cricket Association (MCA) will play against the All Jaintia Cricket Association (AJCA) in the final of the Inter District U-19 Boys Zone 1 tournament to be held on the 30th of this month. Client.
Before the opening ceremony, a short meeting was held by Ma Starwell Ryngkhlem in the presence of the village officials, village officials and residents.
Stunts by vehicles or motorcycles inside the villages, whether in the morning or in the evening, endanger not only those who perform these stunts but also those who perform these stunts. even to the multitude of the people.
“You need the foundation and ideology of the party in Meghalaya.
He said the government should change the roster according to the demand of the time and said that the party supports the suggestion of Congress MLA Saleng A Sangma who has suggested to remove the roster. 40% of the population is Khai and Garo.
On the Inter-State Migrant Workers Act, 2011, Wellbirth Rani said the government should implement the Act as it should be. The Labor Government has failed and has not implemented this Act and they don't even go to check the mynder contractors who can work freely in this state but from time to time you see that they don't check. “Foreign workers are only working with the Sengbhalang,” said Bah Wellbith.
He said that in the last 10 and a half years, more than 2 lakh 50 thousand farmers have been involved through the Focus program and more than 18 thousand groups have been set up and the government has already allocated more than 100,000 farmers. Spah crore donations are available directly to these groups.
The accused said that it is the fault of the government that this has happened, because it has ordered the closure of churches while the liquor shops have not been ordered to open.
Not only that, on the part of the NRC, Pakyong under the leadership of Dr.R.Devadas Sr.
The film is produced by Read Eagle Matchbox from Chennai, Tamil Nadu and directed by Kangba Lavejoy.
Speaking to media, the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Andrew A Jyrwa, said that Lait Umkhrah is a peaceful village and does not want such an incident.
The allegation by the civil society that Continental Milkcose PVT Ltd has been illegally sold in the past is wrong. The Chief Minister has urged the civil society and the media to find out the truth before they complain.
The Rangbah Shnongs of Mawlai and various groups have also submitted a petition to the Prime Minister, regarding the shooting death of Bah Thangkhiew, on 13th July 2021, which has caused trouble in the city ​​of Shillong.
The Seng Khasi has been able to participate in the fifth International Conference of World Elders at Dibrugarh, Assam organized by the ICCS from 28th July, 2024 to 2024. June 1, 2024.
The woman was identified as Kong Lakyntiew Syiemlieh.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: Leaders of the Joint Action Committee of the All Meghalaya Farmers Union (JACAM FU) including Commander Shangpliang, Chairman and Erick Syiemlieh, Organizing Secretary, visited the farms of the farmers. Pingwait, Dienglieng and other villages in Mawkynrew Block have been affected by the cold weather.
Throughout the day, the HNYF members, sprayed medicine in many public places in the village, which is also one of the central places in the area, not only that but also The HNYF members have gone to smuggle medicines into the Toll Gate of the village.
Shillong: The State Level Subroto Cup has started today in Shillong.
Rangdajied need four goals or more to reach the final against Lajong while Khliehmawlieh need only two goals to qualify for the title.
Shillong, July 25: U Bah Batskhem Ryntathiang, MDC from Mairang-Nongkhlaw Constituency on Friday joined the National People's Party (NPP) at a meeting held at Mairang village. .
Marksheet, Admit Card and ST Certificate to prove that they are citizens must also be present.
At the beginning of the match it started late after the stadium was closed and the wind was blowing.
If the people do not elect Prah, the mercy of God from heaven will glorify Prah.
“Look at Maharashtra, the BJP has defeated the Shiv Sena, in Bihar it has almost defeated the Janata Dal (United) in Bihar, it has also defeated the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) in Tamil Nadu. Nadu and this will happen to the political parties allied with the BJP in the state,” said Matthew Antony.
If they dig a hole in their yard and bury these weeds, they will get fertilizer after a few months.
On the other hand, Sawmer saw that the team was more aggressive in their playing style and only after the start of the second half did they start to play better in this game.
The injured were taken to NEIGRIHMS Casualty from 9 pm.
The Managing Committee of Robert Hospital is headed by Pastor WC Khongwir as President while Dr. D David Tariang is the Secretary.
It may be recalled that the police have already ordered Bernard N Marak to surrender himself at the Sordar Police Station, but the MDC has refused to do so. that he allegedly feared the police had a plot to shoot him dead.
The Ajywo Seng should immediately take action, distribute notices around the villages and request to hold public meetings around the villages, so that the people of the land can get information. there shall be no trouble in the future.
“Christmas has been celebrated for only 10 months but many families have been affected because the Prime Minister has not been willing to provide what the people need.
Conrad said this while speaking at the 2nd North East India Festival, held in Bangkok, Thailand.
Finally, the government, according to the speech of the Prime Minister and the Symbud Prime Minister, has said that they cannot turn back on the MOU, but the people of the border areas and some The MDCs of KHADC have said that they will continue to seek justice from the Supreme Court of India.
Appealing to the government employees not to listen to the call of the HNLC, the government on Tuesday condemned the call of the HNLC and said that it has provided security forces.
In conclusion, we must say that if the Khasi-Jaintia country wants to cultivate rice, it intends to sell it abroad.
A household in Mihmyntdu has escaped from a fire that broke out at 4:30 pm.
There are also children who work part-time and part-time because they are self-sufficient.
He said the NPP has already announced 58 candidates but after the resignation of the NPP Ranikor leaders to join the NPP, they also forced the party candidate, Bah MM Dangngo to join the NPP. The number of candidates may have dropped to
Laishnong HS School beat Riwar Jaintia HS School 2-1
Speaking to media, General Secretary of HYC NEHU Unit Endlang Sawian said, “After the confirmation of the suspension at 11 pm, 10 people were arrested. “These people have shot dead one of the members of the HYC NEHU unit in room number 18 of the hostel Kupli NEHU. They brought weapons and entered the room and asked them who is a member of the HYC. They shot and beat him and threatened him to leave the HYC. Not only this child, but another child of Assamese ethnicity was also shot dead by these people.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the new building of Synod Higher Secondary School, Mission Compound, Shillong. not funded by the Asian Development Bank (ADB).
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, on Tuesday urged the citizens of the state to follow the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. One of the rules is to wear masks when going outside and if found guilty of violating this rule, they will be punished according to the rules of the Pandemic Act.
He spoke on the notification issued by the Government of India in 2020 to set the MSP for rice at T.
“It is a fact that we have met with the Union Minister in charge of Coal and the Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren Rajiju to discuss the release of the coal. “The NGT has banned coal mining in the state,” said Bah Syngkon and said that the allegation that they want to join the BJP is wrong.
He said that the demand is that the central government should implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state to prevent foreigners from becoming citizens of the state and they stand against the CAA. The National People's Party (NPP) on Tuesday launched its election campaign through a public meeting held at Adokgre, North Garo Hills.
“It is clear that Mukroh falls under Meghalaya and this village is not under dispute.
In fact, there should be 12,418 of them.
Speaking on the upcoming MP elections, the President of the VPP said that the party will soon start its campaign.
In West Khasi Hills, there are 41 cases, of which 23 cases are in Pyndengrei.
He also urged all the groups to come to the negotiating table instead of taking their problems and concerns to the streets.
The festival was also enriched by the sale of thied and the exhibition of handicrafts made by the Achiks of Lum Garo.
According to the staffing, which is one of the criteria for getting the status of CHC, PHC Namdong has been too sufficient to get the status of CHC. The CHC should be available according to the population of the area.
Jharkhand has 9 more coal mines. In 1970, the Sohra Laitryngew coal mine was completed.
The meeting was also attended by SS Niangti, Finance Secretary, KSU JHDU and several members, KS Suchiang, President KSU Narpuh Circle and members. JHDU.New Delhi: Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman today announced that the tax on petrol will be increased by T.1 per liter while the tax on gold will be increased by T.1 per litre. to 12.5 percent, from the current 50 percent.
To improve the prevention measures against the spread of COVID-19, the district authorities have conducted an inspection to the Bataw area to check the availability of places for the people to access. to observe Social Distancing, Parking and other requirements.
The story not only opens our eyes but also our vision, mind and thought of the parable of the syllok, in relation to this mountain in our spirituality and thought of God. As a Khasi, they have written and published the original religious story on this clear mountain.
He said that the Personal Interviews will be completed in the next 2-3 months and after that, the recruitment will proceed.
It is necessary to provide health care to the people in a clean and transparent manner,” said Bah Hek.
“But the state government should not steal from the teachers and help pay the income tax of the IAS officers,” she said.
The Ri Bhoi Boxing Championship will start on July 24 and end on July 25, 2022 at the NSCA Indoor Stadium Nongpoh.
When asked about the candidate for the post of Prime Minister if she wins more seats, he said, “The UDP does not elect anyone to be the Prime Minister”.
We must also elect those who can lead and manage the government or those who will dig for the precious stones of economic development.
The district administration has called for talks between the AJTCVA, JSM and NHAI on the toll gate at Pasyih Ialong, but the meeting has not come to fruition. it's Tuesday.
According to Bah Khongwir, there are five companies manufacturing dewbilat in the state including Star Cement, Topcem Cement, Dalmia Cement, Hills Cement, Best Cement, Amrit Cement, Gold Stone Cement and Maxx Cement.
The winner of the event was India's most famous chef Sanjeev Kapoor, who was also accompanied by a number of leading food and beverage manufacturers in India.
The salary is also paid once every 3/4 months until the homes of the teachers are destroyed.
The facial expressions tell us whether a person is happy or sad or worried.
Hek said that taking the decision to reduce the fees for covid treatment in private hospitals is not easy, as private hospitals have their own expenses to pay.
However, in the same year on the 12th July 1897, the Great Earthquake occurred in Assam, Ri Khasi and there was a terrible destruction.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbui, CoMSO Chairman Robertjune Kharjahrin said that during the meeting with the Minister, The CoMSO has made it clear that the search for foreigners who have entered the state will continue in collaboration with the police.
It is because of this accurate information that some political parties have started using technology or social media these days for the purpose of contesting elections.
According to the report read out by the Secretary, Babu Kular Khongjirem, the donation to the poor has increased from year to year.
The election of the new Waheh Shnong of Tuberkmaishnong was attended by the Dolloi of Jowai Elaka, Puramon Kynjing and the residents of Tuberkmaishnong.
On the same day, the logo of the tournament was launched by the President and General Secretary of the Union, Bah Neil Suting in the presence of Bah Nicholas JJ Nongkhlaw, Publicity & Media Secretary and the children. .
Shadap said that the central government has provided a subsidy of T.80,000 if a person buys an electric vehicle.
The school which has been left without maintenance by the education department is the Ummat Lakadong Government LP School, Lakadong.
It ended with the inauguration of the Full State of Meghalaya on 20 January 1972 at Polo Ground by Prime Minister Indira Gandhi.
“The request and understanding of the village is clear that if you feel that you can come into Laitumkhrah and do whatever you want, it will be your fault, it does not mean that we will listen and If we find it, we will punish it according to the rules of law,” said Bah Jyrwa.
Shillong: There have been 65 new cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills today, including 36 cases from Demseniong Cluster, 1 case from Golflinks Cluster and 4 cases from East Khasi Hills. high risk, 7 ILI cases, 1 from Lawsohtun cluster, 1 from Mawlai Mawiong cluster, 1 from Mawprem cluster, 2 from Nongrah cluster, 4 from Nongrim Hills cluster , one from the Rynjah cluster, one from the SARI case, and one from the Umpling cluster.
Chauhan said the happiness of the residents, peace and stability is essential for the economic development and growth of the state.
If Shillong is to be free from traffic jams, it should be well planned to have roads around it.
Mohan Bhagwat has never said this,” said Asaduddin Owaisi, speaking at a rally in Hyderabad, where he is an MP from the constituency.
The arrival of Sur Ka Bri U Hynniewtrep, in this place is like a Cock Badminton, because from Sadar to Mawlai and from Mawlai they say that the newly appointed IO or as an IO to look after the case of Subir Sangma, who is also the DSP of the Reserve Police, said that the action of the police is to delay and make it difficult for the people to forget.
Therefore, the people of the Hima, because they did not know their names, called themselves “Ka Syiemlieh” and “Ka Syiemïong” and it was through this call that there will be that Jait “Syiemlieh” and Jait. “Syiemïong” who formed the dynasty of the Maharam Hima to this day.
Speaking to reporters, KSU San Shnong Unit Secretary Pauldeep Tongwah said that the project for the Umit-Umsohphlang Water Shed has been allocated for 11 water sheds. These include Water Harvesting Structure, CC Dam, Half Moon Terraces, Afforestation, Loose Boulder Bund, Nursery, Hollow block making, Betel Nut Soaking Tank, Cattle Shed and Carpentry.
East Garo Hills District Cricket Association (MCC) has scored only 79 runs in the final semi-final of the U-19 Boys Inter District Cricket Tournament. East Garo Cricket Association (MCA) played against Shillong Cricket Association (MCA) in the first leg of the tournament at Salpara, Mendipathar. dedicated.
Nartiang, which is only 25 km from Jowai, is one of the villages of the Khasi-Pnar people, which has been celebrating the puja since ancient times which was also performed by the Syiem of Jaintia.
However, the respect for them is always there as leaders especially in those constituencies where they lead.
Therefore, the union requests the district authorities and especially the state government to take action to expedite the re-implementation of the Umiam petrol station to prepare for the problems that the state may face in the future. , he added.
For the people to understand better, read the book “The Shahrah Umsaw People”, “U Tngoh-kada”, “Beh i'u Kada Khlaw”, “The Slaves in the Country”, “The Congress in Khasi Hills Today” until now Where are you from?"
Earlier, there was a ban on liquor in the state since 20th June 1997, when the Mizoram Liquor Total Prohibition Act, 1995 was passed. The Mizoram Liquor (Prohibition and Control) Act, 2014 has reopened the sale of liquor on 16th October
He said that the group of four organizations in the coming days will hold protests on this issue and said that they will not send any more letters on this issue to the government because it is no longer a recent issue but a long-standing one.
Speaking to reporters, Samla Rangbah Bah Generous Paslein said that his main goal for the constituency is to improve the quality of education: to improve the government schools. To find ways and means to improve other schools, to find ways to appoint more teachers in schools that need teachers, to increase the number of classrooms, to look for ways to improve Upper primary to secondary, higher secondary schools and how to set up colleges in areas where they are most needed because without these facilities the residents of the constituency or the state will not reach anywhere.
Shillong, November 12 : The 3rd Meghalaya Open Softball Championship 2023 which started on Monday at Polo Ground and will be closed on Tuesday by the Minister of Sports, Sports and Youth Affairs, Shillong. It was very difficult especially when many of the players were not experienced in this kind of game.
Speaking as the chief guest, GH Bareh said that compared to the situation of women in Meghalaya, they are fortunate in many ways and have a special status.
He said if the Assam government is ready to help the contract teachers and SSA, why can't the Meghalaya government?
In East Khasi Hills, 15 health workers have been confirmed positive and 14 cases have been confirmed from outside the state.
It is difficult to say in terms of money, because even their salaries in the years before they were dismissed, the government has not paid them.
He said that for 15 years now, foreigners have used the Iewduh as their residence and when inquiring, he said that he has received information that these foreigners have been allowed to live in the Iewduh. the Ministers of the Mylliem Hima and the Syiem Police in which some of the Ministers and Police who have been released have retired from their posts.
The CAG report was submitted to the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday which is also the last day of the Synrai Dorbar.
“(A leader who doesn't have time to talk to you will not remain a leader),” Rahul said, announcing the tickets of the candidates to contest the Madhya Pradesh elections.
JOWAI: The Block Development Officer cum Chairman of the MSRLS, Bah F Basan has inaugurated the office of the MSRLS, Block Mission Management Unit, Laskein C&RD Block. in Laskein Block on 16th March.
Regarding the threat to the residents of the MDC Hostel, the CEM said that the Executive Committee will inform the State Government Department in charge of the dogs including the Shillong Municipal Board. they are lymwir in this city.
Ka khan means prayer and intercession"
“But remember that Mizoram has three District Councils, it has Article 371 G, they are just lies. to the people" he said.
Besides, all the Additional Deputy Commissioners, Extra Assistant Commissioners and BDOs have been transferred from one district to another.
In the semi-final, Mawlai beat Khliehmawlieh 1-0 at the PA Sangma Stadium in Tura.
Therefore, he urged both the political parties not to spread this minor incident in order to bring peace in Umsning and the state as a whole.
The three MLAs of the party, Adelbert Nongrum, Brightstarwell Marbaniang, Heavingstone Kharpran and Ardent Basaiawmoit, have to comply with the order. party.
The district authorities have also decided to close down these villages so that the doctors from the Veterinary Department can conduct a thorough investigation to find the diseased pigs in these villages.
“There is nothing on our part that this peace talks should not just end, it should continue and the door is still open," she said.
Kneel down before the Lord and say: Forgive, O Lord, my sins which I have committed; I repent of them with all my heart, and I firmly promise to turn away from sin and from all the ways that lead to sin.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Union of Village Authorities of Nongthymmai Pyllun, the Dorbar Shnong Madanryting, Umpling, Nongmensong and the Khasi Students Union Nongthymmai Circle and Shillong Mihngi Circle on Thursday sent a letter to the Chief Minister. Conrad Kongkal Sangma to comment on the arrival of ethnic refugees from Manipur to Shillong after the clashes and bloodshed between the Kuki and Meitei non-ethnic groups .
Sanbor has distributed the Discretionary Grant to 14 Church Committees including Khasi, Jaintia, Garo and Non-Tribal Christian Churches in the South Shillong Constituency through the Discretionary Grant for the year. 2023, so that they can prepare for Christmas & New Year in their churches and fellow believers.
Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh as the chief guest of the program said that if these 539 people who have contracted the disease meet together and come to ask how they got the disease, there will be to say that they got this disease because they used drugs in the past and some to say they got positive because they lived a short life and some to say that they got this disease There are many other reasons to tell and it is for these reasons that we must be disciplined in our lives so that we can get rid of this disease.
Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla handed over three ambulances to the Union of Village Authorities of Jowai and Mukhla and Ladthadlaboh on Tuesday.
At the same time, the AJCCTA strongly condemned the exploitation of the employees of the Amsarin Weighbridge by charging up to 1200 tyngka as a fee instead of 200 tyngka as stipulated by the government.
Elangbam Shantikumar Singh committed suicide at the Classic Grande Hotel.
Players like Aparna Narzary and Priyangka Naorem, have shown their skills from ball handling to playing style, in which they have attracted the attention of the National Selectors.
They also requested to follow the guidelines laid down by the government to prevent the spread of the disease and for the safety of all.
WA has also distributed more than $220,000 in cash prizes to more than 100 Ukrainian athletes in
What I as a resident cannot understand is that: When there is a shortage of water, the electricity distribution system will be introduced due to the shortage of electricity production. The rivers have turned into floods and filled with snow, which has caused the distribution of electricity to the residents of the state due to the excessive water levels.
A total of T.148.90 lakh has been released to the Community Quarantine Centers till 24th November,
His skills in the field will be able to further strengthen the services of the REC through him as a leader for the financial management.
“I attended the meeting because they invited me to deliver a speech as a chief guest on the celebration of Farmers' Day but it has nothing to do with politics because if other parties invite me, I am ready to give a speech. speak," said Mr. John.
Speaking to reporters, Samla Wadbor Nongphud expressed his concern over the use of the Syrnod of the village by these foreigners. knowledge of Your Sovereign.
“India is one of the largest countries in the world that is strong and can surpass China's population in the coming years,” he said.
“Do you think the people of the UDP will be willing to support Bah Ardent and seek help if necessary after winning the election? “It is your own decision to support me, how can I say that you want to support me? I am not as an advocate, but as a merciful one.
Kashish Sharma of St Anthony's HS School and Eleazer Lytep of St Edmund's HS School, Shillong received the award. , Kong WK ​​Blah said, “I am proud.
With this victory, Mookyndur will work again to challenge Khliehiongriang to compete for the title in the 2nd Division this season, the date of which will be announced later by the WJDSA.
Secretary to the Ministry of Education, Government of Meghalaya, Ambrose Ch.
The match on Thursday will be between Umphrup SC and Lumshyiap SC at 2:15 pm.
The SP said that Issei Sungoh was arrested by the East Jaintia Hills Police for involvement in the IED bomb blast at Khliehriat Police Reserve in that he had been granted bail by the Court.
Because the threat to the nation is not from any reason but from drugs because if the youth are involved in drugs we don't know what will happen to the nation and will there be anyone who will take the lead to protect it? to the nation.
Members and Secretary of VO Ieitlang Dkhar and others were also present.
Appealing to the ASHA workers to stop their strike and come to the negotiating table, the Minister said, “To demand your rights by abandoning your duties is impossible. faithful to receive.
“The remaining two, the office has not paid their salaries and they are staying only because they have worked for a long time,” he said.
He said the Government has announced that before June 2023, Garo will get more because it is a retrospective but they have promised to issue a new OM to implement the Roster prospectively.
They urged these athletes to work harder so that they can improve in their sports fields and be able to lead not only the District, but the State and the country. Ri spirit is the same.
KSU President Bah Thabah said that although there has been no power outage this year, this demand is only to ensure that there will be no power outage during the examination.
The hearing is scheduled for the 3rd of next month.
Regarding these two projects, he urged the VO to take good care of them so that it will benefit the SHGs as well as the people of the village as a whole.
He said that Rophul's death at the last moment would not work at all because it would be like water.
Construction began in 2020 and was completed in less than two years.
Neeraj Kumar, SDO Mahnar, said that the lack of tables and chairs for the students is because the school has enrolled too many students than they should have. “They will block the road to protest in front of the Block Education Officer,” he said.
“I am simply asking the government to create mechanisms to bring the unions to the negotiating table.
However, now there is a network known as Hynniewskum Cable TV Network where the people in the rural areas can also watch the Khasi news including other programmes.
Last year's champion Bengaluru FC have been included alongside Kerala Blasters and the 2019 champion Gokulam Kerala in Group-C, to be held in Kolkata.
Residents of Wagesik and Maliknoa in Baghmara, South Garo Hills have been in darkness for a month due to the non-functioning of the electricity distribution machine.
It is the duty of this MP to work hard to ensure that the 6th Schedule will be strengthened,” said the CoMSO leader. The purpose of the ILP is to protect the indigenous people from being overwhelmed by the foreigners in their own State.
In the second half, there was another clear instruction from the coaches of both the teams, which encouraged the players to improve their performance.
Of these ten elementary bodies, carbon comes from carbon dioxide, which is gas as previously shown; hydrogen and oxygen come from water, because water is made up of these two elements.
Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla was the chief guest in the presence of District Sports Officer Khroobok Passah, WJDSA Working President EMH Passah and WJDSA Vice President Patrick Lamare. principals and teachers from various schools in the District.
After the mid-term elections in Nongstoin, they said that Bah Pyniaid has started fighting against the party, by preaching against its leaders around the area. Pyniaid said that he feels that LG is still a member of the HSPDP and it is an honor for the HSPDP. Before taking the suspension decision, they said that they had asked for an explanation from Bah Pyniaid before the CEC members on the 4th of July. He said that he had left the CEC and said, “You decide as you decide there”.
At the same time, they wished him to continue to work harder for the needs of the people of the area and the Ranikor Constituency as a whole.
They shall also keep a record of the fund of the Development Council including the Cash Book, Received Book, Register of Income and Expenditure.
The Chief Minister also informed that the government has appointed Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and President of the UDP as the Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board (MSPB).
Therefore, for this match, the SSA will decide how to score or not to play again.
To monitor the border areas :- The government has turned a blind eye to the safety and security of the state residents living on the border.
The Act states that no one shall mine and process uranium in any area within the Navajo Indian Nation.
Shillong: The Rot Association of Meghalaya (RAM) has strongly condemned the posting of a student leader from Assam on one of its members. an.
Shillong, Nailur 05 : The Meghalaya Early Childhood Development Mission (MEDA) today held a special program to showcase how sports helps in the development of children.
Media reports said that although the meeting was not in the form of a meeting but what they said was just a sit-down or a party, it was said that at the Assembly Hall there was a meeting from within. Dr. Don has been removed from the post of President and there has been a question whether it is possible to do so and whether it is possible to bring in Bah Paul as the new President.
She was tired, exhausted and determined as long as possible.
How do I do it?.
Shillong, Nailur, 16: The Meghalaya Lower Primary School Teachers Association (MLPSCTA) has decided to hold a march on Thursday in front of the statue of Kiang Nongbah. The road near Shillong Civil Hospital has been blocked by the Magistrate and Police.
Speaking to media, the EM in charge of the Elaka Department, said that the social agreement of the government has been signed secretly without any consultation with the affected people. the rulers, raids and himas and even the district council which is in charge of the land in accordance with the powers conferred by the Constitution of India.
Four members of the group have been arrested from Ri Bhoi district.
East Garo Hills Police Chief Davis Nestell R Marak said police teams have been sent to collect the body and investigate the incident.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 31: Today, 31st June, is known as 'World No Tobacco Day' which aims to spread awareness on the harmful effects of smoking and smoking. WNTD was launched in 1987 by members of the World Health Organization (WHO) and this year's theme is “Tobacco: Treat our Environment”. ) which is in such a way that excessive use of tobacco affects health and the surrounding environment.
The prevention of Covid 19 is not only in the medicines but in your ability to take care of yourself in all aspects as the government has directed to all citizens.
As soon as they reached the KHADC grounds, they immediately went inside to look for the CEM, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem.
Chinese authorities and health officials have said the number of Covid cases in the country has risen and begun to increase again, especially from the new coronavirus that has begun to spread across the country. - around.
He said that during the illness, it is difficult to walk on this road than to walk on the crematoria and this has caused a lot of trouble to the people of Narpuh area.
The Government has also informed that the matter is now before the Cabinet and it will not take a decision on the Ordinance to be passed into law.
The roster of chess has been completed.
So they sent him to the house where the incident was.
The minimum price per metric tonne is
Shillong: The Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, has refused to appoint an Administrator in the Khasi District Council.
Currently in the legislature, there are very few MLAs in the opposition.
“Our thinking and actions will be based on the principles of democracy,” he said.
Such words are as follows: Thakur-barabor is known to be a Sanskrit and Hindi word which refers to the highest classes of society, but in fact it has been found to be a lower class. from the word 'Thawkur' which means a kind of godly parents who are related to the Meihukum for the heavenly realm of all creatures, and this word comes from the Khasi words 'thaw' and 'kur' which is similar to that which is called thawlang, which is strong and strong.
Shullai asked the Chief Executive Member of the District Council, T. Shiwat, regarding the NOC issued to M/s Star Cement Ltd to mine the coal mine at Brichyrnot East Jaintia Hills. The CEM has issued the NOC on April 13, 2011 for the renewal fee of Rs 15,000 per annum.
The invitation for applications is only for the 6 constituencies under KHADC except JHADC. However, out of the 6 constituencies, four have applied for tickets while the other two are Laban. -Mawprem and Mawthadraishan.
First of all, the VPP under the leadership of Bah Ardent M.Basaiawmoit has demanded from the government to amend the Reservation Policy.
Donbok said that after the union sought information and met with Bah E Kharmalki, it was found that the post of interview has been vacant since
Dedication and hard work have improved the quality of education in the state, he said.
They claim that their religion is better than that of others.
However, the closure of the company is on proper grounds and due to the disrespectful behavior of the management of the company towards the indigenous people.
The names of the selected girls in the U-14 category are: Felicita M. Rynjah, St Mary's High School, Katelyne Tyra Wahlang, Kyrsoilin Nongneng, Sacred Heart High School, Merabel P.Kharwanlang Umthli Sec School , Jesica Momin St Margret Higher Sec School, Risakmen Mary Syiemiong Loreto Convent, Marweiñ Synod Higher Sec School.
He said that the party wishes Bah Mayven T.Marbaniang and his family all the best and this will be an honor for the nation.
However, when we visited, we found that it was also necessary to build wells, drains, to install large water pipes and the construction was very extensive.
“If the VPP is a Khasi party, it will not be the case, but if the VPP is a West Bengal party, it will not be the case,” said Bah Pyniaid.
At the same time, the Union calls for the cooperation of the residents of the village not to spread the garbage without finding it, as the city of Jowai has been flooded by the Wah Myntdu which is the source of water supply.
In addition, the BFI has decided to hold a training camp next month in preparation for the Paris Olympics 2024, which will be held in Shillong. choose the range.
The MP was scheduled to leave for Muolmawi (Baruatilla) in Karimganj district of Assam to attend a meeting.
She said that due to the lack of action by the Government, the Union has not refused to issue the Wages Card which sets the wages of domestic workers which has been implemented across the state. the work in which domestic workers provide services to householders.
However, the district administration of East Khasi Hills has imposed a curfew from 9 PM to 5 AM in the city while in Mawkhar, Mission Compound, Jaiaw, Wahingdoh, Riatsamthiah, Umsohsun, Wahtahbru, Qualapaty and other areas. Mawprem and Cantonment have been postponed from 7AM to 6PM. On Saturday, the market has started to reopen as usual and also Motphran under the patrol of police in these areas.
A Pulsar Bike (As 02 G.0343) belonging to Jahangir (25) of Uttar Samarali, South Salmara, Assam was hit by a truck. Minarul Islam, 26, of Sukchar District, Dhubri Assam, was on his way to Garobadha.
Family members or anyone who has any contact information are requested to contact the District Child Protection Unit, Lachumiere, East Khasi Hills, Shillong or call
However, it also ordered the government to confiscate or close down and auction all the remaining coal after the end of the 15th of July.
The SP said that the man had lied to the Mawryngkneng police that his mother had died but this morning they were surprised that his mother had called the police.
On the other hand, the President of MPSO, Kong M.Wanniang and her brother, Bah John Syngkli, today gave their blessings to this young woman.
The Sordar Shnongs said that according to one of the English newspapers, the name of the MLA was not mentioned, but it was written that he is an MLA, but because the village falls under the in the Jirang Constituency led by Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, made them unable to just listen, but had to come out and explain to the public.
“There are many youths in the state, who have completed various courses and especially for those who have completed courses related to Khaii Pateng, where it would be better if they turn to this area for jobs. Trade, even the District Council will give its full encouragement and support, so that the Khasi can improve in the field of trade,” said Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem.
During the budget presentation, the Minister expressed his commitment to transform Meghalaya into one of the leading states in the next 40 years.
Shillong: Only one candidate has applied for ticket from the BJP to contest from Ampati constituency in the mid-term elections to be held on the 28th of this month. Bakul Ch Hajong has won the election.
Even if foreign markets cannot be opened, the government should have set up factories to produce food products from Meghalaya.
In the second half, Lajong once again continued to dominate the game and in the 51st minute, Lajong scored the second goal. Renan Pau was surprised.
The Assistant Commissioner of Food Safety, Kong DBS Mukhim, said that there are more than 1,000 street vendors who have registered at the office.
According to relatives, Bah Scott, husband of Kong Elvirial Nongkynrih, passed away at his home in the city.
The goalkeeper of Mawlai at this time could not prevent the goal and Khliehmawlieh to win.
“I am surprised why the KHADC has spent crores of rupees when I was an MDC at that time when I was in the opposition I knew only T.50 lakh but I am proud of the villages in Jaiaw which did not work. “It's a shame to take the money if the work is not done,” he said.
Even after the coal mining industry has been slightly restricted, the mining industry has been illegal, which means that the government has not collected any revenue at all, because the payment of taxes on coal goes to non-governmental organizations or to individuals and groups.
KSU Nongthliew Circle has organized this tournament to encourage and develop the children, youth who have talent in sports and also to avoid the part-time dropout of school children. .
Three hours after the closure, both the factories have signed a letter of demand.
Through this road, it will help in the transportation of agricultural products and will also promote tourism in these border areas.
Stalls were also set up to showcase the working methods of government departments from Health, Election, Education, Fishery, AH& Veterinary, One Stop Centre, Common Service Centre, Agriculture. and other government agencies.
The President of the CSWO, Kong Agnes Kharshiing, has lodged a complaint with the Governor against the corruption of the MLAs/MDCs and should remove them according to the Rule of KHADC and JHADC under Rule 17 (1) (a). ) of the Constitution of Assam and Meghalaya Autonomous District Councils Rules, 1951 which has been incorporated into the Constitution under Article 191 (1) (A).
Handing over the petition to Bah Tynsong, the president of the Seng said, “We demand that the relevant authorities of the state government should take immediate action. to expel these illegal immigrants and to immediately demolish the illegally built houses.
All the companies, construction sites of government and private buildings have stopped working due to the shortage of shyiap. The Union has not released only 10 vehicles of shyiap. It has accepted that the shyiap from West Khasi Hills should remain only in the West and if it is sent into East Khasi Hills, it will be held in the West Khasi Hills. bag that lap.
The union demands that the contractor who has agreed to implement the transformer should speed up the work.
Nongpoh, July 11: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi District today expressed its regret over the absence of a full time Block Development Officer in Umsning C&RD Block. jam especially in relation to money.
Nagaland has 10 seats and Sikkim has 18 seats.
Shillong, March 29: Former Mawlai MLA Bah SD Khongwir in a statement urged the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma to invite the Sengbhalang to the table of dialogue. the best way to reach a consensus.
However, media reports said that the first step that the HSPDP leaders will take is to force these two leaders to withdraw their support to the PDF. The HSPDP has won, but if there is a conflict, it is understood that the HSPDP will win on both sides.
On the other hand, the Seng said that it will be difficult for foreigners to learn Khasi or Garo within a year and on that basis as this bank operates in rural areas.
She said that her victory will encourage her to contribute to the people of the state especially the women in the state.
There are at least four types of fertilizers that contain this nitrogen, and when applied to the soil they increase the nitrogen and thus fertilize the soil.
On the 27th of October, two contractors were shot dead by unidentified robbers in Ichamati.
He said this while speaking at the meeting to revive and revive the BCC of the East Shillong Constituency on Saturday.
The FSL in Meghalaya has been severely affected by the lack of adequate equipment to conduct the examination of many jobs.
To see the benefits of the collaboration, 15 Collective Marketing Centers (CMCs) have been set up with more than Rs 4 crore as free loans and more than Rs 3.3 crore as grants to improve the farmland, the provision of equipment and assistance to farmers.
“We have explained to them on this issue and feel that we should explain to them.
The Government of Meghalaya has always confirmed to refer to the maps issued in the past in the works we have done.
The committee was set up on the directive of the Chief Minister – Zoramthanga.
Dr.H Uriah said on the upgradation of HWCs and the government's aim is to provide adequate services to the residents as well as to educate on health.
It has recognized and appointed a person who has opposition and this has been done only to disrupt the affairs of the village and it has not been done according to the rules or constitution which means in the election of the winning leaders. They are the most paid and there are no leaders who cannot sit on the throne with the least paid.
He urged the people to encourage and support Bah Pynshailang by buying and reading these books which will also benefit them.
“If we look at winning the seat (Shillong)...more than 3 lakh voters have voted for the NPP. That's what is needed,” he said. For the NPP, we will see the result.
He was also the player who led the SSA to the MFA title, Sr.
Meanwhile, regarding the storm which has happened in the villages of Jirang area, where the people have once again had to suffer, from the cold weather which has damaged not only the villages. houses, but also the vegetation in the area.
At this meeting, Bah Justine Dkhar also announced to his supporters that due to his lack of health, he has had to resign from the 2023 elections. Justine asked for their decision in which his supporters also urged and requested him to He also agreed to support Bah Kyrmen Shylla in the 2023 MLA election.
Ukraine's defense ministry says 10,000 Russian troops have been killed since yesterday, the first day of the war. Most of its troops were killed in the fighting in Bilovodsk, Luhansk, eastern Ukraine.
It is not right to count the tyrud ka smer because the soul of the deceased, the injured, the tyrud, the smer, follows us.
He said that many of the projects have been implemented in the villages and therefore it is necessary to fill the vacant posts by the state residents so that the projects can be successful with the cooperation of the residents. locals are the ones who know the local conditions better.
According to Section 41 of the Land Acquisition, Rehabilitation and Resettlement Act, 2013, the Government, when acquiring land in the Tribal Areas of Meghalaya, must seek permission from the land owners, the District Council and the The District Council has to seek permission from the Hima, Raid and Village before issuing it,” said the statement.
Even those who are high ranked are still applying for the post of LD,” said Bah Ronnie.
Speaking on Madan Rting, the village where such incidents occur, the SP Crime said that the large number of people in the village has led to the occurrence of such cases. village to prevent and control all kinds of crimes from happening in the village.
Mukul Sangma is new to the party, so when he thinks short, he acts short.
The cases to be brought before the National Lok Adalat include Bank Recovery Cases, Bakijia Cases, Criminal Compoundable Cases, Electricity Bill (excluding Non-compoundable cases), Labor disputes cases, Land Acquisition cases, MACT cases, Matrimonial Cases, Negotiable Instrument Act cases u/s 138, Civil Cases, Consumer Dispute Cases, Revenue Cases, Water bills and others.
Then the MLA/Minister appoints government employees to serve the people.
However, little has been seen in the involvement of banks in relation to society in terms of improving their services to the public especially those working in the business sector.
Tomorrow the match will be between Shangpung Moosyiem and Dulong at 2:30 pm.
The meeting was attended by the Sordar and Secretary of Mawmaram, the Sordar of Sohphoh Pyrton, the Sordar of Kyllang Jasap. , the Sordar of Mawtap Pyllun, the Lyngdoh of Sohiong, Bah Bashemphang Thabah and members of the KSU, Mawmaram who expressed their strong opposition to the proposal to sell the land to the army.
Nigeria have three points while Argentina and Iceland have 10 points each.
The three candidates selected by the UPSC are Mukesh Agarwal, KV Singh Deo and L Ram Bishnoi.
At this meeting, the union has submitted a petition to these senior leaders of the area, regarding their opposition to the state government's decision to turn Ribhoi area into a garbage dump. you can visit the Empty Casino.
From this estimate, 32 lakh tonnes of coal, which is still to be sold, so at the price of money, if we calculate T.5,000 per metric tonne, it will reach T.1,500 crore, which remains in parks throughout the State.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Leader of the National People's Party (NPP), today led 15 MDCs before the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik. GHDC) and demanded from the Governor, for the formation of a new Executive Committee in the Council.
It was seen that the government has already provided electricity to provide lighting whether it is inside the house or the lights that are generated by the heat of the sun.
Regarding this incident, she urged the government to think of new plans to protect the people of the area especially in West Garo Hills which has been a flood prone area.
On the other hand, Pastor Phawa said that it is necessary to explain this belief which leads to error.
The Meghalaya Pay Commission (MPC) is a commission set up once every 10 years to review the eligibility of government employees for salary increase, TA/DA and others, according to the passage of time and and to learn about the Rules & Procedures to be followed by government employees in accordance with the recommendations of the State Commission.
Children from other districts near Tura, such as Williamnagar, Baghmara and Resulbelpara also attended the one-day inspection.
Conrad said that this decision will also help in alleviating the problem of students not being able to attend classes in various colleges.
“We want to punish those involved in this case,” said the Deputy Director.
Participants selected through the MyGov competitions will receive a Certificate of Appreciation and a special Pariksha Pe Charcha including the book Exam Warriors, written by the Prime Minister.
Shillong, Nailur 10 : BSF Meghalaya on Tuesday in collaboration with the State Police seized a large quantity of drugs, clothes and photographs worth about 88 lakh tyngka from those who intended to smuggle drugs. The smuggling of illegal drugs into Bangladesh is located in South West Khasi Hills.
“At this meeting, it was decided that from now on, there should be no more such smuggling in Ïewduh whether it is for any farmer and they should follow this order of the Hima Mylliem,” said the CEM.
On the other hand, the VDP leaders have urged and informed the neighboring villages and far away if anyone has lost a cow, please come and see these cows and if they really belong to them, they can take them away.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The BJYM Meghalaya on Tuesday said that the allegation against former Governor V Shanmuganathan of raping a woman and the employees of Raj Bhavan, Shillong is still under investigation. public to date.
To deeply condole the loss of precious souls, the FKJGP Garo Hills Zone, requests everyone that on the 23rd November 2022, the day of darkness, to put up flags as a sign of condemnation to the Assam police.
The following are the names of the candidates in the 55 constituencies.
It is learned that the Garo people have come out to protest, but the government has not listened.
These three organizations want to be the mediators between the government and the land owners, in order to bring benefits in relation to the border of the country and the people. Those affected by the signboard will meet with the leaders of the two parties to move forward to resolve the issue.
Shillong, Nailur 8: Former UDP leader Hamlet Dohling, who has recently resigned from the party, said that the UDP has deceived him just like UCIL deceived him during the uranium mining in
“When we go abroad, people don't know us or nobody knows us and this has made us feel uncomfortable,” said Rijiju, who is from Arunachal Pradesh.
The pledge was also read out by the Assistant Manager of Environment Management, Niwancy Bareh from the Community Led Landscape Management Project (CLLMP) office.
Regarding the issue of road 2 lane Nongstoin Rambrai Kyrshai which is part of the SARDP scheme, the MLA said that the scheme is now progressing to provide the necessary documents. Holtec, which has agreed to do the DPR, has already submitted the DPR to the PWD Nongstoin department.
trust@gmail.com or phone/message at
Arvind Rana, President of the Association of India, said that Meghalaya is one of the states which has violated the provisions of the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) and the Right to Education (RTE) Act, due to the lack of appointment of SSA teachers as full time government teachers.
He said that even in the Mining Policy of the state, it has not banned the mining of coal but the ban by the NGT has affected the people especially the poor.
After receiving feedback from many on the application JioCinema which has been able to broadcast all the matches on mobile phones since the start of IPL 2023, Disney+ Hotstar has now decided to broadcast it. Asia Cup & ICC Men's Cricket World Cup free of charge for the public to watch all the matches on their mobile phones without having to register and to pay the company for their services.
Although its neighboring countries are larger and more populous and try to invade Israel many times, they are always defeated and the main reason is that Israel's trade is you are strong.
Speaking on the involvement of HITO in the burning of tyngshops, HSPDP MLAs Shakliar Warjri and Methodios Dkhar said that the party itself did not intend to burn tyngshops but it went to take part. “We are pleased to see that the President of the HSPDP, Bah KP Panñiang, has said that the HSPDP MLAs will support the non-NPP-BJP government. “If this group has the number to form a government, he will take responsibility to bring the MLA of his party to that group,” he said.
She said that the baby inside the womb is 7 months old.
On 27th June, the polling was completed in 59 out of 60 constituencies.
They said that in fact, since the arrest of Arphul Kharbani President and Garbriel Sohlang Finance Secretary, HANM West Khasi Hills District has been on a steady path to release them. The government has shown the authority to prosecute their leaders according to the MPDA Act. Therefore, the union cannot refuse to hold a protest because we don't have any other option. We invite the people of West Khasi Hills District and all our compatriots to join hands in the protest programs of the party. to protest against the violence of the DC, said these leaders.
To strengthen the association, the leaders of the association have decided to form a new circle, known as the Ri-Bhoi Fishery Association, Patharkhmah Circle.
Shillong, March 23: According to the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act 1997, the Khasi Seng Kmie Mawkhar, has authorized the Khasi Hills District (KHADC) to register a new lineage for the Khasi men. only those who are not Khasi.
Hek said that most of the people who have returned to the state are those who have Covid-19 which has led to the increase in the number of cases in the state. You don't have to worry about buying medicines from any company.
He said the people have understood that it is only through the MP that the people understand that he can speak in parliament.
Jowai, Naitung 03: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) in collaboration with the FKJGP West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday held a public meeting regarding the power outage in War-Jaintia Circle. Padubah Village, Amlarem Sub-Division, West Jaintia Hills District, has been under construction for less than 2 months since 16-05-2
The MMMCR rules include the preparation of a mining plan, environment clearance, pollution clearance under the Air and Water Acts and permission from the District Council.
This also includes the soh ki pai produced in our state.
After looking into the situation in Nongtrai, the union has decided to demand for Umsohpieng PHC instead of Umsohpieng Sub-Centre according to the needs of 30 villages. the villages of the Centre.
The troops immediately arrested the suspects and seized vehicles, cows worth T. 2,78,200, mobile phones, Indian currency and other items.
He is a recent celebrity in the area after his participation in the event.
ATP Bedi requested the residents to seek permission and check with the Civic Body officials if they intend to build houses or other buildings and to follow the rules. the rules are set.
Because of this opposition is not only for coal but also for preventing the spread of this disease.
He said that he has great hope that the NPP will be the only party to rule the state in the coming term.
L Sangma Addl SP, together with Bah L Kharsyntiew SI, today raided the Jaintia Cement Bazaar and arrested four contractors. Prakash Basumatary, Jogan Boro, Danswar Narzary and Ram Kumar Rai are the coal miners from Lelad.
Shillong, March 8: Two persons were killed and six others injured when a Bolero collided with another vehicle at Lewlynen near Kongthong-Khad-ar village.
Then I asked again, 'What if your children marry Hindus or Muslims?' He replied, 'If my children marry Hindus or Muslims, I am happy because they can be converted to Christianity. but the Roman and the Fellowship cannot be converted to Christianity.
Sangma said that in the implementation of the road there are many problems they face including the relocation of land, the taking of land from the people and especially the large number of vehicles passing through the area.
In the opinion of some scholars, it has been said that the name Khasi is not worthy of the nation.
The KSU has questioned why these foreigners are allowed to walk freely without any restrictions.
The father and mother were government employees, although it was not a high position, but it was a source of strength and constant struggle.
The reason given by them is that due to the arrival of the President, there is a curfew and the closure of vehicles, so the food arrives late.
“But looking at the situation in this country, this cannot happen.
The new guidelines issued today are based on the feedback received from the States and UTs, and a thorough consultation with the Central Government Departments and other Departments.
Meghalaya beat Chhattisgarh by 250 runs in the innings.
Shillong, Lber 07: U Minister of Transport, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that SPTS vehicles are exempt from paying tax to the government as these vehicles are operated by the government.
The village administration of Lawse was run by the village of Nongstoin from its inception (1933) to 1950 and since 1951 the village has been self-governing under the leadership of the Sordar and the Executive Committee.
For that 1000 years, John tells us that he saw a vision, saying – “I saw a new heaven and a new earth, the first heaven and the first earth (which is now), they passed away, and the sea was no more” Revelation 21:11; Isaiah 65:1
The Seng expresses its regret over the sleepless nights of our Nongmihkhat in War Jaintia because even until now they have not had any opportunity to provide assistance to the people of the area.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Onbor, President of Seng Samla who explained how they formed the group on the theme, “With cooperation, we can do more.
The CSWO found this out during a visit to the government food testing center at Pasteur Institute Shillong.
If the native state is strong, the March Flag is carried by the army, and the foreigners are fully protected.
The government has claimed that it will produce more electricity but the truth is not like that.
Secretary – Kit Phawa, Treasurer – Kamwakwah Papiah, Football Secretary – Embolden Phawa.
He said that the purpose of opening this center is to assist the farmers in promoting and marketing the products produced by the farmers of Jaintia Hills.
He said that the Agriculture and Veterinary department should be put forward so that they can help improve the society.
The arrested include the Chairman, the Commander-in-Chief, the General Secretary, the Area Commander of West Khasi Hills, the Area Commander of Jaintia Hills, the Registrar and the Registrar and three others.
When asked whether the Indian government will comply with their demand, he said any demand takes time to be received.
Regarding the offering of sacrifice to Goddess Durga during the Puja at her Temple in Nartiang, in the past, the sacrifice was offered by the heads of the people but when the French came to rule not only the Jaintiapur Hima but also the Other kingdoms also forbade the sacrifice of human beings, but later the Blang Sohmoh offered to sacrifice.
DRI officials also arrested a Nigerian who came to collect the drugs at a hotel in Mumbai.
“The participation and enthusiasm of the members of the Shillong Sports Association that even while the preparation of the stadium is underway, they have not raised any objection to the playing of both the stadiums. We are very grateful to you all as members who don't have words to express, but we pray that God will bless you and that you will continue to bless even the future generations. still coming," he said.
He said that Bah Shangpliang had urged the government to send it to Mawsynram so that it would be a Christmas gift to the people.
Three PWDs have been appointed as Resource Teachers in the districts of East Garo Hills, West Garo Hills and South Garo Hills in the SSA while 50 PWDs have been appointed in various government departments.
The Lokayukta Act now allows for the appointment of only one Lokayukta and only retired IAS officers.
The union said that this authorization of the BSF to set up camps at will shows that the Indian government is underestimating and destroying the Jaidbynriew and the union requested the state government to do so. On the other hand, the BSF has promised not to harass the people who come and go to the border areas and to immediately stop the search operations in the border areas. Imphal: The Congress party has alleged that two political parties from Manipur, Amlarem area and inside the village, are They have almost become like the RSS and the Bajrang Dal to spread intimidation and unrest in the state.
Proposals for the PMRBP Award will be accepted only on the online portal set up for this purpose.
It was not the Christian churches that united the nation, because the traditional believers were still growing, and Hinduism and Muslims were rapidly spreading.
The time passed quickly and the night came, and both the elderly father and mother of Lydia came home.
This was informed by the Secretary to the Home Department (Police) of the State Government.
In the Under-17 category, Lutituber Ialong beat Lumpariat 1-0
The structure of biopesticides derived from other living organisms that can kill plant diseases (bio-pesticides) which contain living organisms such as Pseudomonas flurescens, Bacillus spp.
The Minister of Social Welfare , Bah Paul , said that the delay in the investigation into the case is due to the lack of cooperation with the Assam Police , who allegedly incident you are accused of corruption.
The body was found about 9 kilometers away from the place where he was lost or carried away by the river in the past six months.
Finally, obey the advice of your parents, for they know better than you do about your future.
Shillong, Naiwieng 3: The National People's Party (NPP) has agreed that more MLAs from other political parties will join the party and not only from the Congress party, but from other political parties. they are also spirit.
“The thinkers and intellectuals of the Khasi Authors Society (KAS), such as Bahduh RS Lyngdoh, former Speaker of the Assembly, Bah HW Sten, Bah Webster Davis Jyrwa who have passed away and others who are still alive. Dr. BR Kharlukhi, Dr. Helen Giri and others who have been pioneers; Dr.D.RL.Nonglait and the KAS group, I don't know how many will leave sooner and how many will stay longer and how many will remain in the Khasi language. suin, is a matter that needs to be considered by the KAS, which has taken over this responsibility, which belongs to the people of the nation.
Mukhla Umlangchor vs. Loompyrdi Ïongpiah at 12.00 pm.
The Principal agreed to give adequate marks to the students who sat for the examination and said that the teachers of the Morning Shift will receive their salaries soon.
“For many years he did not call the Dorbar.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The SNSBH today met with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem. to take action to implement the Village Administration Bill (VAB) which is currently pending in the Ministry of Home Affairs.
The Open To All Cricket Tournament was organized by the West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association on Saturday.
Passport.
“In Meghalaya, there is no killing of girls, and women are highly respected, even in the giving of wealth, caste,” he said.
Hundreds of households have lost their homes and many electrical wires have been destroyed by the storm.
The Cherry Blossom Festival 2023 will be held in Ri Bhoi District at Kurkalang Bhoirymbong Football Ground from 17th November to 19th November
“The implementation of 'Odd and Even' traffic management has been a challenge. We have to listen to the voice and opinion of the people, but we are still working in this direction and recently we held a meeting. and the Deputy Commissioner,” said Ma Sniawbha.
KHNAM urges the Government especially the Minister in charge of Home Affairs to order the police to arrest the owners of these shops first to find out the facts as such incidents cannot be known. The purpose behind these foreigners especially those who benefit from shop floods because they have already insured their shops.
“We demand that the Reservation Policy should be reviewed which has affected our Khasi Pnar people.
Marwein said that the residents of this village have suffered because this is a village which produces a lot of coal.
“To demand ILP does not mean to oppose anyone but to protect our own people,” said Bah Pyndap.
Replying to the speech of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, who is also the leader of the National People's Party (NPP), the KHNAM said that if you look at the speech of Prestone Tynsong, It would be appropriate to abolish the MLA scheme, in which all development works should go through the working group of Block Development Officers (BDOs) and district authorities. The methods of implementation shall be adequate and shall be completed on time and accurately.
The equipment has already been delivered and what remains is to appoint the staff.
During the visit of the Union Minister of State for Child Development in Ri Bhoi, a meeting was also held with all the senior officers from various government departments in Ri Bhoi including the leaders of NEEPCO and MeECL as he is the Minister of State for Electricity in India.
As a sign of mutual respect, the BSF Meghalaya distributed food and fruits to the Bangladesh Border Guard of Bangladesh along the Meghalaya-Bangladesh border.
The Adviser of the group, Bah KL Pariat, said that the state government has put forward the proposal to demand that the honorarium should not be paid only for 10 months, but should be paid in full. 12 months.
God said, “This is my covenant with them (Israel). when God through His Son, Jesus Christ, will come out of Zion (Jerusalem) and take away the sins of Israel, and that is God's covenant between Israel.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) candidate Synshar Kupar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah has won the Sohiong constituency election with 16,679 votes. The second candidate belonged to the NPP, Bah Samlin Malngiang with 13,257 votes.
Shillong: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, while briefing on the review meeting held today, said that the state government has not yet said anything on the release of vehicles to operate within the East Khasi Hills District.
During the meeting, he spoke about the access of GNLA, ULFA, HNLC, NDFB, NLFT to enter Bangladesh and other illegal trade activities to Bangladesh such as cattle smuggling and others.
And if their lies are still better than our truth, only the voters can decide but if our truth stands, the voters will support us,” he added.
Jowai, Jymmang 29: The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has invited teams for the 5th U Debo Shullai Tournament. Memorial Trophy’, 2nd Division Football League Tournament-2022.
These villages belong to Goalpara and Kamrup districts of Assam.
Looking at the match between these two teams, it was witnessed that the match was more difficult as both the teams came with the preparation.
The result will be announced six months after the counting of points.
When God created mankind on this earth, He gave them laws that all men and women must obey.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Lyngpungdama Sports Social Welfare and Culture Club, Nohwet will hold a panur festival on the 16th of June at Nohwet village, Pynurlsa.
The Head of Government today said that foreign workers around Garo Hills have continued to flee today, especially those from Assam due to fear after the incident.
The State Government has been in constant talks with the students in Manipur to assess the situation in the area and to provide them with all the necessary assistance so that they can return safely to the State.
Nongpoh: The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma and the Deputy Chief Minister, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday visited Umtyrnga village in Ri Bhoi district. The residents of the area have sent several petitions to these leaders of the state government.
Tympew leaves are rich in nutrients and are good to eat.
Lamare Sports Club won the title by beating Mawkyrwat Sports Association 4-2 goals.
“However, we don't want to discuss this because the prime minister is just spreading something that is not true,” said the president of the BJP. Shillong, June 7: As usual in the past years, The registration of voters and the hearing of complaints in Shella and Sohra was done by the BDO of the Block, in Sohra it used to be done by the BDO of Sohra while in Shella it was done by the BDO of Sohra. The registration of voters in Sohra and Shella has started at the office of the SDO (Civil) Sohra Civil Sub Division.
I don't want to be working hard, I don't want to be slow or slow.
In 2018, the MP elections were held and now in 2023...the MP elections will be held in
While Saul was persecuting God's people in Jerusalem and Damascus, but as soon as he got near Damascus, God appeared to him in a vision.
“If the Cabinet is willing to say so and if the Government of India does not agree, we understand the Government's concern, but if they do not appear in the documents, just speak in the streets, speak publicly or “I don't have to go to Delhi for other purposes, not for this purpose, so the people should understand,” said Dr Nonglait.
Not only that in terms of IT Mission, Meghalaya has been one of the states compared to other countries of the world like China, Singapore, London, UK and has a goal to compete with these countries. .
In a statement, Raju said that there has been an allegation from the people that these bodies were shot dead by the police, soldiers or ANLA members. Two of them were actively involved in the recent ANLA protests in Garo Hills.
“As the people, when we elect our leaders, elect leaders who have a real vision for the country and the nation,” he said.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today informed the House that the government has allocated T.25,36,91,500 for the payment of the monthly salary of ASHAs for the year. 2018-19.
AIM Meghalaya also invites all the residents who are concerned about the future of the country and the nation to come forward on this day. including government employees, self-employed, school children, day laborers and farmers, by standing against and stand against this oppression and violence through the government authorities and do not allow any attempt to introduce slavery in your own State.
The HYC wants to see that the villages and lands of the Khasi Pnar Hima/Elaka should fall under Meghalaya, so that the border settlement will be peaceful and happy for the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep,” said the statement. Nongpoh: The two Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam, today held a meeting in Guwahati to discuss the proposal to start the demarcation of the border. those remaining areas, the border dispute between the villages in Meghalaya and Assam.
“Our struggle will continue inside and outside the House against the land amendment,” Ramesh told reporters in Delhi.
Let us create our own destruction by our own actions and not sin against others.
especially in Meghalaya.
Referring to King Wickliff, he said that until now we are not full Indians but we have been forced with guns to become Indians.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Titosstarwell Chyne, said that the Council has set up a Social Committee to examine the demand of the women's group to be allowed to participate in the Dorbar Shnong.
Dkhar.
But that's the same thing.
NEHUTA, NEHUNSA and NEHUSU under the leadership of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) have expressed their readiness to talk to the Vice-Chancellor of NEHU, Prof PS Shukla on their demands. Technical Officer and Senior Consultant of the University.
The four arrested are John T Sangma, alias June (18), Simple M Sangma, 22, of Chambugong, Jerean Jeangku A Sangma, 20, of Chambugong. Daringa and another 15-year-old from Rongasigre.
Batskhem Ryntathiang and his office bearers were welcomed by the Minister of State and MP candidate Ampareen Lyngdoh, State Working President Hamletson Dohling, NPP leaders and office bearers. On the other hand, Bah Batskhem Ryntathiang said that the decision to leave the Congress party is due to the changing times and the needs in the constituency.
However, it was only in the 26th minute that Lalremruati scored through a long ball before Sandra BN scored in the 28th minute.
The availability and availability of good and adequate roads cannot be ignored as they are the means to accelerate economic growth and trade as roads are indeed the source of income and growth. the park of the people.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Meghalaya Games 2022 Basketball Tournament 2022 has reached the semi-finals and the match will be played tomorrow (04-05-2022) at the Indoor Stadium at NEIGRIHMS. Football, Boxing, Taekwondo, Weightlifting, Badminton, Tennis, Shooting and Archery.
The Minister said this while opening the International Seminar on Attracting Best Talents in Basic Sciences.
In the incident, while other pilgrims were thrown into the water, others drowned after jumping into the water.
United XI beat Royal CC by 73 runs in the final of the Shillong Cricket League Super Division tournament played at the JN Stadium. Polo is not Ar.
According to the statement, the meeting was held after NESA decided to send a team to inspect and listen to the problems in the state as there are two groups in the state. states that have qualified to send athletes to the NE Games.
The shops selling musical instruments have started to attract more and more musicians, men and women, the musicians have started to sound jam and sound from the shops selling cassettes and woofers or other equipment. Sound tape.
The shyieng, too, if it is tasty, is good to give.
The prizes were awarded to both the teams in the presence of Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Sports, Lambor Malngiang, MLA Nongkrem, Pynshongdor L Nongbri, Sordar of Smit, Representatives of Amrit Cement Company, Village Leaders from various Dorbar Shnongs and others.
The Prime Minister will spend the night at the Governor's residence and on the 28th morning, he will visit Mawlynnong or Sohra and from there he will return to Delhi.
He said that during the discussion, the District Councils have also issued a statement to implement the byelaws even in the rural areas especially when Meghalaya is an earthquake prone area, so that the construction of the byelaws can be improved. and the house shall be strong and secure.
I feel that I am only Kada, but now I feel that in the police department there are still some policemen who have the brain of a pig and it is such people who spread the whole group. .
We urge you to pass a law to protect the country and not to knieh shuki.
Khasi (Mawet), Gro, Boro, Nepali, Naga and other ethnic groups expressed their happiness to be within the border of Meghalaya as usual. They are concerned that even though they have expressed their opposition to being transferred to Assam, no one has listened to their voice that they have been neglected and without anyone helping them even if they want to be in Assam. in the state of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the union will not allow other ethnic groups to earn their living from Nongstoiñ, because it will be like a knieh noh income of the indigenous people especially in Nongstoiñ where the people used to buy from their neighbours. for the blood of the nation shall rise.
All residents are requested to refrain from accepting money or other donations, and if anyone offers money or receives information that there are incidents of intimidation or intimidation of voters, The Complaint Monitoring Cell of the district should be informed by calling the toll free number 1950 which is free of charge at any time.
ASHAs need to receive more training on these.
It used to be really education to get a job and it really is.
Here, there is again unfairness in schools.
Shillong: The Cabinet meeting today approved the extension of the age of appointment in state government offices.
Trying to understand the story, the lead actress Sweety Jane Pala said, “This is a story about personal experience in different aspects of humanity, whether urban or rural, and how meeting different people in life can give a better understanding of what it means to live.
Everyone can see the western disasters that have happened and have resulted from such freedoms today.
About 200 youths and most of them are students.
“The meeting was fruitful, in which the political parties expressed that it is time to move forward to resolve this issue,” he said.
Four of them, including two junior engineers and two housekeepers, who lost their lives in the flood today.
Investigation in this regard is ongoing," another police official added.
Speaking at the awards ceremony, the Honorary Secretary of the MCA, Bah Gideon Kharkongor, congratulated the players who have played well and urged them to continue to use their talents.
He said that the Directorate of Mineral Resources should also receive money from the minerals, minerals and other mineral resources and they should be responsible for this as at present this sector is run by the Ministry of Mineral Resources. government Forest Department.
When I composed this song, I didn't mean to ignore the song “Ri Khasi Ri Khasi”, but I wanted to show that we too have a song called Ri Lyngngam.
Donald said this at the confirmation and swearing-in ceremony of the new executive committee of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle at Moopyut Unit on the 2nd of this month.
"“As the Government and the National People's Party (NPP) we stand firm on the ground that we want to move forward with the peace talks with the illegally registered armed groups and we want to see that there should be However, I cannot elaborate on this issue as it falls under the jurisdiction of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. The NPP stands firm on the ground to advise the government to move forward with the peace talks,” she said.
When asked, Pala said there was no difference of opinion between him and Mukul Sangma.
The father was able to rescue only the two sons while the other two were trampled to the ground.
Regarding the search for the ksiang, the Peitngor Group and CSWO suggest to the government that as proposed by Rev PBM Basaiawmoit, it is ready to talk to both sides, between the government and the HNLC. , therefore, without delay, the government should appoint this rangbah, who is mentally fit to be that ksiang, so that the work will go smoothly and faster.
Martin M Danggo, Minister in charge of PWD and MLA of Mawshynrut, on Tuesday said that the Mawshynrut Administrative Unit has been upgraded to a Civil Sub Division. Ranikor should not be upgraded to an Administrative Unit.
On Tuesday night, a heavy clash broke out between members of KSU Amlarem and BSF troops of Muktapur BOP who have been patrolling and setting up a base in Amlarem for several days.
In this regard, these policemen who have not yet received their salaries, urged the Treasury Department to expedite the release of their salaries and at the same time. They also urged the department to ensure that the salaries are released at the same time to all the employees and if it is delayed, it should be delayed for all.
In this regard, the union has also met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, A. Baranwal to take action against the department so that it can provide full service to the area.
Mawlai SC beat Ryntih SC 5-0 in this match. Researchers have suggested that Vitamin B3 could be a new weapon in the fight against those who US researchers have found that vitamin B3, also known as nicotinamide, strengthens the function of immune cells. disease) to kill Staphylococcus bacteria.
Regarding the petition, the Ri Bhoi Dorbar has submitted to the MP of the Rajya Sabha, on the grounds that the office bearers of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar, have the intention to build the Ri Bhoi Dorbar National. Dorbar Hall, which will be built in the style of the ancient buildings and which can be used in many ways, so on this project of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar, it is expected that the cost will be enough. to T.18 crore.
Shillong: The Umsyiem Dorbar Shnong, Umsyiem, has expressed its gratitude to Bah Olando Kongwang, Elder of the Village and Tymmen Basan of the Presbyterian Church, Umsyiem, for his kindness. They have distributed food items and vegetables to all the households of Umsyiem Village in the past two days.
Shillong: MeECL employees are preparing to hold a protest against the actions of MeECL management regarding their salaries in November this year. that it has not been paid for yet.
“I, Wom Shyrmang (Chairman of the school) after receiving information about the incident, came to the school to stop the incident”.
One of the wallets was owned by Mohin Suchiang.
Now I want the case to be handed over to someone who has nothing to do with my father,” said Deviani Singh.
“The only thing I like is that wherever I go they say that the Congress will come because many people have now turned to the Congress.
Well, just hope for the best.
The Lumshnong Management Committee urges the public to stop coming to the market on that day as a sign of solidarity with the district administration and the government.
Among these shiphew Kurs, two Kurs are Sangriang and Lyngdoh Umïong and eight Kurs include Mawlein, Shangpliang, Pariongbah, Nonglang, Kharjahrin, Lyngkhoi, Myrthong and Pariongnah.
Those who wish to purchase this coal can send their offer price in a well sealed envelope with a note on the paper and specify the price they request in words and number.
The exact time of the incident is not known, as at the time of the incident there were no people and the guard of the church, after closing all the doors. door, he went home to sleep.
Since the appointment of the Inquiry Wing by the Lokayukta, the State Government has sent the names of the officers and other employees of the department, as required by the Lokayukta, for the purpose of conducting the investigation under this Act.
He said that during the meeting, it was found that there are two issues in the region – the need for more Public Private Partnership and the adoption of opportunities in the region such as tourism, organic farming, agriculture, horticulture, floriculture, textiles, manufacturing, IT, BPO and services.
Speaking at the meeting, Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee said that initially he did not understand the proposal to open a Circuit Court of the Sub-Division as there is always a Circuit Court. Court' for the Supreme Court of the State or District Court if the area is too large, but after visiting the site in November last year, he said it is necessary to start The Circuit Court here because the travel from this place to Dadenggre is not easy for the residents of the area.
As the spokesperson of the club, I am very pleased to see that the players are no longer worried about money and this is through the support of YESS Meghalaya.
“The government itself has taken the wrong path from the beginning and this will not bring any benefit and therefore the state government needs to change its working methods,” said Bah Bindo.
The union has also vowed that if the company does not believe in anything, the union will immediately close it down.
The members of the Society said that if he is really a person with disabilities, he will threaten the society in the coming days and times and he should be sent to the Mental Jail Hospital for treatment until that he was well.
The truck was heading from Shillong to Guwahati, but when it reached the scene, it collided with the house of Rangpyrkhat Kharmalki.
As the union has been finding out about the floods, which have happened from time to time and which have caused a lot of suffering to the passengers on the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi, “If the NHAI authorities do not take action, the union will take other stronger measures,” he added.
A total of 41 teams participated in the Subroto Mukharjee Cup Football Tournament 2022, including 17 teams under 17 years old boys, 13 teams under 14 years old boys and 13 teams under 14 years old boys. under 17 girls have 11 teams.
These batteries are designed to replace the dangerous pencil batteries used in many battery-powered devices, Verma said.
These two have helped the farmers to store their crops and also to set up small factories through solar.
The tournament was also witnessed by the participants who came from all over the world to compete with a spirit of courage and strength in the tournament.
Therefore, whether you agree or not, I would like to advise you as follows: (i) When Jesus has forgiven our sins, let us not sin again.
We must have a present and concern for the welfare and welfare of other family members for our brothers and sisters in the nation.
He said that in the last few years, the state has received an exemption from the Government of India without the need to take the CUET examination because it does not have examination centers but now it has centers in Jowai, Shillong and Tura, although they do not fully meet the needs of the students.
Soso Tham said in his song “U Dieng Bilat High School”.
The Fire & Emergency Services in Byrnihat immediately rushed to the scene.
He said that there will be 45 lakh private enterprises, which will be able to resume their businesses, through this assistance of the government.
However, when the union inspected again on 19th November 2020, it found that there was no attempt to evacuate the animals from the hall.
Of the new cases, 476 were from the eastern city of Daegu and 60 from the northern city of Gyeongsang, the KCDC said.
Shillong, July 27: The residents of Umsaw Khwan village in Shillong today turned up at the gate of the Director General of Police (DSP) to demand from the police department and the government. Former Umroi MLA Stanlywiss Rymbai, who was arrested on Tuesday, has been arrested.
So far, there are 11,265 cases in Assam.
In India, Churu, the capital of eastern Rajasthan, experienced the highest temperature of 48.9 Celsius (120 Fahrenheit) on Tuesday, the Meteorological Department said.
Although the Assam Christian Forum has expressed its opposition to the bill, the threats by Hindu groups against church school principals and the harassment of a religious leader have caused to the workers of the Church in persecution.
The program started at 10 pm and was led by the Dolloi, Pator, Ynniaw Waheh, Waheh Shnong, elders and Pyrnah. ' I didn't come to the village headman of Nongkynrih.
We from the government, the people and various political parties are in the dark on this issue,” said Bah Hamlet.
The woman and a policeman were injured in the incident.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: There is only one active case of Covid-19 in East Khasi Hills District in the past 24 hours. and one was healed.
Emphasizing only oneself and condemning others is not patriotic.
The funeral service will be held on the 5th of this month at 1.00 pm at the Lumjingtep of the Catholic Church Mowkyndeng Madankynsaw.
The Seiñraij Ialong has announced that as usual, it will hold the Behdieñkhlam Festival
[This river is full of water all year round.
The meeting was conducted by Ms. M Marbaniang and welcome speeches were delivered by Teacher Bah S.Kharrymba.
Diengshynrum Football Team won the Under-16 and Second Division titles while Rymbai Madanpynriang Football Team won the Third Division Football Tournament organized by the EJHDFA. at Diengshynrum Square on Saturday.
Because China said that the US has illegally sent the ship to the Chinese border, without even receiving permission or approval from the Chinese Government. it could disrupt China's peace and stability in these border areas.
We believe that it is the cause of the dewbilat khar khana,” said the elders of the area including the Rangbah Shnong, KSU and other residents of the area.
Shillong, November 23 : Ranasing Khyriem and Medari Kharsohnoh have won the Nai Khatsaw and Lukhimai pansngiat at the Khasi Traditional Costume Competition organized by the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday. Tuesday at the Soso Tham Auditorium.
These pistols were purchased in 2014, when 575 pistols were purchased by the Manipur government.
At the same time, the village wants to honor the rule of law by getting clarity from the speeches of the candidates/parties from the same platform.
On the other hand, Sohra MLA Gavin Miguel Mylliem expressed his deep sorrow and condolences over the shooting death of four residents of Mukroh by the Assam police.
Infodemic: The World Health Organization (WHO) says: “We are no longer fighting only the spread of the coronavirus (Pandemic); we are also fighting the spread of infodemic”.
He said that Uttar Pradesh is the birthplace of the Congress party and it has grown well but now the people have rejected it. establish.
The program was conducted by Ilasiewdor Gashnga who is in charge of training within SURE. The trainees who attended the training were youths from neighboring villages like Amlari, Jong u Chen, Amjalong. , Nongtalang as well as the villages under the Syndai such as the Village Headquarters, Mission District and Lyngkot District.
Other issues he raised were on the employment opportunities for the educated youth, who are facing high unemployment, but the government is failing to open up opportunities for the youth in Jaintia Hills to Even in government departments implementing various schemes, contract jobs are provided at low wages, which makes it difficult for the youth to meet their needs.
“The spirit of the VAB has been lost with the repeal of Section 5 sub sections 8 and
The members of the Church from the leaders of the Parish Pastoral Council, the office bearers of Pamra-Jalyiah Circle, the Elders, the invited guests, the Waheh Shnong, Bah Iaikiewbha Rymbai, Bormi Dkharu who is the Symbud Waheh Shnong, as well as Assistant Parish Priest, Rev. Fr. Ebormitre H Lamre together with Sisters, Head Catechists also came to take part in this day.
This Civil Sub Division will include the villages which fall under the Administrative Unit of Jirang C&RD Block which is located in the west of Ri Bhoi District.
A few months later, two MLAs of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) joined the NPP and the number rose to
The speakers also explained to the children about the physical changes during adolescence and about marriage.
Bringing hope through action includes raising public awareness on the prevention of suicide and reducing stigma or negative language in prevention and suicide.
Such people have the intention of intimidating the people by finding ways and means to stop the love of the people for the VPP. It is true that there are government officials in the state who are not strong enough, who do not understand and who do not have the wisdom to do what is right.
He said that there are many problems, but the change is how many of them have received information through the present government? He visited Mawkyrwat area during the heavy rain and storm, and several houses were damaged, some of which he saw for himself.
I don't know what the rules of the law are.
The party will also turn its attention to the youth.
He said the Meghalaya government will also demand from the central government to introduce strong laws to curb the smuggling of people from Bangladesh.
On arrival at Lympung Weiking, a prayer was held and speeches were delivered by the leaders of the Seng Khasi.
Wicketkeeper and Indian batsman Rishabh Pant remains in the top 10 while captain Rohit Sharma and Virat Kohli remain in the same position. that is in the 12th and 13th grade.
This is one of the main reasons why many of the children in our rural areas do not pass every class.
The election of the new MLA for Shella will be held on the 21st of this month and the announcement will be made on the 24th of March.
They also informed that they will hold a meeting on the 12th of this month at Malki Basic School at 11 pm to discuss other issues related to Casual Employees.
However, it became part of Pakistan in
The group congratulates Kynpham Umsong, Mebanraplang Nongkynrih, Nancy Khongsit and Nongthmmai Village.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen, said that this will take time.
Bethany Hospital, Shillong on the 10th of this month celebrated the second Memorial Oration of John L. Sailo Ryntathiang to commemorate the contributions of the founder of the hospital.
It is worth mentioning that these roads, which were laid the foundation stone today, are in poor condition and are also in great need of the people of Umden area.
Such statements from the High Court should shock the entire police department.
Police are investigating to determine the motive of these people.
I can't explain everything about this now, but there is a model that teaches all of us who study viruses and this is made by looking at the viruses inside the lymbit.
He said that in the budget for 2019-20, the number of employees of the council has reached 1490 in all departments of the council.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Kemrang Social Welfare Organization (KSWO) on Saturday held a public meeting at Mawkliaw-Kemrang village to ask the people whether they want to leave the village. The Union of Village Headmen of 8 Villages in a letter sent to the Chief Secretary of the State has demanded that the Pynursla Civil Sub-Division should remain in the Sohra Civil Sub-Division.
At the same time, she said it is not known how much sympathy will be expressed in this election in Sohiong for the death of Bah HDR Lyngdoh after filing his nomination papers to contest in Sohiong.
Mawkhan won the trophy and 50,000 tyngka.
Various political parties have arranged to protest against Shah's visit by dressing in blue clothes, carrying placards and waving blue flags from the airport. , which is located in Aizawl and along the road, until it reaches the city, the report said.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 9: The government's inability to provide the necessary services at the Parïong Primary Health Centre, has caused the public to face difficulties when they go for treatment when they are sick.
There are 10 cases in East Khasi Hills, 5 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 5 cases in West Garo Hills and 4 cases in South West Garo Hills.
In the end, however, we are no different from the condition of the Israelites in the days of the Prophet Amos.
The Government of the households, take the money if the money is empty but pay immediately the wages and the remaining wages of the employees of the dewbilat factory in Mawmluh.
Meanwhile, Opposition Leader Gulab Chand Kataria has suggested to Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot to allow the sale of kyiad in front of the houses of drinkers. Gulab's suggestion has also received the support of many women in the state, as they are more comfortable drinking alcohol at home than going to buy it from the shops.
In the last 24 hours, Shillong received 5.3mm of rainfall, Sohra received no rainfall and Barapani received 6.4mm.
Therefore, if the Supplementary Demands cannot be approved in the House, the rules of the Contingency Fund can be applied”.
Haseena Maan Jayegi was released in 1999 and starred Govinda, Sanjay Dutt, Karisma Kapoor and Kader Khan. to this film.
Prestone said that on the 13th there will be a meeting of the MLAs who intend to leave the party and soon they will resign.
Shillong, Jymmang 3 : Various Garo Hills Seng including a prominent volunteer Kingstone Bolwari have sent a letter to the Chief Secretary of the State, Rebecca V Suchiang demanding that the The Under Secretary, Department of Mining and Geology (JMCPL) has approved in writing to transport the coal mined at Gasuapara to Bangladesh on 28th June. 2022 because if allowed, the illegal mining and quarrying of coal in the state will continue to increase.
The objective of the Government of India by implementing the NPR is to know and recognize all Indians and will also help in the effective implementation of all schemes and benefits received from the Government.
Girl's HSS at Jail Road, Shillong at 9 pm.
“On the other hand, it has been learned that thousands of students have been forced to leave their homes and settle in various tents.
Jowai, Jymmang 7: The birthday of Bob Marley, the late singer Bob Marley, has been celebrated around the world. Bob Marley with a musical performance and a song at Lyngkein Ialong Square.
He said that through this discussion, it will provide something important for addressing the need for scientific knowledge in the region.
The Meghalaya High Court on 16th June has ordered the state government to end the confusion as soon as the elections are over.
The price is probably higher when sold to other countries especially countries with higher income and economy.
The incident happened on the 12th of July this year when the employees of the DMR department at Zero Point Riangdo, while checking the challans, found that there were trucks which had used forged challans to transport coal titled in the names of several traders.
The songs of praise during the elections are very pleasant to the ears.
Nongpoh: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has expressed its concern over the increasing power outages in Ri Bhoi District and especially in those areas under the jurisdiction of MeECL Nongpoh Division. District, has warned to take strict action against the electricity department.
The teachers who are skilled in the field and who really deserve to be promoted have been forgotten and their rights have been violated.
“The Myntang River is used by many residents as well as foreigners who like to go fishing, but the surprising thing is that the river has been blocked and many tourists have been stranded in the river. The JSM said that there is a park for the MLA's family members in the area, but they expressed their surprise and complained why a gate should be installed on the road. you come to the crowd.
SUSIL DKHAR (PDF) – 606.
He said that the Focus+ scheme is to help the poorest who do not have access to trade.
If you write it down, you won't be able to write it again.
The Government cannot do anything about this.
The first DTO of Eastern West Khasi Hills, Bah W. Makdoh, handed over the documents to Bah Brol at the opening of the office in Mairang.
“We have decided to expel you from the village because you have violated the rules and regulations of the Dorbar Shnong and you are no longer allowed to stay within the jurisdiction of the village.
Dr E Passah also gave a detailed training on Zoonosis Disease.
Babu Kular Khongjirem In the past few days, the war of words between the NPP and BJP leaders has intensified as the days go by.
Dr S.Monin, who took part in the walk, expressed his happiness and pleasure to see this beautiful forest.
The two women had robbed the child of the mother with alcoholic beverages and took her to Nongspung West Khasi Hills, but the child was released by the police. The Children's Association of New Nongstoiñ, has also found the child from the village today.
Poland understands what it stands for because it experienced and went through the biggest darkness in World War II and which we all know very well what happened in Auschwitz, which six million Jews were murdered under Hitler's rule and after Stalin's regime that killed tens of thousands of Poles.
Farmers do not have to spend more to buy urea, and this will reduce their costs.
When these elders were at peace and ate from the same source, the main cause of the problems was removed.
Last night, this reporter visited several places in Shillong where he saw that many patrol vehicles were passing by the khapsor and also in the Motphran and Them Iew Mawlong areas.
However, shortly after the elections, top BJP leaders from Prime Minister Narendra Modi to Home Minister Amit Shah attended the swearing-in ceremony.
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) has released photographs of people suspected of attacking the Indian High Commission in the UK in October.
Jayson Lennox Nongrum, General Secretary of the HYC Ri Bhoi District, said that as soon as the members of the HYC learned of the intention of these foreigners to enter the state, they sent a message. They were able to arrest these foreigners.
The world at that time in my life was so amazing to them alone.
However, as an organization let the love and service of humanity be seen everywhere by establishing Love and Service Units in every village.
Leaders of the Seng Khasi Seng Kmie, members of the Seng Raij and Seng Khih Lang were also present.
The Minister also distributed NIRAMAYA Health Cards to the beneficiaries.
Perhaps in the Second Edition which we are writing now which will include the schedule of the FKS until 2021 which we are writing which will be published in 2022 we will publish a hardcopy where the public can get online.
Prestone said that Shillong is in a state of peace and order but the Government is always aware of any minor incidents.
One person has died today and the number of recoveries has risen to
In another Group-B match, United Sports Club and East Bengal Reserves from Kolkata drew 1-1
The Mawlai MLA said that with the support of the BJP for the NPP, the people have seen the true face of the NPP which is only a fake face of the BJP. Be wise and judge well, lest the country be overwhelmed by the mynder through these false images.
The purple flower often needs insects that are active at night, to help them transfer pollen from one plant to another.
Metallica CC scored 130 runs for the loss of eight wickets in 19.4 overs.
The Seng also urges the people of the State to work together with the police department to prevent the robbers from committing such crimes.
This is the story, This year is different from the previous one, There is a lot of religious activities, He fulfills the will of God and receives the blessings of the church.
Sosphira Khar, one of the families who received the house, said that she has been living in the house for about a year and a half.
“Mukul and his officers have become too clever to consider us stupid,” said Bah Pasi.
The incident happened on the night of the 17th of June at about 12 pm, after the owners of the Bolero found that their vehicle was no longer in the area. They put this Bolero.
Following the death of this Doloi, the office of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council, Jowai has held an election of a new Doloi on 5th July The newly elected Doloi are Elios Swer, Rymbai, Iitbha Lyngdoh, Rymbai and Balios Swer, son of Le Swer and Who Hedni Dkhar. He was honorably elected and was awarded a certificate on 8th July 2014 and is the 23rd Doloi of Rymbai District.
Because of this water shortage, it was decided to turn to Rain Water Harvesting.
On the other hand, Bah HM Shangpliang, Member of the PAC, said that in 2007, the Central Government had allocated T.38 crore for the Department of Agriculture and Horticulture. The state government has spent T.7.36 crore and the rest has been returned to the government by the agriculture department and deposited in two banks.
The service was once again very encouraging for the family members and friends who were present at that time.
He said that the meeting will start at 12 noon, and the meeting will be to protest against the extortion, kidnapping and extortion of money by the Garo forest dwellers. Khasi.
“The Congress has built India's economy, but Modi has passed a law to destroy money and the Gabbar Singh Tax to destroy the country and he is a man who doesn't understand and doesn't listen. Gandhi said in a tweet.
They also alleged that the time will come when the people will burn the statue of Bah Ardent because he has misled the people.
The BA (Honours) student said he got the mark in Political Science Paper-4, Part-2 of the examination.
As part of identifying the presence of mining companies in the Indo-Pak border areas of Punjab as a security threat to the country, the Governor of Punjab Chief Minister Banwarilal Purohit said that if anyone is found involved in such illegal activities, they should be brought to justice.
Shillong, Nailur 08: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Friday submitted a petition to the President of the BJP, Meghalaya, Bah Earnest Mawrie to submit a petition to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi. The Central Government should hand over to an independent investigation team whether the CBI or the Enforcement Directorate (ED) should investigate many cases of corruption in the state.
In 2022, through the past years under the rule of the MDA government, we have seen the complaints of the people of the state about the irregularities and incompetence of the present government.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma said that the Ranjeet Lal University Act was passed by the State Legislative Assembly in 2011 but for many reasons, until the Ranjeet Lal University Act was passed by the State Legislative Assembly. 2020, the Governor of the State has not yet approved this Act.
Because if you die of corona with anger you will not go to heaven.
The victory of HK Singh (Meghalaya) against Sainik School has encouraged the team as a whole to play well in the future.
We also want the Central Monitoring Committee to look into the schemes of the Central Government, so we want them to set up a State Monitoring Committee to look into the ILP because this issue is very important. big.
“Income has declined here in Khasi Hills, coal has been banned due to lack of clear policies, Rangbah Shnong posts and others,” he said.
The District Level Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament to be held in July 2023 is invited to all schools in the district.
On the other hand, Mr. John.
He said that as an elected leader, he said that the five years should not be wasted just for the sake of glory, just for the sake of publishing newspapers and on his part. , as soon as he was elected as MLA, he said what path to take so that the people of Nongstoiñ will not be affected.
Therefore, we will see the true election of the people whether they elect the leaders or the party.
Most importantly, he has connected all the villagers with the PMJSY scheme. This is a blessing to all the villagers. roads in various cities of India.
Speaking to media after leaving Sadar Police Station, Dundee said, “We don't mind being summoned because it is their duty.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06 : The first round of the Mawkynrew Cup 2022-23 has come to an end on Saturday at the Mawleiñ Stadium.
Taiwan has complained from time to time that China has been harassing and threatening the people of the small island country for about three years.
Nongpoh, July 15: The Central Election Committee of the HSPDP party, which met on the 3rd of this month, has decided to start offering tickets for the candidates who wish to contest the Assembly elections. to be held in
Don't lift up your voice: don't speak with a harsh voice.
Meirad Kmoin Wahlang, one of the oldest runners from Meghalaya who used to win everywhere she competed, went to take part and won in their category.
Similarly, on 24th Mawphlang, Congress candidate Kennedy Khyriem had to explain why Lamphrang Blah, who has been a Congress MDC for more than 25 years, had to fight against him now.
The teacher, Sandai Sangma, 30, was abducted while she was on her scooter when she was shot dead by the militants at Dokasaram. Resubelpara is about 120 kilometers from the city of Tura.
Jasprit Bumrah took four wickets and conceded 39 runs.
On the same day, it was also agreed that the name of Bah Shanlang Marbaniang should be sent to the Government in recognition of his bravery.
Dr RC Laloo has been one of the most prominent politicians in the state since he won as MLA in
He said it is an opportunity to welcome people from all over the world to come to this state which will bring many benefits to the locals and visitors.
Guwahati: The United Liberation of Asom (ULFA) has decided to intensify violence in Assam.
Shillong, Naiwieng 7 : Why the Central Government has not yet clarified whether it will issue the Inner Line Permit (ILP) to Meghalaya, one of the main reasons is that the MDA government has not followed up properly. “It's been a few times since the resolution was submitted to the Central Government,” said Bah PT Sawkmie MLA Mawlai Constituency.
The old man had already foreseen this present age, and he took the initiative to warn it through stories, proverbs and songs, because he knew that these were the only things, to remember to live for the sake of their country and nation, to be the protectors who are vigilant to live for the sake of their culture the customs, religion and customs and also to be the guardians so that the future generations can receive the right path as established by their ancestors.
On the morning of the 18th, the suspect tried to flee the scene carrying a bottle of kyiad belonging to one of the robbers.
CoMSO Chairman Robert June Kharjahrin has expressed the hope that the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik, will pass the MRSSA (Amendment Bill) 2020 and the Central Government will accept to implement Bengal. Regulation 1873 to be implemented in the State of Meghalaya.
If we truly love our children and future generations, let us also give them more fertile soil and clean wells of water.
The author also notes that in the last 50 years, there has been a rapid increase in all aspects.
He said that the number of Coke factories in Shallang has exceeded 20. At the last meeting, the Deputy Commissioner submitted a report. Out of the 20 Coke factories which have proper permits from the Single Window Agency and Concern to Establish and Concern to Operate, only three are Carbo Chem. , Shemphang and another country.
It is said that the foreigner used to ring video of her from time to time, even when she wanted to go to the toilet and threatened her from time to time that she should not tell anyone.
Phawa said that due to the presence of coal mines in the area where the DC Office is planned to be built in Khliehriat, the government is ready to build a new DC Office Khliehriat in Khliehriat. The site of the BSF camp or the BRTF camp is PWD land. The site for the new DC office is an existing government land since Khliehriat. It is only a Civil Sub Division, so the question is how can people mine coal on government land?
Speaking to media, Hek, former Minister of Health and Family Welfare, said, “As Prestone told the people that the government is deceiving all the people. The government has been doing the same for the medical college for five years”.
Furthermore, the union has strongly condemned the people involved in throwing stones at the ambulance of the union, alleging that this is only the work of the robbers who don't even care about the vehicle. sick too.
“We don't want our Meghalaya to be like Delhi in terms of air pollution,” said Process. He also expects the two MPs from the state to raise these issues in Parliament. .
Here I want to say It is not a priestly ordination because you cannot be ordained a priest twice.
The marathon was held as part of the celebration of the birth anniversary of Sardar Vallabhai Patel (National Unity Day).
Shillong, Nailur 13: Ka Sur Ki Nongmawlai on Tuesday demanded that the NPP-led MDA government should dismiss and prosecute the police officers involved in the shooting death of Cheristerfield Thangkhiew at his residence on the 13th of last year at Mawlai.
The judge said the investigation was too slow and told Somnath Biswas, the officer, that he had been in vain.
Basaiawmoit said the ARPA has appointed a Deputy Chief Executive Member to the UDP, three EMs and KHNAM. Adlebert Nongrum, Latiplang Kharkongor and Process T Sawkmie from KHNAM while the UDP has not yet announced.
He made this promise at a public election campaign rally at Resubelpara in the presence of the party candidate from the constituency, Rinaldo K Sangma and other party leaders.
On this day, there will be a prayer at 8:00 pm at the Seng Khasi Hall, Mawkhar, Shillong and a Riti March at 9:00 pm from Madan Iewrynghep, Shillong. Lympung Weiking, Jaïaw.
This restaurant will be one of the restaurants that will attract people to eat breakfast and brunch at the same time especially on Sundays, where there will be a variety of food and drinks. that the evening of the day of God may be pleasant.
They were identified as Durlav Baruah, Pradipta Phukan, Jagjit Gohain, Deepjyoti Handique and Dipankar Gohain.
These poor and underprivileged students, after passing their SSLC examination, try to get small jobs here and there to escape from working in the household for 10 years. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The 20 Village Association (RSA) has decided to hold an indefinite curfew in Leshka area from tomorrow.
Regarding all these announcements which have not seen any signs of implementation yet, the people have been waiting for these announcements to come into force.
Shillong, November 18: Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Defense and Cooperation Minister Amit Shah took part in the celebration of the Golden Jubilee of the North-East Council (NEC) in Shillong. day of Blei.
He said that Police Outposts should be set up to protect the border areas.
Others who attended the opening ceremony included Deputy Commissioner, Garo LSN Dykes, Saron Pasweth, EM JHADC, Octomewot Lamin, Nominated MDC, Dr. R Pohrmen and others. others.
He reminded that the RBYF has played a role in supporting the school although it is only a small amount of money to meet the needs of the teachers and the smooth running of the school. The school has been in existence for 25 years.
Shillong, July 13: U Conrad K Sangma, MP of the National People's Party (NPP), today urged the state government led by Dr Mukul Sangma to take the necessary measures to improve the situation. training and explanation and also to provide financial assistance to members of armed groups who have surrendered to Lum Garo.
The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District has imposed a micro containment area on Sahsniang A. village following the confirmation of positive cases of COVID-1 The District Magistrate on Monday has banned all from entering the containment area and those who live in the area have been banned from leaving.
This is a surprising and exciting news for the state as a whole as the wrestlers in the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022, have won up to six medals despite having time. only two weeks to train in this sport.
we need such visionary leaders for the state and especially for our own people.
The program was inaugurated by BSF Chief Pradip Kumar, IPS, IG BSF Meghalaya in the presence of the Commandant of 110 Bn and the residents of the area.
The meeting was also attended by the Vice President of the HYC-Central Body, Samla Donbok Kharlyngdoh, other leaders of the Central Body and others who attended the meeting.
The call for tenders will end on the second day of next month if there are no delays in the tenders and the work will be awarded for commissioning within six months.
PER.222/71/138, Dated Shillong, the 12th January, 1972) and the Roster System announced through the Office Memorandum, dated 10th May 2022 (OM) based on the decision of the Meghalaya High Court (Case no. .
Argentina beat Nigeria 2-1 in the World Cup in Russia on Saturday.
As of Tuesday, 1,711 cases have been confirmed, of which 1,070 have been confirmed, 436 are under investigation, 205 are under suspicion and 932 have died. you are sick.
She said that if the blood vessels are healthy, the body is also healthy.
A short speech was delivered by the newly elected President of KSU Huroi Unit Wanlam Lamin Gadew.
Speaking on the programs to distribute medicines to the people, he said that the department still has plans to conduct more such programs to distribute medicines to the remote areas of the country. He said that there will also be other schemes from the CSR department of the 172 Battalion of the BSF which will be announced, which will benefit the residents of the border areas.
In Arunachal Pradesh, 55 cases have been reported so far, while in Manipur, 304 cases have been reported and 243 are undergoing treatment.
Laitumkhrah Police Station has registered three youths under the PoCSO Act for allegedly assaulting a 18-year-old girl. He was born in a village in Shillong.
He said that until now, whatever earlier intention he had to express publicly in this leadership has not changed, and he will move forward.
However, the additional allowance whether from the Central Government or the State Government is too expensive and does not match the duties and responsibilities of the ASHAs.
Chap.3, Section 1, to be applicable to the districts of Kamrup, Darrang, Nowgong, Sibsagar, Lakhimpur (Garo Hills)3, Khasi and Jaintia Hills, Naga Hills, Cachar.
“Even in the midst of the beauty of nature at this festival, there were three faces that attracted the attention of the audience.
Their job is to go into the villages and bring a report on the needs of that village.
Damehiwot Pde encouraged the children to be active and spend their time in good activities that will build their future and urged them to take action to follow the rules and regulations announced by the government which are the measures to protect against the spread of the COVID-19 virus.
“The people in Mawkhar, Jaïaw and the entire constituency are educated and have their own positions and can be established,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: A meeting of Congress MLAs and government ministers was held at the residence of a Parliamentary Secretary today to discuss the leadership of the party in the state.
Most of the inhabitants of Lawse are farmers and day labourers.
Shillong: There have been 96 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today and 2 deaths; There are 30 people who have recovered from the disease.
They are Franky Lyngdoh, Justice Paul Lyngdoh, Romingstar Lamare, Remdor Lyngdoh and Kamio Biam.
The Uniform Civil Code is a Directive Principle of State Policy, in which states can implement in their own states to bring about the rule of law in the homes.
In Ampati, 12 Anganwadi Centers have been affected and 2 Anganwadis have been damaged in Zikzak C&RD Block.
As the Chief Minister, he should look after the welfare of the District Councils in the state, said Bah Syiem.
Although these four buses run around Shillong, in violation of the rules of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the authorities in charge of this have not taken action to check this. .
He said that the Mining Plans of the four Agencies which have already received the NOC from the Central Government, have now been approved.
After conducting a search, police found a bottle of kyiad in the shetja room where they were suspected to be drinking together.
If a person's heart is filled with sin, his prayer will not be answered.
Shillong: The India Meteorological Department (IMD) today announced that there will be no heavy rainfall in the state for the next three days until July 9,
And one of the most important things is that we should not just write and spread false news to mislead the people.
When we found out about this good deed, we tried to talk to him and he said that it is his duty to clean up the surroundings and especially the areas where he lives. close, because he can’t see when the public sidewalks will be filled with trash.
The Minister of Electricity, AT Mondal on Tuesday appealed to the people of Meghalaya to choose to install smart meters.
(The author is the Union Minister in charge of Coal, Mines and Parliamentary Affairs).
These places selected by the government to hold the markets for those coming from Bhoi will be at Mawiong MECOFED kudam, Mawiongrim ISBT, the farmers' market at Umdiengpun Football Ground under the village. Sadew and this market is for the farmers of Mawphlang, Sohiong, Mawkriah, Nongkynrih, Pynursla and Laitlyngkot.
To get to the more important question – how does formalin affect the human body?.
When all over the world there are those rulers, leaders who are elected by the people, by groups or by various electoral systems, who are entrusted with legal powers to administer the administration of the government, so that that there should be order in the works, in the dwelling places, that there should be no oppression by the powerful, that the poor and the needy may have the right to live. With such intelligent systems of governance around the world, why are there so many problems?  The rulers in the country are called Political Masters or Leaders or Statesmen, in India they are called Neta, which means the same thing, and in our country they are called Leaders or Public Rulers, which means the same thing.
“We don't expect any development projects in the area but let them come in the right direction so that development projects don't get disrupted,” said Bah Rapsang.
Ma Kyrmen Shylla expressed his gratitude to all the leaders who have taken part in the fight against COVID-19 in the district despite the many challenges they have faced.
Nongpoh: U H.Sangma, a policeman, has died in an accident at Nongpoh Police Station at 6 pm this evening. The victim was arrested in a Maritu Brezza (ML-05-R-3
Then what will happen to human life?
Others who attended the training program were Joannes JTL Lamare, Chairman, Meghalaya Youth Foundation who introduced the project to the village, Patricia Kharkongor, Social Secretary. of MYF; the Rangbah Shnong, the Village Leaders and others.
Shillong, Lber 30: The Hynniewtrep Youth Movement (HYM), East Khasi Hills District, has warned against shopkeepers especially foreigners who are accustomed to stealing money from courts. Samla D.Sawkmie said that most of the time, it is found that there are shops that don't sell if the price of goods is more than T.5 or T.10 tyngka. show that the buyers have to go and buy kwai or cigarettes to pay for the money.
The delay is only in the areas under the jurisdiction of PWD Division Mairang from Mawshut, Nongkhlaw to Dongki Ingding.
According to the United Nations, 2,000 people died every day from tuberculosis in 2010 and 219 more died each year.
Nongstoin, Nailar 9: Rimuliang area is one of the areas in West Khasi Hills District, which produces a lot of agricultural products such as sying, soh, pai, jhur, jhep and especially synsar. The area also has an old market which is the Langpih Market and the Nonglang Market which also borders with Assam.
Nidamon Shullet President JHTOA said that the companies have cheated and ignored what has been agreed between the state government even after the notice has been issued. Company Cements for the demand of the JHTOA. The union strongly condemns that even after the agreement, these companies should pay 7 tyngka 1 ton/1 km for the transportation of goods. The JHTOA has decided whether it is clinker or cement, but the surprising thing is that after the agreement has been signed with the government, the companies have paid and implemented the agreement for only 10 months and they have thanked the JHTOA. These companies have also shifted their go down from Meghalaya to Assam.
However, the Seng after conducting an inspection on the 23rd of this month, found that these buildings have been left empty without anyone looking after them and have turned into houses.
Speaking to media, Bah Duia said that in 2018, he received a phone call from NH Consultancy Private Ltd (NHC) from Delhi offering a job through the Meghalaya State Skill Development Society. Training in three categories, Malti Cuisine Chef, River Rafting Guide Cum Camp Director.
In fact, as the Returning Officer of the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency (appointed by the Election Commission of India), he should not restrict the rights of the voters who want to go to the polling stations.
Shillong, Lber 24: The FKJGP Seng Kmie has condemned and expressed its anger at the corruption of the State Government which has not taken into consideration and honor by violating the jubanlak which it has made since 2012 and so on. The demands of the Sengbhalang in those years such as the FKJGP, KSU and HNYF which immediately closed down the Special Counters (Facilitation Cells) in the Office of the Deputy Commissioner because this is the opportunity of the authorities. produce and verify proper documents and with the intention of including their names in the Electoral Roll of the State.
The way women, especially longkmie, talk is more common when they sit down.
The two MLAs of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) declined to comment on the decision taken at the Central Executive Committee (CEC) meeting regarding the news that they will join the party. by the National People's Party (NPP).
The JNC has urged the department to repair as soon as possible and to forgive the bill lights of the people affected by this power outage.
Mawkyrwat, March 14: U Bah Pius Marweiñ, MLA/MDC of Ranikor Constituency on Tuesday inaugurated the opening ceremony of Khonjoy A Government Lower Primary School. The school was renovated or repaired at a cost of T.37/- lakh in the presence of Bah DG Nongsiej, Sub Divisional School Education Officer (SDSEO), South West Khasi Hills District as the chief guest.
Sangma said that as a former leader, he finds that the NPP government led by Conrad Kongal Sangma is a government that does not lose the income of the people and It is also a government that is proud of not owning all the schemes and development works that have been done by the previous government.
Nongpoh: Government officials from Assam, including police and officers from the Land & Revenue Department, on Saturday visited Barapathar village in Umtyrnga area of ​​Ri Bhoi district. The Jal Jeewan Mission (JJM) scheme has been built inside the village under the Jal Jeewan Mission (JJM) scheme through the Meghalaya government.
In this meeting, the Chief Executive Member of the UHM, Bah Charlie J Rani, also directed the Chief Executive Member of the West Jaintia Hills District, Samla Palmon Sari to work hard for the people through the UHM. and that the District as a whole should support the CEC on the demand of the party from the State Government for the registration of land within the border of Bri U Hynniewtrep. Hynniewskum, in order to get the proper boundary, at the same time he directed the District through its leaders to come forward to force the government through the PWD (Road) to repair immediately. The roads from Puriang to Ratacherra, as well as in the entire area to facilitate the movement of the people of the entire area.
Shah said Parle's income, known as Parle-G, came after the implementation of the GST in 2017, which imposed a high tax on biscuits priced only. three coins ten songs.
The Minister expressed his condolences to the families of the victims.
He added that this article will help the Khasi language to become more visible in connection with the demand to include the Khasi language in the Khyrnit Baphra.
But if it’s not then it means we’re only in the process, not in applying the established law.
“The provision of new equipment such as incinerators at Marten and bio-medical waste treatment is ongoing. Rs 75 crore has been allocated for the construction of a new polo market opposite the complex. and the target is to complete it in three years,” said Bah Hamlet.
All the arrested members of the party have been taken to court for trial, where the police also wanted more time to investigate the arrested.
Two policemen were killed in the incident, both of them were Khasi, one was identified as Arphuis Khymdeit and the other was identified as Lambarthu. Suchiang, one of them died on the spot while the other died at the Civil Hospital, Tura.
Regarding this, the Dorbar Shnong Ialong, to avoid any disturbance, has set a time limit for the picnickers or tourists to Madan Lyngkien to check the signboard. placed in front of the Gate.
The winners of the competition will receive a cash prize of T.1 crore, besides a cash prize for those who come second, fourth to fourth. who came in the rank of basan.
If we talk about the elections in Khasi-Jaintia Hills, we have always talked about the increase in financial power especially in the few months before the elections. cut how in the middle of the suiñ.
The word above explains how a word comes from two or more words to become one according to the definition mentioned.
According to sources, the Minister of Tourism, Dr. Mahesh Sharma will visit Meghalaya next month.
Jowai, Naitung 20: The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai has announced that it will charge an entry fee for the (L) Kesilroy Pala Football Tournament. Invitation Football Knock Out Tournament 2023.
Speaking to reporters at the Shillong Press Club, Peter said that since he was a member of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) when Bull N. Lyngdoh was its President, he has been a member of the Khasi Students Union (KSU). He said that it is time for him to enter the political arena so that he can advocate for the cause of the people. of the nation.
He said that these days there will be no more leaders like (L) Bah Hoping and he alone deserves the title of Bilat tree of Khasiland.
This incident is like a slap on the hands and feet of the Rangbah Shnongs because at that time, the Rangbah Shnongs who did not have the Hima Act could no longer issue syrnot to the residents of the village. who is an outsider.
The state government said it has been increased to 70 percent since then.
“No Minister is the owner of the land, if the Minister leads the Kur, he has to take the opinion or approval of that Kur and whether those forests, land belongs to the Ri raid or Whether they have received their approval or not, no Minister or Syiem has the right to do so.
However, it is better on Sunday when we are busy.
Under the leadership of Bah Sounder S. Cajee, they welcomed others who came from other parties like UDP, HSPDP and others to the TMC. Now the people should be careful not to be deceived by the 10,000 tyngka pliah in 5 years which costs the people more than the price of a cow than a human head.
Only 40 best team or individual entries and 5 Wild Card Entries were selected.
All these things amaze man here on earth.
Speaking at the meeting, Ma LD Lakiang, Waheh Shnong Ladthadlaboh, said that the Waheh Shnong Union does not have any ethnic discrimination, but don't politicize this issue because we too want a garbage dump.
KSU Narpuh Circle Secretary N.Mynthoi Chairman Sonapyrdi Village Council led by KSU Sonapyrdi Unit General Secretary WD Gympad, KS Suchiang President KSU Narpuh Circle and KSU Narpuh Circle Secretary N.Mynthoi. Members of KSU Khliehriat Circle, on Tuesday met with the Superintendent of Police (SP) East Jaintia Hills District regarding the establishment of BSF troops in Sonapyrdi village without the knowledge of the village authorities or the land owners of the area. do not put ktem.
Shillong, June 23: The Shad Sukra will be held on the 26th and 27th of this month from 11 am to 4 pm at Mukhla Nongrim District. Dorbar Hall and Village Dorbar at Slotmasi Square.
However, they believe that there are only 28 days in a month. 28 days x 13 months is 364 days in a year in the Khasi Calendar.
We have a close relationship with this hospital and we want this hospital to develop in all aspects,” he said.
St.Margaret’s Higher Sec School, Laitumkhrah 28.
Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today came to support Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, who has been on hunger strike since 23rd June to demand the government to resolve the issue. no reservation policy.
Speaking to media, Samla Forwardman Nongrem said that the KSU demands from the Minister in charge of Electricity to pay and provide for the medical expenses and other expenses related to the treatment. This child from the beginning and until he leaves the hospital.
" He said intervention from the beginning of life is important and not until after a person becomes ill.
Shillong: The Association for Democracy and Empowerment (ADE) has strongly condemned the police attack on protesters in the North East, today, in which several people were killed and injured. ADE considers this an act of violence, over a protest in accordance with democratic norms.
Here we will talk about that Word of God.
Jowai, July 08: Wahiajer and Tyrchang have qualified for the quarter final of the 3rd Sniawbhalang Football Tournament 2023 after their victory today. 6th July at Wahiajer Stadium.
(2) A good longkmie:- When there is a good longkmie, the household is happy, prosperous, happy and happy.
“The giving of the French race to the Khasi was not only in the early days of the French; but we see later and now the Khasi who are the stars of the country who have taken the French race.
“This will be an encouragement to all of us to be ready to give as much as we can for the improvement of health and education,” he said.
The GSU said that the matter has been brought to the attention of the Deputy Commissioner of East Garo Hills and a letter has been sent to the Minister of Home Affairs by the School Management Committee but no action has been taken.
May 24, 2020 My beloved Khasi country, why is this happening to you? Where are those times when you have fled, When you are still alive? I've heard in Ri Khasi, When the moon and the sun are shining; Peace and happiness are spreading, Wherever you go, wherever you turn.
“Across the country, there is corruption, 4 to 5 person commission, but in Kashmir, they ask for up to 15 per cent commission,” he said. , in the state, there is no forgiveness and that he has refused to accept any offers to help his family members, who live in Kashmir.
" Fortunately, in this Khasi country, there is no “Ki Khlaw Adong
Which may undermine the relationship between the State Government and the Central Government or with other Governments of other North Eastern States.
We want to make a decision for the people and we want to make the right decision, if any.
“It is up to the people to eat, drink and dress, and the BJP has nothing to do with it,” he said.
The funeral service will be held on 30.01.21 at 1.30 pm at the Church of Christ.
He said that these ministers who visited the forest on Saturday last month had no opposition to the Syiem from the beginning. They didn't elect him but they were in another group, so they made the same reason, “Since they elected the King, they don't like the King. “Even after they have not elected the Syiem, the ruling party has tried to resolve the differences between the chiefs but it has not reached anywhere,” said Minister Kharlukhi.
What I mean here is how much the people of Lyngngam understand that they have abandoned their clan such as Diengngan, Nongtnger, Ryntong, Nianglang, Miangiong, Sohphoh, Nongstin, Shyrkhon and others. transform into the type of others.
The incident occurred at 2 pm and the victims, who were involved in the attack, were about 100 people, in which they were beaten with sticks. your shyllang, you're right.
The issue of Harijan color in Them Mawlong has not been resolved at this time.
Jowai, Jymmang 05 : The 16th Inter School Badminton Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Badminton Association (WJDBA) Jowai, which started on the 2nd of this month, was inaugurated today. Let's go to Jowai.
The Union of Six Waheh Shnongs of Raliang, Nongkynrih, Mulum, Mookyndeng, Mulieh and Madankynsaw-Mowkyndeng have decided to ban the fishing in the rivers under the jurisdiction of these six Waheh Shnongs.
Speeches were also delivered by P.Suchen, Neera Sarmah and SE Kharpran, as well as two trainees who expressed the benefits of these 25 day of their training.
“However, he said that Bah Prestone Tynsong doesn't understand, which I don't know what he means; but he intends to politicize this issue.
Prof. Kharbamon added that the purpose of the construction of the mala at this site is to be in harmony with the culture and beauty of the area, and the surrounding area that is suitable for the site and the wildlife. in this place.
"It is a great honor to be offered this job as Saudi Arabia coach," said Mancini, who has already signed a four-year contract.
“In a few months we have set up a State Committee in Tripura and this year we will contest the MLA elections in Tripura and Meghalaya with all our strength and we will defeat the BJP in Tripura and the NPP in Meghalaya,” he said.
The book will be available soon from Shillong bookstores at the price of T.
However, this year the market dwellers said that the method of collecting donations is very different from the usual one. but this year the price has been increased.
Indeed, we cannot but be happy and grateful to those whom we should be grateful to when we receive the information that Rs 17.88 crore has been allocated under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana (PMGSY). ), for the improvement or extension of two of the most important roads serving the Raid Madan Kyrdem of Umroi Assembly Constituency.
The success of YESS Meghalaya, in which more than 1300 youth groups have received a grant of Rs 4.3 crore, is the best example we can set for the welfare of the youth.
The meeting was held by the Meghalaya Economic Association (MEA) today.
This is one of the reasons why this can happen but in democracy, no one can be stopped if they want to form a new party even a private party many win elections, especially in this state where people They don't look at parties too much but they look at the good deeds of people.
At this time of Behdieñkhlam celebration of the Seiñraij Jowai, we firmly believe that through this Behdieñkhlam whose purpose is to drive away the evil and disease in the society, the COVID-19 pandemic will be driven away from Jaintia Hills. the State and the world.
Dr. Kharlukhi, who is also an MP in the Rajya Sabha, said that although the NPP has not been able to win many MLAs from Khasi Hills, it will do well in the MDC elections. Dr. Kharlukhi acknowledged that the emergence of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) will have a positive impact on the MDC elections in Khasi Hills.
The statue, which stands tall in front of the State Central, was erected by the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress in honor of three great men of the state including Tirot Singh, Kiang Nangbah and Patogan Sangma.
That is, you have lost that phone that has been in use for nearly 200 years.
“The rest of the dead lived not again until the thousand years were finished”.
In the final match, Pateinki Sabah beat Ksehsylle Ialong 2-0
“This victory in these past matches has encouraged me to continue this cycle in the coming days with the blessings of God,” said Phyrnai.
These students include those who have passed the examinations at the SSLC, HSSLC, Degree and PhD levels and besides 75 students, 20 students have entered the In memory of Paiem Tirot Sing Syiem, the KSU has also paid tribute to Paiem Tirot Sing Syiem on this 188th death anniversary. The 1 minute silence was held and the day was enriched by the music and singing by the Traditional Institute, Ribhoi College.
He said that there are two parts, one is that the promise of the political parties to the voters, it is the right of the political parties and it is the right of the voters to know. “What the political parties have promised, if it is just a promise, the promises will be implemented,” said Kumar.
Before the election, she said that these people should fulfill these demands, if they do not fulfill them, they will show their work after 30 days, because they are tired and tired of getting lies. Their gratitude from time to time to encourage our youth.
Jowai has received a Center in 2012 known as the MPSC Cell, Jowai and this Center has helped a lot to the youth of the area as they don't have to spend money to write. Examination to Shillong.
The time has come to pass a law against politicians so that the people can audit or ask for an accounting of their schemes and those who do not tell the truth can be set along and canceled in the next election. to punish government officers who do not respond to the needs of the people.
Ramdev said that research has been conducted on up to 500 different lines of drugs and these can be viewed online.
The road in Mynska has been allocated Rs 6 crore for the construction of the road, but after the road constructed by the new engine failed, the PWD department has allocated Rs 6 crore for the construction of the road. according to the method of implementation, it will cost 1 crore 1 km.
According to Bah Dkhar, MDCs receive a scheme of T.6 lakh per annum to implement the works of the people but there is no scheme in 2010-11 due to lack of funds.
Khliehriat Lber 28: Members of the Dorbar Shnong Thangskai under the leadership of Waheh Shnong Phaibiang Syrti today met with the heads of the Dalmia Dewbilat Factory at Thangskai. garbage collection company to demand and warn to stop the smuggling of garbage which pollutes the village.
He said that if the police department had been given independent powers in relation to Bah Thangkhiew, he would have been arrested because he has confidence in the police department.
Dr. Mawlong said that he has trained all four of their sons and now there is one son of his, who helps Bah Mawlong and he hopes that this son of his, will take over. this business provides care to his patients.
Speaking to reporters, the Working President of the CoRP, Bah Pateng Myrsing, said that the CoRP has taken this decision to close down the factory on the grounds that there is no They did not have any documents and when they went to inspect to ask for the documents, the management of the factory could not show that they had sufficient documents.
So at a funeral he was invited to dance.
It is here that the living and the dead will meet together in the wonderful Temple of the Lord Jesus.
A plan has also been prepared for the reconstruction of the Operation Theater and Surgical Ward.
It is also a way to remove the congestion of the old city of Shillong.
The Dorbar Shnong Diengshynrum has set rules for the candidates to conduct a smooth and orderly election campaign to avoid congestion and to keep the village clean and tidy free from garbage in the polling stations.
The Chief Minister and Deputy Chief Minister have made a mistake in announcing that there is no CEM in KHADC, but the hold on power when the majority is lost will be even worse, especially when there is no CEM. any spirit you work.
The project was launched at a meeting held at Larnai Community Hall in the presence of Bah ML Wanshong, Joint Director DCI, Shillong, Bah B Warjri, General Manager, DCIC, Dr.K Venkata Rao, Dy Director MGIRI, Kong S Kharpran, Functional Manager, DCIC, Jowai, Chairman of the Village Council, Bah Kyrmenlang Pyrtuh and the earthworkers.
They said that the lack of network has caused a lot of suffering to the people in these villages and which has led to the people who use mobile phones in these villages, to use Simcards from Bangladesh, just because of the Network availability within the state.
However, sources said that the union strongly condemns the Shillong Police for arresting these doctors without informing the authorities, but they came immediately and arrested them. to the police station.
The Forest Department of the State Government and KHADC at Rani Jirang have not arrested any illegal vehicles and this may have something to do with the free movement of timber vehicles. Meghalaya is the only city in Assam.
Jamris scored three goals each in the 2nd, 33rd and 60th minutes with one from Emlang Pakma.
In the final, the Hurricanes won the toss and elected to bat first by scoring 131 runs in 20 overs for the loss of nine wickets.
He said that the party also needs the elderly as well as the youth to carry out the work of the party and after winning the victory, it will also carry out the work related to the society. There is a stir in Garo Hills that the UDP party which is called the Khasi/Jaintia party has now started looking for the leaders of the UDP. Leaders, MLAs who will join the UDP party and contest from the UDP party, we have already discussed and agreed with some MLAs, their desire to contest from the UDP party. It is because they see the vacuum in the rule of law, we are happy that the wind of the UDP has now spread throughout the state.
Shira also questioned why if the government is still listening to the speeches of the GNLA or UALA, it cannot listen to the voice of the people of the state.
The RBI has also directed banks to immediately stop operating Rs 2000 notes.
The implementation of the Common Alerting Protocol through SMS has been set at a cost of T.354 crore.
In the second half which started at 2:30 pm, Sohryngkham SC beat Marbisu SC 1-2 goals. Mebanpynshngain Warkhyllew scored the first goal for Sohryngkham SC. Seiborlang Nongbri scored the second goal for Marbisu SC in the 21st minute followed by the second goal in the 59th minute. ban khur victory.
Along with the rest of the country, Jowai also celebrated its 75th Republic Day.
No one will dare to stand up or fight for the development of the region and the happiness of the people.
The Peace Rally will be held as a sign of condemnation against the killing of former General Secretary of the HNLC, Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew, by the police in the past few days and to demand that the government should to expedite the justice to the family of Bah Che and to the nation as a whole.
According to a statement from Bah Stelin Dkhar General Secretary, the 100th Anniversary of the arrival of the Salesian Missionaries in the North East of India and Khasi Jaintia Hills will also be celebrated on this day.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The Chairman of the National Skill Development Agency (NSDA) S Ramadorai on Tuesday said that it is necessary to renovate all the Industrial Training Institutes (ITIs) according to the changing times so that they can become a pathway for the economy. that young.
Therefore, the Seng invites all the youth, parents and especially the football fans to come and witness the match.
It is too early to jump to the conclusion that the BJP has already won.
Regarding the positive case of the Traffic Police, Dr War said that he had contact with a policeman from East Jaintia who tested positive and three health workers, who tested positive. One person is a nurse at Civil Hospital, one is a ward boy at Civil Hospital and one is a ward boy at NEIGRIHMS Hospital.
Residents of Rairangpur, Odisha, where Murmu village is located, have started celebrating with 20,000 fruits to eat.
The HSPDP Umroi leaders were also confirmed by Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit as the President of the HSPDP in the state. Seng for the preparation for the 2018 elections in the state.
According to the management of the company, they have already discussed and arranged with MECL and the remaining relocation is at the MECL office, as the company has completed its room to settle on this matter.
Furthermore, the presence of Mawshyireng, Mawbynna and resting places, such as in Mawsmai, Sohbar, Sohra and some other villages, makes the visitors talk about the strength of our ancestors.
Near Presbyterian Church Lad Rymbai, East Jaintia Hills District.
The State Government also appreciates the response of the HNLC to come forward to the negotiating table as proposed by the State Government and to receive assistance for its members. organizations, including, to begin their new life.
When others do something that benefits you or say something that can help you, you should congratulate or proclaim their good deeds, this will bring a little honor to you and to others.
In the second match, Sohra Combine CC won by five wickets against Cricket Smit.
The gain and loss of giving birth to the mother.
This violates the public trust.
The purpose of the Special Camp is to see who should be removed and who should not be removed.
So the matter I want to discuss is about that matter.
Subhash Shirodkar and Dayanand Sopte, MLAs from Goa, joined the BJP in front of Piyush Goyal, Minister of State for Home Affairs, at the BJP headquarters in Delhi.
Hurdles CC won by nine wickets and Shrimonto Hajong was named Player of the Match, who scored four runs for the team.
For Under Trial cases, we have also set a rule to grant bail.
On this occasion, the village leaders and the village leaders' unions sent a letter to Comingone Ymbon to convey to the Chief Minister who was unable to visit the village.
In a statement, the CSWO said that it has noticed that the number of buses operating on the curfew day is very low.
He said that up to T.41 lakh has been spent in addition to the T.1 crore that has already been spent.
Through the curfew and the distance, the fare has increased three and four times, so if the meter is implemented and the taxis are closed, it will be be a good example; Because here and there, it was a very shameful thing, where in a Maruti car, which should have seated only three, or four people, but it was filled with 6,7 people and this is very slow and Not only that, but it is also a little frightening, especially for women, at night, to take these taxis. shonglang, because even we, if we go abroad, we don't want to sit a lot, because we are afraid, lest those who sitlang, are robbers, or robbers (especially if we go to dkhar, that you are well aware of these robbery).
The violence and attacks by the Border Security Force (BSF) against the people in the border areas is not new.
Shillong: The alumni of Cherra Presbyterian Secondary School, Sohra, will hold a meeting on the 18th March 2022, at 1:30 pm at the school room, to discuss the There will also be a photograph of all the alumni of the school, which will be published in the 175th anniversary of the school, said the statement. Secretary, Cherra Presbyterian Secondary School Past Pupils Association, Sohra.
Regarding the number of residents who eat ar maloi, this reporter in collaboration with the village headmen, elders and youth from these border villages, found that there are more than 2,000 residents. Those who have registered to vote in Meghalaya and Assam.
Shillong, Iaiong 3: A young woman has been found dead from a car near Laitlyngkot village on Friday night. The youths of the village informed the Pynursla Police Station and took the girl away.
Besides the performers, many dignitaries including the Governor Phagu Chauhan, the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong, CEM KHADC Titostrawell Chyne, DGP Titostrawell Chyne, Dr LR Bishnoi, senior officers of various departments of the state government and others.
Pynïaid said the new EC has decided to strengthen the Enforcement Department of the Trade Department.
Mother Theressa said, if you are a Hindu, you must be a good Hindu and if you are a Muslim you must be a good Muslim and if you are a Christian you must be a good Christian etc. This can take the form of a religious plan. There are good people who follow the teachings of religion in their behaviour.
Following the complaint of the residents, a team of BBMP Forest Officers visited the GR Tech Park, Whitefield and Salarpuria Pvt Ltd Compound for felling of trees. and thou shalt complain against them.
The programs held in the village as part of the camp included skits on child marriage, alcohol abuse, agriculture and food production and processing. the skills and the way of working.
The tournament will be played in Lucknow, where the NE Zone will play first against the North Zone.
Dr Mukul Sangma's remarks came after the resignation of Congress MLA Martin M Danggo after the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma promised to grant a civil sub-division to Ranikor. spirit is still there.
When Bahnah came home, Deisy started to tell that Riia had invited her to visit her house.
The purpose of the Car Rally is to bring together the NCC members, to instill the spirit of leadership, the spirit of struggle and the spirit of patriotism.
The election in Sohiong was temporarily postponed after the death of the UDP candidate, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, who is also the former Minister of Home Affairs, on 20th June.
She said that it is clear that only the HSPDP is the party which has strong foundations to protect the nation, especially in this era when the violence against other nationalities has increased day by day. .
“Public administration should play a role in ensuring transparency as much as possible.
They should not rely solely on those organizations to do all these things for them while they themselves are sitting idle.
Shillong, July 12: The BJP East Jaintia Hills Mandal today gained strength with the election of Jhanika Siangshai, the Congress candidate for the 2023 MLA elections.
The scheme also aims to meet the needs of tourists better from vehicles, skilled drivers, tour guides, to easily rent vehicles at government prices and also to rebuild to the lad earn.
Vivek Agarwal of GLR Pharmaceuticals has reportedly fired one of his Garo colleagues from working with him in the pharmaceutical business.
About 28 households from four villages including Khalu, Bokchung, Riangdim and Riangshi have been affected by the floods and landslides recently and these villages also fall under Mawshynrut Constituency.
Jowai: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has vowed to take its own course against the government's lack of attention to the influx of mynder into the Khasi Jaintia Hills. mynder lane entry and exit points of foreign States.
“In fact, at the Dorbar Ka Bri Hynniewtrep on 30th June, we received the news that the KHADC has passed the VAB. VAB has been passed,” said the president of SKRS. On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnongs want the VAB whether it is for 2014 or 205, it doesn't matter.
In a statement, FIFA said the suspension was a violation of the FIFA Rules of Procedure. The AIFF Executive Committee will be repealed and the AIFF will have its own full and self-governing authority.
Shillong: There have been 569 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 517 recoveries and 11 deaths.
Strengthens the reading skills of children: Newspapers are the best source to strengthen the reading skills of children.
In the meantime, the government, police, air force and opposition parties have reached out to the victims of the floods.
However, in the FSI Report of 2017, it admitted that it is also due to logging and development works.
"I am proud to be able to lead not only the club but also Indian football as a whole at the top of Asian football," Buckingham said.
In an earlier order, the High Court said that the issue has been pending for a long time.
Not only that, the road from Ranikor to Baghmara has also been closed.
In this tournament, there are five pools divided into four groups each.
This disease has frightened everyone from the richest to the poorest, from the poorest to the richest.
This reporter, who rushed to the scene, saw for himself that the image of Jesus, which appeared for about 1 minute at 11.18 pm, appeared in the sky. and the journalist saw the whole body of Jesus, although he did not recognize it clearly, because it was in the highest heaven. electricity was installed in the village.
Many speakers also criticized the VAB for being incomplete but said that even the Roman Empire could not be built in one day which means that if there are mistakes they can be corrected because even the VAB the Constitution of India has also been amended many times.
On the other hand, the DCPU said that if no one goes to work for the child, the office will accept that the child can be given away. You can call 0364-250 2310 or mobile number
Expressing his happiness over his victory for the fourth time, Bah Sanbor Shullai, said, “I am happy and I pray to God through his blessings, I have won once again in this election. MLA with 11,600 votes and I would like to congratulate and thank the voters of South Shillong who have given their support under my leadership.
“On the other hand, the government appeals to the youth not to misunderstand that the love of the country and the nation has many layers. said the Prime Minister's Secretary.
There are 135 households from 15 villages who have registered to receive the scheme but have not yet received it.
Referring to the claim that TMC leaders will leave the party after the elections, Banerjee said, “It is unfounded to listen too much to rumors from the market. Banerjee also urged Conrad Sangma to think first, while in five years you have not been able to be with the people of your state. He campaigned for his party, the National People's Party, before it became the National Puppets Party.
The first god, the Lord Jesus, was the firstfruits of the resurrection.
Diseases, Insects and Animals that eat PaiU pai has many enemies that try to destroy it such as insects, wild animals and disease-causing fungi, and those called viruses, those organs or plants that cause diseases, which I have explained briefly in the article on rice.
In a letter to the Registrar of NEHU, Prof AS Dixit, the General Secretary of NEHU, Bah Roykupar Synrem, said that the union has received information that the application has been submitted by Dr Natalie Jo-Anne Diengdoh. (ST) for the post of Associate Professor in the Department of Journalism and Mass Communication on 15th June 2022 and handed over the hardcopies of the certificates at Establishment II on 16th June
Sometimes I wonder how Shillong can accommodate hundreds of students who come to study every year, regardless of those who come to study for jobs or for other reasons. .
There was a mass protest in Cape Town and the army had to come out to stop the shooting in Lesotho.
This was also supported by Ram Madhav.
“Wrongdoing is wrongdoing.
However, she said that the government authorities are very careful even when there are such vehicles that carry more than what is allowed.
Speaking at the confirmation ceremony of the new office bearers of the UDP Mylliem on Friday, Bah Paul said, “At this time when we are talking about how to prepare the manifesto of the party, Our party but other parties say there is no need for a manifesto but the moneyfesto is enough.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The polling for the mid-term MP elections for the Tura Lok Sabha constituency has gone smoothly without any incident, with 75 percent turnout from 7 am to 5 pm. all over the Garo Hills.
The body of the Archbishop will be laid to rest at Guwahati Provincial House, Byrnihat Parish, Nongpoh Parish, Umsning Parish and Mawlai Parish.
On the other hand, D.Marwein, who is a transgender woman, said that she is sorry for Bah Shylla's statement not to recognize them.
The vehicle (ML 05 F 1601) was driven by Kiewdorlang Riahtam.
Shillong: On the first day of the 10-day lockdown in three cities in Meghalaya, Shillong, Jowai and Tura, which started from 1st June, 2021, has seen the disobedience and disrespect of the people to the order issued by the Government to stay at home to prevent the spread of Covid
There have been groups that have met with the officials of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in the past years on this issue.
So far, 69,597 people have recovered and 51,784 have recovered.
The East Khasi Hills Police Department has decided to withdraw its decision to ban traffic from NEEPCO to Laitumkhrah Police Point after it was found to be insufficient.
Such a Dorbar Khynnah is also located in Wahmawleiñ village in the same area, and this village has also received an award from the Central Government a few years ago for the cleanliness in the village and the presence of children who responsible for keeping the city clean.
On Kiren Rijiju's recent statement that the BJP will grant the ILP if it wins many MLAs in 2023, Mawrie said the ILP is still under consideration by the Home Ministry. Therefore, the party cannot blame us on this because we request the Central Government from time to time to look into this matter as soon as possible.
The match which started at 2 pm at the 1st Ground SSA Stadium between Iatyllilang SC and Mawkriah West SC. don't cover.
The woman, pictured, has still not been found.
Madonbai Rymbai said that the inability of the state government to collect revenue properly has led to the inability to release the coal revenue to the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council.
JOWAI: Five MDCs of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) have joined the BJP.
Furthermore, on this day, the participation of women, young men and women was to showcase various dance styles.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Vincent Makri, Leader of the KSU, thanked the state government for taking the initiative to accompany these students who have returned to the state. It has taken action to provide protection to the students of the state who are studying in Manipur.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: The two matches of the SSA 2nd Division Football League 2023 which was played at the 1st Ground of the SSA Stadium today came to an end. khur is the name.
Our villages and towns are ready to participate in the preservation of the environment as well as the culture and beliefs of the ancients,” said Conrad.
The infection rate increased by 7.1 percent for those aged 18 years and above and by 0.73 percent during the first survey, which ran until June
Where, then, shall we get that justice? At present, the courts, especially in our state, are the money-making factories of the judges and prosecutors; they are not the places of holy judgment for the guilty.
