The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, has visited many villages in South Garo Hills, which is the district most affected by the floods in the state.
Shillong, July 14: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Tuesday sent a letter to the Minister of Education, Skill Development and Entrepreneurship, Dharmendra Pradhan requesting him to take action on the issue. Students of Meghalaya have been forced to write the Central University Entrance Test (CUET) examination outside the state despite the lack of time.
He said that so far 1944 samples have been tested negative, 1822 samples are pending, 110 samples are pending, 10 have recovered and 1 is positive.
Sanbor Shullai has expressed his anger over the statement by Ernest Mawrie that Sanbor Shullai and AL Hek, who is the leader of the same party and also the Minister of Home Affairs, They should not submit a written statement if they feel that Bah Mawrie should be removed from the post of President.
The summons came after the police lodged a complaint against the teachers on the 21st of this month, for allegedly firing tear gas. on the 6th, at the Secretariat.
Not only that, the traffic of the people has been affected besides the parked vehicles and loads on the roads for nearly three months.
Nongstoiñ: Upper New Nongstoiñ is one of the villages in the center of Nongstoiñ and it is also the village that suffers the most electricity shortages, compared to other villages. villages in the middle of the town which has also caused the residents of the town to complain about the power outage.
The main theme of the two-day program is to showcase all the capabilities of the Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO) and the space agency and to collaborate in future science missions.
“We must empower hundreds of young people who have their own business and the idea of ​​starting their own business because everyone can participate in their own business.
For this purpose, the public should be careful not to give or show anyone the information related to banks or ATMs. steal your ATM.
This is also part of the provision for those tourists who are prepared to spend a lot of money both on the venues and also on travel when they come to these states.
Therefore, all Fair Price Shop Dealers are requested to obtain their permits from the office below and to complete the distribution of the rice by 10th November 2023, without delay, using the that e- Mail machine in online mode.
Recently, the cow race in the Mawjrong area between the German from Jaintia Hills and Bamkamar from the Khasi Hills has attracted the attention of the spectators as the ticket price is 100 tyngka each. pay for tickets for the famous big cats.
The demand of the commission works well on the boundary of Syiem Mylliem and Khyrim constituencies, except for the Municipal areas or those villages which have been cleared.
“Rejoice in the Lord every day.
The traffic jam in Upper Shillong may have been caused by vehicles returning from villages of different constituencies after the polling on the 27th of this month to elect the Leaders to the Legislative Assembly.
He said that there are 16 dioceses in Myanmar and out of these 14 are ethnic religious states like you and as a church, we are one in the Eucharist.
Bety said that after receiving the order from the High Court, the owners of the PS have lodged a complaint with the HNYF Women Wing. you take this step.
According to the new price, Rani said that the daily wage is T.
“IVCSs play an important role in changing the mindset of local entrepreneurs in our communities.
Steve Syiemlieh took one wicket for 13 runs and Ram Gurung took one wicket for 28 runs for Nokrek Tigers.
He said that if the driver of the sumo wanted to kill, he should have killed the passengers first.
Speeches were also delivered by the mother of Conrad and James Sangma, Soradini K Sangma.
They will be interrogated for four days.
They have now had to wait for the release of all their outstanding salaries from January this year.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong today said that the state government has spent 100,000 rupees to fight against Covid-19 in the state from October to November. 399 crore.
Speakers included Sevenborn Tang, Ex-MDC, Rangbah Shnong, Kmen Lapasam and others.
In this era of unemployment, the Government should also develop a Plan and Policy on how to really develop the farmers which will be a source of employment for the youth. The spirit of the people is only a promise in writing and without any work to improve the farmers or even the unemployed youth.
I am sorry for the Waheh Shnongs who are in such a difficult situation and that is, that in these days, they have become chowkidars or sangot without pay and that is that when it happens They need to explain to the public around the world and in their citizenship, but they have to become wise to explain about the disease, to take responsibility for the distribution of food, meat, food and drink. , to prevent entry and exit with a heavy responsibility.
As one of the leading leaders of the UDP in Jaintia Hills, Bah Kyrmen said that the UDP hopes to win more seats in Jaintia Hills this time.
On the other hand, Mawhati MLA, Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare through the MLA scheme has distributed soping tins to 1230 poor families in the presence of NPP leaders including RM Mukhim, NPP Mawhati Working President, Donbok Kharnaior, Secretary, Shemphang Lyngdoh, NPP Candidate from Mawhati and many others.
The road from the old bus stand near Laban Police Station to St. John School has faced the same problem.
Hundreds of market vendors have arrived in Khyndai Lad and Motphran since 10 pm yesterday to urge the government to allow them to hold markets to supply food. ha la that ing that sem.
“The Government has said that the roster will be prospective but the calculation in the Roster Register/Account since 1972 shows that the roster will be retrospective.
Other sports including athletics, cycling, karate, swimming and table tennis will start on Tuesday.
This has started in the past few months and it has been shown that many people have come to register their names. Initially, the registration rate for Aadhaar was only 13 percent, but now it has increased to 78.21 percent. percent.
goodbye beta.
Although schools, colleges and other educational institutions have started to reopen in the past few months, the teaching in educational institutions is still in turmoil. and it went on smoothly, as expected.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today decided to hold a meeting for the welfare of the Khasi people and to resolve the demands of the people of the state. .
“Tourism goes hand in hand with the conservation of the environment and the protection of wildlife, trees and other living things, but if the government goes ahead with the construction of the dam in Wah Umngot, all this will happen. the stores will be affected," Reachingson added.
It is learned that Don Bosco Higher Secondary School is preparing to hold a sports meet for the children and today the children are preparing for the sports meet, but due to the smoke. and the smoke from the factories There have been children who have had to die from the smoke from the factories.
However, regarding the government as it is the government of our people, we must be clear whom to elect to lead us in the government to run the state.
I believe that many of the people of the district have expected that there will be an improvement of this road in the coming rainy season. Do you want to maintain this road? Do you want it to be like this? Will those who should be in charge do whatever they want and will you do whatever you want? but one thing that the government and you as the leaders should know that the people of the district want to get a good road and we expect that the maintenance of the road should be thorough, durable and and shall not cause trouble to the people in their journey.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) hopes that the condolences will help win the Sohiong constituency seat, where the elections were postponed due to the sudden death of the party's candidate who is also a prominent politician. Mr. HDR Priest.
“There are 342 households in this area and in the meeting held with the government, the Joint Survey of 2008 between the Municipal, Urban Affairs and the people here, the government has accepted. This is with all 342 households living in this area because one of these households is employed in government departments”.
“They also said that some youths who had been waiting for too long fell on the road and suddenly fell ill and were immediately taken to hospital.
Aswaghosh has been appointed as SP (Traffic) of East Khasi Hills.
*According to the RTI received on 23/8/2021 and 1/10/2021, the MCH & FW has replied that regarding the vaccination of Covid-19, the residents have the right to I don't agree with you.
Nongpoh: The District Transport Officer, Ri Bhoi District, today announced the release of commercial vehicles, including local taxis and auto rickshaws, from the 4th of this month. There are other rules that the public and drivers should know and follow according to the directives of the DTO office. For Local Taxis, it is allowed. Only 3 passengers are allowed to sit in one vehicle, 1 in front and 2 in back, while Auto Rickshaws are allowed to sit only 2 passengers in the back seat.
He said that the inclusion of the word 'recruitment cycle' in the OM instead of the word 'recruitment year' or year of recruitment in the State Reservation Policy is not accidental but This is intentional because the Government wants to bypass/violate Para 2 of the State Reservation Policy, the following recruitment year.
SHILLONG: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) will discuss the joint candidate for the Lok Sabha elections next month, Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong today said.
He also mentioned some of the implementation measures of the government which have already started including the laying of wire cables underground, the painting of buildings, the construction of footpaths and beautification of the city.
The Federal Bank has donated this assistance through its CSR Program as part of the improvement of health services in Meghalaya.
It should have recognized it as a threat to society and India as a whole and included it in the list of terrorist organizations.
Once again, the KSU appeals to the Meitei brothers and sisters to ensure that the Khasi in Manipur should live in peace and harmony, so that the close relationship between the Khasi people in Manipur will be maintained. The Khasi and the Meitei will wear Shirta.
Even I have not been able to hold many of my rallies,” said Conrad.
On this occasion, the Chief Guest and Symbud Chief Guest handed over Computers to 9 VECs, Checks through FOCUS to 106 Producer Groups and Sanction Letters to 100 Self Help Groups. .
Khliehriat, July 4: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday sent a donation to the family of Tbn S.Thoo who was affected by the fire. This happened on the 30th November 2022 at Umshong village. The fire destroyed all the belongings in the house and it was a great loss to the family. that there has been no loss of human life.
Shillong, March 13: Police on Saturday arrested Bah Eldie Newton Lyngdoh, Secretary of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (KKJGP) Sengkmie. , not in Jaiaw.
The Government has issued the notice on Thursday from the Personnel Department.
It was also found that he was the man who demanded money over the phone from the suspect, and it was also found that he became friends with the accused through Facebook after he ordered them to take the money. money that you have asked for from this lanot.
“At the time of writing, we used to be happy, but later many questions came up,” he said.
The leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council Maweit Circle for the current term are Jeremiah Dkhar, Vice President Pynshai Shyrkon, Lambha Rongrin, Vice President Shemphang Tyrsa, Assistant General Secretary George Marweiñ and others.
When we talk about the Kingdom of God we are talking about its principles and the principles of the Kingdom of God are righteousness, truth, equality and respect for life.
“In this regard, we request you to take immediate action according to the law, and that the evidence should be with the person who made these statements,” said Bah Basaïawmoit.
Lumshyiap FC beat Nongkhyriem FC by 2 runs.
In a statement, the HYC Umiam Circle President Shinestar Kharpan said that it will continue to be vigilant and conduct more frequent searches to prevent the entry and exit of poiei. They are the ones who are responsible for the Bri of Hynniewtrep.
Voice of People Party (VPP) President Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit said that this time the election has been different because the enthusiasm of the people to come to vote is full.
The Minister said that in the past 50 years, the education system has deviated from the principles of the safety and future of the students and to insist that all decisions should be taken. the leading ones for students.
If the Government money is used to buy medicines and temporarily dispose of them, it is immediately corruption.
U Bah Pynshai said that the improvement of the road to Upper Shillong is a long-awaited project of the people of Shillong. for.
Police sources said that after receiving a tip that Raju Dkhar was going to Silchar to buy or take a consignment of illegal contraband, the police immediately arrested him. ANTF and Umkiangki Police have set up checkpoints and arrested Raju Dkhar and another person, Lamphrang Kyndait. When questioned, Raju Dkharu revealed the name of Jop Siangshai and said that he was the moneylender whom they wanted to deliver to him. The ANTF of Khliehriat also arrested Jop Siangshai.
If a child is raped, he or she will be raped.
As you can see, they love Aitilin.
Bah RM ShabongThis is the age of social media and its power works harder than the classrooms and the reason is that there are those who don't know how to read and write, but now they There are those who have been trained in abkd, but they have changed the law of literacy and They don't write, just to make those who chat understand.
Shillong: U Minister of State, Bah Hamletson Dohling, on Tuesday said that the holiday in honor of Syiem Tirot Singh is not enough, but the government should build a monument in honor of him. great.
Later, seeing the negligence of the state government especially the MDA government on this first dewbilat factory in the state, it has brought a little hope that this factory will revive once again.
Shillong, Iaiong : As part of celebrating the diversity of food available from all over the country and also to improve its operations, KFC India has launched a The #KFCBucke tCanvas campaign has been launched to open up to 600 restaurants.
Although we cannot stop the influx of foreigners, we have many weapons to stop the trade and the ownership of land, there are protection laws, but it is the pursuit of peace and the spirit of peace. , a spirit of pride and pride that allows these humble foreigners to continue to rule our country.
Some of the children spend time on the selection of foods for taming anxieties.
Ribait Lhuid 9' and Baiahluti Dhar 15' scored the first goal for Lutituber SW. Lutituber SW beat Lutituber SW 4-2 in the first division.
“If they don't release them publicly, there is a hidden suspicion on the part of the Government and the Police Department,” said Bah Erwin.
In this age of rongphong, many of the young people have forgotten even their lives, because they have lost their lives, but the presence of those leaders to guide them will be a blessing to them. and that they may know how to walk in the path which they should walk to reach the goal.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Roshan said that besides preaching the gospel at that time, the missionaries worked to spread the word of God, and established schools. and hospitals for the benefit of the people of this area.
“This issue has been on the table since 2022 and there has been no arrangement from the Government and the Deputy Commissioner's Office to detain the illegal immigrants. More and more foreigners are invading the country,” the party said in a statement.
The government authorities from the past to the present have increasingly improved their working methods in order to ensure peace and order in the society.
The Bible says: “And unto the angel of the church in Philadelphia write; These things saith he that is holy, he that is true, he that hath the key of David, he that openeth, and no man shutteth; and he shutteth, and no man openeth.
And when you say that it is the Christian church that makes the Bhoi, Pnar, War, and Khynriam understand each other, didn't the Khasi understand each other before the Christian church came? Don't talk too much like a street drunk! Know that Thomas Jones wrote about the Khasi alphabet on the word, not that he came to create words or create words in our nation because our nation has its own language or sound. crane from the house.
The proposal to build the health center was announced at the General Meeting of the Ri Bhoi Traditional Healers Association (RBTHA) at Pahamsyiem on Saturday. Hundreds of traditional healers from 7 Sub-Circles of Ri Bhoi District also participated.
The Kur Dkhar also condemned the Waheh Shnong of Rangad for allowing him to apply for an Epic card in the name of the village.
However, he was not surprised, as he had been with Dr. Mukul Sangma since he was a young man in the Congress party and he knew how to prepare for the election.
One of the leaders of the Manipur Support Group said, “We are gathered here today to call for peace and to end the bloodshed in Manipur.
“Regarding the cleanliness of the morning, if we turn to Mawlai village which has a place to store garbage from Shillong, Marten is very sad to see because all the garbage we put east”.
Shillong: MeECL employees under the banner of CCO RMAU and NCCOEEE today staged a meeting to hold a meeting to discuss the issue of electricity supply. the protest is over.
In this regard, there have been many cases where District Councils have reduced the powers of Chiefs and Headmen.
The revenues received by the KHADC are from departments including Land Revenue, Forest, Administration of Justice, Market, Trade, Stationery and Printing, Royalty on Major and Minor Minerals, Taxes on Motor Vehicle, Taxes on Profession etc. , Civil Work and Development, Miscellaneous Receipt, Grant in-aid for Protection of Tribal Land and Interst, Revenue from Tolls.
Harirchi, Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, has been diagnosed with Coronavirus after visiting patients infected with the disease in the country.
However, after a while he fled and when his family members arrived at Nongstoiñ, these people said that he had fled.
This type of exercise helps patients to clear their minds of stress.
Meanwhile, Police Home Guard Volunteer Dwustar Lyngkhoi of Madanryting Traffic Branch who was driving the vehicle on this road tried to stop the vehicle, but the driver ignored the Traffic Home Guard. He tried to flee and hit the Traffic Home Guard while the driver of the vehicle got off and hit the Traffic Home Guard.
The MCB is short and connected to the rum.
During the Mahapanchayat, Surendra Solanki, head of Palam 360 Khap, announced that if these demands cannot be implemented before the Lok Sabha elections, the protest will be held. The AAP MLAs have threatened to hold strong protests in the offices of the Prime Minister. One Islamic State (ISIS) militant and two others have been arrested. They were arrested by the Special Cell of Delhi Police yesterday.
At such a time, the party or constituency feelings should be temporarily resolved but it is time to unite together to find ways and means how to resolve the issues so that peace and order can prevail. once again especially as it is the examination season for students at various levels.
If there is no policy, the opportunity will be opened only to those who cannot afford it or only to those places where there are no facilities while in other places, they will stay there even though they have the necessary skills. .
Tarun Vijay (53) is a writer and volunteer.
Following the strong opposition of the residents of Rambrai area to the mining in Mawlangria village, the District Administration of WKHD on 10th June visited the village to conduct an inspection.
At the same time, the party warns against those who take advantage of these times of protest and damage government property.
Conrad said that everyone should understand that there is only one nature in this world and it is necessary to preserve and bring peace.
These Bangladeshis are from Sylhet and Habibganj, Bangladesh.
The victim was identified as Sushil Gorai (35) of Lapur Rangsagar, West Bengal. The enemy was killed before and the robbers came and broke into that place.
In collaboration with the Assam Police, searches were conducted in some suspected places where these people live, but they were not found as they had fled.
(The year is not known).
On the 27th of this month, the Government of India and the Government of Assam signed a Memorandum of Settlement with the Dimasa National Liberation Army (Dimasa Peoples). The Supreme Council (DNLA/DPSC) at a meeting held in Delhi.
He also gave the example of the incident last year when teachers could not sleep on the streets to demand their rights.
When the time comes, we will announce them.
He said that the State as of now, is returning about 450 million units of electricity which was used by the State during the past monsoon and during the dry season.
There was a great earthquake, a great earthquake that shook the powers of heaven.
Not only Bah Kynpham Mynsong and other PDF leaders have spoken on this issue but even the people have expressed the same voice that they have supported those rich candidates or candidates who foreigners who come to mislead the people only during the elections.
In addition, there should be barriers on narrow and dangerous roads to prevent vehicles from falling into the night.
This Act as we can see will have a serious impact on the people of India in the coming years. As the CAA, it has been clear that India is in a position to be equal to other powerful countries in terms of employment, food and other needs of the people. quickly to give land to foreigners from other neighboring countries.
Evergreen Mukhla opened the scoring in the 42nd minute through Teddyson Bang.
As these grounds are sufficient, the union expects the government to take action.
Regarding the issuance of Trading License to the company to operate the Four Lane Road, the KHADC has not delayed the issuance of the license after finding that it has the necessary documents of the CEM's explanation.” In his explanation, the EM said that the EC has appointed a team of inquiry and found that the allegations are not true. The power of the Shongknor of the household is not in the members of it,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ.
Once I invited them all to the office in Jowai and through that discussion with all four of them, it was possible to arrange for the election.
“If the Central Government by force passes this Bill in the Lok Sabha, the KSU President said, “If the Central Government by force passes this Bill in the Lok Sabha, Rajya Sabha, this shows that they do not consider the people of the North East as citizens of India.
At the time of writing, the body of the woman has not been found.
The Constitution of India, after Independence on 15th August 1947, was drafted by the members of the Constituent Assembly, who were elected from each constituency. or ethnic groups from all over India.
Even in 2-Tura Parliamentary Constituency, younger people should be elected to see the change.
I was very happy in this regard, I thought that the Lamphang may have found new ways on how to prevent the spread of COVID-19 while giving advice to the Chief Minister, so I read I immediately read all the newspapers as I had at the beginning, from the Nongsain Hima, Mawphor, Rupang (with the smile of the Speaker and the smile of the CM) and others.
Shillong, Nailar 5: The FKJGP Mawlai Circle has appointed Jacquiline Nongkhlaw as the new BM of the United Bank of India (FKJGP) Mawlai Branch. you UBI, Maulay.
Therefore, through this statement, all the Presidents/Secretaries of the Circles and Tnat Sengs are requested to attend the meeting on the date and time mentioned above. take this as a proclamation.
“As school children we are living in these days which is the era of competitive world from childhood to adulthood and when it comes to schooling it is an era of competition because as the saying goes, “only those who have done well, those can survive" which means they will reach the goal of success.
Then there are others who have left other parties to join others.
The Chairperson said that the State Government has issued the order to appoint the Chairperson in June 2014 and due to the many shortcomings in the working methods of the Government and also the lack of funds, no appointment order has been issued. It was only at the end of June that it was able to get a proper office in Nongshilliang.
He also urged the women not to hesitate but to take the tyndong shet jingshet by providing the documents without paying any money in order to make it easier for them to shet and tiew especially to avoid traveling. and to use wood during cooking which also produces garbage which can pollute the air we breathe.
The Rangbahkurs who attended the function were the Chief Executive Member, Bah George Warjri, Saiñpynïar, Bah Sunshine Warjri, Bah P Barkos O Warjri and Bah Rudy Warjri and other leaders of the Sengkmie.
Speaking to media after the launch of the party's election manifesto, Bah Ardent said that the needs of the people of the state have been put forward and it is clear that the party's manifesto is it is for the people and the state as a whole.
Nongsiej said that the piglets which the government has distributed in West Khasi Hills, Nongstoin, Rambrai, Nonglang and Shallang, have turned into a big problem for them. the sñiang of the shepherds of the cities.
Thus, by the end of 1920, the plague had killed up to 100 million people.
After the counting of votes, a counting of votes was held in which both the parties participated and in this counting of votes, Bah Thabah received 218 votes while the opponent received 218 votes. Kishan Nongkynrih, Rangbah Shnong, received 126 votes.
Police are conducting investigation.
God will take away the kingdom from the beast, and those saints will rule with Jesus Christ for 1000 years.
Earlier, there was a heavy fighting between the Home Guard Volunteers who tried to block the road, in which the police blocked the road and several people were seriously injured on both sides.
He said that a Social Impact Assessment (SIA) has been released for the railway line.
Police have warned the public not to be deceived by such offers and to confirm with the service providers before paying.
“I am surprised (to see how they decided to sit) because a few of the leaders have vowed to leave the NPP-led MDA Government and then they have made many allegations in which even I. “If you feel like leaving, why don't you leave but as it is now, it's too late (for them) to leave,” he said.
The group of Bosewell Khongthohrem on the 4th June 2020 will march to the Syiem's ​​House to protest against the appointment of Acting Rangbah Shnong and to demand that a full election of Rangbah Shnong should be held within the village.
“The strike will continue and the strike may turn into a hunger strike.
According to the family members of the victim, the four robbers were identified as Everest Hynniewta, Richard Umdor, Mostly Shylla and Pynjanai Synshong. Not only did they shoot and beat Damas Nongkhlaw, but they also looted the money that was in the body of the old man.
Regarding the government's salary release, it has turned into a small salary that has been distributed to the children, because if the money is distributed to all the ASHA workers, the money released by the government, which This means that ASHA workers will receive very little and nothing appropriate to the work they do.
More than 160 people have lost their lives and hundreds of others have been injured since the beginning of the protests in Manipur.
The present world is full of evil, Wherever we turn, it is full of hatred.
Kazakhstan has reported another outbreak of fever, known as the fever, which is still rampant in Kazakhstan, which is believed to be a type of Covid-1 pat don has found evidence yet.
He said that Yemen, which is 800 feet above sea level, does not lack electricity, as happens in Meghalaya, which is only hundreds of feet above sea level.
“We have completed all the measures and what remains now is to relocate these shopkeepers in parts of Khyndailad, but farther away from them. roadways and sidewalks.
The vehicle bearing the three persons, a Maruti Zen (AS01 R 1724) collided with a parked truck (ML
“Promising that his Government is determined to monitor the border talks with Assam, the Prime Minister said, “We will continue to monitor this and ensure that it reaches the end.
Three people have died and all three have not been injected.
In her speech, Ms Shylla congratulated the leaders of Better Life SHG for their hard work in bringing such a large market in Jowai and this is also for the benefit of the people to buy their goods. those who come from within the country and abroad as well.
The Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) has decided to hold a sit-in on the 25th of this month in all district headquarters of the state.
Ilawankmen Nongbri in the 48kg category and Lorenza Songthiang in the 54kg category.
Rida's mother began to wonder what had happened.
ADIPR: The Sonapyrdi Dorbar Shnong has distributed 20 byrni of rice to all the residents of the village donated by MLA Shitlang Pale, MDC Emlangki Lamare and KSU Sonapyrdi.
They prove that every 2000 years there is a storm.
Shillong, Lber 01: The Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) will hold a meeting on 5th October to discuss the outcome of the meeting convened by the Prime Minister. Sangma last month.
These 9 months are a very important time because to be clean is not to be late.
Countries and kingdoms that do not appoint gods to themselves, and that exalt the rights and freedoms of man at their heads, are peaceful.
He said that the 8 km road has been constructed under the PMGSY scheme at a cost of billions of rupees. “We have seen the shortcomings in the construction of the road, but it is sad to say that no government department has come to inspect the construction of the road and bridge,” said Bah Marius Jyrwa.
They found that there has been a distribution of expired thyrnia to IDUs (Injecting Drug users) which has put at risk those under the care of Jowai and Lad Rymbai centres.
He said that these members of the NFNS have informed that they want to hold the meeting at any place in Khasi Jaintia Hills but not in Khasi Jaintia Hills. in the city of Shillong.
CoRP Umden Circle under the leadership of its President, Bah Ashok Khongsit together with its members on Tuesday met with the Director of NESAC, PLN Raju. The office includes an auditorium hall, residential buildings and others.
Therefore, you were not created only to seek pleasure in this world, or to accumulate wealth, or to think only of eating and drinking, sleeping and enjoying the world like animals; The purpose of your creation is far more precious than all these. The purpose of your creation is to think and purify your soul by loving and serving the Lord righteously.
Shah said that if a language can unite the country, then it is Hindi, which can unite, because it is the most widely spoken language.
That's why the Tanky can't have water.
“The people who are in charge of the political parties themselves are poor people and come from poor families,” he said.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The Chief Minister's Youth Campaign for Green (IBDLP) was held in Shillong today. The tree planting festival was organized by the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District in collaboration with the Forest and Environment Department and the Soil and Water Conservation Department. which is near Lawkyn in Mawphlang.
Two CRPF platoons have been deployed to monitor the situation and have been assigned the task of elections and one platoon has been deployed in the city.
However, at present, there is no law to curb the illegal activities as in the past, so they will continue until they have thoroughly investigated and found ways how to do it.
The death toll from the coronavirus has risen to 811, surpassing the death toll from SARS in 2002-2
"“With the establishment of such programs I am sure that the popularity of chess will increase.
We live in a time when almost anything can be sold to be bought.
The woman leader said the government sells petrol to England and Australia at T.37 per litre, while in the country, it sells at T.78-7
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The match of the 1st Division Football League 2023-24 between Malki SC and Mawkhar SC has come to an end at the SSA Ground, Polo. in the judgment.
“Fortunately, God willing and we will win again in 2023, for these houses, the poor I will not build like this anymore but I will do another scheme where every place we will build with The apartments will be provided to those who cannot afford to build their own houses,” said Bah Banteidor.
It's not just now, you have to do this every time, as soon as the tmain starts to grow,” said the mother with a smile.
The Lyngngam, because they were less paid, fled.
It is for this reason that in India as a whole, Sunday is the day when many government offices are closed, schools are closed and even many shops are closed on Sunday.
For seventy weeks shall be fulfilled upon thy people, to make an atonement for transgressions, and to take away sins, to make an atonement for iniquity, to bring in everlasting righteousness, to fulfill the revelations and the visions. the prophecies, to anoint the most holy.
The two religious leaders are expected to arrive in Guwahati tonight after leaving Patna immediately after the incident.
Therefore, the Union has sent a letter to the DC to remind the Government and the Chairman of the Regional Committee to take measures to expedite this work as the Union has written. There have been many demands for the retention of the Langpih Sector in Meghalaya.
On the other hand, Bah Ernest Mawrie said that today is a happy day for the party to celebrate Goa Diwas and to share the relationship between Meghalaya and Goa.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The wife of Kyrmen Lyngdoh Nonglait, Kismilinda Snaitang, who was killed on Saturday evening, has said that Kyrmen Lyngdoh Nonglait, Kyrmen Lyngdoh, was killed on Saturday evening. While he was waiting for his son to go shopping, the villagers called out that Bah Kyrmen was lyngktar on the ground.
These farmers, during their visit, said, “We are the farmers first”.
Bah Monarch Shabong For more than a year now, the Shillong Political League has not been very good.
In an interview on a Marathi television programme, Gadkari said the BJP had never intended to come to power in
Shillong, Jymmang 20 : Thangsning SCC and Lumpaia Avengers CC have continued to win the 2nd District T20 Cricket Tournament 2023 organized by the East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (EKHCA). on Monday.
“I understand, I can't do anything, but I have to accept it, but for you, my son, I want to explain that stupid thought like in those days,” said the mother. “We all need money, even the richest man is still struggling to get money. and the raitoi that was cut down from the hand to the throat.
The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) has fined two players, Virat Kohli of Royal Challengers Bangalore and Gautam Gambhir, manager of Lucknow Super Giants. .
Therefore, we have decided that if we want to bring about change, let us do it immediately and look into all aspects and bring in a detailed policy and plan,” said Conrad Sangma.
The transition from one season to another brings many changes to the daily routine.
The Block Development Officer, Khliehriat West District on Tuesday distributed Work Orders for the construction of houses under the PMAY-G scheme.
The incident happened at 8:55 pm during a training session at the Air Force Academy near Dindigul district.
The Customs Department has said that it continues to fight against all smuggling activities through the border areas, which includes smuggling of gold, cigarettes, drugs, wildlife, counterfeit money and others. other illegal activities in collaboration with government security agencies.
There were also many vehicles that were damaged by the stone throwing by the crowd.
The disease is said to have spread from chimpanzees, and so far millions of people in the world have been affected by the disease which the world's scientists have not been able to cure. to you.
Earlier, Mamata Banerjee had said that if all the political parties unite, then the defeat of the BJP would be easy.
Those who use oxygen concentrators should ensure that the humidifiers are cleaned regularly.
As soon as he had done so, he climbed up on those trees, and, at his request, his friends set them on fire.
They also discussed the concerns of the truck owners regarding the fare set by the Government of Meghalaya.
Now therefore send, and gather to me all Israel unto mount Carmel, and the prophets of Baal four hundred and fifty, and the prophets of the groves four hundred, which eat at Jezebel's table. -19.
“Compared to other states, Meghalaya is still lagging behind in terms of economic development,” he said, adding that recently the chairperson of the UPA government Sonia Gandhi praised Mizoram for its development. It is one of the fastest growing states even in the fact that this state has implemented the ILP”.
“The Chief Election Commissioner has announced the polling dates for the Lok Sabha elections which I believe the media has received detailed information.
In his speech, Bah Morning Riahtam Rangbah Dong, expressed his great satisfaction that this house has been completed, which the Dong will be able to use, especially in these days of many meetings, the 100 days of work. ,which are held in Madan,sometimes in the houses of the people.
On the other hand, the Dorbar Shnong Mawryngkneng said that the CM has set a goal to eliminate the use of single use plastic which has caused a lot of problems to the environment especially the water supply. The Dorbar Shnong has taken this step to ban the use of plastic inside the village at its dorbar this morning with the consent of the residents.
His father, Bruton, sold medicine in a shop owned by a foreigner and his mother worked as a roadside seller in the Garikhana area.
You don't have to be a leader.
I have been begged and deceived but I have refused. The T.133 crore is indeed magic.
In the women's category, Nimon Phawa won first, Beauty Phawa second and Rukini Dkhar third.
According to the Secretary of the department, the recovery of cows has increased and the number of new cases has decreased.
When the party in power in the district council is not with the state government, the bills are pending for many years,” said Shylla.
They beat Seng Samla Laitryngew 4-0 on Tuesday at the Sohra Sports Association Stadium in Saitsohpen, Sohra.
JOWAI: The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has canceled the election of the full Waheh Shnong of Khliehtyrshi Dorbar Shnong. new one scheduled for March 21.
The Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) has expressed its reluctance to comply with the government's threat to evacuate the residents of Mawlong Market to the prepared shlems.
The Skeletal Age Estimation Test was conducted on Friday under the auspices of the All India Football Federation (AIFF).
The SP said the KSU leader was arrested for his involvement in the incident in which the employees of NEHU were attacked.
He said that the fish that come from Andhra Pradesh to the state are from the pond but there are other species of fish such as kha pamphlet, shymprong heh and some that come from the sea and travel around before arriving. to Shillong.
Singh said that Rhea has been cheating on Sushant for a long time.
Sometimes it is the poor or the middle class who are more willing to contribute whether it is in religion, society or in the field of entertainment.
In his speech, the President said that the Iing Dorbar reflects the will of the people.
Some of the demands of these FCI employees are to implement their pension scheme, medical scheme after retirement, to improve the transfer process and others.
And I gave it him, because he promised to pay me back within six months.
Austria opened the scoring through Michael Gregori-Tsch in the 21st minute, but failed to stop Belgium and eventually shared 10 points.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Lapang, who has turned 91, said that peace and stability has improved in these years and they are better than in the past years.
Speaking to reporters, the Executive Chairman of MBoSE, Bah EP Kharbhih, said that the theft of questions is probably because there are no school authorities who have turned around and the Board will take action. drastic measures to punish those responsible.
It is immediately that the elders have been able to make many differences, even though we, at this age, have recognized that they have made many differences.
STC Shillong will host Volleyball, Football Penalty Shootout, Badminton, 4X100m Relay Race, Lemon and Spoon Race, Tug of War, Three Legged Race and all these events will be held at SAI STC Ground. On this occasion, the famous football player of the State, Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh, who is also the former MLA of Mawphlang will be the chief guest among others.
The last way to come near Him is through calling on His name because it is powerful and Satan blasphemes the name of the Lord because it is our stronghold.
This leadership of Meghalaya was demonstrated at the Energy Summit, North Eastern Region Chapter '24 organized by the SELCO Foundation on 28th and 29th June in Guwahati. officers from the health departments of all five states in the North East.
The CUET is run by the NTA and the state government has no authority,” he said.
The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has demanded compensation of T.3 lakh.
Whether white or black, stem or brown, all shall have their own life here on earth.
The union has complained that the police have confiscated the jhur of these vendors in Iawmusiang and have loaded them into their vehicles. and they went and put shaei in these jhur.
Without these necessary steps, our leaders will not be able to engage in peace talks.
The chief of the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK), the ruling party in Tamil Nadu, has strongly opposed Modi's country's use of Hindi as the official language. office Government.
Daphimon Khyriem, Eiladki Ksoo, Dakani Shylla and Deigracia Dan scored the first goal of the tournament.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The players of the Meghalaya Football Team on Tuesday left home to compete in the 77th Santosh Trophy to be held in Itanagar, Arunachal Pradesh.
The MJKA will hold the 7th Jeet Kune State Level Championship in the last month of November
They also defeated RUFC in the final of the Meghalaya State League in
He said that the Congress leaders in the area have now tried to defame him and the party leaders, and that is why he has thought differently.
please tell me.
They are the dark ones who hate the light without cause just as they hate the other nations without cause.
Furthermore, Bah John also had the opportunity to explain how much it is beneficial for young men and women to turn to the Olympic disciplines, because these are the only sports. , that the grants have already been prepared by the State Government, which has already signed and implemented the sports policy in the State.
The committee has handed over these requirements to the EC to allocate separately for the purpose of spending all the requirements through the 15th Finance Commission.
“People want to change after having fun and it is easy to blame the leaders just to get an excuse but it is a change.
It has been surrounded by enemies since time immemorial.
Shillong: The District School Education Officer (DSEO) of East Khasi Hills District has rejected the appointment of SMC teachers who have completed their qualifications. Bachelor of Education (B.Ed) to become Principal or Vice Principal in Secondary and Higher Secondary Schools.
These two organizations have given a deadline of 10th November 2021 for admission.
There are also those who publish news with the intention of causing trouble among different nations.
The Deputy Chairman and Executive Members of KHADC will now receive T.99,800 per month from T.37,240 per month and T.17,000 per month from T.3500 per month.
Before the king ordered the ark to be built, he called his beloved wife.
“I have spent T.8,000 from my own pocket to buy two machines,” said Macdalyne.
Therefore, the Hima, Village Authorities and other Sengbhalang were urged to be vigilant in this regard, so that no inconvenience will happen to the residents.
MFS, Divisional Forest Officer, Jaintia Hills Wildlife Division, Jowai, M.Suchiang, Forest Pleader, S.Law, Range Forest Officer/c Umkiang Wildlife Range, Khliehriat, N.Medhi, Senior Biologist, Wildlife Wing, Meghalaya Shillong and Dr. Aniket Pawar, Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS) who also delivered speeches on the occasion.
Now, the question is for the political parties like the UDP, HSPDP, PDF, BJP, NPP, NCP including the MLAs themselves what is their position on this issue.
Two senior party leaders who are also former Chief Ministers, Bah DD Lapang and SC Marak, have risen to the post. Delhi to meet AICC leaders including Sonia Gandhi today.
They are indeed strong and have become a nation.
She said that although the government cannot do many things, but the religious leaders have come forward to take an important role and take steps to educate and develop the youth.
The Meteorological Department has warned that in the next 24 hours, there will be another storm with rainfall, with the strength of the storm, between 50 to 60 kilometers per hour. per hour, in some parts of the State and there will also be heavy rain in the coming hours.
Previously, these khiews were made only in Larnai, but now another village nearby has emerged which makes khiews and that village is Tyrchang.
Sunday Morning Pariat, husband of Kong Klora Dkhar, resident of Dongmihsngi, Jowai, passed away on the 10th July
Age limit:- Must not be more than 27 years of age in case of General category candidates and 32 years of age in case of Scheduled Castes/ Scheduled Tribe candidates at the time of his/her application.
The Garo also expressed their opposition to including them in the Rabha Autonomous District Council, as both the ethnic groups differ greatly in culture, dress, lifestyle and food and drink.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the OC of Mawsynram PS, said that the passengers of the bus, said that the people who left the scene were masked and could not be identified. but from their speech they understood that they were Khasi.
After handing over the letter of reminder to the CEM, Sabor said that he had handed over the letter to the CEM three years ago but it has stopped without reaching anywhere. He said that if the CEM delays or does not do anything, he will withdraw his support to the PDF and will not join the opposition but will sit alone in the party. “I am in the EC now, I think the CEM will understand, but if he doesn't do anything I will take a strong step now which I can withdraw my support from the EC and I will not go to the EC. “I will sit alone,” said Sanbvor.
In this regard, a clarification has been sought from the president of the VPP on or before the 11th of this month.
He said he had received exact information that the Custom (Headquarters) had auctioned these 52 cows to a person who was not a cow farmer and was not a member of the KJBWA. He said he had received exact information that the person who auctioned the cows from the Custom was a smuggler of cows to Bangladesh and all the cows had already been smuggled to Bangladesh.
One of the survivors, Deiwa Lyngdoh, said that the incident happened at about 2:30 pm while they were cleaning the water which was about 30 feet high.
From heaven, with the saints and Jesus, they will come down to earth in the clouds.
“Even our BJP friends used to insult us and we used to insult them but we forgot about it after the result,” he said.
“The Election Commission should wake up and not allow people to enter the polling station,” he said.
So far, Latiplang has appointed four EMs including Lamphrang Blah, Ronnie V Lyngdoh from the Congress, Macdalyne Mawlong (PDF) and Mitchell Wankhar (NPP), while six others remain.
Shabong played for the national team in the quarterfinals of the Asian Football Federation U-16 Championship 2028 in Malaysia and has been included in the 11-man squad of the Iadian Arrows U-15 I-League this season.
The party urges all our leaders to visit or go out to the villages so that they can see with their own eyes how much people need assistance.
Shillong: Subash Roy, Chairman Dharambasti, Bikash Dutta, Secretary Dharambasti, Naresh Chandra Singha, Secretary Bholaganj, Phoni Dutta, Secretary Alubari, Adhir Das, Chairman Chaklabosti, have sent a letter to Chaklabosti today. They were summoned to appear before the Syiem of Sohra, on the 24th March 2020 and the meeting will start at 2 pm and end at 5 pm.
On the other hand, many of the beef consumers said that the shortage of beef could lead to a shortage of beef, and when there is a shortage of beef, the sellers will also increase the price.
The desire of many is because they have tired of those leaders who are merchants who have come to buy their rights with deceptions and promises that are not as they know them. the issues of the people but only before the election.
At the same time, the FKJGP has called for the participation of the people in all the protests to be held by the Sengbhalang and to take part in the sit-in of the Women's Wing tomorrow at the Addl.Secretariat. .
Nongpoh: U Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA Mawhati, on Tuesday distributed foodgrains to all the drivers of Sumo and Local Taxi drivers in the Mawhati area. The UG Road from Umsning to Umsiang, which is 80 km long and is one of the most needed roads by the people of the area, is to be improved. Mawhati is all over.
He said that in case of death of these animals, the bodies of these animals should be buried properly.
What has happened to the children's excessive addiction to Facebook and other sites besides the addiction to playing games is unacceptable, many children have lost the ability to die in their studies. their.
The President of the country has fled and only the Speaker of the House, Mahinda Yapa Abeywardena, has been able to speak to him.
The election was conducted by the Dolloi of Jowai District, Puramon Kynjing.
The child, identified as Elijah Vue, was last seen on June 20 in Twi Rivers while he was with Jesse Vang, a man related to the child's mother. by Katrina Baur.
Shillong: The Congress party has slammed the MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, saying that the present government is a weak government and cannot bring peace and stability in the country. state.
These allegations against the Government-appointed investigation team and opposition to the CBI have reminded us of the times when we conduct public awareness campaigns on the need for a clean environment ( Clean Politics Campaign) in which we express that we must not forget that besides the institutions appointed by the Government, the most important thing is the people who run and implement those institutions (man is more). important than the machine) Why don't we trust the CBI as some have said and how can we trust the investigation team appointed by the State Government? Whom shall I trust? Why have we come to this point where we cannot trust anyone? There is a saying that the people are the best judge but it is sad to see that that too is no longer among us, because even the people these days he is quick to praise and honor those who can give money without knowing where it comes from.
The FKJGP leaders in Ri Bhoi District have been angry over the decision of MeECL to cut off electricity to those households who have lost more than T.2,000, after receiving many complaints. The residents of many villages, who have lodged a complaint with the union, alleged that the plan to cut off the electricity supply of MeECL, has been wrong, because there are many houses which the employees of MeECL have planned to cut off. Speaking to reporters, Samla Shanlang Diengdoh, General Secretary of FKJGP Ri Bhoi District, said that the FKJGP in Ri Bhoi District has strongly condemned the incident. He said that this move by MeECL will have a serious impact on the electricity consumers and especially on those who have a little money.
From the CEM's speech, it was understood that some District Councils have received the money and some have not yet received it like KHADC. 70% is also better.
These things depend on the employers. We are small and we can't do anything. We are like snowflakes in the morning and evening.
Imphal: There have been 11 new cases of coronavirus in Manipur, bringing the total number of cases to
Young people should not end up studying degree courses and applying for jobs in various government departments, but studying in specialized streams will help them to find employment.
The meeting was conducted by Bah JR Nongsiej District Co-Ordinator DSBMG, West Khasi Hills District.
The Government of India today announced that those over 65 years of age and children under 10 years of age are not allowed to leave their homes until 31st June 2020, except for only if you have urgent work to do.
With the will of the child from our home and household, we find that on the street we find children who are still growing up, eating gutkha, raja khaini, speaking words that are pleasant to hear. .
This 'Thangbu-halo' or 'Thangbahula' is one of the most popular religions in Jaintia Hills.
Police have registered a case against them at Khliehriat Police Station under Case No.76(9)2023 u/s 22(c)/25/29 NDPS Act. to transport these illegal drugs.
Singh recalled that there were stories how our ancestors came to Shillong during the time of the British troops and their officials from Gurdaspur and Amritsar districts in Punjab.
Shillong: On the evening of 21st July 2021, KSU Upper Shillong Circle received a tip from some residents of Upper Shillong area that there are groups of motorcycles and vehicles Without a car pass, the union has been investigating these people to find out the truth about the incident. These people have violated the rules and regulations of the Government, to curb the spread of COVID-19, so thanks to the hard work of the members of the Seng, we have been able to seize a vehicle from Umshyrpi Bridge number AS AW 3676 and inside this vehicle were arrested 5 men and one woman who are foreigners, and they claimed to be residents of Mawbah and Last Stop Laban.
“I don't know whether the Prime Minister will sleep or not, if the security forces are removed from his house,” said the Leader of the Opposition in KHADC. but the people left him, and nothing happened to them.
Relations between Israel and India have improved in recent years, especially after the inauguration of Narendra Modi as Prime Minister of India.
He said that they want to clarify that those students who want to do Post Graduate or Under Graduate in NEHU departments like Law and B.Tech have to do The CUET is in accordance with the directives of the Central Government.
In this regard, the union appeals to all the owners of Petrol Pumps as well as the Managers and employees across the state not to do such fraudulent activities but to provide tic patik Petrol to the buyers.
D, Dawanisa has 854 shares on urupang.com and 13,844 reaches and 2402 engagements on Facebook.
Do such statements come out because perhaps it is too difficult to achieve unity among us?
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Aman Warr, today said that the state government has not yet taken a decision to include the Covid Vaccine in the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS).
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Pius expressed his pleasure to be present on this first day of the year to hold a special meeting to lay the foundation stone for the construction of the new building of the office. The Block Development Officer, Ranikor C&RD Block has allocated T.2 crore 77 lakh through the Ministry of Community and Rural Development from the Government of India and the area is not less than 680 sq meters.
Congress spokesperson Randeep Surjewala said Sonia Gandhi was suffering from a serious illness and doctors found that it was due to the flu. covid-19.
“He said that the government has opened 15 food banks and each of them has been allocated at a cost of T.1 crore, bringing the total to T.15 crore. About 200 of these plant-based food processing plants have been allocated and planned to be opened this year.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) has allowed those schools which are far away from the places where the questions for the Class IX examination have been submitted to MOBOSE through the Director. they will ask permission to take the questions in advance because of the distance.
Before the opening at 9.30 pm, there will be a short meeting and blessing speech for the doctors and from 10 pm the doctors will start examining the patients and giving medicines.
'“I came to Israel.
This is the strongest earthquake since 2015 in which more than 9,000 people have died in two earthquakes in the country.
In the case of the Khasi, whether we live in any part of the Khasi Hills or outside it, if we belong to the same Kur, we understand that we come from the same ancestry and cannot marry between the same Kur (exagamous). ) because we come from the same thymmei which the Khasi call the Womb of the ëawbei.
He said that in the past the presence of insurgents in Garo Hills has been a cause of concern but after the MDA government came to power it has brought about change and stability. There will be no change in the entire area of ​​Garo Hills.
Dr. Jemino did not win, but received 267,256 votes.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 17: The Mawkyrwat District Sports Association (MDSA) today launched the Women's League Football Tournament 2023-'24 at the Artificial Turf Ground, MDSA, Nonglang, South. West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, on Tuesday questioned the protest of the political parties in the state to demand the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) to prevent the entry of foreigners into the country. this state, will it be useful or not.
Shillong, July 27: The Voice of People Party (VPP) MLA from North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, has admitted that the roster system is in conflict with the reservation policy.
Many have strongly opposed this, which is believed to be a violation of the newspapers.
Shillong, July 18: The State Government has directed the PWD (Roads) Department and the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) to search for the roads damaged by the landslide in four parts of the National Highway. Highway-6 in East Jaintia Hills District.
The Deputy Commissioner has also directed the Chief Executive Officer of the Shillong Municipal Board and the District Urban Planner to attend the ceremony.
It is with urgency that they formed the Wrestling Association, because without the Association they would not be able to hold this tournament in the state for NEOG. Most of the players are mixed martial arts players,” he said.
?" said the mother. "My friends have made me feel like it's not enough...?" The Father asked again, “For me, Father, I don't think it's enough, because they too have heard from others.
Speaking outside the House after the opening of the dorbar, the Prime Minister said that as a leader of the people, he meets many people who cannot be counted and there are many people who shondur with him.
Meanwhile, the death toll from road accidents in the district has risen to 62 including 47 in 2022 and 15 till June this year.
“Until he shall establish and make Jerusalem a praise in the earth” Isaiah 62:7
Shillong, June 21: The recent decision of the State Government to pay T.3 lakh as compensation to a woman who lost her child after Ganesh Das Hospital refused to treat her has raised questions. Whether the Government will pay compensation for the deaths of 877 children born in 2020 due to the outbreak of Covid-1
This happened after the ration distributors of Pamrakmai FPS Center, Iahunlang VO Pamrakmai Village, East Jaintia Hills District, complained about the shortage of ration. DC Supply, EJH has received many complaints from the ration card holders against the dealers distributing rice in the village regarding the lack of kilos and lack of rice.
On the same day, the office bearers of Laskeiñ Circle were renewed.
These feasts are the Feast of the Passover.
Meanwhile, doctors, nurses and hospital staff have been sent home.
Thangsning CC failed to tied for the loss of 9 wickets in 8.5 overs. Badap Pura Nongkhlaw scored 3 runs for the loss of 9 wickets in 8.5 overs. Andy Alwin Dkhar took five wickets for four runs in two overs and Richard Collin Diengdoh took two wickets for four runs in three overs.
He said that after receiving the complaint, these people who collect illegal taxes from these trucks are under the protection of the police and this is what happens in our state,” he said.
“The election of leaders does not mean that we just leave the hands of the election but it is the participation of all in the governance of the country, how the government acts and what it does for the people,” she said. .
He said that the intention of this person is only to insult the government and mislead the people because he thinks that by doing so it will benefit the AITC but it is not so in this state because the people They know and don’t choose a party but look for a person who can serve the people.
Banri PF Lyngdoh and Paul Micky Kharwanniang have lodged a complaint against Agnes Kharshiing for coming to disturb and disturb the MUDA authorities who are demolishing the house at Umsawli on the site where the MUDA house was planned to be built. New Shillong.
The Act East Policy of the Government of India has also been adopted by Thailand which has implemented the Act West Policy to bring closer relations between the two countries,” he added.
“The peace talks will continue and if anyone is involved in illegal activities we will have to punish them according to the law.
He said the per capita income in 2015-16 is estimated to be T.83,474 and T.89,890 in 2016-1
No casualties were reported, but only the injured were rushed to hospital.
In the rural areas, the electricity supply has been cut off for months and even months but MeECL has taken the electricity supply exactly.
Meghalaya has reported 694 deaths from COVID-19 with 16 deaths on Tuesday.
His funeral service will be held tomorrow 22/08/21 at 1 pm at the Moodymmai Church in Deiñtharae. 162 new cases of COVID-1 Four people have died, bringing the death toll to 1285 in the state on Tuesday.
On the other hand, Rohit Prasad refused to hand over the key, saying that he did not have it, but the JAC forced him to leave the place where he lived. , and because of this mass protest by the members of the JAC, including NEHUTA, NEHUNSA and NEHUSU, Rohit went to search with the security guards of the university.
L.P.School will be promoted to Upper Primary School Level.
Shillong, November 7: The 22nd birth anniversary of Bull N Lyngdoh was celebrated today at Malki in front of the memorial near Shillong Law College.
Samla Babiangmon Lapang from Mawphrew, Ri Bhoi District, who works in agriculture, in an interview with PIB Shillong, said that she is happy to be invited to New Delhi to witness the celebration. the lyngkhuh day of salvation.
To become supporters/partners without disclosing their names, they can send an email to the District Tuberculosis Officer to get their Bank Accounts at the following email addresses: “Supports from the community “It will protect the lives of TB patients and help achieve the country's goal of ending TB by 2025,” said Dr. Mawrie, State TB Officer.
This fruit is rich in calories, antioxidants, minerals, phytosterols and vitamins.
“These are the jobs available at the Outposts and Border Outposts.
“At the time I was born, we owned 580 acres of land.
The Minister also said that the government is well funded and there is no problem in terms of funds.
When investigating the incident, the residents reported the incident to the police.
Prestone said the resolution was passed in the Farmers Parliament and this decision was taken after discussions between the farmers and state government officials and the state government will take care of this. Resolution.
On the second day, the accused were taken to the Special Court of the Special Judge and Prevention of Atrocities Act, Thoubal.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Tiklu's friends said that he is a man who loves his work and who has a goal in whatever he does. and especially in this sport.
If there is no understanding between him and the people of the state, his existence will be in vain.
“My agent was warned before the polling started and was taken outside the polling station once, but he entered again.
And he put the khiw that had a kait on the trep of the monjajaki that was covered with wood.
Speaking as the chief guest, I/c Executive Engineer, PHE, Mawkyrwat Division, Bah R.Nongdhar, SDO Mawkyrwat Sub Division congratulated the members of VWSCs for participating in the training programme. He urged them to make good use of the training they have received in the field of drinking water supply and also to become journalists to the residents. they shall be captains to lead the city.
The three children were identified as Sookini Biam (11), Ajim Langstang (10) and Dapbor Langstang (10).
We will meet the Chief Minister of Assam tomorrow evening at 4:30 or 5 pm in Guwahati”.
“By joining the Council, we can decide how to amend the Sixth Schedule and how to protect our people.
Furthermore, India has revived discussions on reform within the United Nations (UN), by monitoring reform in its key institutions including the UN Security Council.
When asked how many years the fish have been ready to be caught and sold in the market, they said that in the colder areas it takes about two years until they are ready to be caught.
The remains of Bah H.Donkupar Roy Lyngdoh, former Minister of State, will be buried today at Sohiong.
Shortly after, a reporter from Shillong tried to get information from the father of the child, he said that the child had phoned him and said that he had asked her to come home. .
“The reason for making this film is to know the lifestyle of different ethnic groups,” said Bah Pradip Kurbah.
Now we see these signs before the great tribulation, which is just after the command to build the Third Temple in Jerusalem (Israel).
“Bah Syiem also thanked the people who help and support the department from time to time to inform if there are any such violations.
Nongstoiñ, June 6: St Anthony's Secondary School Jaidoh, Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills District, as part of the expansion of classes for the older children of the school, on the second day of the month. The foundation stone for the Higher Secondary School was laid.
The hearing of the High Court today decided to take a decision on the transportation of coal, which has been mined, on Tuesday, while on the complete release of coal mining. , it is understood that the court will be able to issue a verdict after their summer holidays, which will be held in November
From the GNC, Augustine Marak won from Silkigre, Wenison Marak from Rongrikimre and Jinbirth Marak from Amongpara.
On the 23rd of this month, the opening ceremony of the Seng Khasi Festival was held at the office of the Seng Khasi in Mawkyrwat. 12:30 noon by the Vice President of the Seng Khasi, Bah Thwor Wartde, in the presence of the elders of the Seng Khasi. Bah T.Kharlyngdoh, President Seng Khasi South West Khasi Hills District and left to complete the prayer along with the raising of the flag at 3 pm.
India has demanded that Pakistani officials investigate such incidents of violence against a group of Sikhs with diligence and share reports after the investigation.
“Besides, it is also important to ensure that the salary increase or increment to the 108 employees from time to time, where there is also a promise to increase the salary by 7 percent for all of them. companies participating in the competition," said the Minister.
The price of LPG cylinders will be reduced for consumers as well as oil marketing companies like Indian Oil Corporation (IOC), HPCL and Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited (BPCL). .
“The Police Bazaar has become like a stream covered with stones on the road,” said the Pastor. The APHLC, or the first political party, was formed at our house in Mawkhar, Apollo XI and this is the first party house of the national party,” he said.
The next speaker, the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, expressed the shortage of students at NEHU.
They say that the injection of the drug into the blood vessels of the body can cure various diseases in the human body such as the lungs, head, ears, eyes, muscles, bones, and bun other other.
Ms Kharbudon described an entrepreneur as a person who starts, manages and brings about income growth for himself and others as well.
Jowai, July 11: The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners' Association (JHTOA) has helped to obtain compensation for the driver of a truck who was shot dead at Beltola on the 7th of this month.
“The presence of weighbridges besides those which should be at the Entry and Exit Points is a big loss to the truck owners besides having to pay various taxes,” said Dkhar. The Seng also demands that the government should explain to the people where the trucks should load our goods.
There were also performances of traditional dances, short dramas, readings of Tymmen teachings, and traditional songs by various branches of the Seng Khynnah, Seng Khasi Seiñ Raij of Bri U Hynniew Trep Hynniew Wasa.
Babu Birbor, said that the meeting with the DSP, was to ask whether it was true that day, regarding the tear gas firing. The DSP, while talking to the President, said that all the teachers who have signed the ejahar, will be summoned while the trial is going on.
The Central Monitoring Committee shall meet at least once a year to review and monitor the implementation of this Rule.
Ampareen said that during her inspection of the Ganesh Das Hospital Shillong, she has directed the management of the hospital to ensure that the women and anyone who comes to get medicine or send for treatment at the hospital. They should have access to adequate and efficient health care.
On the other hand, Bah Gavin said that cooperation is essential for any project.
One ATM in the name of Ruebenjoromy I Suiam was found at Shillong Stand, Jowai.
Also present on the occasion were Marian Maring, Paralad Toor, Lucas Maring and other leaders of the BJP Nongpoh Mandal.
“From time to time, the civil society has expressed its readiness to accept the railway line on the condition of implementing the ILP in Meghalaya but if the ILP is not implemented, they will continue to oppose it. this railway project".
Khliehriat, Jymmang 09 :Many villages in East Jaintia Hills District have already completed their Shad Sukra and there are also villages that will continue to complete their Shad Sukra. They used to perform this ritual before they went to the fields to plant, to sow the seeds. The Shong Bri or the villages under the Sieñ Raij Tuber who had completed this ritual. These include the Seiñ Raij of Mutong, Pamra, Cham Cham, Lumshyrmit and other places.
The future of Ri Hynniewtrep, the future of the country.
According to a statement from the police, police have arrested three robbers including a CRPF officer and seized two Maruti cars including one with a the registration number of the state of Meghalaya.
“If the government doesn't do it, we accept it, especially if the marten is far away.
Those who witnessed the opening ceremony included Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, Bah Balajied Rani, MDC and many other elders of the area.
“This decision of the government is to disregard the feelings of the Christians in the country,” said VPP General Secretary Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon.
Some of the elders said that the government through Bah Prestone Tynsong Symbud Myntri Rangbah has promised many times to improve or repair this road, but as of now those promises have not been implemented. The money has been left behind only on promises, while the passengers have to face problems and difficulties every day due to the deterioration of the road.
Speaking to reporters at Congress Bhavan today, Fernandes Dkhar, General Secretary of the Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MYC), said that the BJP is spreading false news. by using social media to spread its activities and in the ignorance of the public has spread more and more these false news.
As a politician, when he was elected as an MLA in 1990 he declared the property.
They are lying on the streets and alleys of all parts of Shillong and many other parts of Khasi-Jaintia.
Only one symbol of the golden water that falls from the power of God and falls into the blood of this Meiramew and that will flow through the fields that have been well covered by the power of nature and shaped in the form of an inexhaustible river. more.
(If you don't, you don't want to follow your custom).
On the same day, the RBYF leaders also sent a petition to the DC, urging the DC, to urge the NHAI authorities to fix the shortcomings. on the NH-6, from the water supply system, the provision of garbage dumps and other needs of the people.
However, these days the world is filled with struggle not only in wars, conflict between one country and another, injustice between the people and the government, the worst thing is the lack of respect. the fire of nature.
“They have tried to build computers but they have not been able to do anything and many people need to collect salaries like employees of Nongtalang College, CHC and other offices,” said an elder from Nongtalang village.
So they had to look around for a place to sleep and how to eat and drink.
The Minister said that the Central Government has released a scholarship of T.41, 25, 00,000/- for the year 2022-2
In Meghalaya, there are some who are rich and who want to lose the sky if possible.
Babu Boldness L.Nongum Principal of the college explained in detail what the goals of the college are for the future of the youth.
In the quarter final, Inter Milan beat Benfica 2-0 and in the second leg they drew 3-3 to take a 5-3 lead on aggregate.
Replying to the zero hour notice, the Chief Minister said that the state government has taken note of this issue and urged the central government to look into it and think separately. to the state proposal.
Meanwhile, the Supreme Court has expressed its regret over the petition of Ma Lber Laloo, which claims that there is a lot of coal in India, but the court is surprised that “This is not good for the country as a whole,” said the judge.
However, the MCC has not yet worked and the district authorities have not wanted to express their authority. the beautiful nature of the state.
At the Dorbar held on the 1st and 2nd October 1925, the Khasi National Dorbar discussed and resolved two important issues, one was the question of who or what are the Khasi? And the second is the participation of women in governance.
We have seen how the GNLA from 2009 to 2018 has acted in Garo Hills from kidnapping, extortion, killing and bombing – and it has severely affected the peace and order.
The First Covenant was the Ten Commandments.
This Roster System and Reservation Policy are too complicated and just playing or talking nonsense will not lead anywhere.
“I don't have money, it's not until I become an MLA that I will be able to open a bank account,” said Prime Minister Narendra Modi today. India Post Payments Bank in New Delhi.
However, this school has supported many youths especially women to start their own businesses.
The Chief Minister also said that the Cabinet today to expedite the implementation of the Chief Minister Rural Development Fund worth T.8 crore and the Chief Minister Urban Development Fund worth T.4 crore. , has decided to transfer these two schemes to the Chief Minister's Special Development Fund (CMSDF).
"In 1948, the organization was banned after a member of the RSS, Nathuram Godse, shot dead Mahatma Gandhi.
The following are nutrients that are important for bone health.
My mother told me that if any of her friends liked or hated a young woman, they would go and stay together in that house.
There is only one day left until the match and when we see the condition of the stadium, there is doubt that they will be able to complete the stadium within these one days. .
Although all agreed, the Secretary Shnong requested not to take a final decision; but to consult Bah Shanbor who knows better the law.
The word Thoh is broad and broad in meaning and is not just a word that refers to what is written with a pen on a book.
In Bengal, instead of throwing on the ground, they throw on the shylliah and then sing about 8 to 12 pages per song.
According to the complaint of the driver of the ASO1C-2825, Rsidul SK of Murshidabad, West Bengal, he was on his way from Phramer when he reached Jowai Bypass when a local taxi (ML04-A) collided with him. lane B 4751 has blocked the road.
The Chairman of JHADC said this at the closing ceremony of the Inter Dong Bulletin of Umkiang village in the presence of NPP Candidate Santa Merry Shylla and other MDCs on Saturday at Umkiang.
If you want to discuss this at any time, in any place, I am ready.
Economic development in the country will come only through the provision and receipt of education.
“At present, the state has only 743 allopathic, dental and AYUSH doctors. Besides these, 838 GNMs and 747 ANMs,” he said.
The Comptroller and Auditor General of India for the year ended March 31, 2012 found that during the survey and survey conducted in 6 In 15 blocks, the soping tins were purchased at lower prices which were higher than the price received in the same blocks and in the same year.
The body of a woman, aged 50 to 60 years, was about 5 feet tall and was naked.
JOWAI: The Dorbar Shnong Ialong, West Jaintia Hills District, has announced that it has banned the shooting of birds, meat and slaughter of wild animals in the forests and rivers within the boundary of Ialong Village, West Jaintia Hills. Hills District.
It is also sad in these days that besides man has cut down the trees and shrubs, he has also burnt them, he said, which has caused the destruction of the hills and rivers. the longdien will not come.
In East Khasi Hills, 104 cases including 1 Armed Forces and 103 civilians, in Ri Bhoi District 43 cases including 37 Armed Forces and 6 civilians. cases, 14 cases in West Garo Hills, 7 cases in North Garo Hills, 2 cases in South West Garo Hills, 2 cases in South West Khasi Hills and 2 cases in West Khasi Hills.
Bah Francis Syiemlieh Human life is not according to the political scientist Aristotle “Man is a social animal”. Charles Darwin's theory of evolution that man evolved from a primate.
In a meeting with the CM, KAS President Dr DRL Nonglait said that KAS has demanded from the state government to recognize the Khasi language as the full language of the state. The Khasi language is now the associate official language in the state.
Elon Musk, the chief executive of SpaceX, wrote earlier, "If a rock falls on Earth, we have no protection.
After the crucifixion and execution of Jesus, the thought and belief that Jesus was a prophet sent by God and who came to earth (Palestine) to liberate Israel remained only a myth. the story of the past.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 82647 out of which 80296 have recovered and 1428 have died.
Speaking to media, Dr Ampareen said that the Food and Safety Department has taken the rice for testing at the testing center and the report will be received within two or three days.
She said that the company Hindustan Steelworks Construction Ltd.
He said that the presence of these patriotic heroes from Tirot Singh and others like Kiang Nangbah and Pa Togan Sangma has been part of the struggle for the nation which has left a story and led the way to the future. the Indian National Movement.
Nongpoh: At 8 to 9 pm this morning, a cold weather incident occurred in Umden area of ​​Ri Bhoi district. and Umden Nongtluh, have many families who have been severely affected by the Phria.
Zenith Sangma (Congress), while taking part, said, “I don't see any point in closing the village only on Saturdays and Sundays and reopening on Sundays, as was done in South West Garo Hills. hills and in West Garo hills.
GAZA CITY: Israel has launched several balloons into Palestine after several balloons were launched from Palestine, officials said.
On receiving a tip, police searched the vehicle and found the vehicle from Rynjah, Shillong and found that T.13,000 tyngka was missing and two mobile phones were missing from the vehicle.
The task is not over yet, what remains is how to implement the Recommendation so that the District Councils can implement it according to the recommendations of the Commission.
He and his relatives and friends have questioned a teacher of the university about the incident, but he has not been able to respond to the incident. The teacher did not respond and fled the scene, which angered them.
The HYM said that the behavior of the booksellers has destroyed the livelihood of the poor people who work hard just to buy books to go to school.
In addition to the indigenous languages, there are also languages ​​that have emerged in society from the people through the ages which are indigenous languages ​​and which have a strong meaning. In the new age, as the word for sopti- which refers to the jaiñ sop kti, soplun- refers to the jaiñ sop from the neck to the feet, which is placed in the sky, there is also the word tohmet. ju ong ka lun, liengsuiñ- refers to the ship that flies in the air, lyntang- refers to the lynter tree that is strong, dieng pynïar- refers to the tree that grows in the sky, kynroh- refers to the dewbilat - the soil brought from abroad, diengkot - the short lynter tree, thyrnia - the thir ksai, plakot- refers to a plate made of paper and a plate carrying books, korsuhjaiñ - refers to a plate made of cloth, sairusom - refers to a plate made of rusom, kotkudi - refers to khiewranei - refers to the earthquakes from Larnai, liangthar - refers to a clean plate, lyngknot - refers to a lyngkhot tree that makes a knor to sit on, motdur-ka thew ia a mot that has a sudden shape, sohshkor- ka thew a golden or silver earring that stands or hangs in the ear, and so on.
Therefore, after this announcement, all coal trucks must pass through the Weigh Bridge and anyone who violates or passes through the Weigh Bridge will be punished according to the rules of law.
This was stated by Sankiu R.Marak, one of the elders of the village, who added that there is only one Assam government school in the village known as Noapara Lower. Primary School which has been in existence since before Meghalaya was born or had its own Primary School and which has been established since
If we divide the amount of Rs 2 crore by the number of households in the village, it means that each household has received more than T.5 lakh. they shall receive such assistance from the Government.
At the same time, he admitted that the PDF is already in Mawkyrwat and has its full office bearers but he has not yet decided whether to join the new party or not. public supporter u.
On the allegations by Bah Lapang that he was insulted because of his old age as a forced resignation from the post of MPCC President, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh said that it did not happen at all but in the months before the elections. Lapang was in and out of the hospital due to his health and not only he but his wife was also in critical condition and they were in and out of the hospital. Hospital.
John F Kharshiing, President, Shooting Association of Meghalaya.
Answering a question on the FOCUS scheme, the Minister of State in charge of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, said that FOCUS is a scheme, not a money.
“Besides, he said that he has received information that even those who breed cows without milk are facing difficulties, they cannot transport the milk anymore, but they have to feed them every day. also need government assistance.
This was stated by Bah PD Nongrum, General Secretary of the Seng Khasi Kmie.
He also told about some of the aspects of the celebration of the independence of Meghalaya since 1970 when it became an Autonomous State and in 1972 when it became a full state.
Special songs were also performed by the Standing Choir of the Nongsynrieh Presbytery Youth Church and the Rangthong Presbyterian Youth Church.
Replying to a supplementary question by Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit on the attacks by Assam on the border residents, the Minister said the government is aware of the attacks by Assam against the border residents. .
Police have seized a mobile phone.
The report said that yesterday, while he was boarding the boat with five Naga youths who came to visit the village, suddenly a flood came and overturned the boat. fall into the water.
During the raid, the vehicle was seized at various places where the drugs were hidden and police recovered 51.03 kilos of heroin.
St. Anthony's College, Shillong, managed to score 115 runs for the loss of all wickets for the loss of 19.3 runs.
Because the scientists of the world believe that man is transformed into a Shrieh.
She also promised to assist to the best of her ability to bring about the best in the club.
Bah Adelbert also warned the people not to be vigilant because many of them are now talking that in the 10 or 2 months before the elections, they will get what they don't ask for.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The High Court of Meghalaya (HC) on Tuesday directed the state government to convene a meeting between the Jowai Municipal Board and the Waheh Shnongs of Jowai to find out the measures regarding the collection of garbage in Jowai.
The General Secretary of the KSU said that the KSU has already sent these demands to the Central Government since November, 2020 and due to the lack of face to face meeting with Modi, the KSU cannot refuse to hold a placard rally. Police have launched a heavy search operation in Shillong today.
Former MLA Mohendro Rapsang, who is also the candidate for the upcoming NPP elections from 18 West Shillong constituency, has said that he has filed a complaint on social media. nominations, I admitted that I have completed all the tasks that the Dorbar Shnongs have assigned or requested from me. The new application, which has been in place since June 2022, has not received or seen a single request for success.
“The Government of Meghalaya according to the Act has to seek permission from the landowners, the Dorbar Trai Ri and the District Council when acquiring land in the Tribal Areas.
Speaking to media, JAC Chairman Yoodahunki Shylla said that the decision to appeal against the Dhar Company is because it is the company that is constructing the National Highway (NH-2 ) at a cost of over Rs 43 crore.
Jowai, July 30: As part of the celebration of the International Water Conclave 2024, the office of the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai in collaboration with the Water Resource Department, Government of Meghalaya and the Directorate of Arts & Culture, Meghalaya will hold a District Level Quiz Competition and Painting Competition on 3rd June, 2024 at the Conference Hall, DC Office (Room No.123 1st Floor). ).
They also shot dead six soldiers who were patrolling near the Sarlah post of the Poonch Brigade near Chakkan-da-Bagh, about 200km from Jammu.
On Tuesday, supporters of the Bharatiya Kisan Union (BKU) staged a protest on the Delhi-Meerut highway after the district authorities banned farmers from attending the protest. place.
About seven bridges have been flooded and many electricity poles have collapsed and this has put the district in darkness.
Shillong, March 10: After the Dy.Commander in Chief, another GNLA commander has been arrested. He is Ajan Momin alias Jimmy.
The meeting was also attended by leaders of various political parties.
Jowai, Jymmang 21: The Bishop of Jowai Diocese, Rev. Fr. Victor Lyngdoh, has urged the Christians to pray to God that we may be the weapons of peace.
On the other hand, the farmers also requested the Jaintia Hills Sengbhalang to help them regarding the attack on their land by the Rangbah Shnong and his group.
Shillong, March 29: The Terra Madre Food Festival will start in Shillong from 3rd to 7th November at Law Kyntang Mawphlang. diversity Society (NES FAS).
I asked, “Who is this?” According to my understanding, with a divine smile, he replied, “Friend, I am the Archbishop.
The injured were taken to hospitals in Kalain and Silchar, Assam.
Jowai, Naitung 24: The Behdeinkhlam festival of Seinraij Tuber today sent a message against the violence against women, children and women and the destruction of the environment. Rajya Sabha MP Wansuk Syiem was the chief guest and speaking at the ceremony, she said, “I have come here to bless you on this occasion.
“However, there are other policemen who are not from our community who have another job even after their job is over and this is their secret mission to protect their fellow citizens. , I urge the Khasi police and government employees from our community that if these people from another community can have a secret mission of their own, they too should have that spirit to participate. that is a secret mission for the country and the nation,” said Robert.
The MGSPHSVA has expressed its deep regret over the allegations that the street vendors have blocked the road of fire trucks. The fire broke out in the house which was affected by the fire on Saturday, adding that this allegation is not true and unfounded.
He also urged us to respect the culture of others so that we can respect our own culture and he also congratulated the society which organized this successful competition and distributed the syrnod and buskit with money to all the winners.
It strongly condemned the police attack on suspected militants which killed two persons and injured three others near Siju in South Garo Hills yesterday.
Therefore, all the people are requested to respect this order of the Committee.
The IMA therefore demands that if the Minister of Health and Family Welfare does not do anything about it, the IMA will take other measures of protest, which are part of public administration and and to go to court, for the sake of justice.
From West Jaintia Hills District, North Liberty HSS and KJP Synod Mihngi HSS have placed first ten in HSSLC Science.
NPP Nagaland President Dr Andrew Ahoto Sema and General Secretary Limanuk Limanuksung Longkumer said that this is an unfair act, especially when the country's income is low. all in all, you are in a great trouble.
The FRO said this was done to ensure that the Government will be able to know the presence of foreigners in the District and to easily monitor their movement.
Meanwhile, we all wanted our Khasi language to be included in the Constitution of India or the 8th Article.
Since the independence of our own State, this job allocation has helped many people in the past, where we have seen an increase in income. their book.
Shillong: Madanriting Police together with ANTF of SP East Khasi Hills District have arrested several drug traffickers in Madanryting. Hills, Shillong.
Last month, about three Pakistani soldiers were shot dead in Kupwara.
Well done bah Paul, you are a brilliant politician.
RUPA President Bah Alos Nongpoh together with the Rangbah Shnongs urged the government authorities to provide immediate assistance to those families who have been affected by the cold weather.
Nongpoh: U Bah Killing Mukhim, 46, of Bah Killing Mukhim, 46, has died in an accident on Killing Road this morning after his Scooty collided with a truck. collided with a dumper truck, coming from the opposite direction.
Nongstoiñ, July 2: The beautiful tourist attractions in West Khasi Hills have attracted people from all over the country not only from the states of India but also from abroad.
In The Economic Times recently, it reported that several Hindu seers and scholars have drafted about 32 pages of the Hindu Rashtra Constitution, which also proposes to amend it. from Delhi to Varanasi, where Muslims and Christians will lose their adult franchise.
“I don't know, I'll know when I go to the showroom,” he said. “I don't think it's too late,” said the mother with a smile. “Who will drive that car?” she asked. mother “Khuslai, you are the friend when you are here.
At the same time, the San Shnong Development Organization has lodged a complaint with the Chief Minister in the presence of MLA Mowkaiaw on 24/06/2
Seven beneficiaries of this scheme have had to pay T.5000 to the Rangbah Shnong because he needs to give it to the Gram Sevak of the Block, said Bah Dohtdong.
He said if Mamata Banerjee really sees the poverty of the state, why don't they give it now before the elections, rather than after the elections.
“Regarding Rynjah, KHADC will accept only those documents from DS Rynjah and we have not yet received proof that the NOC has been issued by the society. The meeting was led by the Rangbah Shnong of Rynjah Dorbar Pyllun, Bah Eddie V War, members of the Executive Dorbar and members of the Executive Dorbar. the Rangbah Dong, the Youth Association and the Women's Association.
Shillong: Heavy rainfall is expected in parts of the state today and tomorrow.
The incident happened this morning when a child named Banroi Ksiar from Umtyrnga area who was also a sweet child was looked after by her mother. The child didn't know anyone and someone appeared and called her a child, and because of her desire to escape from the demon, her mother immediately took her to Byrnihat Parish to pray for her. Fr Kmenlang Nongrum together with other church leaders prayed and waited for a while for the demon to release her, but because of the strength of her prayer the demon inside her released her and she was healed. pain only after about a while.
It should not be biased, religious, group-based, tribal-based but should come together in the service of the nation and forget about the things that are silver.
There are those who remember the village and claim that they belong to that village only when they want to contest elections.
“In Meghalaya, the price of dewbilat is T.280 per byrni or 50 kilos but the same dewbilat transported from Bihar costs T.330 which is only 50 tyngka different,” he said.
The occupants of the Bolero tested negative while the driver of the truck tested positive even though he was healthy without any symptoms.
Shillong: U CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah HS Shylla, on Tuesday said that he is waiting for a report on the use of T.28 crore in the KHADC led by former CEM Pynshngaiñ N Syiem. do the work only to spend the money.
These are the mountain rice and the field rice.
Monlang Nongtdu, owner of the club, said that they hold a fete to raise funds for the sports activities of the 7 Wasa in various tournaments in the state.
He said that sports are part of the journey of human life not only to spend time but it helps them to become physically and mentally strong.
There is an allegation that the introduction of paragraph 12 (A) in the Schedule has undermined the power of the Schedule but if we look closely together with this 12(A) the Schedule is still strong if learn to implement.
Priority Household (PHH) rice will be distributed at the rate of 5 kgs per head at the price of T.3 per kg and Non-NFSA rice at the rate of T.14/- per kilo.
“We have to find out what these High Levels are doing and who is at these High Levels,” said Bah Hek. They discussed how all the works have been ordered to be carried out by those High Levels.
“It is true that today's protest has ended like this, but as we have already announced and we request with a sorrowful and humble spirit to all our brothers and sisters to please stop driving at the time of In the evening from 7 pm to 5 pm and this will continue for 10 days while in the morning it will be as usual. KSU General Secretary KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit Bah KS Suchiang said that the government and NHAI have been involved in the maintenance of the National Highway in East Jaintia Hills District. He added that after the request to ban vehicles from traveling in the evening for 10 days, if the union sees that this does not work and if the NHAI does not do anything, the union will take another one. The NHAI and the government will have to listen to the NHAI and the government. At present, the union will take a decision. what is the decision that you will take?
“If he continues to use force, we will take strong action against him and all those involved in these acts of violence,” said a statement from Bah Saińkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary cum Publicity Secretary. HNLC.Nongpoh: Two men were seriously injured, three small vehicles were damaged and a shop was damaged in an accident on the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi district. They were hit by a truck carrying gas from Guwahati to Shillong.
Shillong, July 8: The construction of the road for the Assembly service at Mawphlang is in full swing.
Police have registered a case under Section 46(08)2023u/s153b/503/504/506 IPC at Lumshnong Police Station. which has also issued notices in the newspapers under the Evidence Act.
“I wanted the arrival of my daughter at home to be very special and so I did it this time,” said Prajapat.
The public can WhatsApp “IAW JOWAI” on the following numbers: 7642824024/9
Shillong: Leaders of the KSU, today met with Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit at the place of strike, after six days.
, which is the national anthem"
However, at the same time, the company officials said that the reason why the company had to suspend many employees is because it has not been able to pay the salaries of all the employees. The company especially in these days when everything has gone up in price and the income of the company has decreased because it has to spend in many areas.
She received the support from home and that helped her to be strong and do what she needed to do to seek treatment to cure the disease.
By doing so, you will have a beautiful and clean face.
Regarding the network connection in the entire area, in fact it is very important these days in terms of the safety and security of the people.
The coal owners said that this is a violation of the NGT order because if we cannot release our coal by the 15th May, all our coal will be confiscated by the NGT. government.
In the women's chess category, Rinalgi Ingti (1.55 m) won the gold and silver medals. Roshni Ch Marak (Williamnagar) won the bronze medal. At the end of the first day, the Ri-Bhoi team won 3 gold medals and Shillong won two gold medals and West Jaintia Hills won one gold medal.
The Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Kynton Massar will hold this year's cleanliness drive on the 18th November, 2023 and hereby announces and informs the public that there will be a closure on the day and time of the cleanliness drive. All land owners in Mawlai Kynton Massar and those who do not live in the village are urged to meet with the Rangbah Dong before that day for the cleaning of their land.
Deputy Secretary KHADC, Bah B.Kharbamon, Superintendent KHADC, Acting Wahadadar of Shella Confederation Komen Laitmon were also present. Secretary of Shella Dorbar Shnong Bah Tobias Tiewdop, Bah Kit Suting Project Manager SPVS in the presence of students from RKM Secondary School Shella, and also. the spirit of the people.
While he was worried about the slowness of his children, he heard their arrival.
The Israelites captured them so much that they could not eat them.
In fact, this demand is to ensure the right of the Khasi-Jaintia to the reservation policy as mentioned in the Reservation Policy.
The tournament was held as part of the promotion of football whether in the countryside or in the city.
Revelation 19:1
Wankijune Buam (29) and Rihok Tyngkan (90+2) scored each goal.
Replying, he said that the present government has taken action regarding the metor area, and said that from the records he saw that the CEM is a member of the HLC of the state government, but he has not. “The former CEMs like Bah HS Shylla and Bah PN Syiem have worked hard on this, but because it was before the end of the term, stop," he said.
However, the cause of the blast is not yet known but it is learned that the people in the area smelled the smell of gas. lyer bih from the lyer.
According to the source, police also seized 0.12 grams of heroin weighing 0.12 grams from the bodies of three boys. It is suspected that they are drug dealers and drug traffickers in the area.
Nongstoiñ, March 3: Once again, the Sur of the Nongwest has appealed to the people of the area to support Hubert Paliar, a young man who will soon leave the State. He will represent India in Turkey in the Arm Wrestling Championships.
Khliehriat, July 28: The Jaintia National Council (JNC) has expressed its deep sorrow over the non-opening of the C&RD Block office in Lumshnog, East Jaintia Hills District. The Block Office today met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, A. Baranwal, IAS to discuss the matter.
According to the driver of the vehicle, he said that he had left for the Punjabis on the orders of Dr. Manoj Basaiawmoit.
Speaking to media after a meeting with the DC of Ri-Bhoi District, Bah PB Sylliang, General Secretary of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi District, in the presence of Bah BB Makdoh Chairman and other leaders, He said that the Union does not recognize this group of Garo Rangbah Shnongs and strongly condemns the rally of the Garo Rangbah Shnongs yesterday against the Hima Mylliem which has tried to overthrow the powers of the Rangbah Shnongs of the tribes. Garo people live in Ri-Bhoi.
Let me give you an example.
But if you take blind money and support the poor, the followers are like robbers, who kill their children, themselves and their country.
On the other hand, Barak Granot said that he is ready to work with the HFU and the Government of Meghalaya to develop agriculture.
“He said that those who are at risk of getting the disease ie those who have diabetes, those who use steroids and those who are positive for COVID-19 who have the following symptoms should report immediately sha that doctor.
Garry Warjri, one of the taxi drivers in Hynniewmer, who is a member of the 7mer Taxi Drivers Association, said that the arrival of vehicles in the city through Upper Shillong has been slow. well and this is another factor, which affects the traffic.
Are only those who are 'democracy fanatics' right to speak against others? Isn't being a democracy fanatic also extreme or radical and therefore illegal? Isn't this Father who sees only the background of others a democracy fanatic and a radical politician because he supports democracy and politics? So, if the law doesn't punish or do anything against those who are fanatics or radicals, whether they are democracy fanatics or political radicals or others, doesn't it mean that the law is right? which is blind and blind (Andha Kanoon).
Shortly after that, I began to understand about the market of siej in many ways, so in meeting with people who have knowledge in the use of siej, I started to set up a factory to produce siej. “After that, I will be able to use the Siej within the company and which has traveled across the states, through the Dhup Company,” said Bah Bipul Thangkhiew.
"That Youtuber should have removed that video because even Sanjay Mishra didn't like it.
The Seng has warned all employers or contractors not to employ their brothers and sisters first.
“However, if it happens inside the village, we have to take action, but even if it happens, we will not stop there but we will look for ways and means how to eradicate drugs,” he said. u Mr. Wealth.
" refers to the above provisions of Regulation No. 5 of 1952 – “2
The Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) does not have enough money to buy electricity from abroad to fill the shortage of electricity and therefore, it has had to keep the residents in the dark.
This is unique because this is the first time that India has recognized the concerns related to the impact of climate change on wildlife and will emphasize on coordinated action for the reduction of the dangers that animals and birds face.
“She said that the stem color in the milk shows that there is gold in that part of the milk and added that the panchagavya, which is mixed with cow's milk, cow's milk, Milk, mala and ghee are the most important medicines for humans and she said that negative energy waves are linked to the slaughter of cows and earthquakes.
The MLA also clarified the allegation that the NPP will not open coal within six months and this is not the promise of the NPP, but the BJP which has promised to open coal within six months if it comes to power. He said that in just 10 months of his tenure as MLA, Nongstoin has received development works worth Rs 100 crore.
Shillong, Naitung 3: The Association of Qualified Grade IV Candidates 2011 has received information through RTI that there are many vacancies in government offices. They said that until now there are no employees, they have tried many ways to talk and find ways how to get jobs.
The union urges the government to bring back these students and workers who have been in dire straits as many states have already announced that schools will not open until June.
On the other hand, the Citizens Report (2018-19) on the cost of coal mining shows that the State has lost about Rs 1000 crore from the illegal mining and transportation of coal.
The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) has selected 249 athletes including leaders to participate in 14 disciplines at the third North East Games in Nagaland.
“The Nongtalang CHC has received this ambulance as a blessing to them because they all suffer when there are sick people and in times of tragedy,” said Daniel and urged the MLA and the district authorities to provide it. Ambulance to Jarain PHC and Padu Dispensary so that the people of the area can use them especially during these times of COVID
During the “Sier Lapalang Operation”, the HYC found that many foreign traders have not renewed their Trading License within the KHADC despite the expiry date. The HYC has immediately closed down all the shops and stalls of foreign traders until they provide and renew their Trading License.
Archana suffered 15 percent injuries to her hands and feet and SRK suffered severe injuries to parts of his hands.
During these 24 years.
Saying it’s a service business is a lie.
He said the Union has also demanded to set up a separate library for the School of Technology (SOT), to be transparent and transparent in the marking system for the students and others.
Satellite imagery showed that China has built 101 houses in Arunachal Pradesh.
According to sources, the suspect was identified as Pritam Sharma, a native of Bihar and a driver in Sikkim.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: Many poor families have been delighted after they have been nominated to benefit from the Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana-Gramin.
When inquired about the market, he said that the goods he makes are brought from home and most of them are those that people have ordered for him to make.
It is learned that at first, the family members of the deceased Longkmie, were shocked, because they could not go to dih thliew even though they had planned to bury the Longkmie, where they They were allowed to dig until 3 or 4 pm, after the Magistrates arrived at the scene.
Teiborlin said that the village itself hopes that the government through the department will soon complete the police station.
Speaking at the competition, Ms Sohtun said that there are many different schemes or assistance through the government department related to the farmers, so she urged the farmers to They should come to the office of this department in their Districts or Block, where they can meet with the officers and staff of this department for various assistance.
Nongpoh: Dozens of vehicles in Ri Bhoi District have been seized by the Ri Bhoi Police for violating the curfew. District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, which has been in place since 12 noon on the 24th of this month as part of the efforts to curb the spread of the disease. Corona Virus (COVID-19).
The footpath seems to have turned into a shop area and the road into a pedestrian area.
Those who are sick will receive up to T.90,000, while those who are seriously ill such as tuberculosis and others will receive up to T.1.60 lakh, he said.
He said that we should take action so that there will be no loss of life due to the storm and therefore all these 25 states and union territories should move forward in this regard.
He said that these days, there are incurable diseases like TB, Cancer, and AIDS especially if it is too late.
Easterland Iangrat scored 20 runs from 33 balls and Aristerwell Suting took three wickets for 15 runs from four overs while Ralphy Heinrich Diengdoh was named Player of the Match.
On this occasion, Kong D.Phawa, said that she had to suspend the inspection of the cows in the market, because there was no objection and once there were complaints against the cows, They have to go with the Magistrates, but as of now there are no Magistrates because they are on their own duties and she said that next month they will go to inspect together. to the Magistrate.
JOWAI: Motions and discussions by the MDCs of the opposition especially the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) have been rejected after the conclusion of the Dorbar Tlang within 10 minutes by Ailad Bhoi Deputy Chairman of the BJP. Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) on Friday.
In 2009, Dhoni topped the top 10 highest paid cricketers in Forbes and ranked 31st among the richest sportsmen in the world. Cricket World Cup: At the 2015 World Cup in Australia and New Zealand, Dhoni captained India's 30-man squad and was selected by Forbes. BCCI in November 2014.
On the other hand, the two organizations have decided to continue to work together on issues affecting the welfare and livelihood of the indigenous people in the North East and North East of India.
He said that the state government since 2018 has already allocated hundreds of crores of rupees for the empowerment of these groups which will become the income generators in the country. state as a whole.
The tournament was concluded with a cultural program attended by the MLA of Nongpoh, Bah Mayral Born Syiem and included Fathers, Sisters, Elders, Union Leaders and the faithful. in the Catholic Church.
He said that at the same time, a Khasi woman who marries a foreigner cannot get a syrnod for her children without getting a Khasi Tribe.
Therefore, to get a clear picture, one must read and understand the history, geography and politics of the area and now Palestine has been occupied by Israel.
When asked how much the total cost of the damage has been, Witting said that no figure has been received yet, but he estimated that it has reached billions of rupees.
“We are ready to contest the election but I cannot say anything now because we have to talk to the Block Congress from Shella,” said Charles.
On the other hand, the President of the Wah Lukha Village Association, Bah Womsar Talang, thanked the District Administration for their hard work.
On the other hand, Bah Amberlight Masharing, said that the union expects the DMHO to take action on these issues and at the same time the union hopes that the talks will be successful. it shall be equal.
For five decades the State has witnessed rampant extraction of natural resources that has poisoned water bodies and destroyed forest life.
The Central Government has also said that for children aged 12-14 years alone, 2.3 crore children have been allocated so far.
While eating, the mother told the story of the neighbor's visit and the story they were talking about. the lat of the people.
Jowai, November 30: The 161st death anniversary of the 12th Dolloi of the country, Woh Kiang Nangbah, was celebrated today at Kiang Nangbah Memorial Park, Madiah Kmai Blai. Kiang Nangbah Memorial Society (KNIKMS), Jowai.
These brave young men come forward to inspire you.
You should not speak in a manner that insults those who oppose you.
The Sein Raij Tuber, the largest and most populous Lehniam Behdeinkhlam in Jaintia Hills, has started on Thursday and will end tomorrow. Blei in Tuberkmai Village.
“I have experienced a bad time in the 1990s when the Lamphang's seat was used as a weapon to overthrow the government,” he said.
We are afraid that the end will come when we lose power and without thinking when we become citizens later.
He also explained in detail the four pillars of the State Capability Enhancement Framework, known as- 1) building leadership through the removal of barriers, 2) full use of data. and Research, 3) addressing challenges, 4) seeking support from various groups and 5) building bridges between the community and the State.
Replying to this question, Bah Martle expressed his agreement with the statement of the MDC of Mawhati and said that the problem faced by the teachers in the state is so terrible that they have to sleep on the streets. and to protest from time to time even for their rightful salaries.
That power that is biased and prejudiced, that power that is selfish and selfish, that power that is selfish and corrupt, appears completely.
He also promised to send the BDO, Thadlaskein C&RD Block to inspect the construction of roads and illegal electricity posts by the Assam government in the area of ​​Khanduli village through the Samynthoo-Mokoiram forest.
However, I am surprised that many of the leaders are now declining in education.
Lucknow, Nailar 31: Four pastors have been questioned by the Surajpur Police station in Greater Noida on charges of forcibly converting Hindus to Christianity. These pastors, including many Hindus, who surrounded the police station.
(3) We would also like to clarify to you that the members of Lawei ba Phyrnai are also people who have been supporting the HNLC for many years.
If the Congress authorities had appointed Bah Charles Pyngrope as the President of the MPCC, the Congress party would not have been so divided as many of the MLAs have been elected. They said that they want Bah Charles Pyngrope to become President of the party after the retirement of Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh.
The organization was formed in the Eastern Range (Khasi and Jaintia Hills) by these youths who were arrested for fighting against the government with firearms, demanding money to buy weapons and committing illegal activities. .
The Legislative Assembly passed the Resolution to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in November, 2019 and the resolution is still pending in the cupboard of the Ministry of Home Affairs. Meghalaya needs to implement this Act to curb the free entry and exit of foreigners in Meghalaya.
“We will meet next month before we proceed to collect information on the electricity situation in the state before sending it to the government,” said FTT Chairman Dr Jemino Mawthoh.
The country is confident that the World Cup has been a success and now the country is looking forward to hosting the Olympics.
There have been 505 new cases of COVID-19 in the country, bringing the total number of cases to 3,577 and the death toll to 83, the health ministry said today.
In Madanrting, Dorian Dean Nongrum won the gold medal in the sub-junior boys under 42kg category while Femi Rymbai came first in the sub-junior category under 36kg. and Marvisha Sohklet in the sub-junior category under 42kg.
The CBI has taken action after the Meghalaya High Court has issued an order to register a case against the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Kong Ampareen. Bah PS Thangkhiew, IAS of 1984 who was the Principal Secretary of the Ministry of Education in that year.
The district authorities of West Jaintia Hills have also declared a holiday for schools, colleges and universities on 30th June.
Before his speech, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah laid the foundation stones and launched the Mahindra pickup, which was donated by the MLA of Nongstoiñ to the Town Committee, for use in the transportation of garbage. The keys of the vehicle were handed over to the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills for further investigation.
He said that for a long time she had a shop about 10 feet high and her shop was standing in front of the main gate to enter the Mylliem shrine. The fire broke out in her shop and she sat farther away from the main gate to enter the place of worship, but the woman has been requesting for a long time to give her a place because if she builds a house, she will be destroyed. the gate to enter the sanctuary.
That is why he prayed, "Oh God, I thank Thee that I am not as other men are, extortioners, unjust, adulterers, or even as this publican.
On this occasion, he appealed to all to take responsibility to eradicate the drugs which have spread in the region and the country as well.
Tens of thousands of people not only from Sohiong, but also from other places came to pay their respects.
Khliehriat jymmang 30: The MSPCB has sent a letter to 31 coke factories on the 26th of this month and directed them to pay Environmental Compensation and deliver the The amount shall be submitted to the Member Secretary of the MSPCB within 15 days.
He said that it is very difficult to recognize the vehicles that smuggle the timber, because the vehicles used by them have been covered with Tyrpal in such a way that people cannot recognize them. Faithful.
The death toll has risen to nine, including six from East Khasi Hills, one from Ribhoi and two from West Jaintia Hills.
“Of all the employees, teachers are the most suffering employees besides the low salary, but they also receive a salary once every three months.
Renikton said this is part of the efforts to help the state generate revenue as the state is currently in short supply of funds.
“We on behalf of the party make it clear that the signboards that have been removed by the Assam police, we will put up again and if the Assam police want to meet the members of the party they should not come only. Shillong: The KSU Kur Kharshiing has strongly condemned the robbers who shot dead the KSU office in Riangdo, Nongstoin or Shillong. Agnes Kharshiing and Anita Sangma were arrested on the 8th of this month at Tuber Soh Shrieh, East Jaintia Hills.
The suspect was also taken to a court in Goalpara area for trial.
“Khasi medicine is very popular in the state,” he said.
Police of Jowai Police Station have also been forced to stay away from their relatives and the public after the four policemen were infected.
“We already have a candidate and we will announce it in due course," he added.
By bringing together the largest users and producers of biofuels to promote the production and use of biofuels, this initiative aims to increase biofuels as a key component in the transition to power generation and also in participation in livelihood opportunities and economic development.
Nongpoh, Nailar, 02: The Santipur Village Council in Byrnihat area of ​​Ri Bhoi District today expressed their strong opposition to the allegation that a family has forcibly confiscated their land. resident of Santipur.
At 2 pm, there will be an unveiling of the statue of the Archbishop at the ground floor of his mother's house in Mawlai and at 5:30 pm, there will be a mass for all the people and only 400 people will be allowed inside the church. and 100 people in Pariah Hall.
Monsoon has brought to the public this method of improvement at a reasonable price with membership benefits.
The Election Commission has also introduced the C-vigil apps, which will empower residents to send any complaints to the Election Commission regarding the conduct of elections or the actions of any party. when it comes to elections.
The State Government today convened a meeting with the leaders of the Harijan Panchayaat Committee (HPC) to brief them on the Government's proposal regarding the resettlement of the residents. in Them market.
“We will support the UDP candidate and we will also campaign for all the NPP leaders,” he said.
The manifesto said that the party will set up the Meghalaya Music Promotion Board to promote the musicians of the state through training and assistance with the aim of taking the musicians to the international level.
He said that the state government has set a goal to bring lasting peace in the state and for that reason it is ready to talk peace with the HNLC. the provisions of the Constitution and also in accordance with the provisions of the Ministry of Home Affairs.
Shillong, Naitung 9: The Aircel office has been crowded, with customers having to stand in a long queue to fulfill their needs.
Members of the Indian Red Cross Society Shillong led by Amilia Swer, Vice Chairperson IRCS Meghalaya together with members of the Meghalaya Scouts Fellowship, Jaintia Hills including Rethelma Passah, Lahiroi Lamare and Gracely Pde on the 11th of this month. They visited Jalyiah village, East Jaintia Hills District to distribute blankets and items such as soap, tooth brush, toothpaste to the poor families.
The Minister of State for Home Affairs, James K Sangma today promised to take action on the demand of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) Mawlai to assist in the appointment of one of the sons of Bah Dimarlin L Lyngkhoi. He was shot dead while on duty at the FCI Warehousing at 10 Mer, Ri Bhoi last month.
The death toll from COVID-19 has risen to 926 with five deaths and 412 new cases on Friday.
“The teachers have violated Section 144 CRPC by turning to the Secretariat, the place where Section 144 was enforced, without any permission and the police and magistrates have tried to stop them from approaching. Civil hospital, but they didn't listen to them,” he added.
The report said that Father I has served for about 15 years in Argentina and for about 10 years at the Holy Family Church in Pico Truncado.
Nancy Kharsati, who graduated from Bangalore in Civil Engineering from Bhoi Rymbong, took the part of Puron and Jenny Lyngdoh, who took the part of Puron. , which is from Mawkyrwat.
The BJP in the state has held talks with several MLAs from other parties who want to join the party but they have not yet announced it. about several months.
One body was recovered at 9am after a search operation, which continued since last night, while the second body was recovered around noon.
Although the players of Evergreen Mukhla tried hard, they couldn't score until the end of the match and suffered a defeat.
The incident happened on the 22nd of this month, in which two houses were severely damaged but fortunately no one was injured. affair.
Letters of appointment were also distributed to 19 members of the Executive Committee of the NPP for various positions in the presence of MLA 2-Jowai Wailadmiki Shylla, State Secretary. NPP Dr. Donkupar War and Jasmine Lyngdoh, State President of the Women's Wing NPP. : Shri.Habahun Dkhar (MDC), General Secretary: Shri.Donboklang Jana, Organizing Secretary: Shri.Eladmiki Suting, Office Secretary: Shri.Girison Lamare, Publicity Secretary: Shri.Larilang Oo Patwet, Treasurer: Shri.Martu Sari, Adviser : Shri.Stephenson Mukhim, Adviser: Shri.Gilbert Sten, Block President Nartiang: Shri.Hamkom khyriem, Block President Jowai: Shri.Darilang Lamare, Block President Raliang: Shri.Heingeitmon Suchiang, Block President Mowchiang.Hertami: Shri. President Amlarem: Shri.Hep Pohtmi (MDC), District youth President: Shri.Ebormi Lyngdoh, Members NPP West Jaintia Hills: Shri.Sniawbhalang Dhar (MLA), Shri.Comingone Ymbon (MLA) & Shri.Wailadmiki Shylla (MLA).
This too is a misunderstanding.
Because such medicines cannot be obtained from neighboring hospitals. 3) The invasion of one village by another:- There are some villages which take advantage to disrupt the movement of neighboring villages. .
In the first phase, medical equipment will be provided in 156 health centers which will include the installation of new medical equipment in the districts of the state.
Speaking to reporters, Bhanusib, Secretary of the Farmers' Association, which includes five villages, Thyllaw, Warding, Mawdiengkhiet, Mawdngiem and Lumdiengngan, said that earlier in the incident, There was a meeting between the two Himas and the DC to discuss peace and an agreement was reached that they should not cause any riots or violence. The meeting was held on July 16 this year.
Jamshaphrang Kharsati (44) and Labonstar Tarow (65) scored the first goal for Madanrting while Evening Tariang (56) scored the third goal for Madanrting.
The NPP also accepts the existence of a group of ethnic parties in the North East.
The Kpep Thang Briew is named after Bah Kambel Shullai, the chief of the Hynniewtrep Hills who created the Khnap Thang Briew.
“Yes, I'm just finished drinking and I'm going to need something,” said the father.
Shillong, June 11: A CRPF officer, SI Jagdish Singh, D Coy 152 Bn, CRPF Camp Indoor Stadium, has been killed in a clash between the crowd and the CRPF personnel. Mendipathar (NGH) was bombed and tied by the residents of Mendipathar and later the CRPF police attacked the residents and the clash lasted for a while, in which the CRPF also took away one person. After this, the people turned back to the CRPF station and demanded the release of Baswan, but later the state police managed to release Baswan. The incident is ongoing and the investigation is ongoing.
She said that Mahua Moitra as MP from the TMC party when she stood up to speak in Parliament other BJP MPs were silent and no one dared to speak against her and in Meghalaya we will expel the party. BJP. She also said that Amit Shah has said that Meghalaya is the most corrupt state.
The Dorbar Shnong together with the Tympang Club have also set the rules that 30 minutes will be allowed for each candidate/party to explain the grounds for which they are contesting this election. There will be 5 minutes for Response Time.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The GNLA has killed the Headmaster of Jingamgre SSA LP School, Madison Ch Marak in front of a crowd on charges of collaborating with the government in East Garo Hills.
The Congress leaders were surprised after the meeting with Conrad and said that this demand has been going on for a long time since 2007 when Dr. Mukul Sangma and DD Lapang were Chief Ministers. He said that these Congress leaders did not listen at all even though they are from the same Congress family but when they met with Conrad who is from the NPP they said that the meeting was very different and he listens carefully and promises to do whatever is necessary.
The arrested include Harish Das, Dipu Teran of Sonapur, Dibyajyoti Shaw of Assam, Shemphang Shadap, Maldini Shangpliang, Banrap Malai, Jodamin Malai and Vicky Malai.
On the other hand, Bah Bosswel Khongthohrem said that he has received complaints from many residents of the village alleging that Bah Sahnam Diengdoh has sold too much rice and cut about 10 kg of rice. kg which the public should receive.
It would be better, at such a time, that the State Government, should not only take the voluntary services of the Dorbar Shnongs, but should immediately go to court or consult with the District Council. to repeal the 2015 Act and to introduce stricter rules, because the truth shows that the Dorbar Shnongs For example, the fight against the disease is not only the government (although it has experts), but the village authorities should take responsibility. moreover, in the enforcement of the laws and regulations in their villages and that the struggle has almost been successful, until these days.
“The CAA is much more terrible than the dance of the beast or 666, as written in the Bible, because this law not only affects religion, but also the culture of the people” said Lal Thanhawla in a meeting with Congress members.
After completing his BA, Swell continued his studies at Calcutta University and then completed his Master Degree and this time he passed in 1st Class.
Shillong: Expressing the concern to upgrade the deficit of all Adhoc teachers from SSA and others in the state, the Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma, on Tuesday said that the cost is no longer enough. The government doesn't have to spend money.
He also directed the NHIDCL not to ask the state government to give peace, but to do their duty.
When asked what kind of assistance the government has promised to provide, Arist said that they have not yet said anything and they will announce on the day of the final talks in Delhi. 24th.
The KSU will continue to follow up on this matter and will wait for six months for a reply from the DC's office to clarify the report on their inspection,” said F.Suiam President KSU Laskein Circle. and also the General Secretary of the KSU.
Other stronger protest programs will be announced later if these programs are not successful.
The Minister said that if the railway comes, the people of Jaintia Hills will benefit more.
“There are also the elderly who are shocked when they hear the song Ri Khasi Ri Khasi, which is related to the national anthem of Wales,” said Kong Pauline.
Earlier, Las Vegas police announced that the school would have to close temporarily while the investigation continues.
It was at this time that he called out to the people and it was at that time that the women came, who were fishing with another old man, who was in the same river. The BSF also wanted to arrest the doctor.
He said that deficit teachers do not get promoted to the post of Principal or Vice Principal even after serving for more than 25-30 years.
Jowai, July 19 : The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District today issued an order under Section 144 CrPC to ban any person from entering the country under Section 144 CrPC. Individuals or groups to carry money up to Rs.50,000/- (Fifty Thousand) within the District.
The six areas affected in the State are Tarabari (4.69 sq km), Gizang (13.53 sq km), Hahim (3.51 sq km), Boklapara (1.57 sq km), Khanapara-Pilangkata (2.29 sq km) and Ratacherra. (11.20 sq kms).
Those who attended the SHG Mela & Health Camp included Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang as the chief guest, RM Kurbah, Deputy Commissioner, Ri-Bhoi District. Victor Ranee MDC, D Syiemiong, BDO Jirang C&RD Block, Paiem RH Wahlang Syiem of Jirang Hima and many others were present.
There were 8 deaths.
Sitting back, he began to glare at the people in attendance.
Mukhla March 02: The Dorbar Shnong Mukhla Nongrim under the leadership of the Waheh Shnong and Secretary Shnong on Saturday held a cleanliness drive with the participation of youths, boys and girls, as well as parents of the village. .
Nongpoh, July 17: A passenger of a Scooty has died recently and the driver of a Scooty has been injured when a truck suddenly collided with him while they were trying to turn the Scooty. The incident occurred at Dulongnar village on the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi District.
He said that it cannot be said that the criminals are more likely to offer clothes and household items just to get a chance to deceive women and children.
Rida worked hard and slept only a few hours.
The Gram Sevak of the Block is Hussain Ali Sheikh, the Secretary VEC is Sofiqul Islam and the BDO is D. Roy.
Tongsoh, like a magician, followed the Dkhar, and did not listen to her brother.
Commander said that the union wants the government to take action as soon as possible on this issue so that the Khasi filmmakers will not just release their films when when they have produced, but that they can be shown in cinema halls, he added.
“As we are celebrating the 50th anniversary of the state, instead of the casino, we should have opened a stadium in Ri Bhoi District because Ri Bhoi District is one of the most developed districts in all aspects,” he said. and Hek.
It is only through the Son that all the affairs of the kingdom of heaven are conducted. Jesus is equal to the Father in heaven. All the hidden things in heaven are known only to Jesus and the Father.
I cannot escape this storm on my way to the Promised Land.
Therefore, the truth is that the ethnic parties will not unite and will be able to stir up trouble or join hands with those who form the government just to get a piece of bread, without willing to share or group. If you are stronger than the UDP, you will be stronger than the UDP.
According to the complaint of these two leaders, the union has received a complaint from the people regarding the oversold of rice which should have been sold at T.3 tyngka per kilo. The rice is a violation of the National Food Security Act
Mr. Alan West Kharkongor, Chairperson, Meghalaya Rural Tourism Forum, gave a training on how to use the beautiful tourist attractions we have and how we should take care of them so that they will not be destroyed. pra and that it will be a blessing not only to us but also to our future generations.
If you know someone or have a connection with those in authority you can get it.
The NPP has not targeted me and I have not asked,” he said.
“We have invested the money through nutritious food for the athletes and we have also increased the cash prize for medal winners," he added.
They found him suddenly at a place not far from the house where he had committed suicide with two children aged 10, 2 months and 4 years old who had died at that place.
“We strongly urge the MDCs of the Khasi and Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Councils to translate into Khasi and explain to their MDC constituencies in front of the Syiems, Sirdars, Lyngdohs, Wahadadars, Kur Dorbars, Seng Kurs especially. The Purpose of the Appointment and Succession of Chiefs and Headmen Act 1959, and we are ready to explain to any Kur who wishes to do so. clarification regarding this Act which has increased the value of the Hynniewtrep land, in front of foreign authorities,” said the statement.
The author had interviewed the chairman in 1993 in the country's newspapers.
“We have witnessed the sculptures that the students have drawn and made with hard work and thought how to draw them and this hard work of theirs has shown that these children are ready. books and seek information along with following exactly the subject of the market,” said Bakshi.
“Referring to the report submitted by Justice Katakey on the illegal mining in the state, the former Prime Minister said, “Have you seen the report of Justice Katakey in which the report He said that this is in line with what the government has admitted that there are up to 32 lakh metric tonnes of coal stored in various fields in the district. It doesn't have more than 19 lakh metric tons.
On the same day, a rally was held at Rangblang Sohsyniang village in which many women, men and youths took part to express their feelings about Manipur, said a statement from Easter Thyrniang, Secretary, Manipur. Catholic Women Association, Nongstoin Diocese.
This morning, the order was thrown at the door of Javed's house, alleging that it was an illegal building and immediately, later, it was taken away by the puh. shilum and destroyed the lower floor and the first floor.
Talking to family members will help you to understand each other.
This can be caused by a lack of food choices, a lifestyle that lacks mental peace and health, mental illness and many other factors. hypertension or high blood pressure.
Bah Kenneth Shadap said, “We are the teachers who are the builders of the country and the nation. .
Your work is a timely requirement and the advisors are wise,” said Miss.
The Deputy Chief Minister in charge of PWD, Prestone Tynsong laid the foundation stone for the construction of the road at Huroi village on Tuesday.
This is the 20th meeting between the Chief Ministers of the two states since the birth of Meghalaya.
Others who took part in the motion were Gavin Mylliem, Sohra MLA, Shella MLA, Pius Marweiñ, Ranikor MLA, HM Shangpliang, Mawsynram MLA, Ferlene Sangma, Salsella MLA and others. others.
The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Shillong, in collaboration with the PA Sangma Foundation, said that the meeting was organized by the Synod College, Shillong.
Shillong: The Geological Survey of India (GSI) in a statement today said that on 20th November 2019, at 3.30 pm, while scientists of the survey, Bauxite mining in parts of Mawiawtep, near Rambrai, Meghalaya.
“On this day, a football match was also held between Laitmynsang Sports Club and Jongksha Sports Club.
They said that they are full citizens of Meghalaya like the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo.
On Monday, the Mawlai Village Leaders met with the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh to discuss the progress of the fight against drugs.
“The discussion is that the people of these villages should come together when they visit the Regional Committees to express their wishes to be in Meghalaya, so that they can get approval when the spot inspection comes,” said the Deputy CEM.U. “The purpose of the meeting is to explain to the people that they want to come to Meghalaya and if we can do that it will help us to get back the land in Meghalaya and through the The availability of proper documents, especially from those land owners who have been in existence for years, will help to verify along with the willingness of the people to come to Meghalaya.
Lamyrsiang SC beat Lumsashram SC 2-1 in the opening match of the Super Division of the Saipung Block Sports Association.
Referring to the deforestation, even the ancients knew that the deforestation reduces the production of fresh air and increases the production of polluted air.
It is unclear whether the widening of this road will actually relieve the traffic jam or whether it will worsen.
These include EGH: 15, EJH: 6, EKH: 107, NGH: 4, RBD: 25, SGH: 06, SWGH: 17, SWKH: 08, WGH: 50, WJH: 89 and WKH:
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the government through the Labor Department will hold a meeting with private companies to encourage them to apply for jobs. You are from the state of Meghalaya.
He said that those who talk about cows and sheep, forget about the 50 crore people who live on these animals.
For more information please visit:.
Shillong, Lber 07: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the state government will not celebrate the Good Governance Day on November 25 as it is against the Good Governance Day. the feelings of the Christian community.
The Government of Japan has provided financial assistance through the Grant Assistance for Grassroots Projects (GGP) scheme to meet the needs of the people in low-income countries.
KSU West Khasi Hills President John F Nongsiang said that after receiving the complaint, the KSU has visited the school and found that the students are still having to stay in their rooms. school building without windows and have to endure the rain and wind.
Nongpoh, Jymmang, 18: Two friends, although disabled, have been unable to walk and stand like others with disabilities. They have set the best example to others of being a special friend when they have the time to talk or meet and discuss or discuss human beings.
The drug in the blood of monkeys has previously been shown to have the ability to fight aging in the blood vessels, as well as strengthen brain cells, according to a team from Harvard.
This is a shield against the spread of the virus, and will also strengthen your immune system.
Out of the seven, four are under 18 years of age (Juvinille) while three are over 18 years of age.
The meeting will be held at 1.00 pm.
Shillong: There have been 101 new cases of corona virus in East Khasi Hills today.
Nongstoiñ: Robbers on Friday, 15th July, robbed the office of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Nongstoin Circle opposite the Nongstoin Police Station.
South Shillong MLA Sanbor Shullai on Saturday launched development schemes worth more than T.12 crore in the constituency.
The tournament was held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
The peace and stability in the state has received praise from foreigners that this is due to the cooperation of the residents and the government, said Bah Sawkmie.
Deputy CEM of ARPA Teinwell Dkhar and MDC of UDP Shella have written a letter to CEM Ardent M Basaiawmoit on the need for closer cooperation within the ARPA. The ARPA was formed with the aim of working with a strong EC that will be able to provide fair services to the people.
However, “Ka Prah Song” has spread widely and has stirred up the supporters of the party and its candidates.
Daplin said, “Yes.
Speaking at the confirmation meeting of the UDP Women Wing Mawlai on Saturday at Mawdatbaki with the participation of about 500 women, Bah Embhahlang said, “You will not I am not an MLA to distribute shatri, patlun but to advocate for the rights of you people”.
Bah Byrsat also expressed his confidence to win again this time by saying that even in 2018 he has not been able to reach all the villages of the constituency in a short period of time but Speaking to reporters, Bah Gabriel Wahlang said that he has been elected as an MLA for five years and the people have seen his work as an MLA and of the NPP government. After the people of Nongstoin constituency elected him as MDC, he still wants to serve better the people as MLA and he said that it is up to the free will of the people whom they elect as MLA. you are a leader.
She said that this is not only to blame the government, but also to blame the 60 MLAs, because the party has sent letters; but they received not the letter which they sent.
There was no rainfall in Shillong, Sohra and Umiam today.
On this occasion, there were also heated discussions between the PAC members, the land owners who have not yet received their bailutksan against the District Authorities of Ri Bhoi, on the grounds of how to destroy their land. , because they have not received any payment from the government.
The KHADC has earlier sent the name of Bah J. Reenborn while the state government has sent the name of Kong Irene Lyngdoh.
Explain that Scotland and Wales are not called British but Scottish and Welsh.
They sit and listen to whatever happens to their children/wards.
All these evil things come from within, and defile the man.
It is in such songs that he has been able to preserve the reputation of the customs and traditions of the nation.
The vehicle carrying these items was seized by the BSF at Pyrdiwah.
Meghalaya did not score many runs in the morning, but scored 88 runs for the loss of eight wickets. Punit Bisht (guest professional) who is also the captain scored only 24 runs, Bamanbha Shangpliang 19 runs and Dippu Ch Sangma scored 14 rounds.
Police have registered a case at Madanryting Police Station and have charged them under Sections 21 (b)/25/27/29 of the Indian Penal Code.
Jyrwa said the reason why the traffic police in Khyndailad has been shocked is because the taxis don't pay as much as they used to.
Cricket West Indies (CWI) has sacked former West Indies men's cricketer Courtney Walsh from his post as chief executive officer. of the Women’s Cricket Team.
Thus, “And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations; and then shall the end come” (Matthew 24:14).
Furthermore, the complaint said that the arrival of these factories has not helped to improve the economy or employment but has caused diseases.
The ACHIK on Tuesday strongly condemned the illegal smuggling of supari from Bangladesh to Garo Hills, saying that this has caused concern among the members of the village authorities. and society because of its impact on public health and income as well.
AIS SUJA “How long shall these wonders be”? Daniel 12:6
On 26th July 2016, Mukul Sangma removed Rowell Lyngdoh (MLA Mawkyrwat) from the post of Chief Secretary and AL Hek (MLA Pynthor) from the post of Minister of Finance. Martin M Dango MLA Ranikor and Ronnie V Lyngdoh MLA Mylliem constituency have been appointed in their place.
I will conclude this Good Friday message by quoting a song by the great theologian of India, SJ Samartha, entitled, Saturday People, People Who Live on Saturday, “In the middle of the day Good Friday and Easter Sunday There are people who live on Saturday whom we don't know, don't recognize and don't talk about.
Because of the unemployment, he said that many educated youths have fallen into drug abuse, alcoholism and crime. “What we are facing now It's not a problem but it's still a sign of a problem, it's here that young people are struggling with money, unemployment, they can't live as they expected and they don't need anything else to support themselves. “Drug abuse, alcohol abuse and violent activities by joining insurgents and the society has to suffer,” he said.
They demanded that the law enforcement authorities should give a fair trial to the child who lost her precious life and to give a severe punishment to Dawanbiang Langstang and that other perpetrators should think twice before committing suicide. and commit any evil deed against women and children.
He said that the leaders have taken over all the contract works and the remaining trade works have been awarded to foreigners.
Conrad said the government has set up the Directorate of Food Processing and expects many other missions to be carried out. the rep is in the state.
Former FKJGP War Jaintia leader Lasting Lamin Gadew, President Tarzon Lymba and Stelin Mukhim Secretary Padu Village Council were also present.
In his speech, he said that MeECL and the Government of Meghalaya want the residents of the area to return to the era of darkness when the whole world is moving towards light.
On the same day, the Member Secretary of MSPCB, Dr. GH Chyrmang MFS visited Nongsning Village to inspect the condition of the drinking water wells used by the two Dorbar Shnongs of Nongsning and Umrasong. East Jaintia Hills District.
On the same day, the KSU also released a documentary film on the trade in Hynniewtrep. A funeral service was held at Mot Tirot Singh at Iew Rynghep, Laitumkhrah.
When questioned by the VDP Shnong, Batmi Dkhar confessed that his group was involved in the theft of several cows.
“The holding of these sports games is like an opportunity to compete even to hold 'World Class Sports' and through this it will also help us to be able to prepare for the Notional Games for some of the games. It will also be held in Tura,” said the Prime Minister.
Therefore, the public and lawyers, who have met with the Chief Justice of the District Council Court or others working there, are directed to immediately inform their names and ages. and their addresses to the Registrar, District Council Court, Shillong, so that the government authorities can inquire about them.
After the escape, the incident was reported to all the District Police and they conducted a search operation around the area.
The census of MePDCL will affect the residents of the entire area.
These 300 cameras will help to deter criminals.
They also expressed their happiness, because as it is now, the road to Patharkhmah, has been too difficult because the road is good, but if something happens or damage to the Jingkieng ha Lailad, it will be damaged. Tonne vehicles are allowed to pass through the bridge, but as we have seen the movement of trucks at night, it is clear that they are no longer allowed to pass through the bridge. trucks carrying at a weight of less than 9 tons.
He said that the supporters of the VPP should be vigilant because the biggest opportunity to express their opposition to those who accuse will be on 19th June 2024 which is the polling day for the VPP. the election of MPs to the Lok Sabha.
Shillong: Two elderly men, including the Rangbah Shnong of Nongsohphan, Bah Harliroy Khongwieng, 50, and Bah Cornelius Khongrymmai, 40, died at around 8 pm this morning. The Maruti car (WB 12 A 7272) fell into a 100 meter high river near Nong Sohphan village near Pynursla. East Khasi Hills District.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, Deputy CEM of KHADC, said that the special session will be held for two days starting tomorrow, 22nd November,
Shillong: Police in West Garo Hills, have arrested three vehicle thieves, who used to drive and change the license plates of vehicles, which they used to steal from the border of Assam and Meghalaya.
The Seiñ Kur Dkhar -EJHD, prays and thanks and prays to God the Creator that, through this Behdeiñkhlam of Seiñraij Tuber, He will bless all the children of Seiñraij Tuber so that they will be healthy. heal crate; grow and expand in all directions; and also, peace from generation to generation.
Home Minister Amit Shah has suspended his election campaign in Karnataka to ensure peace and order in Manipur.
In Ribhoi District, 31 cases including 13 cases from the Army and 18 cases from High Risk Contacts; In West Garo Hills, 12 cases have been confirmed, 7 cases have been confirmed in West Garo Hills, 7 cases have been confirmed in West Garo Hills. one from outside the state and 2 high risk contacts.
She said the JNNURM vehicle service has allowed the department to purchase more vehicles as it is sufficient.
On the emergence of groups to take jait from the father, Bah Kharpran said that if there are two groups, one group will take jait from the father and one group will take jait from the mother. who counted after habud.
The Seinraij Raliang has expressed its gratitude to these four persons who have donated these items to be used for various programs in the village.
“Although we will start doing so by focusing on the more popular sports, we should not turn our attention to other sports,” he said. games to focus more.
“The party accepts that the freight railway should be only in Khanapara. If the freight railway is inside the state, it will help in the trade and from the harassment of the people of the state. Assam, but the RDA is opposed to bringing the railway to Shillong as demanded by the BJP party.
The SHISUR Self Help Group donated by the Jaintia Hills Development Society (SHISUR) has also distributed a food box to the SHISUR Self Help Group. There have been 11 new cases of COVID-19 and 126 active cases in the State on Tuesday.
Eicher Trucks & Buses, the sales division of VE Commercial Vehicles, has accomplished many great things in the field of transportation related activities. truck transportation by which it has further improved the service infrastructure and also come in the leading positions in the ability to deliver goods and deliver people on time for those who use these services – which is an essential part of ensuring that people can in order to ensure that people can make full use of these vehicles today, in terms of need in commerce of the 21st century.
The statement said that this is only the beginning of the protest against the Governor's suspension to pass the KHADC and JHADC Bills, against the government's order to repeal the Ordinance, against the Shillong, Nailur 14: The National Food Security Mission (NFC) has launched a Draft Bill to protest against the government's failure to withdraw the MUDA border crossing. The National Food Security Act, 2013 was launched by the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma at a meeting held in Tura on Saturday.
In the past few months, there have been two serious road accidents in parts of Sawmer.
PD Sangma, Deputy Commissioner, Chairman of the District Management Authority, West Khasi Hills, said that the mock drill was conducted to raise awareness among the residents on how to cooperate with the trained groups. and also that the residents should be able to prepare in advance the necessary equipment in case of any unexpected incident.
Out of these 809, 397 are males and 412 are females who have been selected through the exhibition of their skills in the past few days.
The incident happened at 7.30 pm last night and when the scooty was on its way, a truck, which was driving wrong, collided with the scooty. .
Shillong, Nailur 21: Earlier, the residents of MeECL said that if there are other companies to distribute electricity, the residents will refuse to take electricity from MeECL. The CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, has confirmed the intention of the state government to hold the mid-term elections, saying that the government cannot decide on its own to hold the mid-term elections without the The District Council, as all the expenses of the election have to be deducted from the District Council's budget.
The Deputy Commissioner, West Khasi Hills District, shall be the Member Secretary.
I would like to inform all my friends if I have made a mistake, I don't speak badly of other political parties, maybe there will be a time when I will join other political parties but for now I don't. “I don't have anything to do with any political party but for now I will continue to serve the issues that affect the nation,” said Bevan.
Besides, the construction of a mega football stadium at Wahiajer, West Jaintia Hills at a cost of T.25 crore.
Forty or fifty years ago, once I finished class vi above, even from home I was invited.
This is a step we want to see going forward," he added.
When asked what she has to say about the bomb shooting, Kong Ïamon said that she cannot do anything at present but “What happened today to the children? “It's something we feel sorry for them,” said Kong Ïamon.
Shillong, November 02: The State Police Department on Saturday announced the results of the written test for the 2022 recruitment examination. in the year
Hooid, if implemented properly without partiality or without putting politics first but working for the sake of the youth, this mission of the government will be successful. Meghalaya is the state of Meghalaya.
However, India failed to beat New Zealand in the 2023 ODI World Cup.
“There are about 10 societies from Upper Shillong and about 2 societies from Ri Bhoi District who sell to the Agency,” said Dr Jyrwa. The Veterinary Department has taken steps to ensure that these areas are protected.
And this should come after our government has held a thread bare discussion among its members.
At this meeting, the JHTOA leaders who spoke on the issue of issuing slips to the truck owners and urged them to register their names with the JHTOA to get the They also discussed the issue of increasing the number of trucks carrying goods to the dewbilat factories from 60 trucks to increase the number of trucks carrying goods to the dewbilat factories in East Jaintia Hills. District and it has also been decided to issue one slip per truck per day.
“I am surprised how the candidate of Prah who won the election dared to protest in fact should have accepted the decision of the people of Mawprem to elect Bah Paul as MLA. he gets all the way to the fourth level," he said.
Robert Kharshiing, MLA and MP Rajya Sabha.
After receiving detailed information, the BSF troops also seized a large quantity of sugarcane after raiding at many places in the border areas of the state.
“I have good hope for East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills that in 2023 who knows if the NPP party will be able to restore history, as it was in the past. The UDP has won 7 out of 7 seats and perhaps the NPP will win 7 out of 7 seats.
The last Thangbuhalo in War Jaintia was held in 1947 by the people of Thangbuli and Jaraiñ; They did this in parts of Jaraiñ after India gained independence from the French.
Prestone said the construction of the railway line to the border with Assam is in progress and will reach Byrnihat, Ri-Bhoi district. all the necessary arrangements were made.
Dehradun, July 23: Army rescue teams are still searching for missing persons in the floods in Uttarakhand. assistance in rescue and recovery of the victims of the Kedarnath incident.
This means that Jesus is speaking of the time when Israel, as a nation scattered all over the world, will become a living, powerful nation again, whose nations will come from all over the world to make four times the land of Khrawbor of God.
On the other hand, the HYC strongly condemns this action of the police guarding the gate and urges the authorities to take action and fulfill their duties properly.
Speaking on the success of the State in implementing the JJM, Conrad said that Meghalaya is now an example to other States in implementing the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) to deliver drinking water to households.
She referred to the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act, 1957 which is a threat to the property rights of the indigenous people of the state.
Condemning this action of the Rangbah Shnong, the union said that it is a corruption and taking advantage of him and urged the youth, elders and the people of the village to punish such a person. the chief of the village.
They shall sit down, and stand still.
This clarification came after the residents of Moodymmai alleged that the Waheh Shnong's working methods in relation to the money laundering are unclear.
The Deputy Chairman, left early this morning and brought the sha to the MPs, who were sitting outside Parliament, but it was reported that they did not accept the sha brought by the Deputy Chairman.
There will be banks, registration points, transportation of goods, residential areas, prayer points, shops, exchange offices, Custom office, Immigration, training room, bus to transport from Zero Point to the parking lot, import and export parking, doctors, patients, etc. Airplane Card.
Risa Synnah (18) was happy to take part in such a program and said that she now understands how the youth should come forward to preserve the environment and protect the environment. .
In addition, it is suspected that the politician has been involved in the robbery of local people at another government office in Nongstoin, the Meghalaya New & Renewable Energy Development Agency (MNREDA). The post of Project Officer shall be held without advertisement, without examination or interview.
No casualties were reported from the earthquake.
Dharmendra served in Bikaner from 2004-2
People who live in warmer countries have darker skin such as Africans and Europeans and Americans and others have lighter skin because they live in colder climates.
Speaking to media, the Secretary of the union, Bah R.Khonglam, said that the reason for the collapse of the bridge is due to the negligence of the contractor. He said that from what is seen it can be understood that it is because they fill only with soil which is low when vehicles pass and the water enters during the time. shower.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 01: The deforestation in West Khasi Hills, is one of the problems that the people have not yet understood that this is a bad thing and affects the environment. environment.
Chen Yufei of China beat An Se Young 21-16, 22-20 in the singles.
In the Under-17 category, Don Bosco Higher Secondary School, Tura won the title after defeating Rongkhon in the final.
After searching all these drug users, the union burnt down all the injections, marijuana and other items seized from the plates.
During the visit, he met with Prof.
They promise and ask for time to complete within 10 months but every month they promise to do something until the work is stalled and it is the fault of the High Level Committee (HLC) of this MDA government. The urgent signing of the MOU between the Chief Minister of Assam and the Chief Minister of Meghalaya to resolve the border issue immediately has complicated and changed the border issue between the two countries. that state.
Is their purpose to visit and see the beauty of nature or to play music in the sleeping village? All this is because the village authorities themselves do not take responsibility to set strict rules. for visitors in the village.
However, in the Dkhar country, this gur is used extensively in cleaning with all kinds of foods and in making sweets, or in eating as such.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that there is no birdflu case in the state, but to prevent the spread of the disease, the state government has ordered a ban on the import of chickens and birds. They are from outside the state of Meghalaya.
The incident happened at around 2 pm when the victim was identified as Diana Dimre Ch Marak, 24, resident of Upper Babupra, Tura.
The payment is hourly, daily, monthly and monthly and other schemes that do not attract depositors so that the depositors can benefit as they are able to recruit people.
“We are waiting at this place to stop the JMB trucks from dumping garbage in our area,” said Shyrmang. bread corn sha this area.
After the incident, his family members took him to Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment.
Shillong, November 28 : The Meghalaya Athletics Association (MAA) and the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) have sent their congratulations and thanks to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills for giving permission to hold the Marathon.
According to the schedule, the match for today will be between Langsning FC and Ryntih SC. The rain which lasted for about half an hour made the stadium not suitable for playing.
The Citizenship Act of 1955 prohibits foreigners from becoming citizens of India who (i) enter India without a valid passport or by presenting forged documents or (ii) resident foreigners. exceed the validity of the visa permit.
Panwari Police Chief Vinod Kumar said the incident was arranged by the parents and the man was from Dhawar in Mahoba district. However, before the wedding ceremony, the woman left the wedding ceremony, saying that she could not marry a man who did not know how to spell. 2 spirit.
The UDP said that the CEM's action has undermined confidence in the financial affairs of the District Council and the UDP said that the CEM has extended the term of office of the former Secretary even though Pynshngaiñ has done this alone without bringing it to the Executive Committee.
The time has come for the farmers not to hesitate to produce only those harvested from their farms or fresh produces.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: The President of the AITC Meghalaya, Bah Charles Pyngrope on Tuesday said that the AITC is ready to receive the four Congress MLAs who have been suspended after they went to the Speaking to reporters, Bah Charles said that the AITC is ready to welcome these three MLAs who have been temporarily expelled from the AITC. Congress if you don't want to contest the elections from this party.
Regarding the collection of funds, Bah Blah said that the cost of operations will be high because before the dorbar the leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs have to visit many villages to explain many issues. and after that it will announce the date of the meeting.
People who will solve problems are not those who expect to get rich.
Dr Mukul said that the present government has promised to fight for the rights of the people before the elections but he questioned what happened to all these promises after the elections. elections.
The Commission has been directed to look into and report on how to include the villages in the two blocks under the Jowai Sub-Division of the United Khasi and Jaintia Hills District and to include them under the Mikir. Hills.
“If the CAA is not released from the Sixth Schedule, I will not support it. Meghalaya falls under the Sixth Schedule so the CAA cannot be implemented. AgathaIf the CAA does not affect the state, the opposition parties have started to make it one issue even though there is nothing.
God's dwelling place is the things unseen, the things unseen are eternal.—2 Corinthians 4:1
The NPP candidate for the mid-term elections on 26th October, O.Tinujungshi Longkumer, has disappeared after filing his nomination papers on 26th October. 2019, after you have registered.
And if one child gets sick, the whole school gets sick.
The injured were identified as Bryan Kupar War, Manbha Kupar L Nongrum and Tosharia Dhar, all of Mawlai Mawroh.
The change of a woman's love for a man depends on the ability to marry or on the opportunity, not just free will.
I am here to work with everyone so that we can end the spread of drugs,” said the Minister, adding that it is necessary to work together so that we can bring about changes and make Mizoram better. safe for future generations.
In addition, the drinkers drink apot until the bones, jaws and brain are broken.
Therefore, the establishment of these factories by the villagers is like opening the way for the trade to grow in terms of income not only for the Shahlang area, but for the West Khasi Hills. The coal has to be unloaded to Beltola and other parts of Assam, but the price of coal has been increased by the coal miners. The presence of these factories in Shahlang will bring many benefits and income to the traders of the area and the people as well.
The State will now celebrate its 50th Anniversary and the country as a whole will celebrate its 95th Anniversary of Independence.
It is sad that MCCL, which has been famous in the past for the dewbilat produced by this company, is stronger than other dewbilat of other factories.
Shillong, June 04: The BJP Meghalaya on Tuesday launched the BJP Shillong City District under the leadership of Bah Mariahom Kharkhang.
For the Rambrai-Jyrngam constituency, the party has decided to hold a public meeting on the 26th of this month at Iew Langpih.
The MLA of 17-North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, said that the need now for the state is to resolve the border between Assam and Meghalaya rather than dividing the state. but after the partition of the state it had to dispute land with Garo.
Therefore, near the tent they used to light a fire with large sticks to scare away the bseiñ and animals.
The orphanage has a total of 11 children.
In a short meeting, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare discussed how to prevent the spread of Tuberculosis (TB) by giving explanations to the public to make them aware that TB is a disease. it can be treated and cured only if the patients are taking drugs.
Members of HANM Ri Bhoi, when they seized these lines, tried to ask them how many factories in the Byrnihat area, have gone to collect money. They said that they had gone to collect money from almost all the big factories in the area.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: Up to 50126 students including Regular and Private candidates have sat for the Matric examination across the state.
“We need our own people to rule the state to save and protect the nation. That is why we are going to encourage the students to study hard for the development of the nation in all aspects. These youngsters will be the weapons of the nation tomorrow,” said Bah Ba.
The Scientific Adviser to the Government of India, Dr K Vijay Raghavan, had earlier said that the outbreak of the third wave of the coronavirus was inevitable.
They are the UDP and NCP. The Nil results of these parties have put a big challenge for their leaders in
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District has expressed its deep sorrow over the incident.
The financial support of the Federal Government is not that India is treating us well, no it is not.
On July 3, there were 1,513 cases in Delhi, the highest number of cases in two months.
This village falls under the Raid Nongmynsaw Syiemship and has 51 households and about 300 inhabitants.
“These posts (are still vacant) in the existing Outposts and in the Border Outposts.
The goal of the Prime Minister of the country is to make India a clean and safe country.
This Act was amended in 2004 (Amendment Act,
If Jesus comes into our town or yours, Jesus will choose whose house he will enter.
Psalm 102:25.
On the issue of the Syiem of Mylliem, Latiplang said that the KHADC is surprised that there may be something hidden between the Syiem and the foreigner.
Speaking to reporters, Spingshon Mawlieh, Finance Secretary, Lyngngam Nongtrai Multipurpose Cooperative Society, said that the scheme came from the KHADC through the MDC of the area, Gigur Myrthong. the market at the Society's premises near Riangdo Market.
MPCC Chief Dr DD Lapang said there are good reasons and it is right to fight for Rilum, but now it has caused difficulties to the people living in those border areas.
The Principal of Synod College, Dr. RM Lyngdoh, said that the problem now will be for the students who come from the rural areas as they will have to use computers for the examination.
The selection of the athlete came after he won the gold medal in the 3 State Bench Press Competition held in 2022 at Umsning, Ri Bhoi District.
,In this regard, we all know that the Sohra language is one of the dialects of the Khasi-Pnar people or our Hynniew Trep Hynniew Skum. Reading & Writing, Writing and Vocal Intercourse in our daily activities and especially when we reach the to talk to people we don't know well or strangers (even if they are Khasi Khara) whom we meet here and there and especially when we can see that they are those who have no education or no education at any level.
The Lamphang said that the proceedings of the dorbar cannot be issued as the EC has not answered all the questions.
There are 24 teams participating in this tournament and they are divided into 8 categories.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 03: In a thorough investigation by this reporter, it was found that from each village on the border there are residents from Garo and Khasi villages who have registered themselves in both the lists. electoral roll of Meghalaya and Assam.
On the morning of the 7th of this month, KHNAM has surprisingly visited the hospital to check the influx of foreigners and found six buses (Night Super) which have arrived early in the morning in front of the gate. NEIGRHIMS and of these 6 buses there were also dozens of people who did not have documents and did not know even the EPIC and KHNAM has handed them over to the police.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur, 14: The road is one of the most important issues that the rural people want the government to provide.
Of course, there are other schemes of the government like PMKVY, DDUGKY, but this mission is more special because the Chief Minister of the state has clearly directed that we should not end up in training and there is no benefit.
Before the meeting, a public meeting was held at the Khanduli Football Ground.
“When my supporters who have been with me, I cannot turn away from them and that is why I announce publicly that I will contest this MDC election,” said Bah James Sylliang.
In a statement issued by L.Sten Rangbah Mukroh and H.Sumer, members of the village, said, “The Karbi people have been allowed to enter the border area. The state and district authorities have not taken any action to check their own border, so the people of Karbi (Assam) have been able to take advantage of it at will. place or in any part".
The fire has caused heavy traffic jam in Garikhana area and vehicles coming from Mawlai area have been diverted through Motphran road.
There are up to 30 trainees including men and women aged 14 to 25 years.
Therefore, friend, do not say, 'I am no longer useful.
A meeting was held at the Police Reserve Conference Hall between the police and Rangbah Shnongs including members from Riatsamthiah, Wahingdoh, Jaiaw Shyiap, Jaiaw Mihngi and Mawlai Phudmuri. Lawmali which has caused great concern to the surrounding villages.
He said that the Rangbah Shnong of Madanrting has informed that the Dorbar Shnong has no knowledge of the arrival of the police from Manipur, as they came through a religious group.
He said they have already seized all the documents including the Map from 1896 and the Notification 1957-58 relating to the disputed areas with Assam.
After Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Telangana, Karnataka and Gujarat are the top four states in terms of efficiency, while Madhya Pradesh and Jharkhand are the top five states. and Bihar are the worst affected states and the reason is because of the social and income decline in these states, said PAC Chairman K. Kasturirangan.
The 12 Sengbhalang leaders stood firmly against the company's proposal on the grounds that the mining will affect the environment.
He added that the recent decision to stop the import of cattle to Meghalaya is new in view of the long line of efforts to empower Meghalaya.
He said that the positive case of Covid-19 in the state today was after testing 3 times for all those who were close to the household of Dr. Sailo where out of 181 cases, only one case has been confirmed positive today.
Nongstoiñ: MLP FT has won the 2nd Invitation Knock Out Football Tournament organized by the New Nongstoin Sport Social and Cultural Club (NNSSCC).
Before the award ceremony, a meeting was held by CR Sana, Education Secretary Jowai Circle and a keynote address was delivered by Ioannis Suchiang, President of Jowai Circle. DR.Toba Lamare, who has completed her Phd (Education), said that she should not forget her village if the children of the village succeed. they shall not wait until they have reached the goal.
" Linda replied with a smile.
Traders and commission agents licensed by the Meghalaya State Agricultural Marketing Board can get a remunerative price which is not available to the farmers.
The counting of votes was held on Tuesday in Mizoram which started at 8 pm under the supervision of security forces.
Regarding the incident in Mukroh, the President of the party said that he strongly condemns the incident and the attack by the Assam police and demanded that the government should take a strong decision not to They should not only appoint investigators, but should also send an independent investigation by the National Investigation Agency (NIA).
“They stayed with me while she and Baby X were in a nearby room,” he said.
When we think ahead and live our days thinking without losing purpose, we will reach the goal.
The Khasi Pnar people are very good at cooking various foods and these foods which are prominent and delicious to eat include putharo, pulum, pusaw, pumaloi, jashulia, jakrai, riewhadem, jashriew, japan and other foods.
Here the conflict is clear and the foundation of government has been violated.
The Crime Scene Unit (CSU), Dog Squad and Forensic Team have arrived at the scene.
Nongpoh: U Ken Syiem, Syiem of Raid Marwet, on Tuesday visited the opening ceremony of Lucy Sawkmie, a Khasi woman who owns a land in Khanapara and opened a large hotel in Khanapara. The Syiem also expressed his words of encouragement to the Khasi, saying that the Khasi who own land in the area, should build Paki street houses, so that the border will be safe. u sam the state.
In the incident, the CRPF also damaged a Maruti 800 registration number ML 05 W 3140 belonging to the Mawphor journalist. touch hands and get bombarded from leg and genital areas until they bleed.
The purpose of this rally is to see that his supporters are still strong.
Jowai, Jymmang 28: As part of the “Friendly Football Match,” the District Legal Service Authority of West Jaintia Hills District has organized a “Friendly Football Match” " today at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, East Jowai.
“I have been in the Congress party for a long time, I have faced many difficulties, I have lost my time,” she said.
It may be recalled that the police have already ordered Bernard N Marak to surrender himself at the Sardar Police Station, but the MDC has refused to do so. he allegedly feared the police had a plot to shoot him dead.
Ma Bamon, in November 2017, left the NPP. Ma Bamon, joined the NCP, where he contested the election from the party in 2008 and won as an MLA from the party. organization.
The event began with an opening ceremony and honored the distinguished speakers followed by the introduction of buyers and exporters from all over the world.
This is the reason why our state has declined over the years.
Therefore, we urge that it is not good to elect Nongthawaiñ and Nongsynshar for people who are too low in education.
According to the order issued by the District Magistrate of West Khasi Hills District, the lockdown will resume from 5 pm on July 7 to 5 pm on July 14 until further notice. with something.
Ardent slammed the MDA government at a public meeting held by the VPP at Ïawmusiang, Jowai on Tuesday.
The SP of West Jaintia Hills said that despite several attempts, the body of the deceased could not be recovered yesterday.
A similar incident of seizure of gold biscuits happened on the 7th, when the Railway Police seized several gold biscuits from the railway station in Guwahati.
This movement is not new or should surprise us.
This is indeed a great and wonderful work that many people cannot understand.
Speaking on the occasion, Ms Bthuh said that to get clean air and a healthy body, the most important thing we need to do is to maintain cleanliness and protect the environment.
He said that the foundation is facing many problems especially that they do not have a place to live for the children, so it cannot take them.
Although in the past few days, the doctor said that there will be about 40 million people who will get sick in a month during the last months of January.
SHILLONG: As part of the promotion of Khasi health care in the state, a Mebaai Tribal Health and Wellness Center has been inaugurated at Golflink Shillong. Serina Wahlang, who was the chief guest on Friday.
We must start from now on, to unite the Garo and Khasi-Pnar people.
The Government should know that when Meghalaya gained independence from Assam on 21st January 1972, it was taken from two districts of Assam, the United Khasi. and Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills.
There will also be a drama performance by the students of MLCU, a song by Mynsain SHG and other performances to mark the day.
Why don't we give the name and honor to Bah JJ Nichols Roy, Syiem Tirot Singh, Thomas Jones and other great men of the Khasi people as they deserve?
The incident happened at the residence of Purushottam Sharma's wife after she found out that his husband had another wife besides her.
With this, Tura-A set a target of 267 to win.
Meanwhile, HSPDP candidate Samson Suting said that the Congress during the elections came to stir up the people but after the elections they think that the Unit Congress thinks that they are bigger than the power of the village. .
The use of illegal equipment and the driving of vehicles without seatbelts and without helmets may cause disorder and illegal activities. .
khriat-shi-khriat : which cannot be used for a long time.
On the other hand, Bah Metbah said that the management of the college has done its best not only to complete the procedures but also to thank all those who have contributed in their own way. of.
The Synod will be held from 17th to 20th October
The BSF has worked hard in the past 10 years to produce good results and encouraged Junel Tongper to take part in good deeds.
He alleged that the electricity authorities have not yet corrected their mistake.
Garod LNDN Dykes IAS Deputy Commissioner, who is also the Chairman of the Committee, while addressing the teams, said that when they go to take part in the tournament, they should not be discriminated against. but they shall have a sense of equality and brotherhood.
It was also said that the United States has provided support from time to time to Ukraine during its war against Russia and US aid and contributions have amounted to more than 40 billion dollars.
He was admitted to the Karma ICU of the Civil Hospital, but on 15th November 2020 he died at 3:25 pm. and Covid-19 pneumonia.
There are six candidates in the constituency including former Mowkaiaw MLA Robinus Syngkon who will contest from the Trinamool Congress.
On this occasion, Bah Harlan Kharngi was confirmed as the Rangbah Shnong of Sohlaitrim by Bah Wanphrang Syiem, Sirdar of Nongpoh District Sirdarship, in the presence of Bah R.Kharbihkhiew BDO Umling C&RD Block. Hima 12 Lyngdoh including Bah S.Syngkli, Secretary and Minister Bah H.Namsaw.
The nomination papers will be submitted to Room No 210, Conference Hall at the office of the Deputy Commissioner for scrutiny on 8th June
Shillong, Lber 15: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday said that out of the eight MLAs/MDCs, he is the only one who follows and obeys the Constitution of the country. as an MDC/MLA and no other 7 MDCs who have resigned from the post of MDC only after the Legislative Assembly has passed the Prevention of Disqualification Act, 2015 which has come into force since 1st March last year, which has not been used until today.
Hek said the search for the people who met Dr Kharlukhi is ongoing.
In a statement, the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah M Kharkrang, said that on 25th November, 2016, at 5 pm, a 77-year-old man, who used to walk every step. day, and he has not returned home since that day.
Shillong, Lber 17: MeECL has stopped supplying electricity to Khahsyndha villages because the consumers have not paid the electricity bill. to T.7 lakh despite the efforts of MeECL to inform them from time to time.
A 300-year-old Muslim mosque in the Iraqi city of Basra has been demolished to widen the road in the area. There have been protests from various groups because the demolition of the temple is also a condemnation and insult to the temple which is a monument to the old buildings, which will also be inspiring the local population of the area.
A father who was far away from home when his children got their results at the end of the year, through the phone, asked his wife, how are the results of his children?
Nongpoh: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) North Khasi Hills District (FKJGP) has announced that it will celebrate its 30th Anniversary. The 30th Anniversary of the Veteran Knock-Out Football Tournament
The party urges other political parties and the people to join hands to demand from the government to fully implement the Lokayukta in the state.
The fight against plastic waste, garbage from the homes of the residents is one of the problems faced for decades, but one after another government no one thinks how to take action. to last forever for the happiness of the future generation to fight against evil.
