Various groups from civil society, political parties and private individuals took part in this march.
Speaking on the occasion, the VPP leader said that the text translated into English has been prepared and distributed, but according to the rules it is clear. “If they feel that they have already translated the writings into English, they will not be able to use the English language when speaking in the Legislative Assembly,” said Bah Basaiawmoit. I don't want to speak in the House of Representatives.
It is recommended that when building or designing a house, residents should seek the assistance of an architect or engineer and during the construction of houses, should ensure that they follow strictly the laws passed in the Meghalaya Building Bye-Laws,
From the start, Mookyndur FC opened the scoring through Daohi Kharbih in the 15th minute.
Shillong, March 23: Opposition Leader Dr. Donkupar Roy has said that the ethnic parties will form a government in 2018, he said.
ACHIK, GSMC together with the United Garo People's Forum (UGPF) have launched a hunger strike since 11th November. through the New Tura Development Forum (NTDF).
We will wait for the news of Bah Lapang to return from Delhi,” said the Principal Secretary.
“That is our goal, 5 years you have done a lot you have improved the income of the state and now the state is in crisis but they don't know how to increase the income in the state. “It's because they've been filled with money from the Central Government, money from the open market and now there's a risk of being enslaved to money,” he added.
All spectators are welcome to support their players free of charge.
Expressing that the people of Meghalaya no longer trust the BJP, Pala said, “What the BJP has done in Assam to Christians, what the BJP has done in other countries Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Karnataka, I think in Meghalaya which has 78% Christians of the population and if you look at those records if you bring Modi and Amit Shah it would be better The BJP should not think twice.
Through this partnership with MakeMyTrip, one of the leading companies, WEP is promoting and working to bring about that partnership that will be in line with women in the business community to move forward.
Our leaders should feel safe and secure and their home should be comfortable, as handed over by the government, or it will not lead to their imprisonment at home. .
On the 18th July, the body of Bah Shilingbest Langrin was found from one of the places about 2 kilometers less than the place where they disappeared. Three persons, Shilingbest Langrin, Huberth Marthong and Kmenlang Nonglang, have gone missing while they were on their way to Hunting. They were suspected to have been drowned in the Umsaw of Wah Blei because at about 8 o'clock in the morning, these three persons were standing on a large rock near the river. Then the flood came.
He also recalled the uprising in the state last year against the state government's ban on teachers from participating in politics, in which teachers went to fight against This is the order of the State Government.
Another is the government's lack of opposition to the mining of uranium and the implementation of the railway.
The father also stood beside her and sat beside her.
Referring to the agriculture sector, the UDP has promised to provide assistance to those who earn their living in this field such as horticulture, animal husbandry, fisheries, beekeeping, floriculture, food processing, and others. They are also ready to create schemes that can improve the welfare of the farmers and also to have a group to monitor the minimum support price.
He also spoke on the need to promote indigenous seeds from the state and also to provide assistance on chemical fertilizer free or organic farming.
Leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Border Area including Bah Blik Sohtun President and Bah Alloysius Bina Secretary said that they do not want and fear that these Khasi youths will be tortured and harassed by the Assam police. They request the government through the Deputy Commissioner to transfer these youths to Meghalaya which is also the rule and let the state police investigate and take the necessary action.
Shillong: The Shella Youth Service (SSS) today wrote to the Director of Lafarge Umiam Mining Pvt.
He said that the students and teachers of these schools took to the streets and participated actively in the cleanliness drive.
Jowai, Naiwieng 6: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNPF) East Jaintia Hills District (HNPF) through Marshall Biam has demanded that the NH-44 road be deteriorated in many parts especially in Khliehriat village. They didn't paint this road and didn't maramot immediately without any delay.
Others who attended the meeting included the office bearers of the PDF Zonal Committee, Bah A Rynjah, President, Bah D Kurkalang, Secretary and others.
This was after the Raid Sohkhwai, led by Bah Phidis Syrling, who claimed to be the Lyngdoh of the Raid, They were accompanied by the Longsan Mansan, Doloi, Pator and Ministers of the Nongpoh Sirdarship Elaka, who went to the Sacred Forest of the Kur Syrling, to verify that those who can become Lyngdohs within the Raid are Only those from the Kur Syrling, who through that day, also issued statements that Bah Speshon Lyngdoh Sylliang, has not forcibly claimed to be the Lyngdoh Lyngdoh in the Raid. that he may not be ashamed.
The lucky draw tickets were released by Ma Brighstar at the office of the Dorbar Chnong in the presence of Acting Waheh Shnong Russel Nongrum, General Secretary ABM Shullai, Secretary Samuel Lyngdoh and Assistant Chnong. and S Bar.
However, Lumparing scored the first goal in the 25th minute through Ïaphishisha Marbaniang.
Shillong: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh on Tuesday vowed to take strong action against Bambegre MLA Saleng A Sangma if he continues to speak against the Legislative Assembly. Make Law.
Hundreds of parents of SIs and Dy.SPs from across the state including Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram, Tripura and Nagaland came to encourage their children in this event. The day the children received the honor of completing their studies as stipulated by the Government before they can serve the people as stipulated by the Government.
The Dulir-juban-tyrwa in each case includes consensus and/or promotes a new idea with the ideas prescribed as previously published.
“That is the decision of the party in Garo Hills but the party has not yet discussed this issue,” said one of the UDP leaders who did not want to be named.
He said it is also the duty of the police to ensure that peace and order will be maintained in the state.
The final match of the day will be between SS +2 Higher School, Simdega, Jharkhand against Air Force School, New Delhi at 3 pm.
In a statement sent by the General Secretary of MCTA, Dr. A. Rani, the MCTA said that the MCTA will continue to refuse to cooperate with NEHU regarding the illegal implementation of the NEP NEHU has revoked the Notification issued on 12th November 2023, issued through the OSD of the University.
Ummulong-Moodymmai MDC Jesse Suïam inaugurated the Larnai Proceeding Secondary School at Larnai on Thursday.
This prophecy will be fulfilled according to Daniel, which says – “And I will make a covenant with many for seven months; sacrifices and burnt offerings (Stop the sacrifices)" Daniel 9:2
“During the meeting, the Dy CM informed us that the MHA has returned the Bill and ordered the state government to review the rules related to the Bill,” he said. .
The protest was called by the two women's organizations CSWO and KWWADA. However, the DC allowed them and sent them to Madan Student.
Regarding the social agreement and the decision to settle the border, the KSU said that the KSU does not want to criticize anything but wants to send a clear message to the government that it should not ignore the people. do not sit down before reaching the final decision of this matter.
Moonknor Thadmuthlong is the fourth team to qualify for the semifinals of the Second Division Football category on the 23rd of November at 2:30PM. The tournament was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) after beating Lumpariat in the quarterfinals at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Saturday.
Both the two wickets for Kumari were caught out by Sara Daffica Kharbani and Sistilin Ryntathiang.
After the split of national parties like the Congress and others, it seems that the people wanted to raise the UDP back to power.
PGMSY road from Jatalong to Pamprah Speaking to Rupang, the village leaders of the area said that the reason why they have been silent about any acts of violence. They are afraid that they will be targeted not only by the Assam Police, but also by the Kaikhlaw groups.
The policeman sustained serious injuries and was taken to Down Town Hospital in Guwahati.
Hearing the PIL on this issue, the Division Bench said that it hopes that some of these thew places can be removed before the matter is heard again. The States should also indicate where these thew places have already been installed and where other places still need to be installed.
The important thing is that we cherish these special blessings of God.
Ajay, a man with a mental disability, went to the transformer, which was not covered, and immediately fell into the electricity pole and died on the spot.
He said that the Council had received information that the foreigners had not complied with the provisions of the United Khasi Jaintia Trading by Non-Tribal Regulation Act. It is true that foreigners are trying to set up jobs without permits as was found today during the inspection of the quarrying factories in Killing area of ​​Ri Bhoi.
At the same time, he urged the border residents “for the sake of the nation, there should be self-responsibility and unity to fight against this until victory”.
Two goals were scored by Shanborlang Lyngdoh.
“Earlier, when the party won most of the seats in Garo Hills, the AICC leaders believed in Mukul's claims and speeches but now after losing the GHADC and mid-term elections in Nongstoin, their opinion The AICC leadership has changed,” he said.
At the same time, he said that there is no longer any agreement or cooperation between the UDP and the NPP in the upcoming MP elections and they will go their own way.
H. Pala of Congress, Shitlang Pale of UDP, Krison Langstang of BJP and Santa Mary Shylla of NPP. Up to 35 candidates from 5 constituencies in Ri Bhoi district today in the scrutiny by the returning officers have qualified and have been given the opportunity to become candidates for the election. Who will win the first position in the 2023 elections and who else will come in the first position to become the leader remains only in the decision of the people from the five constituencies in Ri Bhoi.
Charles Darwin (1809-1882) : In the last days of his illness he sent visitors to sing that song –79 'There is a quiet mountain in the country far away Standing alone outside the city sin to redeem And to save the sinner like me479 Who has a nature,And whose heart is evil, O God! Josh 24:15 And if it seem evil unto you to serve the LORD, choose you this day whom ye will serve; ye have served the gods of the Amorites, which are on the other side of the river, in whose land ye dwell: but as for me and my house, we will serve the LORD. the Bible.
Fire Brigade and Ummulong Police Station also arrived at the scene, but the fire had already destroyed the house and all the belongings.
"The residents should not take this as a lockdown; but should take it as a sign of dissemination of information and prevention of the spread of coronavirus in the state," he said.
The Residents Welfare Association of Delhi in the Rajouri Garden area on Tuesday staged a protest against the increasing number of incidents of rape in the city and across the country. .
Forwards: Gurleen Kaur, Gurnaz Kaur, Neha Saji, Pearl Fernandes.
The union also discussed the spread of drugs and marijuana in the state, which cannot be controlled even young children have become addicted to these beverages. On the other hand, the union demanded that the police department should raid all the drug shops.
Immediately after the departure of the British Government, he declared the Hima Nongstoin as an independent country and began to draft a new Constitution as an independent country.
The festival was witnessed by B Niang, Block Development Officer, Laskein C&RD Block in the presence of the Dolloi of Jowai District Puramon Kynjing, Dolloi Raliang, Village Leaders of Raliang District and others.
The increase in drug users has increased in Byrnihat, Nongpoh, Umsning and other villages and has started to spread even to the rural areas which has caused fear to the community especially the Women and children and as the public especially the village authorities, the youth should be vigilant and need to be vigilant in the villages and townships against the increasing number of drug users who steal without being found just to get the items. They sell them for money and also from the police department to take action to curb theft and crime especially drug trafficking because this bih has put the youth at risk in this age. .
“Do you want to take away their right not to go to school anymore?
In the 65 kg category, Imonmi Suchiang (Synod College) won first place, Reilly M Kharsyntiew (Shillong College) won second place and Damewanri Kharjana (Synod College) won third place.
In the United States, 1,000 people have died from the virus and it has been going on for three days.
The Committee may also add any member to participate in the meetings of the Committee if it deems necessary.
We should not change this because it will be a threat to the entire Khasi people.
Many of the households in Jowai have erected the tricolor flag of the country in public places and some have erected it on the roof of the house which has been decorated even more while the tricolor flag of the country is still flying. .
Regarding other issues, Bah KP Pangñiang, President of the HSPDP, who attended the protest, said that the meeting agreed that all the The groups that are members of the NFNS, shall inform each other when they have any issues that need to be conveyed to the Central Government through the Prime Minister, so that they can resolve them through meetings. He said the meeting unanimously decided to hold another meeting under the banner of the NFNS in Tripura. on November 9, 2023.
“Sometimes you want to win, this Prah can't just go and fight, he will fight only in the place where he should fight and not just fight against the prah, this is the power of change. “The people want and if you want a bright future for your children, it will be through the VPP,” he said.
He also scored two goals in the Intercontinental Cup qualifiers that ended in July.
Understand Dkhar SDB and Dn.
Farmers who grow tit cannot fill the market as there are still few farmers in this field.
Therefore, whether it is true or not as reported in the newspaper, the office should clarify, and the union will continue to monitor and find out all the facts from the Chief Engineer. something behind it if it's true.
KHNAM Mawlai Circle Chief Organizer Bah BL Nongbri has donated road cleaning stones to Mawlai Umshing Village on Thursday last month in the presence of KHNAM Mawlai Circle. together with the Rangbah Shnong, Secretary Village, Rangbah Village and residents.
During the meeting, the officials of the department promised before the leaders of MCAUPS to provide electricity to more than 50 villages as usual in the past within a day.
“We have talked to the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and he has agreed that we can resolve the issue of the cow market through peace.
Nongpoh, Lber 01: The District Legal Services Authority (DLSA) of Ri-Bhoi District on Friday conducted a training program for the public on the importance of education. and the opening of part-time schooling for children in Umkei, Ri-Bhoi District.
A request was sent to the public to take advantage of this opportunity not only to visit the herbal medicines but also to cooperate with the Khasi Pnar herbalists in relation to the diseases. their.
In the Wushu event which ended today, the state won three medals.
This was announced by Josphas Jarain, Secretary of the Parish Pastoral Council of Kynshi.
One of them is from Ri Bhoi District, five BSF personnel and one from Guwahati.
According to the residents, for many decades the residents of this area have been facing problems due to the lack of road and the road is very narrow and during the rainy season even to walk. also afraid of getting hurt.
He also alleged that the government has directed its MLAs to take part in the motion for only one constituency, which took more time until the time to temporarily suspend the Legislative Assembly.
“For that reason, I will meet with the Ksiang of the Government in the next few days whenever he takes the time to meet to start the talks”.
Consider and see, where does the glory of the nation dwell?  Does it depend on wealth, or worldly happiness or on the morality and rights of the nation in society along with the knowledge of man and knowledge of God?
Sanbor Shullai, who resigned from the post of Deputy Speaker, has been appointed as the Chairman of the Meghalaya Government Construction Company (MGCC).
Shillong, July 23 : The body of the deceased was taken to NEIGRIHMS for post mortem and the body is now in the morgue of NEIGRIHMS. Shillong, July 23 : Tang In 2021, there were 4189 cases of Tuberculosis (TB) in the state and this year alone, there were 1075 cases, said the State TB Officer, Dr.M Mawrie. this Friday.
When we have enough knowledge, even if we decide to become farmers, we will become farmers who understand the new farming methods and who can improve the quality of our fields because we do it with understanding and knowledge. modern agricultural methods and those based on the findings of modern scientists.
In the U-16 category, the Bairung will receive T.300 and the prize money will be T.10,000 and a trophy.
Daliwell Mawsor, one of the youths of the village, said that the village has about 160 households and all those who need medicines have to go to Umdang. at a distance of about 10 km.
We would like to thank the covid19 soldiers especially the nurses, doctors, village headmen, officers, district and all those who have volunteered for the protection of our people and the government should have taken special care of the Our part in the fight against covid19 has been going on for more than five months.
In this regard, Bah Lyngdoh requested the state government to allocate a vehicle for this officer, so that he can drive to the villages where he needs to go. He is working and on his part as one of the Village Authorities, he urged the State Government to expedite this work, so that he can improve the development works in the villages of Jirang Block.
He said that if the Government does not accept their request, they will take other steps to move forward until they get full employment.
On this occasion, the prizes were awarded to the winners, where the winners of the first place received 5,000 tyngka, 3,000 tyngka to the second runners and 2,000 tyngka to the second runners. wan not three.
The Jirang MLA, Bah Najim Kharmalki, Sordar Shnong Patharkhmah and President of the Western Ri Bhoi Dorbar, said that the Jirang MLA The Jirang MLA, has gone to collect the documents from the Hima under the Jirang Constituency and after that it is not known where he has left these documents, which he has taken from the Hima.
However, there are other beneficiaries who claim that if the forests are cut down, after 10 or 10 years, the forests will be destroyed.
His arrest came a day after a video of the incident spread on social media.
Dr Mukul said that although the police have worked hard, there is still a violation of the NGT Act because there are too few security personnel. bor guard.
After completion of the training, these volunteers will receive life jackets, torches, gloves, dates, medical supplies, police, water bottles, musari, T shirts with NDMA stamps, helmets and others.
Every Christian knows that God created him to love and serve Him (God), but many who spend their lives only in pleasures, do not have time for the soul. think about it.
All the MLAs, MDCs and party office bearers were interviewed at the Congress office but only Bah Pynshngain was held separately at the Pinewood Hotel.
When asked whether there is any program for the Lok Sabha MP of Shillong Constituency Vincent Pala or the Rajya Sabha MP Wansuk Syiem, he said, “There is no program for them, we are not sure. “I don't know if they will come,” said one of the Congress leaders.
The event was attended by the Minister of Education, Rakkham A Sangma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah HM Shangpliang, Secretary to the Ministry of Education, Bah Wailad Shylla MLA Jowai Constituency and Kong Santa. Mary Shylla MLA from Sutnga constituency and more than 1,000 students from various schools.
Disparsing said that according to an RTI investigation by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, it is clear that there has been misuse of funds spent by the state in the last two years. The outbreak of Covid-1
Besides the complaint to the DC, the union strongly warns the management of the resort not to dump garbage into the river, as it has affected the people of the resort. “It also affects the environment,” said Bah Wanpher S.Wahlang.
Meanwhile, the members from 1-Nartiang and 2-Jowai will be appointed at another meeting.
Shillong, March 06 : The Tura Golfers Association (TU) today announced that one of its members, u Johnwell G Momin has been selected to represent Meghalaya at the 2023 National Games to be held in Goa in November
“In the MDA government, if there is any problem, in the end we make sure that it can be resolved even if it is not only in the department I am in charge of, but also in other departments. my responsibility"he added.
He believes in the Gospel of Christ and the Constitution.
The Seng said that the Dulir was signed by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya Conrad Sangma and the Chief Minister of Assam Himata Biswa Sarma in the presence of the Minister of Home Affairs. Amit Shah,” said Bah Lamphrang Kharbani while talking to reporters.
I am currently studying BA (Hons) 2nd Semester at St Mary's College Shillong.
Eat foods high in fiber : Eating foods high in fiber in the morning helps lower cholesterol in the body and this helps in the proper functioning of the blood vessels and reduces the risk of stroke.
The closing date for receipt of application forms is 25th July.
The State Government has requested the Central Government to provide T.5 crore for the provision of assistance to the Mizoram Government. Manipur residents who have come to hide and settle within the state border following the violent clashes and bloodshed in Manipur since 3rd June,
Therefore, all the political parties are looking forward to how they can take part in this MP election by nominating their own candidates.
Therefore, the youth from all over the Bri Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum should understand clearly in this regard.
Therefore, we too in this regard, we want the development of the people,” he said.
Father Stan did not live and suffer just to rest in the city beyond this world.
The decline of the UDP in 2018 may mean that the people no longer trust the party which used to talk about the issues of the nation on the election campaign platforms but which is quick to support them. by becoming Team-B of any political party when they join the coalition government.
In conclusion, the scholar said that the Khasi people have been slaves to the foreigners from overseas, but they are still slaves in their own country even though the foreigners have left.
He said that the government with the assistance of the Prime Minister will allocate about Rs 20 crore for the improvement of the roads in the village and especially the roads and footpaths. part of the Myntdu River.
When the two beasts worked together, the use of the seal with a mark on their foreheads or right hands came into effect.
Hearing the PIL of Greneth Sangma, the bench of Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice W. Diengdoh today said it is the duty of the Assembly and the government to discuss and discuss the roster system and jobs. no time limit has been set for its implementation.
She said that the personal interview for this post was held on 25th June this year.
He said that Tura is currently facing a serious problem in terms of drinking water.
The tournament was led by Bah Dondor Marweiñ as Coach and Bah Despitol Sun as Manager.
Additional Superintendent of Police, Cresency W Lyngdoh was the chief guest in the presence of DSO Khroobok Passah, WJDSA Working President EMH Passah, principals, teachers from various schools, teachers. The village has raised the flag as a sign of the beginning of the lympung.
In the Word of God there is eternal life, God has called us to be preachers since we were baptized but especially for priests and religious.
Many government officials and MLAs were present to welcome him at the airport in the city.
The Trinamool Congress (TMC) is a group of 12 MLAs led by former Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma, who is considered the second greatest leader in Garo Hills after u (L) PA Branch.
The school managing committee of Rynkuskong Sarva Education Abhiyan (SSA) Lower Primary School (SSA) has filed a complaint with the Sordar of Rynkuskong Village against the two teachers David R Marak and Saul Chism Sangma. They were arrested for speaking against the MC of the school.
Speaking at the meeting, the MLA congratulated the school for its progress and said that he is pleased to know that there are more than 200 students studying at this school.
“About 60% of the number of people living with HIV in the State are in these two districts,” she said, adding that other districts with the highest incidence include East Khasi Hills. Hills followed by Ri-Bhoi, West Khasi Hills and so on.
Custom: In the Khasi custom, when the mother is very sick, it is the last daughter who feeds and drinks the mother.
We need each other in trade, commerce and trade.
Hughes scored 63 runs in the first half, but when Abott came to bat, Hughes wore a helmet but the ball went out of bounds. the parts where the helmet does not cover your head.
He also urged the drivers and operators of tourist taxis, maxi cabs, pickups, trucks, buses, auto rickshaws and others to take part in this event. He also urged the people to join hands with the party and the suffering of all will bring victory.
The DCA has considered the request of these councils and finally the Cabinet this evening has agreed to extend the term of the councils for another six months.
The corona awareness campaign is: Through announcements around the villages about corona.
However, until now, it has not been possible to verify whether these cases are related or not. Even the police who have arrested the accused have not been able to verify them. Social thoughts and beliefs that have been inherited in our minds through stories that have been inherited from the earliest age Likewise, we don't sow strange plants that we have never eaten before, we avoid such things and sow only those that we know.
The inheritance of Israel will not pass away from the earth because God has said, "It shall not pass away until all these things be fulfilled.
The competition, sponsored by the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society Shillong, was attended by many traditional music groups from the villages of West Jaintia Hills District.
The competition was held at Chutwakhu Club, a 100-year-old socio-cultural and sports club in Jowai.
We want to ask for clarification from HANM when the village has sold the land because until now there has been no such case where we have sold the land to the airport,” said the Sordar.
It is to be recalled that on the 21st June 2022, this child was electrocuted and she sustained serious injuries including both her hands.
In the past, insurgent activities in Khasi Jaintia Hills were through the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) while in Garo Hills, the groups included the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA), the Achik National Volunteers Council (ANVC). -B), Liberation of A’chik Elite Force (LAEF), United A’chik Liberation Army (UALA), A’chik Songna An’pachakgipa Kotok (ASAK), Matchadu Matchabet, United People’s Revolutionary Alliance (UPRA), A’ other Tiger Force (ATF), Army Revolutionary Front (ARF), Army National Liberation Army (ANLA), Army National Cooperative Army (ANCA), Army National Central Liberation Army (ANLCA), Army Matgrik Tiger Force (AMTF) and so on.
Because wisdom and understanding do not come from man but from the power of God.
It is worth mentioning that the oldest market in the state, which has been in existence for about 400 years, is in fact the religious market of the Khasi people since ancient times.
On 26th June, 2001, the mother of the child lodged a complaint with the Officer In-Charge of Jowai Police. against Dri Phawa, resident of Myrjai, for allegedly raping her daughter on 23rd June,
Sailung Ialong will play against Iongpiah and PSA will play against Demthring at 11.30 pm.
Tourists should not spread or act improperly in the area but should respect the environment and maintain human dignity in order to preserve the sanctity of the environment in the area. The Secretary, Wahkhen, said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
There are many reasons why young people become addicted to drugs, one of the main reasons is the family breakdown.
The HNLC also proposes to the workers of this factory that if they want to fight in the struggle, we will pay them a monthly salary of T.25,0
Finally, before concluding this news, we hope that through the cooperation of the neighboring villages of Jatah Nonglyer, Mawsir, Mawdulop and Ksanrngi, and through the support of the relevant authorities, this tourist spot will once again become a day will appear and become famous like other beautiful tourist attractions.
He said that the citizens can also complain if there is any malfunction of government buildings or rural roads or highways which are covered with snow just by recording video of these snow and sending it to the police. number.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the government will have to study and go through the provisions of the Right to Education (RTE) Act before closing down Lower and Upper Primary Schools which have few students. .
At the same time, he recalled that the people of the state had opposed the Coal Mines Nationalization Act 1973 which spoke of the government's acquisition of land belonging to the private sector.
Concluding his speech, Rahul Gandhi said he wants to have a close relationship with the people of Meghalaya, and said that he is ready to become a soldier of Meghalaya. for Meghalaya in Delhi, to talk about the problems of the people of Meghalaya, because I know that there are many farmers, workers and also unemployed youth, who are facing problems in Meghalaya.
• There are problems when we elect leaders who are less educated, often they don't open their mouths in the House to discuss the issues faced by the people or the nation, these are often even if they are not educated. They have to say yes once they don't have the knowledge themselves and most of the time they are quick to succumb to the advice of those fellow leaders who are more intelligent because everything that others explain is true that they themselves don't know anything. don't have a foundation.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma together with the Ministers of the Meghalaya Government this evening met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy to convey to him the demands of Meghalaya.
The newspaper said that the name of Bah Lapang as the candidate was made by voting among the members in which many of them voted for Bah Lapang.
Shillong: U Thanbi Suchiang of Mooshrot village under Raliang Out Post, West Jaintia Hills has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 5th of this month at 5 pm, his son, who was identified as Jingstadmi Dkhar (10 years old) was playing near his house and while playing he stuck his head inside a plastic bag and could not breathe and his son died.
Monica Singh was named Player of the Match for 50 runs.
In fact, the state government belongs to the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people.
In addition to proper speech, proper action methods are also needed.
It is also necessary to say that the journey to Pyneh-Rngiew-Lum Sohpetbneng has surprised us each and every one of us, to stand firmly with Nguh-lait Nguh-let, to cleanse our families. the crown of thorns, which God has placed on you alone, that the Spirit of the nation may rise.
Jesus speaks a parable about the land of Israel: Israel is like that fig tree whose branches and leaves can be seen by the whole world.
Paul Lyngdoh said that 31 new trades have been identified which are not included in the Second Sedual Rule 1959 and this has been implemented since this month. 1st of June2
Although Sun is in bed, when asked whether he has any songs that he would like to release, he said, “There are some songs that I have written. don't be in my head.
The meeting was attended by senior officers from various departments including Health, PWD, PHE, SRDF, Civil Defence, IMD, Education and Deputy Commissioners in charge of relief works. in your own district.
The raid was conducted under the supervision of the SP of Imphal East District – Kshetrimayum Shivakanta.
The Government of India and the New Development Bank on 10th November signed a social agreement for the provision of funds to Meghalaya to promote tourism related activities.
A senior teacher at NEHU, said that the preparation of the NTA has not been as planned, and perhaps because it is the first time for NEHU to conduct this examination, there has been a shortage. .
The Central Government is ready to set up an independent inquiry into the incident and it is understood that it will soon issue an order to investigate whether it is true or not. respect to the former Lat.
The day was also enriched by a song by the students and a short story on the 25th anniversary of the Morning School.
Other states have received only 500 such as Assam and UP which are also high and it shows that Meghalaya has received more than 500 because it has done well.
Conrad said the Government intends to include all the District Head Quarters under the Smart Town Project and this will be done in stages although there is no plan for this.
Speaking on the topic of the meeting, Bah Metbah said, “On behalf of the government under the leadership of the Chief Minister, Conard K Sangma, I am pleased to say that after considering the The Government has done its best and has taken the initiative to ensure that the National Rural Livelihood Mission should be implemented immediately. wut in your state"
They also prayed for all the people living in this world to be saved from the threat of this disease.
Besides that many sports organizations do not have office bearers or managers who are not sportsmen or know about sports, this Committee of the Government will create more problems and promote sports. , instead of removing them.
Seinjait Tuber won the men's title after winning 22 medals including 10 gold, 9 silver and 3 bronze.
Post Name:- Inspector of StatisticsNo of posts:- 1Department:- Directorate of A.H & Veterinary, Meghalaya, ShillongPay Scale:- Level 12th of the Revised Pay Structure.
The KSU said that if the health department cannot provide for the needs of the hospital, it will close down immediately.
A Maruti Alto collided with a truck at Soomer, Mihmyntdu, Jowai at 3:40-4 pm this morning.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Mayralborn Syiem, said that the reason why he and government officials visited these projects is as part of the urge to the government to The delay in the implementation of these projects has been a loss to the people, because if it can be completed soon, it will be a great blessing to the people not only in Nongpoh, but also in Nongpoh. in the District as a whole.
Through this statement, the Circle urges the various departments under the jurisdiction of the KSU Mawlai Circle to take action to inform the Circle leaders if anyone has received these items. that rank is not mentioned here.
Two other sisters of Katdilia, Mariaba and Amstrong are still undergoing treatment at NEIGRIHMS. Dimah Gashnga, a 7-year-old child, is the son of Morinson Dhar at Woodlang Hospital, Shillong.
The whole reason is from the rympei and not from the other two.
“In November, 2018, the Assam Government erected a signboard reading 'Welcome to Karbi Anglong District' at Sabuda village which was damaged by the Khasi Students Union.
It is to be recalled that the East Jaintia Hills Police Department in the last four months has arrested 24 foreigners who entered the country without proper documents.
“The four injured persons have been shifted to the hospital.
However, if this is implemented until the money or wages reach the rightful owners, poverty cannot be controlled or eradicated.
How do you go ? How can we become a corrupt country?
The union found that more than 12 foreign workers from Assam did not have labor license or work permit.
Other speakers at the meeting were the Writer, who gave the reasons and purposes that led him to reveal and destroy the great works of God that are still happening.
Shillong, Naitung 01: Three drug traffickers including Ronand Kyndiah of Sngi Thiang Lower Mawprem, Daniel Syiem of Lower Mawprem and another Manipuri identified as Thokchom have been arrested. Naba Singh of Kangmong village, Imphal West, Manipur has been arrested by the Ribhoi District Police for involvement in drug trafficking.
All the speakers including the leaders of various political parties to the leaders of KSKBUH strongly criticized the MDA government for hiding the names of those involved in the shooting death of former General Secretary of the HNLC (L) Cherishterfield Thangkhiew.
“The office bearers of this newly formed group include Vice Chairman Dr WA Lyngwa, General Secretary Dr Joseph Syiemlieh, Social Secretary Ronnie M Rani, Organizing Secretary Franky Lyngdoh Nongbri and Finance Secretary Dr Joseph Syiemlieh. Krispin Ryntong and Publicity Secretary Bah Tammki Mawthoh.
Shillong, Nailar 27: In all 20 constituencies, the tickets of the candidates who want to contest the MDC election 2014 from the Congress party have been lost.
Shillong: The FKJGP War Jaintia Circle led by its General Secretary Reachingson Kongwang and President Shlur Mukhim has met face to face with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek. In the presence of MLA, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, to convey the demand of the party since 2012 to upgrade the Padu State Dispensary to a Primary Health Centre.
Sadon said that in Para 2(6) of the 6th Schedule it is stated that the District Councils and Regional Councils should have an understanding with the existing Tribal Councils for the establishment of Tribal Councils. laws relating to membership and elections.
You will wonder why! The reason is that the father is a Lyngdoh, the mother is a Lyngdoh and the children are Lyngdohs.
Who sent them, why did you blame the party,” said Bah Hek.
The Dorbar Shnong has invited all the villagers and children of Umsyiem who live outside the village to attend the meeting.
You don't have to worry about not being allowed, especially your fellow citizens.
We witness the struggle and struggle of our youth to protect the nation and state from being overwhelmed by other high paid nations from other places.
“We suspect that the cow was brought from other places, but when it died, people went to throw it into the river, but we are sad that we don't know whether it was brought from other places. “It's a good idea to have a cow that dies from any disease, but if it dies from any disease, it will be dangerous because below where the cow died, there is a well to distribute to the villages of Nongpoh area,” he said. On the other hand, the leaders of the RBYF and FKJGP Nongthymmai Unit, have warned anyone, that they should not commit such an act of hostility and if they find it, they will not hesitate to punish them. take tougher measures, they added.
Why? Selected teachers don't want to go to Bed to get recognized (government pay increase).
Besides, there will also be a distribution of shares to the Kur men and women who work in agriculture as for example in the case of BUSLA. They shall also at the same time be the protectors from the border invaders and smugglers of the Kur lands as planned by the former Rangbah Kur.
When a mistake was made, the driver had to stop and help the man who had fallen to the ground and immediately take him to a hospital.
This incident has shocked many children and women.
It is said that at that time, the Labang Nangphyllut did not have a full religion and customs, so the purpose of the Ksoo Lyngdoh in holding this shad was to establish a religion and customs. the Custom of the Labang.
He said the PDF was the last to join hands to form the MDA-II Government and it is not that they want to take power.
“Yes, it is true that my friends and the people from time to time have urged me to contest the MP election. to be a candidate in the Lok Sabha elections,” he said.
For 1345 children, one booklet, drinking water bottles, pencil boxes, geometrical boxes and shatri were distributed. bench & desk, sports equipment including cricket set, balls for football and volleyball, discus throw, shot put, chess.
Wankit M Thongni, Vice President of the union, said that for 40 years, no one has repaired the road, which has been filled with earth from Tlongpleng to Balat. , where Christian churches have to repair the road when there are larger gatherings.
Truck drivers from Assam have allegedly been robbed by robbers in Meghalaya after an incident in Mukroh village which killed seven people, including four from Meghalaya. .
Nestle India has denied the allegation and said that after a thorough investigation, it has found that the food is not produced by the company.
We hope that scientific coal mining will start in the State soon,” he said.
The President of the KSU said that the Government should invite the journalists to witness and show publicly when the Police Department burns the seized drugs. this is your claim.
they have completely forgotten that 'country' and 'nation' for the sake of lust for power.
China has welcomed two Russian warships which have passed through parts of the Taiwan and Japan Seas recently, and this time China is expected to launch The Russian and Chinese navies have been deployed to strengthen relations between the two countries.
The budget is also short by ` 2,029 crore due to the difference between revenue of T.23,545 crore and expenditure of T.25,574 crore.
These patients were treated in a quiet place where there was no public transportation, as it was believed that if they were treated without public transportation, the disease could spread to others.
From Lum Shyllong came the Khyndai Umdih and Khyndai Umtong who used the power of nature to feed and protect the creatures that fly, fly and walk.
Shillong: Doctors from Assam, have visited Kongthong village, where they have provided free medical treatment in the village, which is located in the Khadarshnong area.
Shillong, July 25: Visitors to the Don Bosco Museum, Mawlai on Tuesday 25th June, were delighted to meet the former President of India, Dr.APJ Abdul. Kalam while visiting the Museum on the same day.
However, they cannot speak on any village affairs.
Speaking on the occasion, HSPDP President Bah KP Pangiang said that although the HSPDP has gone through 50 years in the midst of many challenges, it has not given up on its issues.
The Plastic Waste Management Amendment Rules, 2021, also prohibits the manufacture, purchase, storage, distribution, sale and use of plastic bags with a thickness of less than 95 microns from 30th November, and having a roughness of less than one hundred and twenty microns as of November 31, 2022.
Most of the cases are from Amingaon area of ​​the district.
Speaking to this reporter, they said that the government has not taken action against the farmers because most of their applications to the BDO office have not been received. the damage is very severe.
“We have met the Prime Minister to express our dissatisfaction with the delay of the Indian government,” he said.
Recently, the All-India tournament was also held at Anantapur Sports Academy organized by the RDT to promote the spirit of competition among girls.
Shillong: The Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod (KSYP) today inaugurated the Good News Studio, which is a studio where church groups can use it as part of the dissemination and distribution of news. the Word of God through the voice of song.
They don't care if they have to leave early in the morning, just like they don't care if they come home late after the date has changed.
“The BJP's attitude is to blame other parties and only the BJP is right.
I don't know if there are any,” said Bah Tynsong.
However, the Karbi lodged an FIR against the people of Mowjem at Jrikyndeng Police Station on 15/4/2023 and sent them to Mookoilum Police Outpost on 17/4/2
On the part of Bah P.Wahlang, Branch Manager of MRB Shangpung Rural Bank, he explained about the loans especially the KCC or farmer loan which the people can get from the banks.
The UDP won only 8 MLAs from 11 and the Congress increased from 22 to 29 MLAs, while the NPP, which had 14 MLAs, fell to 11 MLAs. 2 MLAs, and the HSPDP which has two MLAs has increased to
They said that there were also incidents in other parts of West Khasi Hills like Riangdo and elsewhere.
“They treat us like thieves,” said Kong Marbaniang, adding, “We are not drug dealers.
The state of peace and order in Garo Hills has shown that there is no longer peace and danger even for the policemen after the shooting death of this policeman.
When asked, Mondal said, “We are still considering all the reports received because it will depend on how we can implement the PHPs as this requires a lot of money and we are looking for opportunities now.
“If Bah Hamlet is a leader who doesn't care about the welfare of the people, why should he leave the party he has been with for so long? The answer is all we can understand.
When the Supreme Court ordered, all the states except Tamil Nadu were pleased.
Speaking to media, Ma Stephanson alleged that Ma Rymbui's journey is very biased because once he wins he promises an MLA scheme of T.7500 only for his supporters. Right).
The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, in a statement sent to the media, said that the purpose of the raid is to take measures to maintain peace and order.
The fear is that if we elect the wrong leaders in this election (2023), the end will come.
Nongpoh, Nailar 17: It is a great blessing for the farmers of Bhoirymbong area today to open a small factory to produce and market the produce of the farmers through Eastern Ri-Bhoi. Organic Farmer Producer Company LTD is located in Khapmara Bhoirymbong.
The order said that for the first time, Justice BP Katakey has submitted the seventh interim report which shows that the State has finally taken adequate and effective measures which can help to complete the sale. coal before the end of
Shillong: The Hima Mylliem today announced that there will be no more kilo cutting of agricultural products brought to the market by farmers and has warned those who violate this law.
The only thing is that all the MLAs including the Ministers of the Government have to prepare their papers before coming to the House.
When I think and ask about Good Friday it is really difficult to think and find out its origin but in a small effort I have tried to find some as much as I can, and I I remember since I was 10 years old when I was in junior school, my class teachers taught us that Good Friday is the greatest day for Christians in the world. great for all believers in the world, but these knowledge that it is a great day for believers does not satisfy my soul at all and I have tried to find out more and to bring and to you who are reading this message.
Not only is it a road used by thousands of passenger vehicles and commercial vehicles, but hundreds of trucks carrying stone run every minute to smuggle it to Bangladesh.
She said that as the union has been demanding from the government to build the road since 2014, after receiving complaints from the people regarding the lack of road, the union has refused. Even after the government has provided the land for the construction of the road by talking to the people and the village authorities, the government has finally given the reason that it does not have the funds.
The SNSBH also expresses its dissatisfaction with the support of Meghalaya MP Agatha Sangma for the CAB in the Lok Sabha which is against the resolution sent to the Union Home Minister and signed by the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya. The MDA government was also one of the groups.
Jowai, Naitung 3: Hundreds of students of HK Singh Memorial Secondary School, Jowai in collaboration with the Jowai Traffic Branch Police have come out to clean up Iawmusiang in various parts from the school grounds to the police station. , Newhill, Wah-Nangbah Road and Thomas Jones Road.
This shows the NPP's leadership in the MDA 2.0 coalition government after its victory in the elections.
She said that as she wants to get a clean and transparent governance, she should start from herself by rejecting any gifts that the candidates give before the elections.
They should be Khasi elders if they can be called like Bah Toki Blah, Bah P. Barcos O. Warjri, Bah River O. Wahlang and others because they are respectable, calm, intelligent, and those of great reputation and dignity in society and especially those who have not yet been involved in any field.
John Adams, the second President of the United States, said that when there are no elections, slavery begins.
Deshdoomreah, 10.
It was at this point that Khongjoh unexpectedly passed the ball to Badon Kupar and he also scored the ball into the net.
Regarding the illegal smuggling of coal, one of the plaintiffs said that the state government has done nothing against the kingpins involved in this illegal smuggling.
Fulham will be a huge loss for the EPL in the upcoming matches as one of their best strikers Aleksandar Mitrovic has been suspended. plays up to the next five games.
“I immediately informed the Chief Minister of Assam after receiving information from the Bishop about this incident.
Many of God's worshipers today are like the Pharisee who went to church with pride and contempt for others whom God does not like to see and look at.
Distributors, Wholesalers who have been allowed to supply goods to grocery stores and other shops to cooperate with retailers to supply goods to grocery stores and retailers from Tuesday, Thursday , and Thohdieng West Jaintia Hills District.
“I don't escape from the shahtim every day,” said Rangsan.
However, let us think carefully what will happen to our nation with a population of only 20,00,000 (Arphew lakh) if this Coronavirus spreads to this beautiful State.
After the Hills Farmer's Union (HFU) started the farming industry for several months, they have faced problems due to the power outage and the high electricity bill.
These words mentioned above contain words that do not have the same meaning, which may not be the same as one word in a sentence, but there are also words that have no relationship at all. and they have their own thoughts, or they have no thoughts of their own.
On the other hand, the union leaders said that the deterioration of this road has caused problems to the drivers who have to pass through this road and just because of the poor condition of the bye pass, the vehicles They had to pass through the road from Jowai and this caused heavy traffic jam in Jowai.
“When the elections are over, we expect to visit Khanduli-Psiar and Block I at the site to be arranged but we have not yet arranged the site,” he said.
The Congress party has called on the opposition and various political parties to join in the curfew.
In the B.Com Pass, 496 students sat for the examination and only 204 students passed and the percentage of those who passed was 41.13%.
The division of these sections is so that children can play according to their age.
The Director said that the reason for the death of these piglets is because they have been brought from West Bengal. sickness.
On the other hand, the police of Ri Bhoi District have stepped up the search operations on vehicles coming from Assam to check the illegal immigrants.
Is not the husbandman the servant of the husbandman? Then shall we be free; or are you a slave? This is the fate of our people, from the British rule to the Indian rule! Then, these days, various companies have emerged and the most prominent are the kynshew companies. money, foreign dew companies and mobile phone companies.
Companies and call centers should be closed, but mobile recharge outlets should reopen, but they should observe social distancing like other grocery stores.
Bah Risingbor has participated in various programs and workshops including the workshop on traditional music / making traditional musical instruments organized by the Government of Meghalaya.
He said this happened in Manipur in June after the Meitei community, which has 53% of the population, demanded the status of Schedule Tribe. However, the High Court of Meghalaya has not even decided on the Roster System.
Fire brigade vehicles rushed to the scene and managed to reduce the damage to the vehicle.
I understand why these are pressuring the government when they are company employees.
Speaking to BBC Bangla in Shillong, Jony admitted that Salahuddin had complained to him that the treatment at the Civil Hospital, Shillong was not adequate. .
Tripura BJP State President Rajib Bhattacharjee today announced that BJP National President JP Nadda will address a public meeting scheduled to be held at Santirbazar. Tripura on the 17th of this month.
Defending Agatha K. Sangma, the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, said that the Central Government has suspended the MP scheme after India was hit hard by the Covid-19 pandemic.
The game was tied until a few minutes before halftime.
Shillong, July 17: The Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) this evening detonated a heavy bomb at a police convoy led by SR Marak, Officer-General. in-Charge of Dalu Police Station.
They include Kisan Bareh and Ebiang Langstang.
Earlier, the CM also launched a book titled “Indigenous 2023” at a meeting attended by leaders from the Northeast.
To fight for the dignity, dignity and rights of employees including day labourers, domestic workers, market workers, by recognizing and appreciating their work, services and contributions.
However, in response to this, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma said that the government is still considering the appointment system to come up with a better policy.
The Budget Session of Meghalaya is scheduled to be held from 13th to 23rd October
India is one of the few countries that has suffered from bloodthirsty violence for many years.
The number of cases in East Khasi Hills has risen to 828 with 392 cases.
In reply, West Jaintia Hills suffered the same fate by losing three wickets for only 30 runs before Chwamiki Ryngkhlem (18) and Namewanki (19) managed to increase their lead to 47 runs. the group was strengthened.
It is learned that Tyngkan was married in Wapungskur village and went to Mookhep to drink kyiad with his friends.
The Government and the party did not inform him before they dismissed him from the post of Bah AL Hek. you're Minister.
Mawpud Village Minister MacDonald Thongni said that the heavy rainfall on the 16th of this month has caused a landslide in parts of the PMGSY road at Lad Dom Mawlein which is about 5-6 km away. It connects Mawpud village but until now the residents of this village have not been able to use the road because until now the authorities in charge of this road have not been able to remove the stones and soil that block this road.
"The discovery of water shows a sign that there may be life elsewhere besides Earth," said Angelos Tsiaras, an author and researcher at University College London. Center for Space Exochemistry Data.
Dr Kharshiing said the Rangbah Shnongs have read the Ordinance carefully and found that it does not comply with the customs and traditions and for that reason, they cannot accept it.
When asked about the recent meeting with the Minister of Home Affairs, the Governor said, “The Minister of Home Affairs is a very intelligent person, and he told me that he will I have discussed the MRSSAB with the Prime Minister and I have told the Prime Minister that he should go and request from him”.
In the minds of those true worshippers they do not look for the good in the world, and they are happy only when they have fulfilled their duty in society before the man of God.
He also praised the hard work of the teachers, acknowledging that despite the low salary, the teachers have continued to provide services to improve the minds of the students.
Mukhla Evergreen will play against Sabahmuswang at 12 noon tomorrow.
Jowai, November 13: The Executive Committee of the National People's Party (NPP) West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai has held a meeting among its members on Tuesday at 11:00 am at the office. Led by Octomehiwot Lamin (Nominated MDC) who is also the District President of NPP-WJH, the members had the opportunity to discuss many agenda items, including the preparation of the for the Lok Sabha MP election to be held next year.
Lawbah, July 16: The Chief Minister of Mawsynram Constituency in collaboration with the 67th Battalion CRPF Shillong, Shillong on Tuesday held a training for the youth on how to enter the CRPF. The meeting was held at the Multi Facilities Center Lawbah, East. The meeting was held at the Multi Facilities Center Lawbah, East. Khasi Hills District.
Shillong: The heavy rainfall in the state which has continued for a day, has caused a lot of damage in the state, including the loss of precious lives of five people.
Even after the completion of the cleaning, these six children have not recovered from their illness.
As Meghalaya is a state that relies heavily on imported jhur, the price increase is inevitable and has to be shared with other parts of India.
The BJP's vote in the MP elections has stirred up other political parties especially in Shillong for the 2014 MLA elections.
“We demand that 80% of the employment in any jobs except in the offices of private companies should be allocated for the people of Meghalaya,” said Bah Pyndap.
Two persons have been arrested by the MPDA in the protest, which has been going on for two months and one of them is Eldi Newton Lyngdoh, Information Secretary of the Kharbani. FKJGP Central Body, who was arrested from Umsning and accused of inciting petrol bomb blasts at places of worship and other incidents.
One of the top 5 projects will be declared the winner.
His daughter Melanie Passah found and released the Dkar and handed it over to the Wildlife Division Jowai.
Besides, the government's lack of confidence is like insulting the children of Nongjri, he said.
Part of the discussion at the Dorbar, discussed the damage to the vehicles parked at Stand Smit which has reached tens of lakhs of rupees.
(The Economic Times Aug.13,2022 & 17.02.2023).
The JAC urges the public especially the truck owners to attend the general meeting to discuss the issues of the truck owners in relation to the dewbilat factories.
He said that teachers are a group that works not only for salary, but they work from the heart to provide education and to instill in the children the right foundation from an early age.
These proverbs, we can say, are very relevant to our Khasi people.
Your cultivation method is different from the cultivation method of Mei Mariang.
If you judge, you will not be judged in the same way (Matt.7:1).
Speakers at the meeting included IEC Coordinator Jal Jeevan, Tracy Dkhar, IEC Consultant, Swachh Bharat Mission (G), Ibanylla Lyngdoh and Asst. District Coordinator, Swachh Bharat Mission (G), East Jaintia Hills District, Bah K.Kharphuli.
The Chief Minister said that under this scheme, 5000 households have been targeted to start milk production in the state.
He said that the Bharatiya Janata Party believes that good roads, good education and good e- connectivity — all three are the first steps towards growth and development.
Nongpoh, Nail 26: The Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha (BJYM) Ri-Bhoi district has expressed its deep anger over the incident of collapse of the bridge from Pamlatar to Mawlaho. PWD, Umsning Division as reported in the media.
Now God has gathered the children of Israel from all over the world and they have rebuilt the city of Jerusalem.
Chakraborty, who was elected to the Rajya Sabha by the Trinamool Congress, resigned after his name was revealed in the corruption scandal. Sharada's money was spent.
The Constituent Assembly functions in two parts, one as the Legislative Assembly and the Constitutional Assembly.
The office bearers of FKJGP Pomlum Unit are: President: Donkupar Nongdhar Vice President: Amaldon Khonghat General Secretary: Plainbor Kharpuri Assistant General Secretary nbor Controller .
They say that his words, actions and deeds have not yet been measured.
WJH needed to score 153 runs to win, but were bowled out for 117 runs.
“They don't care about the authorities, they come to threaten us?” said another officer.
Admitting that there is always a struggle in any party, Hamletson said that in every party there is always a struggle, but this does not mean that it will lead to division and the party will create opportunities. routes on this.
The tournament was inaugurated by KSU NKHD Unit President Lambokstarwell Marngar as the chief guest in the presence of KSU NKHD Unit President James Mawphniang, KSU NKHD Unit General Secretary James Mawphniang. Samla Joseph Lambok Rymbai Vice President Umsning Town Dorbar, Rangbah Shnong Umsning Proper B, Kong M Kharnaior President Women's Wing and other dignitaries.
Visit the city of Guwahati.
In Kolkata, Manipur continued from the second innings on the third day by scoring 125/8 earlier, with a lead of 10 runs.
Shane didn't know what to do with Park.
“Even the United States has brought back the ballot paper because they found that the EVMs are not reliable,” he said, adding that there are other reasons why he lost. this recent election.
“They question the character of a retired judge, and this is wrong for the opposition to raise a question, like this and the demand that I leave the department is baseless" he said. said.
She said that although the work of this hospital has not been completed properly and the work is progressing fast, it has been opened today (8/2/2020) by the Sisters of this hospital. Hospitals shall be able to prepare and arrange the residential rooms of the Sisters and the rooms of the Doctors and the bedrooms for the patients.
The JAC also expressed its surprise and regret over the recent incidents which have shocked the entire JAC and the JAC has decided to continue to monitor the remaining issues. The SDO Civil Mawshynrut has already appeared in October to demand a magisterial inquiry and the SDO has promised to complete it in March , but unfortunately, it was found before the lock down and the works have been suspended.
As part of preparations for the upcoming rainy season, the district administration of Gangtok in Sikkim has taken measures to prevent landslides.
Referring to TMC leader and former Prime Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma as the ruling leader, Conrad said, “Mukul Sangma can join the TMC, but he is the same person who has been involved in Garo Hills will never forget the incident on the 30th of November, in which 9 people lost their lives.
Nongstoiñ, June 05: The government's increase in the price of petrol, diesel and other commodities has affected the residents. Leaders of the Nongstoin Block Congress Committee, who held a meeting at Congress Bhavan, New Nongstoin, said that the meeting was held at the Congress Bhavan.
The Food Fest was inaugurated by Bah Mayral Born Syiem, in the presence of Biaris Malai President, and other office bearers and leaders of the Women's Wing of Diwon Church.
:The Meghalaya Early Childhood Development Mission & Rescue Mission in collaboration with the office of the Block Development Officer C&RD Ranikor Block on 7th November 2023 held a Block Level Collaborative Convention on Rescue Mission on the middle ground.
She said that in Ïewduh, there are few Khasi shopkeepers because many foreigners and many Khasi shopkeepers.
Regarding the lack of maintenance of the road, the committee has also decided to meet with the DC of Ri Bhoi, to urge him to take action on the road, so that it will not cause problems to the people. the passenger public.
“We don't understand which part of the 6th Schedule the state government proposes to bring about more changes in terms of khadar rule,” said Bindo.
Earlier, speaking to the public at the parking lot of the Additional Secretariat, the President of the VPP said that the absence of the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and the Symbud Chief Minister in charge of the Home Department Prestone Tynsong, President of the Republic of the Congo, said:
Many of the residents in Sohiong said that during this election, Amazing Kurbah has appeared in the election campaign and many photographers turn to him when he gives speeches.
It is for this reason that more troops should be deployed to strengthen the borders to prevent the infiltration of foreigners and other illegal activities on the borders.
“He he he he he...” Bahnah laughed.
Media reports said that the leaders of Bah Dorphang have held many public meetings in these days across the Mawhati constituency to announce that he will contest again.
Confirming this, Bah Alantry Dkhar, Vice-President of the UDP Sengkmie, said that tomorrow (Saturday) the UDP leaders will meet with the office bearers of the UDP Sohiong circle.
The first half was very difficult for both the teams to score although they had several chances to score and the match ended in a draw due to inability. In the second half, Nongrim Hills had a golden opportunity to score in the 49th minute and Pura Nongbri scored the first goal. batch.
They also said that the government has turned its attention to the construction of many sports grounds and playgrounds in all the villages and areas in the state regardless of whether they are small. to the large ones, where there have also been such works, the execution of which is going on steadily.
The concert will begin at 8:30 p.m., and seats are available for the audience without charge.
Police believed at first but when they saw his ID card they knew he was a Myrboh.
However, it cannot be said that there will always be some cleanliness among all nations because of their love even though they are rejected by their own relatives.
On the other hand, the San Seng demanded that the rule of up to 100 hectares for coal mining license should be amended and the rule of contract between land owners and foreigners should be abolished.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 08: The Mawkyrwat Division Sports Association (MDSA) today launched the 1st and Super Divisions Football Tournament. He was the chief guest at the ceremony which was held at Artificial Turf Ground, MDSA Nonglang.
Secretary- Samla Friday Dkhar.
Shillong: A month before the MP elections, let us turn a little to the votes of the candidates who contested the Lok Sabha MP elections 2014 from Shillong and Tura constituencies.
Speeches were also delivered by two TB survivors who shared what they have experienced and urged those who have contracted TB to obey the instructions of the doctors so that they shall be healed of this disease.
The Minister said that what has happened in the last 4-5 years has been many changes in all aspects of economic development and income generation.
They have lost their identity and sold their family and race, by being benami and slaves in their own country because in human life there is a time to work hard, there is a time to gather. to be together and have time to spend.
The GSU has appointed Sangra Sangma, Lecturer Don Bosco College, as the Chief Election Commissioner to oversee the election.
“I feel that the efforts and work of the managing committee to improve the school in education and other areas should be commended,” said Chaudhuri.
Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit in a letter to the Union Home Minister said that the actions of the Manager of Delhi Gulf Club Ajit Pal and the employee of the club Sumita Thakur are in violation of Arts. , 17 of the Constitution of India and also the Scheduled Castes and Prevention of Atrocities (Prevention of Atrocities) Act, 1989 as amended by the Scheduled Tribes Amendment Act, 2015 (1 of 20341) and Section IPC. The Pastor said that it is time for clubs and hotels in the country to set a rule that all those working inside clubs and hotels should be trained how to live. the behavior of all the ethnic groups in India especially the minorities in the North East.
He said that the drug is damaged although the date or time as written is still correct but cannot be trusted.
To talk (Theory) is easy but to do (Practical) is not easy.
According to the Minister, the government has put on the list of persons to be appointed as Advocate General and Additional Advocate General but it has not yet announced them as it is still under consideration.
It has about 370 shops selling food items, clothes, household items and other items.
On the day before the awarding ceremony, there will be a drawing competition and a tainia competition between the schools within the boundary of Mawlai; The Circle invites all schools to take part in this competition.
The Lat's statements were examined and clarified what he felt and criticized. The position of the Kni in the family and in the Seng or Dorbar Kur was clarified. Iawbei Tymmen or Iawbei Tynrai, through whom the children, grandchildren and descendants of the clan grew up.
Kevin scored 137 runs off 172 balls which included 19 fours and one six.
Furthermore, the envelope contained a picture of a medicine with the words Jago Grahak Jago and the words Sayani Rani says
Because of the deception, deception and deception of those health experts about the Corona virus in those years, many people don't trust anymore after they have seen, experienced and experienced it. Therefore, many plans and many explanations of the city have been explained or explained rather than what is true.
The family members of Phol, after receiving information about the incident, immediately rushed to the hospital and she is in critical condition.
He said that according to the programs of various rituals in honor of Trekirot, the Gods and Kings are blessed, he hopes and expects that this year's Behdeiñkhlam will be a successful one with blessings. thank you in all respects.
The MHRC has also pointed fingers at the government for continuing to mine coal despite the NGT ban and has filed a lawsuit against the state government to pay compensation to all the relatives of the 13 people. Thirteen coal miners who were trapped inside the coal mine at Ksan in Lumthari village are Omor Ali, Mezamur Islam, Mominul Islam, Amir Hussain, Munirul Islam, Saiar Islam, Shirapat Ali, Mozid Sk, Raziul Islam, Samsul Haque, Chal Dkhar, Ing Dkhar and Nilam Dkhar.
There have also been allegations that there are many political parties working in this field these days.
Ministers of the Central Government or the State Government shall not enter any boardroom or headquarters except as candidates, followers or authorized representatives.
The deceased include Colonel Manpreet Singh, Major Aashish Dhonchak and Deputy Superintendent of Police, Jammu and Kashmir Himanyun Bhat.
On the issue of District Councils in Khasi and Jaintia Hills, the UDP leader said the party's Central Executive Committee has relied on the core committee to prepare for the MDC elections in the state.
In the men's category, SYM beat Nongpoh Proper by 80 to 56 baskets which made SYM the winner of the tournament.
Furthermore, the Word of God says, "For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved.
The news reached one of the media outlets in Assam.
Shillong: Umroi MLA George B Lyngdoh on Saturday inaugurated the 25th Anniversary of the CoRP Mawmer with a Talent Show in the presence of the President Seng Kmie. CoRP Central Body, Central Zone, Eastern Zone, Raid Mawbuh Circle, CoRP Women. Wings and the crowd.
Even the office of the Child Development Project Officer Saipung has had a shortage of working methods until now as this department has not been fully operational from Saipung. Until now, not only these departments, but there are also other government departments, which have not operated from the offices set up in Saioung where the office buildings have been completed and abandoned. This is a shame to the government and it is clear that it has not taken any action to help the people and it has also brought despair to many.
The suspect was identified as Antis Lyngdoh, 32, of Chinchona, Pahamsyiem. He is also a mystery worker at Eklavya Model Residential School. you don't have to worry about suffering.
Instead of talking or supporting the introduction of the railway line, it would be better for the state government to take more time to think how to implement the ILP, because the position of the party is “Give us the ILP, sa bring Railway Pat".
In the field of literacy, Laitkseh has received assistance from the government for 5 LP schools, 3 UP schools and one Secondary School.
Through the Greater Mairang Water Supply Scheme, which costs Rs 118 crore, 4611 households in 10 villages in Mairang area including Pyndengumiong will be supplied with water. A, Pyndengumiong B, Mairang Mission, Mairangbah, Lumsohkhlur, Mawlong, Sangshong, Madan Field, Umthied River and Township.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
The two Rangbah Shnongs who have lodged a complaint with the Acting Syiem of Raid Kharpati, Bah RR Kleiñ, are Bah Belarius Rongpeit, Rangbah Shnong of Umshakait, former member of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement and Bah Belarius Rongpeit. Jaran Hamse, Rangbah Shnong of Khamar, has been arrested.
The FKJGP has warned the vendors not to make money by selling expired food items as it can affect the health of the people.
Bah Sanbor said that because of the excessive snowfall, he had to eat many plates.
Today, protesters marched again in Guwahati, in front of the Secretariat of Assam, in Dispur to protest against the Immigration Act.
The Election Commissioner, Anup Chandra Pandey, pointed out the duties of the CEOs in the coming months which includes providing the requirements in the states for the elections to the office of the President of India.
This is exactly what happened in Jowai.
The people should know that they have the right to adequate schools and educational institutions even in the most remote villages.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The 29th Biennial Conference of the All India Primary Teachers' Federation (AIPTF) will be held at Gandhi Nagar, Gujarat from the 11th to the 11th of this month. on the 13th of this month.
Not only government departments are in need of money, but contractors are also in need of money.
Mawkyrwat, July 08: The India National Congress (INC) Mawkyrwat Block Congress Committee (INC) has held a meeting with all the leading office bearers of various units at the office. The party's candidate from Mawkyrwat constituency, Bah Carness Sohshang, was also present.
BJP govt's scheme is NPP.
Thus, Satan now knows only how to deceive and frighten people in the world.
While the campaign for the election is in full swing, allegations of money laundering have emerged against some candidates.
Shillong: One of the volunteers, Bah Jonnes JTL Lamare, has sent a letter to the Minister in charge of Home Affairs who is also in charge of the PWD department to take action regarding the meeting. The residents of Laitkor and surrounding areas have complained about the construction of the road in Laitkor and surrounding areas which has caused traffic jam in the area.
Fertilizer will also be made from the waste from the site, but this project can be done with the support of ADB, the city department said in a statement.
It is learned that the arrested persons are not from the village.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09: The Khasi Students Union (NEHU) on Tuesday met with the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof. Prabha Shankar Shukla to seek clarification on the issue of The interview has been conducted in Guwahati, Assam on 19th March, 2022 for the post of Controller of Examinations, University Engineer and Librarian.
This traffic jam can be attributed to the increase in the number of vehicles and also due to the lack of adequate parking spaces around the city.
He said that the UDP has won 12 seats in Sohiong but has won only once in 1998 but has not won once yet.
Paiem Arun Ken Syiem, NONGPOHU, Syiem of Rai Marwet, has invited the residents of the state to take part in the Sohjer festival and celebrations which will be held from the 17th to the 20th of this month.
Pynthor Wah and Pynthor Nein are the two farmland of the people of Jowai and surrounding villages.
In the women's category, Laitlyngkot GRC beat Dieng Kynthong LP School 7-0
In a statement issued by the President of GHBC, Bah Larry Kharpran, the club also congratulates all the students who have been selected and led the State to reach the goal of victory. to bring glory to the State.
Please contact us at khasitrep1972@gmail.com, said a statement from STIEH. I am sorry to see this invitation and responsibility of you. right.
If anyone preached Jesus in Israel they would stop him because it was foolishness to them but they just respected the law.
U Bah Sawkmie will soon take over the post of CEM of KHADC if it happens that Bah Pynshngain N Syiem will be overthrown. In another report, it was said that Bah Pynshngain may soon remove Bah Sawkmie, independent MDC James Sylliang and Kong Grace. M Kharpuri because he doesn't trust the hands of the sopsop to overthrow their seats.
When you come to the star, you have to ship the star.
The AJTCVA has to follow the rules and regulations laid down by the transport authorities especially at these times when we are all facing many difficulties due to the pandemic. “We cannot board passengers or passengers at will,” said Paila.
He said that this figure is based on its findings while arresting them in these years and months.
The Minister also said that the footpaths will not be allowed to be used as market places.
The teachers have been waiting for the government's response for six months and nine days and when the police fired tear gas, they shouted in one voice, “We are teachers, we are not terrorists”.
Therefore, as I don't condemn, but I strongly condemn, that march with the slogan – 'Ha U Prah' which I don't condemn, but I strongly condemn that 'Take action, Take Action', to those who shouted 'Ha U Prah', by another who was behind the election campaign.
Other countries of the world have learned to read and write more than a thousand years ago while in our country it has not been for less than two hundred years.
Whatever God does lasts forever.
To be clean and sweet during the market.
The group also spoke about the discrimination against the people of the North East. Dr. James strongly condemned the discrimination against the people of the North East. Replying to this, he said that the riewlum should not follow their example but should respect not to fight and should look forward to bringing peace.
“The districts should send their recommendations according to the rules and regulations. If there is any discrepancy in what the districts have done, the State Election Committee (SEC) will resolve it,” he said. UDP Chief Executive Member.News and Events from Across the State on 18/08/2
The decision of the Arts and Culture Department of the State Government to erect the statues of the three freedom fighters at the State Central Library is a decision that should be commended. now in the ground floor of this library there is a statue that has not been built very well.
He urged the government authorities to take action and turn their attention to this area, so that it will be for the benefit of the people.
These tourists came to Meghalaya for two days to visit places of worship and tourism.
Sound said that 2018 should be a year without Congress, in which he said, “Congress should take away its strongholds and leave completely”.
He said that according to the Constitution, the Legislative Assembly, the Government and the Judiciary have clearly stated the jurisdiction of the Legislative Assembly, the Government and the Judiciary to provide services in their respective areas to the people. get.
The KSU admitted that the people in the border area are worried because they don't know what will happen if they don't get the protection of the district administration bus.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The reason for the injuries to the women is because the male leaders of the HYC have used women, said the SP.Shillong, Jymmang 31: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has been protesting against the loss of pedestrians during the meeting of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) has invited applicants for the upcoming Baby League to be held this year.
Tamil Nadu has admitted 300 students who did not qualify by 2020 to its colleges.
Four persons including (L) Columbus Hoojon of Umyiap, (L) Denis Nongsiej of Mawsikar, (L) Ekros Rani of Mawdiangsnam and (L) Charles Lyngkhoi na Mawlan, was celebrated every year except for the ban last year.
It has no wings but walks on its feet and climbs the branches of trees in groups.
In churches, juti may be worn inside only if trays are provided at the entrance to wash juti.7) People should be appointed to guide the public in and outside the parking lots. 8) If there are shops, coffee shops and others outside or inside the surroundings of the place of worship, social distancing rules should be strictly observed. to install distance signs to line up people to ensure that there is distancing in places of worship.10) If possible, to install their own entrance and exit points for the public.11) 12) Seating shall be provided in such a way that there is no distance between people.
Speaking on his visit to the Bhowal Hima, the CEM said, “This is not only an honor but we have come to congratulate him on behalf of the District Council”.
For this election in the state, the NCP wants to work in harmony with the ethnic parties.
It is to be recalled that in the 2018 elections, the allegations of corruption against the Congress-led MUA government and Dr Mukul Sangma as the prime minister have been unbearable. The Congress will not win any more MLAs in this election but when the election ends, the Congress will win 23 MLAs. -The TMC PAC, which came to the state recently, has tried to get out of the way to accuse the government of corruption.
They should sleep in public or general wards and those who sleep in private wards will not get this scheme.
Chilliangraij is the third village including Panaliar, Loompyrdi Iongpiah to impose restrictions on candidates to campaign in the villages and this rule is to maintain cleanliness and avoid traffic jam. and that the campaign should be regular so that the people of the village can listen to the positions and issues of the candidates contesting the elections.
“In our experience, in all the previous elections, we feel that it is necessary to prepare for the upcoming elections, the preparations have progressed and we are confident that the party will select the candidates. not only from Khasi and Jaintia but also from Garo Hills,” he said.
In November 2000, the Bethany Society together with the Christian Brothers of St. Edmund's held an Advance Christmas Celebration at the Divine Flame Hostel, Bethany Society. , Shillong.
Gradually they will become addicted to alcohol.
This has caused other vehicles who wanted to play chess to stop, but to wait until the water is low.
According to the residents, on the 3rd of this month, the girl had left her house to bathe in a stream near her house, but the robber dragged her into the forest and threw her into the forest. to have a be-i-jot.
It is understood that the incident may be related to the border issue between Meghalaya and Assam as the area is in dispute.
Shillong, Nailar 02: The SELDD of the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod Sepngi through the Agency for Sustainable Development Initiative (AfSDI) has decided to extend the date of registration for those who wish to to participate in the Shillong Run-10K, 2023 which is scheduled to be held on the 12th of July, 2023 from 5:30 pm, starting from Parking Lot, Polo.
We had to leave home without work,” said the elders from Pynursla.
The DC's office in an order issued on the 22nd has empowered the Waheh Shnongs and Dorbar Shnongs in East Jaintia Hills to monitor and investigate to curb the illegal sale of liquor and to immediately inform the law enforcement authorities. if such liquor shops are found.
If there is no job, how can a Khar Nepali from Nepal get a job in any State Bank of India as a peon or a small job...Why don't the Sengbamlang inspect and be more serious.
To use this mask, wash your hands, face and head before going out. When you use your mask, cover it with a blanket. This will kill the insects. turn your heads before you.
However, on this issue, the Government of India cannot take a decision alone and should seek the opinion of the State Governments whether they agree or not to continue the curfew.
However, there are still some states which have been forced to sign the Instrument of Accession with India.
Speaking on the map for Garoland, Nikman Marak said that the GHSMC does not have any map and has not drawn any map. Garoland State but they will draw up after talks with the political parties, civil society, the Meghalaya government and others.
Commander said this after the filmmakers honored him at the Youth Hostel, Shillong on 11th June after the Government of India has elected him to lead Meghalaya. to this major international film festival that will run from January 16 to 27, 2023.
Shillong, Nailur 24 : MLFC Lawsohtun have won a cash prize of Rs 30,000 and trophies after beating All Stars FC Mawlai in the Inter Club Knockout Championship. FT on Tuesday evening at Lawsohtun.
O generation of vipers, how can ye, being evil, speak good things? for out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh: and a good man out of the good treasure of his heart bringeth forth that which is good; .
When the SRT members asked for clarification on the lack of ST Certificate, the Government officials said that they have to follow the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act, 1997 passed by the Khasi Hills District Council.
Registration in the NPR is only for those who do not claim to be Indian citizens and who have resided in India for up to six months, as well as for those who intend to move to another country. India within six months in which they will be issued with an Adhar number to issue a Unique ID Card.
“It is clear that this BJP's struggle has been discussed even by the people.
Noting that many of the highways in the State have been found to be cold during the rainy season than at other times, the Court said that the materials used in the construction of roads especially highways are not available. to be drowned in the water, overloaded trucks accelerate the drowning of these materials and destroy the clean rock.
"Yes," said Rida, "you are well prepared for the answer, because this is because you have understood each other until your Panah has respected you as my husband..." said the mother. you sur not dom.
During the inspection, the Deputy Commissioner directed the management of the CHC to divert the waste to another place and the compensation of Vesper Lamare promised to convene a meeting of both the parties to discuss the matter. task.
He said that last year when he contested for MP, the situation was different where there were many difficulties but now it will be easier to win.
Shortly after, the minister said, “I have been very sick for the past two days, you can ask the doctor.
Jowai, Nailur 14: The 6th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy of the 2nd Division Football Tournament 2023 was held on Friday at Kiang Nangbah Stadium. Southeast Jowai.
They also informed about the order of the Prime Minister, regarding the desire of the party, which they have requested three times to speak for such talented youth to lead the way. However, the party has not received a reply to meet with him, but has been sent to meet with others whom the party meets from time to time.
He said that the information campaign from Laban will enable the writers and readers to share their ideas through various articles.
The Synod College Shillong will also celebrate its 50th Anniversary on the 20th of November, said Dr.D Wanswett.
When asked how he felt about his experiences as a footballer, he said it was the best experience of his life.
Suting said this while talking to reporters after filing his nomination papers before the Returning Officer of East Khasi Hills District today.
“Even I don't know where my mother was born.
We witness the struggle and struggle of our youth to protect the nation and state from being invaded by other high paid nations from other places.
"The research on the poisonous tits is ongoing," he said.
The population will be 3.5 crore, with 17 Lok Sabha seats and 119 State Legislative Assembly seats.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 24: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) West Khasi Hills District under the leadership of Samla Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh President, has met with the DC of West Khasi Hills District, Garod LSN Dykes, regarding the concerns of the youth and parents of the youth. The Screening Committee on 16 October 2023 has selected 7 candidates for the post of Technical Assistant at DRDA. go to Personal Interview.
Meanwhile, the COVID-19 pandemic has spread almost all over the world – it has infected 38,22,860 people and claimed the lives of 2,65,076 people worldwide so far. (Worldometer data), and sometimes continues to progress in infecting and killing people and it is not yet known when it will end or die.
“These political parties now know that if the MDC, MP elections come, it is not right to fight with the prah...they have started sending even their own people to apply for tickets from the prah. and when they win, they will join the NPP, the UDP.
“The first round of talks went smoothly and all the demands raised by the HNLC were discussed and there were some that needed clarification from the central government.
In these 4 months many of the teachers who have passed the examination so we have decided to extend the recruitment year so that they too can take part in the examination once again and get jobs The government will not be able to appoint them without the examination”.
He said that the tourists have become victims due to the delay in the sale of land and others.
Cancer can occur at any age, but it is most common in the years after 40 and 45 years of age.
Alleging that there is a strong struggle within the BJP, Pala said, “They have a strong desire this time.
The RDA leaders, the UDP, HSPDP and the VPP, understand that if they form an alliance, the major political parties like the NPP, Congress and BJP will be ready to spread in the country. you are from Khasi Jaintia.
They are a source of comfort, joy, and encouragement to the whole family.
It will be the same during the lockdown.
The same request was made by the owner of Rajasthan Food Grain Store who urged the people not to be afraid of losing milk but to wait until tomorrow. he shall sell as usual at market price.
“To bah,” said the para. When they went to sleep in their own beds, they couldn't help but remember that day all day how it went and ended.
However, until now, there has been no understanding to form a single opposition party between the Congress and the TMC,” said the Congress MLA from Mylliem.
MawlongPresident Shillong UDP V.President UDP General Secretary Women's Wing Shillong Women's Wing.
Shillong, July 17: Ka HANM has expressed its satisfaction after the demand and strike of 9 nights and 10 days in 2015 has been fulfilled, as the government has listened to the The demand for cleaning and improvement of the 5.50 km road from Byrnihat 13 miles to Killing (Tamulkuchi to Jorbil).
People from all over the country have been talking about the rise of the BJP in the country since Narendra Modi assumed office as the Prime Minister of the country and the BJP wind has spread to Meghalaya which is the stronghold of the Congress. .
Jeristho (2/7) and Paisal Ali (2/13) were among the best.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today urged all the DCs of Meghalaya to take action against shopkeepers who increase the price of food items.
To drink 9 shynieng of Sohkymphor, one syieng, one light, one small syieng makhir, one should pour it into a big glass and give two shamoit of ngap. Drink three shamoit twice a day and two shamoit for children. once a day.
It is the most widely grown plant in Japan.
It was through the tie-breaker that PFR Football Academy beat Meghalaya Santosh Trophy Team.
Cleanliness is the responsibility of every resident of the village and the state as a whole.
He said that as the President of the NPYF, the President of the NPYF, South West Khasi Hills District, they have raised the question and wonder in what manner the Director of Health Service (DHS) has appointed the staff through posts inside the 100 bedded Mawkyrwat CHC which has been allocated in the form of contractual recruitment for 101 posts. without explicit public announcements.
Speaking at the meeting, he said that if he is re-elected as MLA, he wants to make Pdeiniadaw a model village in the area.
She also strongly criticized the Government of India for allocating and providing special compensation to all those who have to stop immediately. throw the coal.
Although no serious injuries were reported to those inside the vehicle, the incident has shocked those inside the vehicle especially the patient.
Shillong, July 13: The Raj Bhavan in Tura, Garo Hills, which was inaugurated by the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan today, will be inaugurated by the President of India, Droupadi. Murmu on her arrival in Tura to open the 3rd Meghalaya Games which will start on 15th July
Tura: Seven All India Trinamool Congress MLAs have decided to contest on the NPP ticket in the 2023 MLA elections, said Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya. day in Rongjeng.
Kindly digest the comments as positive criticism, while the further comments are basic suggestion of a general proper research.
Speaking on the issues of his work, he said that these are the same issues since the time of Maheh, Bah HDR Lyngdoh (bam kwai ha dwar U Blei), which are in the field of development. “The Inner Line Permit, the Roster System and the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) are the issues that need to be discussed and if the people are able to appear in the House, I will discuss them”. , said Mr. Synshar.
In this new machine, if a voter finds that his vote does not go to the candidate he voted for, he can appeal to the Presiding Officer in writing and the complaint is found to be valid. , you will be able to re-file the application by filling the pre-prepared application form.
“The victory of Bah Synshar Lyngdoh is to strengthen our party and also the MDA, the Government with which we belong.
“If you call to speak, hold your right hand, hold your left hand, and it will sit on you”.
“If you look at the casino, he has lied because he said that it will not be brought into the state but what we see in the answer in the House is markhongpong and that is why it is clear who is the liar,” he said. he said further.
The village has given the company 10 days from the 18th and now they have given another deadline until Saturday and if the company does not do anything, the villagers will come out to demolish the well.
The people have power and authority if they are united and work together.
“We have seen many foreigners in different clubs in the past but now we have the entry of local players in these clubs to replace them and this is very pleasant,” he said. Mr. Embhah.
This will also be the annual meeting of the party.
At that time while the people were being bombed and tied, many prayers were heard from the women who prayed earnestly to God to save them from these tragedies.
In a statement, CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing said that she has earlier written a letter to the Chief Engineer PWD Roads to issue a strict order to all Engineers, Sub Divisional Engineers ( PWD Roads) to look after the bad roads and to give a sign to the contractors who have committed torti but this has not happened and the sign has been thrown away.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The State Government has sought a reply from the CMJ University to give a clear answer why it should not be closed down.
Especially to the leadership of the SSA to resume their work to hold once again various tournaments from the 4th Division, 3rd Division, 2nd Division, 1st Division and Shillong Premier League and also the football matches of the youngsters to be played again inside this stadium which has taken several years to complete.
However, when there is a conflict, those who are accused are the Ministers.
“I'm more happy in February, Mom,” he said. “It depends on your personal feelings,” said the mother. “Number 3, I don't like you,” said Marchborn. mother“Hopefully this new car will make a lot of money.
Shillong Lajong FC under the leadership of Bah Bobby Nongbet have substituted four substitutes, Hamedamanbha Wahlang who replaced Chanmitre Thma in the 71st minute, Amon. Lepcha replaced Baby Sunday Marngar in the 80th minute, Ohborlang Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi replaced Atlanson Kharmaw in the 80th minute and Wadajied Kynsai Ryngkhlem replaced him in the 80th minute. Ronald Kydon Lyngdoh Nonglait scored the first goal in the 83rd minute.
He said that if the candidates who don't have money and don't have followers come back, they don't even give information to the villagers.
Dutta also accused filmmaker Vivek Agnihotri of sexually assaulting her during the shooting of his film 'Chocolate' Camera's conditions.
“We are all part of the team now, we can do different jobs at different levels but we are here to achieve the same goal of moving forward the State,” he said.
The government's decision to cancel the bill came after opposition from many quarters including civil society, religious leaders, political leaders and the public.
Kharkongngor said this after the Election Commission of India on Tuesday afternoon announced the date of the elections in Meghalaya on 27th June, the vote will be held on October 2,
Meanwhile, total US aid to Ukraine has exceeded $40 billion since the beginning of Russia's invasion of Ukraine last year.
“Cultural heritage, natural resources, long borders with other countries are opportunities that the EU and India can take advantage of through cooperation,” he said.
Rangbah Shnongs, Parents, MLAs and Religious Leaders should jointly support this campaign.
The development of the tourist destination started in 2015 and the residents near the tourist destination have been fortunate to get jobs from other states when they come to these destinations. places.
He recalled that the houses under the PMAY scheme should have been completed within 95 days but even after 5-6 years, some of the beneficiaries have not received the first installment yet.
Therefore, he cannot deny the fact that they have no part.
That is Tamaha 4.
The BJP MP, who won the Rajya Sabha elections from Karnataka in July, passed away today.
Speaking at the closing ceremony of the 175th Anniversary of Cherra Presbyterian Secondary School and Sohra Presbytery, Metbah said that students, parents and teachers should take part in the celebration. to raise the responsibility for the promotion of quality education.
Mukherjee said the tax to be paid is based on the calculations and actions of the coal owners even if it is a high tax.
Amjok, who won the title, received a cash prize of T.20,000 and a trophy, while Ronghona, who lost in the final, received a cash prize of T.20,0 .10,000 along with the trophy. Besides, the organizers of the tournament also distributed individual prizes, including the winners of the Best Bowler, Best Keeper, Best Fielder, Best Batman's, Man of the Series. Vishal Ronghang was named Man of the Match.
Furthermore, Bah Lamphrang urged the school to continue to contribute to the society through the school.
Mynthong has 7 points while Sabahmuswang has 1 point.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 16: The Rambrai Jyrngam Assembly Constituency, which has been divided for a long time from the Nongstoin Assembly Constituency, has received only one MDC constituency since the first division. He was elected as the first MDC from the Hills State People's Democratic Party.
The beneficiaries of the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) should receive up to 300 lakh days of employment according to the allocation of funds for the scheme. year 2023-2024.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the UDP Khatarshnong leaders, Bah Riskhem Prang, admitted that according to information received from the supporters and leaders of the PDF from Khatarshnong, the MLA has not taken the initiative to work for the party. to support the MDA candidate Dr Jemino Mawthoh.
We see now that the police are clever enough to target those who install loud silencers.
It was for this reason that earth embankments had to be built from Pandua to Angajur to Sylhet.
One thing I have found is that Dr Don has a slow lifestyle and his tone of voice is slow and he is not a talkative person.
Also present were the Sirdar of Mawmluh, Bah P.Kharwanlang, Chairman of MTACCS, Bah PSLyngdoh, members of the EC of the village, leaders of the Women's Wing, Youth Wing and others.
Namewanki Pakyntein took two wickets.
She was taken to Byrnihat PHC by Carla Sangma and the doctors of the hospital sent her to NEIGRIHMS. relatives, she has put a lot of pressure on herself for her care.
It has been the case that even in the CBSE examination the Khasi language has to be taught and I will try to include it in the EMRS curricula of the CMRS in the state.
Government officials and foreigners come to watch this dance which has been going on since ancient times.
With three days left, there is still a chance for these teams to play again if the weather permits.
Matthew 23:5.
The Urban Affairs Department has acquired 807 hectares of land at Mawpdang, Mawkhanu.
The Governor also visited the Indo-Bangladesh Maitri Dwar at Tamabil Border Check Post and talked to the officers of the Bangladesh Border Guards.
In addition, the Church's communication is as follows.
However, Chebet is the first player to win the title since Robert Kipkoech Cheruiyot, who won the title three times in a row since 2006-0
Other issues discussed were on health, drinking water and other benefits that the District should receive.
Afterwards, the Holy Mass was celebrated by Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh in the presence of Fr Paul O Lyngkot, Fr John Zosiama, Vice Provincial, Fr Richard Majaw, VG of Shillong Archdiocese. , Fr Pascal Lyngodh, Parish Priest of the Cathedral, Salesian Priests and Religious Men in the Cathedral.
Other provisions of the soskular include the settlement of the border dispute with Assam, the inclusion of the Khasi language in the fifth schedule, the formulation of the Agriculture Policy, the implementation of Employment Generation. To review the Meghalaya Minor Minerals Concession Rules 2016, to strengthen electricity generation by 2028, to improve the air connectivity to Shillong and to curb the spread of drugs in the State .
Some reminders for all of us to reduce the purchase of single use plastic.
In the women's category, the final match of the day was between Dubakh and SYM. The SYM team scored 57 goals for 40 baskets and won the women's title.
At present, the Kur is waiting for the government's call to resolve and discuss clearly who owns the land by showing its documents and in relation to the She said that she will not rest until she gets her rights.
If only one post including the post of Chairperson or member is vacant, the Lokayukta cannot function.
Rina Dutta, 55, from Tripura, was admitted to NEI GHRIMS on the 6th of this month.
Therefore, the party came to Shillong to visit the residences of these seven MLAs but did not meet them at all.
Now that the amendment has been introduced and it is clearly stated in the Act, the preparation for issuing licenses and leases to those who wish to mine shyiap will be issued by the government departments, he said.
The Seng has admitted that there are very few people, especially the traders from Jaintia Hills, who want the railway line in the area.
Police said the incident occurred during the Ulto Rath procession to celebrate the return of the Hindu god Jagannath and two of his brothers. the annual Rath Yatra.
Many people have suspected that the husband of the woman was involved in the incident after he fled the scene and until these days no trace of him has been found.
In order to continue the work of the District Council, the Executive Committee has prepared a three-month budget to complete the remaining works, said Bah Ardent.
It is for this reason that in Khasiland the thieves, the robbers, the devils, the drunkards, the murderers, the rapists are Christians.
The BJP in the state has two MLAs, AL Hek and Sanbor Shullai, who support the NPP-led MDA, where AL Hek is a government minister.
The evening was held at the Soso Tham Auditorium, with the participation of Prosanto Chunder Dutt and his wife Malabika Dutt, who plays the piano.
The donation was handed over to Hubert Paliar by the leaders of the Sur u Nongwest, at a short meeting held at the office of the Sur u Nongwest in Nongstoiñ.
“We request the Government through the Director and Commissioner & Secretary of the Ministry of Education to take action as soon as possible.
On the same night, nine Khasi Pnars from Labang were arrested and threatened by Karbi and Assam Police in Tahpat village. Two of them were shot dead by Karbi. They were identified as Sam War of Khyndeliar and Sik Lyngdoh, Waheh Chnong of Mooknor.
The decline in the price of agricultural products especially synsar has caused a lot of trouble to the farmers of Ri Bhoi area who have been devastated and discouraged especially at this beginning of the year as many of the households depend on agriculture to provide for the household and school fees of their children.
Is it illegal for me to write here anything Banga Shem or to give advice or request to the government in relation to this disease or anything else I want to express through the media?
One person, Rupchand Dewan, died in a shooting incident at Iewduh and nine others were injured in the incident at 10.30 pm. .
“From the Society, we will try to train the youth in various fields related to tourism so that they can become employment opportunities for the youth,” said Bah Banteidor. all those who took part in the successful and successful 'Escape To Nongjrong' festival.
Hilarios said that if there are many tourists he earns 1500 or 2000 rupees a day and if there are no tourists he earns 500 rupees a day.
Mairang: The Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang in two orders issued this evening has informed that due to the rapid spread of COVID-19 in Mairang Mission Village and Umthied Bynther Village, these two villages have been declared as Containment Areas as part of the efforts to curb the spread of COVID-1
This shows that there are no more qualified leaders to lead the country.
TYNRAI IS TO PROTECT AND PROTECT THE LAND AND SHYIAP OF THE KHASI, JAINTIA AND GARO PEOPLE FROM THE INVESTIGATION OF THE HEH PEOPLE WHO HAVE BEEN FROM 2 YEARS TO 15 ADCs. they are now 66 years old.
He said that the results released recently by the Meghalaya Board of School Education have shown the lack of education in Garo Hills.
It is also a shame to read such writings and also to hear such nonsense and insults.
Students of St Anthony's School, Laitumkrah Presbyterian School and Kiddies Corners attended the programme.
Ajmer Singh, a farmer from Sehbajpurha Raikot block of Ludhiana district in Punjab, has rejected deforestation and set up a biogas plant. which uses manure and cow dung to produce biogas in his yard.
He said the government through the sports department will hold the Meghalaya State League again and this stadium will be one of the venues for the tournament.
The protest against Them Metor took place a year ago after a clash between a bus driver and some residents of Them Metor.
Speaking as the Chief Guest at the inauguration ceremony, Bah Sanbor said that the NEC has received the funds through the hard work and perseverance of the officers including the NEC. “I am the spokesperson of the Syiem to bring what the people of Laban need to the government. To apply for schemes is easy. However, to achieve this, it is necessary to monitor not only once or twice but even three or four times,” he said.
He said that these meters will operate through GPRS and will have an online bill and so far, 44,000 bills have been operated in the state.
Shillong: The construction of a police station is in progress at Umru Khuti in West Karbi Anglong.
The United States has sent warplanes, missiles and troops to Saudi Arabia in preparation for any escalation in the country. day to come.
On this occasion, it was learned that Latho Manik Syiem had filed a writ petition before the High Court of Meghalaya which had suspended the hearing of the Tribunal on
“If you turn along the highway you will see that the government is acting like Gundas and if you go to government offices your work will not go ahead without money.
"Is there anything worse than this? But, my friend, every time you sin, you are sinning against the Lord.
MePDCL together with FEDCO will be present on the occasion where the public can also ask any questions on the issue of handing over to the private sector to manage the consumption. The light in Mawsynram Division.
Former MLA Stephanson Mukhim, candidate of the National People's Party (NPP) and Alban K. Gashnga, candidate of the Trinamool Congress, have filed their nomination papers. MPCC candidate Vincent Pala of Congress and Chrisson Langstang of BJP will contest from Sutnga Saipung.
In the first quarter, TVS Motor Company's sales increased by 9% from 5.84 lakh units in the first quarter of 2014 to 6.38 lakh units in
Not to mention the market areas where the people are busy but the spread of garbage is still in the streets of the village and the people don't care much except for their own homes and shops where they earn a living on the sidewalks and the road is covered.
“People who leave the UDP to another party are the ones who turn their heads while those who leave the UDP party are the ones who turn their heads. Let us change our minds by bringing the UDP to rule our people and many leaders to lead the state”.
It should be closed at 12:30 pm because the bapli is easier.
Shillong, July 24: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will celebrate the 'Council Day' on the 27th of this month. various programs as a mark of celebration.
Edystone Shylla, Waheh Chong Dorbar Tympang urged the district authorities to take action against the garbage dumping and sale of land in Iawmusiang.
In the areas within 800 meters above sea level of Ri-Bhoi, East Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills Districts, rice fields can be used all year round for the known such as Multi Cropping.
The leaders of the group said that they have sent to the Election Commission to change the date because the day and the date set by the Commission , about 3000 thousand church leaders and church members will not be able to vote. let's vote.
About 5,000 adhoc teachers from LP to Higher Secondary schools from across the state attended the General Meeting.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Federation of Khasi States, Sirdarships and others) has decided to convene the fourth National Assembly in March
From the first half, the match started to get heated and the players of both the teams tried to score but by the end of the first half the score was of 1-1 col.
Sheikh Jassim is now in his fight against other British billionaires such as Jim Ratcliffe after the two have appeared as the fighters in the Ratcliffe has been in the lead for the EPL club. Furthermore, Ratcliffe has so far appeared to be the leading player in the match during the The fourth round of the competition was closed last month.
The raid was conducted at the residence of Tamal Mallik in Belonia, South Tripura district.
He said the Ministry has decided to find a site for the Center at Mawiong.
It is difficult to achieve unity while leaders are not able to understand each other and express their feelings and put issues first.
To all friends, relatives, neighbors and village officials.
They said that it is necessary to maintain it because it has special protection for the minorities as enshrined in the Constitution.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that Amit Shah's speech is only an election campaign speech as it is the speech that the BJP has made in every election in other states. too.
Shillong: There have been 99 new cases of coronavirus in the state, the Director of Health Services (DHS) Dr Aman War today said. There are 1,434 cases in the state.
“Please prosecute the contractor according to the law and conduct an investigation into this matter,” she said.
“When I first took over the department, only 13% of the population had Aadhaar but from January to July, the number of Aadhaar card users has increased to 95% and now it has reached 97%,” said Paul.
The Dorbar Shnong Mawryngkneng has decided not to allow any candidate to hold public meetings in any village, but has decided to hold only one day of election campaign. that day.
At this meeting, the former office bearers of the Forum – such as (Late) Archbishop Dominic Jala who was the President of the Forum, (Late) Rev. Dr. RJ Skinner, (Late) ) Rev. Dr. HM Rapthap, (Late) Mr. K. Chyrmang and others.
Himanta Biswa Sarma recently said that the second phase of the demarcation will start in July or November this year.
The Raij Ionglang received this scheme after it agreed to turn into a community forest a 15.12 hectare land announced by the Forest Department since
Trees such as diengrai, diensal and others are also in danger of extinction although some people are struggling to grow them because they are valuable trees.
On this occasion, despite the heavy rain, the supporters of the UDP Mawkynrew were able to witness the welcoming ceremony of the former MLA of Mawkynrew, Bah Remington Pyngrope to the UDP. Speaking on the occasion, Bah Remington Pyngrope has won twice as MLA from Mawkynrew and once as MDC, but was defeated again in 2018 after he left to contest on the NPP ticket. , u Bah Metbah expressed his happiness to welcome Bah Reming who has left the NPP to return to his old home, the UDP. Seeing thousands of people who still love and follow the former UDP leader, Bah Metbah said he has no doubt that the UDP will win from this constituency.
They have also received special training in CPR (Cardio Pulmonary Resuscitation) in case of emergency.
The strike by the MeECL employees is after they have not received their salary for the month of June even after it has reached 10th June,
“We have also seen announcements from time to time since the issuance of this Office Memorandum that there has been a shortage of employment for the Khasi-Jaintia...it has been more than for the Garo. “Without criticizing any nation, what is needed is that we have to move forward, not go back 50 years.
Heavy and heavy rainfall is expected in parts of the state tomorrow.
The family members said that the fire brigade, which should have arrived immediately, arrived at the scene in less than two hours.
It is not right to elect babu-sahep teh tai and phong sut who visit their constituents once in a while and that is especially true when the election time is approaching.
Police from Nongpoh Police Station rushed to the scene to assist the injured and took them to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for treatment.
According to the letter, the union has sent today to the Deputy CEM of JHADC, Laski Rymbai, as the CEM is not in his office, informing him that the government has tried to bring the railway line through The NFR is in Jaintia Hills.
It is worth mentioning that these orders have prompted many people especially those affected such as shopkeepers and drivers to protest.
Students who took entrance at that time had to take another subject among Arabic, Greek, Sanskrit and Latin.
Shillong, Lber 3 : U Governor of Meghalaya Phagu Chauhan on Tuesday called on the National People's Party (NPP), which has the majority in the House with 26 seats, to form a new government in the state.
It was in October that it was announced that he would leave Liverpool at the end of the season.
Meanwhile, the tenants of parking spaces, public toilets will be extended the tenancy or lease of 2 months.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 19: As one of the desires to have a place to sit and relax so that the people can spend their time especially during the time of unemployment or holidays, a rangbah from Patharkhmah village has started to express Jagubura Lake is one of the places where people can spend their time in Barigang Patharkhmah.
One of the Congress leaders, Ajay Maken, asked the BJP, “Does the BJP mean that the people of the North East are not Indians?” He said that the word refugees should be protected from the North East, the word refugees is used when people flee from one country to another, does the BJP think that the people of the North East? are they people from another country or in their opinion the northeast is not part of India? We demand that they should remove this issue from their agenda and apologize to the public,” said Maken.
Many of the village matters were discussed at the Dorbar Shnongs, the general report submitted by the Secretary and the Financial Report by the Treasurer.
St. Peter's Higher Secondary School came first with 160 points and received a cash prize of T. Peter's Higher Secondary School. 7 thousand with the trophy.
This is a shame to our MLAs especially to the Education Minister who is from this constituency.
A case has been registered at Mawlai Police Station under the Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1985 U/S 21(c)/29 NDPS Act.
Before the cleanliness drive, a short meeting was held and a keynote address was delivered by the Assistant General Secretary, Orilan Shylla.
Richard Marak welcomes the Central Government's decision to provide free injections for all those over the age of 18 years. Country on July 8, 2021 when he issued a statement to the entire country.
The Spokesperson of the MDA-II Government, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that the spread of crime has caused insecurity to the residents.
We have received 63 billion cubic liters of rainwater every year of which 31 billion cubic liters goes to Bangladesh and 31 to Assam,” he said.
Shillong, June 6: An elderly man from Nongpriang village (a village on foot from Sohra) has passed away at CHC, Sohra on Tuesday night at 12 pm.
He said that Benedict Ranee has not only fulfilled his duties outside but has also fulfilled his duties as a parent in the family.
The state police suspect that the robbers involved in this crime are Myanmar citizens and they have started a thorough investigation to find out. catch the robbers.
Bah John urged the Raid Mawlieh and Hima Khyrim authorities to erect a memorial for this Rangbah including other Nongsynshar who have passed away recently who have made a special contribution to protect him. border between Khasi Hills and Bangladesh.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Babu Kular Khongjirem said that they have been able to hold classes in rooms that have not been destroyed by the fire and the attendance of students has been smooth as usual. be.
Shillong, Lber 22: The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, on Tuesday announced the names of the new members of the Regional Committees for the second phase of the demarcation.
Speaking to reporters, Plan said that his desire to support Nehlang Lyngdoh is based on his vision and discovery of the work that Nehlang has done in the two terms of his election. MLA. He said that u Nehlang is a man who is ready to help the poor, the needy, the villages, the roads, the drinking water, the lights, the Hospital and many other good deeds in the community.
Then came the violent activities of those who opposed Pakistan such as the Hurriyat and others.
Teresa Kamasuam FMA, Fr.Laurence Kharluni (CRI Shillong President, Shillong Archdiocese), Br.
I am pleased to say that our struggle is meaningless and we don't have such a struggle except for those who are stupid and in human beings we can't be enough”.
However, after three months, when the government has not given any word, the Sengbhalang, has decided to seek clarification from the state government, on its views, for the bill to ban the the flow of water to the State.
The incident was discovered on Tuesday morning by the employees of the bank who saw the breaking of the door and coin.
He said that since I was a child, I used to think that I would be able to do something on the field but when I grew up, I started thinking and I found the idea that the book Kudi Nar should help me. build", he said.
His films include 1942: A Love Story, Baazi, Jeet, Mrityudaata, Arjun Pandit, Major Saab, Soldier, Haseena Maan Jaayegi, Jaanwar, Vaastav: The Reality, Joru Ka Ghulam, Refugee, Jodi No.1 and Kyo Kii... I'm not sure what to do.
Some call it, the Election Festival.
Mooknor Thadmuthlong will play against Lion at 1 pm while Wasa United will play against Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu at 3 pm.
Others on the list include US President Joe Biden, King Charles, Sara Mardini and Yusra Mardini, supermodel Bel La Hadid, billionaire CE Elon Musk and Beyonce. .
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced the 100 Days Program at the 47th Anniversary of Meghalaya at the State Central Library, Shillong.
The festival was very lively and lively, in which different villages of Rymbai Elaka came to take part in traditional dances and songs.
Shillong, July 12: The shooting death of Assam Police in Mukroh has been completed for 53 days today.
He also explained the opportunities available in the use of spatial technology to strengthen the audit work.
From the interview with these residents, it is understood that the incident occurred due to the lack of transparency in the appointment of the Acting Sordar. There were complainants that a dorbar should be convened but until now no dorbar has been convened to arrange for the post of Nongsynshar or to elect a full Sordar.
Shillong, March 23: Four shops have been flooded due to heavy rainfall on Tuesday and Saturday.
From now on, all the rivers will become exactly like the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi rivers.
“All those involved in the killing of these two men should be punished according to the law,” said Bah MH Dkhar.
The train to Gujarat will leave on 15th June 2020 and arrive in Guwahati on 17th June 2020, carrying 225 passengers. the state.
Other sources said about 100 people were seriously injured and thousands were affected across parts of Pataukhalj district in the Mahasen landslide.
The Rangbah Shnong the next day came and talked about many things which gave peace and hope to Kong Maya (Rida's mother) and also to Rida.
When asked about the assistance to the farmers affected by the cyclone, Ma Kyrmen Shylla said that so far 14 rice fields have been damaged by the floods and the government will provide assistance to all of them. The district authorities have completed the examination and sent the report to the Disaster Management Department.
Besides, banks have been directed to remain open.
The Jews did not recognize the time of their Messiah's visit to them.
Shillong: Langsning FC beat Jamshedpur FC 3-1 in the first leg of the 2013 FIFA World Cup qualifier at Jamshedpur on Saturday.
The decision came after the cancellation of the National Seminar on 'Khasi Language, Literature and Culture' in Delhi and the protest held at Jantar Mantar on 29 and 30 November last.
When I got to the office I sat down on my own chair.
The law is what makes us human beings equal in human rights.
“Regarding the proposal to hand over the former IB PWD of Nongstoin EE PWD Division to the private sector, the CE PWD ® has made it clear that there is no such proposal on the part of the office. his.
The Meghalaya Body Builder Association (MBBA) has condemned the sudden death of one of its members, Bah Balaphrang Kharshiing, Vice President of the Association, on 6th March. 2021.
“This shows how much corruption has fallen into the minds of those in power that they don't care about human life,” said the former Congress MLA.
that all the earth may know that there is a God in Israel" 1 Samuel 17:45-4
Finally, he urged especially the people living in the border areas with Assam, to show that unity by working together from the Dorbar Shnongs, Dorbar Raids, Dorbar Hima and so on. to bring about change in the culture, land, economic development and employment of the youth, he added.
“We too have closed this morning, but when we saw the vehicles moving and many shops open we too have opened,” said a shop owner in Khyndailad. day.
In many households, only the Khar birds can be seen flying around the garden or yard to eat the soh-khawja, khawpyrsit and also the shylluit of jhur or flowers.
As the residents, we are no longer surprised by such messages of sympathy, or words of promise, because it is just like the return of nature of the year.
“If this continues, corruption will soon increase and our poor will fall below the poverty line.
The Dorbar Hall was constructed under the Chief Minister's Special Development Fund (CMSDF) 2021-2022 and the Member of Parliament Local Area Development Scheme (MPLADS) 2022-2023 at a cost of T.28,00,0
Because of this custom, the Ai-jait woman, the Ai-jait mother, is a custom that includes all the mynder tngoh-kada and mynder kpoh-kada from all over the world to raise children in their own race until there is no The seeds of Hynniewtrep are no longer alive.
Teams participating in the tournament must sign no more than 25 players and no less than 20 players.
The competition in this category started today.
From that moment on, the 800,000 (five lakh) slaves who had been held captive under the British Empire were freed from slavery and gained freedom.
Shillong, Lber 12 : The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Monday presented the budget for the financial year 2024-25 which is less than 4,33,410 tyngka. slightly higher than the yield.
He also loves his own people.
These houses belong to Mrs. Daimonful Sana and Mrs. Beautiful Sana.
Furthermore, the villagers said that it was an act of witchcraft that he was killed.
Whose sheddeth man’s blood, by man shall his blood be shed: for in the image of God MAN HE MADE.Genesis 9:5-6.
The SMB has also issued a notice prohibiting the use of umbiah without finding buses in public places and if found, punishment will be imposed.
“This way we have been able to save the time and energy of women and children who have to travel tens of miles to get water from distant places,” he said.
She said that in recent days after the protests of teachers and civil society in Shillong, there have been Dkhar organizations who have demanded from the government to implement the Armed Forces Special Power Act, so that There is no one who dares to hold public protests, because when the law is implemented, if the army suspects anyone of being a criminal, he just leaves home to go to work. shot straight without mercy.
Not only the competition, but the Seng Samla Shnong Jakrem also awarded prizes to all the winners who came first, second and third.
This statement was sent by the General Secretary Samla Lurman B. Talang.
“However, there has been a tragic incident and I have taken the initiative to talk to the leaders of the Assam government, and this is the step we have taken,” he said.
Speaking to media, after meeting with the Minister, Secretary Kordor L Mawlong and Chairman Wandonbok Jyrwa said that at present, the influx of tourist taxis from Assam has reduced the number of passengers. The owner of tourist taxis in the state, in fact, is an opportunity for the youth of the state to get jobs.
She also urged the teachers to work hard to reduce the part-time dropout rate of the students and to guide their students to learn from other fields of technology. such as print and electronic media, internet or mobile phones to improve the education of children.
Shri.Love You (Pyrtakuna Village Headman)
Speaking at the meeting, the MLA said that tourism is one of the most important sources of income for the Dorbar Shnongs and employment opportunities for the youth in the area.
Selfishness is one of the reasons why the leaders of the country have been divided because their fellow citizens are fighting against each other without understanding that they themselves cannot rise, others are the same. , but to put them together in one book is very difficult.
The film is the first film to be released at the 1st Meghalaya International Film Festival 2023 and will also be screened at the opening ceremony of the Kelvin Film Festival
In these letters, Thomas Jones explained the evil deeds of the British, especially the corruption and the violation of the rights of the Khasi through the trade.
He directed the district authorities to be vigilant and prepared in advance to provide for the needs in case of emergency.
As I saw the above article, it doesn't match that I found that when I stayed at this hotel, when I went to take medicine, they said that there should be less medicine. I have to wait for 2 days to apply for a report. I have to pay for the room and tax. They asked for a copy of the medical file. They showed me the medical file. Parking fees, room fees, taxes and parking fees are also charged.
The houses in these western countries should be located in such a way that one house will be farther away from another house so that the congestion of the village and the traffic jam in the neighborhood will be reduced. .
Samaro and Nangbah Khloopano have shared 10 points each in the 3rd Adelbert Memorial Trophy on Thursday. King Stadium, Jowai.
If any party gets more MLAs, the question is, is it because they have enough policies and principles that are acceptable to the people, or is it because of other forces and influences?
Before the start of the football match, there was a short meeting with MK Ryngkhlem.
He said that he joined the PDF after seeing that the party is the fastest growing party in the state. Speaking on his preparations for the MDC election 2019 , he said that his main goal is to strengthen the customs and traditions , strengthen the Dorbar Shnongs and maintain the the ground is shyiap.
At the time of writing, only Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem has registered to contest the election, which means that Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem has won without any opposition to the post of CEM. new member of the Council.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Central Body (HITO) has written to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, to inform that the NEIGHRIMS Hospital, Shillong, has ordered the MHIS not to open an account. NEIGHRIMS, in these days, demands that each and every covid patient, who goes for treatment at the hospital, should pay back the money to NEIGHRIMS. A covid patient, who goes for treatment at the hospital, must pay at least 50,000 rupees to the hospital.
One or two may be mentioned here; Out of the sixty (60) seats in the State Legislative Assembly, fifty-five (55) seats have been reserved for the indigenous people.
“The investment of these candidates has come like a storm which has covered the minds of many and caused me to lose,” he added.
Shillong: The Supercare Hospital, which is one of the private health centres, is located in Demseiniong, Sawlad, Shillong. It is one of the first hospitals in Meghalaya to receive recognition from the National Accreditation Board for Hospitals and Healthcare Providers.
I am not afraid because I have done many great things.
In 2022, there were 2512 cases and in 2023 it has increased to
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) East Jaintia Hills District (HANM) on Tuesday expressed its doubts about the working methods of the Assembly Committee on the Environment. The Ministry of Environment and Forest has granted freedom to mine coal from their quarries in areas that have been certified by the government in 2012 as forest without a permit from the Ministry of Environment and Forest. This shows that the members of the committee are blind to the issue of affecting the waters of the rivers especially the animals that live in the area set aside by the government. Eco sensitive zone in Narpuh district.
The cause of the fire, which destroyed the shop and the house, is not known, but it is believed that there may have been an electrical fault.
Shillong, November 29: A member of the Achik National Liberation Army (ANLA) has surrendered to the police in Resubelpara, North Garo Hills.
Fr.Kitboklang Tyngkan was born on 6th June, 1993 in Mowkyndeng, West Jaintia Hills District.
“As soon as such incidents of killing happened, all the Bangladeshis pointed fingers that they were Khasi, the Khasi were Khasi, and the Bangla newspapers condemned the Khasi,” he said. said Bah Johi Kongwang who speaks the Khasi language, the Sohra language.
“From the first day of the formation of the government, there have been those who have said that this government is not a Temporary or Adhoc Government, it will be a Contractual Government. months or six years, but despite the challenges under the leadership of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, the government is as it is now”.
He said that there are many political parties and religious groups in the state but it is not an easy task to unite them all although their goals are the same. that is to serve.
This means that the family knows and approves of what their daughter is doing.
He served as Chairman of the NEIRBC from 2012 to November
The incident happened last month.
However, these birds face an uncertain future as habitat destruction, pollution and climate change threaten their survival.
“It is up to the Sengbhalang if they have anything, let them explain because when we arrest them, we arrest them for crimes.
The party's goal is to remove the BJP from power in Assam.
The Seiñraij Ialong will once again hold the Sapet Bneiñ (Sohpetbneng) sacrifice, which is one of the rituals of the children of the Raij.
At the end of the day when we stand before the final judgment it will be said of us-“...I tell you, inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my household, I, you have done this for me"Amen.
As the Sengbhalang, it is time for us to unite so that we can achieve various issues of the nation.
His son and the driver of his vehicle, who are Khalistan supporters and Waris Punjab leader De Amritpal Singh, surrendered to the police while Amritpal was under search. Police have seized his Mercedes (SUV).
The crowd cheered and shouted as Dr. Ricky walked out of the car, to shake hands and greet the crowd.
He also mentioned the violation of the Land Transfer Act by allocating land to IAS officers in New Shillong Township at the price of 1 tyngka per square foot and also the sale to non-residents by the Syiem. Marwet Ride.
Earlier, the Minister in charge of Agriculture & Farmers' Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that there are 46 farms including offices, cleaning plants, cleaning houses and farmers' welfare. They have been built in 21 blocks in 10 districts.
How fortunate are the residents of Nongjrong to see such a beauty of nature without having to leave their homes from 2.30 pm, as we who come from Shillong have to leave.
#IndianNavy ’s Swift Response to the Hijacking Attempt of MV Lila Norfolk in the North Arabian Sea.
VPP leaders from (Ardent,,Ricky) want to change the way of giving birth to the mother of the Hynniewtrep people.
Honorable MLA, I request you all to apply for AMIMS so that you can get seats only for those in the state.
He wished these soldiers all the best in their service to the country.
The fight against tobacco was organized in collaboration with the Ministry of Health, Ministry of Education and Sambandh Health Foundation.
Shillong, Lber 22 : After the death of I Love You Talang, Meban Talang, his brother-in-law, has committed a crime of shocking and shocking the people by killing an elderly man from the Mynsngat village, West Jaintia Hills.
Arkini Laloo scored two goals for Para-I in the 43rd minute and Bantei Shylla in the 59th minute.
It is not the first time for Shibun Lyngdoh, President of the party, to address a meeting in Shella constituency, but it is understood that there will be many more meetings for him to visit the constituency in the future.
According to Bah Khotkupar Lyngdoh Nongum, in an interview with the media a few hours after he lodged a complaint at the office of the Superintendent of Police, Riangmang. The infection of the people who ate the meat he sold started on 28th June 2024 and after the infection they went to Mairang for medicine and the doctors said that the infection was caused by food but these The people after that went to get medicine from the kobiraij.
Shillong, November 15: Employees of the Office of the Commissioner of Customs (Preventive) Shillong, under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Finance, Government of India, have received detailed information from the intelligence agencies that there is a smuggling of Police have seized a Maruti EECO Van from Diengpasoh on Tuesday to steal foreign gold from a vehicle heading to Barpeta.
He said that those politicians, who don't know how to cheat, so their election strategy is very poor or what we can say, that justice doesn't work well in politics, while those who know how to cheat. They are successful in politics or win elections regularly.
“I am surprised that the same person who when he was the Prime Minister was strongly opposed to the implementation of the ILP but now he has changed his mind only because he is in the Opposition,” he said. Mr. Prestone.
Shillong, July 20 : The Sonapyrdi Tunnel in Narpuh East Jaintia Hills has been forced to pass through the Sonapyrdi Tunnel in Narpuh East Jaintia Hills.
Police said they have received information about the incident and are investigating to arrest the suspects.
After this, the village guarded the village to check the illegal entrants, although they claimed to come to the houses of their relatives.
The number of cases of coronavirus in India has risen rapidly and experts have strongly criticized the ICMR department of the state government, which has admitted that there is no case of the disease in the country.
He said it took him up to six months to complete the report after 20 hearings.
The government has said that contributing to terrorists, whether forced or voluntary, is also illegal and punishable by up to 14 years in prison without any fine. It also announced that those who violate may also have their bank accounts closed, property confiscated and others.
Development projects that will improve the overall well-being of the people, whether in terms of income, education and others, which will improve the mental health of the people.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma will be the chief guest at the opening ceremony to be held at the State Convention Centre, Shillong on 21st November, 2023 at 1:30 pm. afternoon.
The DC also called on all the residents to cooperate with the village leaders in the upcoming Lok Sabha Election, so that it will be smooth and clean.
Young people who realize that they are not good at reading, choose others to be trained whether it is in construction or cooking and so on.
He said that the lack of a law to ban the formation of MDCs is the reason for the change in the rule of law in KHADC. “If you get a taxi, you want a sumo and if you get a sumo, you want a truck,” he said.
Joydeep Bamon (63) scored the first goal for Mukhla Raij to win the title and qualify for the semifinals of the 1st Division this season.
And now come, Moses, and I will send thee unto Pharaoh, that thou mayest bring forth my people the children of Israel out of Egypt.
About 115 members of the ruling parties from across the North East, including Meghalaya, came to take part in the tournament.
The death toll has risen to 30 from Israeli shelling, nine of whom were from the same house in Rafah. today, from parts of Gaza, where they claimed to have destroyed many of the Hamas hideouts built in the north.
Speaking on the occasion, he urged the two teams to play well and fight with the spirit of determination to achieve their goal. team to the goal of victory.
How else could I have reached this clear? One of the things I remember most about my childhood was the loud voice of my mother when she prayed to God every morning.
B Khongsdam scored seven goals and two hat tricks in the 24th, 29th, 61st, 63rd, 65th and 70th minutes, while J Khyriem scored two goals in the 5th and 70th minutes. 11th minute and B Rynjah scored in the 44th minute.
Meanwhile, Subrata Murmu of United Sports Club of Kolkata scored the first goal 10 minutes after Lajong opened the scoring in the 33rd minute.
The DM Ri Bhoi has declared these two areas as Containment Zones after some people from these areas have been affected by the Covid-19 pandemic. .
This program was successful through the large number of participants.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, said that the fear is not only among the family members, but even the religious leaders, but the government urges them not to be afraid, because the government will provide personal protective equipment (PPEs) for all persons involved in these incidents.
The residents of the area said that it is true that the Assam police have not been allowed to work and have threatened to arrest the workers and even the residents if the work does not work. continue after they cancel.
From the 1st of November, the fighting time will be from 3:45 pm.
They are indeed words, which have a biria, but at the same time, they are words that carry meaning, which are very bright, which are also words of parable.
The President of the Mawkhar Christian Allumini Association (MCAA), Bah Jwatbor S Cajee, said that the meeting on Saturday was to assist the school in terms of the expenses for the celebration. sun.
“I am grateful to take part in the installation of Most Reverend Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh as the new Archbishop of Shillong Archdiocese, elected by the Holy Father @Pontifex.
On the 26th June, 2023, during the consultation meeting, the KHADC received information that the TTAADC has recognized the Khasi-Pnars in the State as ethnic minorities and has placed memorial photographs. The KHADC has decided to search for the Khasi-Pnars in the Museum the next day as a sign of support and encouragement to their brothers and sisters. to other tourism programs.
She said that many nurses suffer from illnesses due to overwork.
The two Congress MDCs are Carnes Sohshang from Mawkyrwat and Batskhem Ryntathiang from Mairang.
On the other hand, these leaders urged the various government departments and even the contractors to think about the state by providing the necessary documents when bringing in the construction materials. “If we allow foreign workers without proper documents, who will take responsibility for any tragic incident,” said the leaders.
In the darkness of thought he imagined one by one what was behind that statement.
He said that according to his information, the term of office of Bah Passah as BDO of Mawshynrut has not reached three years and the opening of Muliang Block has not completed even 10 years.
There have been 61,000 new cases of covid-19 in India in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of cases to 31 lakh.
This happened while Conrad was responding to a Call Attention Notice on reports that Meghalaya is the poorest state in India.
In these days, it has been seen that the issue has turned colorful and that color is that if the metor drivers are expelled from the area, where they are now, it will be the greatest insult and the violations of their human rights and therefore, they must take action, whether it reaches the ears of the Prime Minister, or even to a higher authority.
The MDCs alleged that there has been misuse of Council funds and that the salaries of the employees have not been paid for 20 months, including the bills of contractors and others.
“Even after the second test, the result of the man was negative and no antibody has been found in the body of the man. " said Dr. War.
It is to be recalled that Bah Poland Sohphoh, a retired officer from KHADC, has already expressed his desire to apply for ticket from the UDP. He said that many UDP supporters are ready to apply for tickets but it is not easy for the MLA to take a decision alone.
Jesus was so angry that he was hungry like a man, that's when Jesus cursed the fig tree and said, “May no one ever eat fruit from you again.
On the occasion, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the MLAs should not create ethnic differences as the government has not had any such intention but it has to follow the rules.
The Sub-Divisional Officer (Election), Amlarem Sub-Division, Amlarem, as part of the Systematic Voter's Education & Electoral Participation (SVEEP) programme, on 12th June held a 'Vote for Democracy Expo 2024, at Thangbuli Community Hall from 10 am.
They are also those who understand and forgive their mistakes especially in their inability to raise their children.
These are the states where a Maruti Alto has no registration number.
Weinstein will face up to 23 years in prison for raping Mimi Haleyi, a filmmaker he worked with in 2006 and then raping her. Jessica Mann, the most beautiful actress in
The karate competition was launched from 29th to 31st November 2023, and with the glorious victory of the children it shows that the State has many talented youths in the sport.
Martin Luther wrote in a letter to John Hess (1527) during the pandemic: “Dear friend.
These honors not only symbolize the highest level in achievements and is also a recognition of hard work and contribution.
“If Lambha has confessed, we shouldn't write superstition like that,” said Bah Shylla.
He said that as a candidate he puts forward the students, employees, youth and teachers in private schools.
Shillong Lajong were in danger after Ahlawat received a red card for throwing a Mawkhar player into the box in the second half.
The people of the state have known this, they know well that PM Narendra Modi has come into their lives, so the people themselves want to bring a two-engine government in Meghalaya as well.
Three shops whose goods have been seized by the KHADC have been seized by the Enforcement Police. .
In the struggle and war with the holy angels and the angels of Satan with him they were defeated.
Because in the case of people who are sick, who don't have the strength, who don't have the strength to learn, even the villagers rely on the decision of the doctor.
She said that the CSWO will not interfere with the investigation but will seek the documents through RTI and would be pleased to appreciate if the Women Commission will issue an impartial report by taking and telling the facts. .
The Superintendent of Police (SP) East Khasi Hills in a statement sent to the media, said that police have registered a case on the incident and the investigation is ongoing to identify the suspects. involved in this work.
With this initiative, the government has also introduced and implemented many policies such as the Chief Minister Safe Motherhood Scheme which aims to reduce the maternal mortality rate in the state.
In another order, Satyanarayan Jiwan Ram, Police Bazaar has been closed today and will be temporarily closed for the purpose of searching for those who have been in contact with a person who has been infected with corona virus. go to this place.
He speaks many languages ​​and can communicate well with different people.
This implementation will help teachers to monitor their teaching strategies, and assist them in improving their teaching methods.
“Just for the sake of dividing constituencies, you are ready to gather the CEMs of the three ADCs, are you ready to gather the CEMs of the three ADCs for the purpose of improving, strengthening and empowering the “It is based on the 6th Scheduled of the Constitution,” said the MDC of Jaiaw, who is from KHNAM. in the KHADC Dorbar, regarding the prohibition of non-indigenous people to participate in the election of members to these ADCs, according to the characteristics of region, language, culture and others. However, this should not create any misunderstanding or that there are those who take advantage of the political situation in Ri Hynniewtrep, said the statement.
The work of leaving is not done.
It was one day that Banrilang went to the market with her mother.
The group stage winners include Goa, Delhi, Manipur, Assam, Services and Maharashtra, as well as the three runners-up (Kerala, Mizoram and Railways). ), along with three teams that have already qualified, Arunachal Pradesh (the host state), as well as last season's champions Karnataka and Meghalaya.
Pius Marweiñ of Ranikor won with 16502 votes against Martin M.Danggo of BJP with 5649 votes. 10853, Mighter Marweiñ won 3055 votes.
We can come to know God through the things he has made on earth.
The Deputy Sordar of Diengpasoh Pyllun, Bah Seibor Sana, said that the allegation of HANM is only a propaganda against the village leader and the village as a whole and misleads many churches.
"It is to be recalled that before reaching the goal, the team has started the selection trial which will be held from 4th to 5th July, 2024, followed by the Coaching cum Selection Camp. from 6-17 July, 2024, where 25 talented youngsters have been selected to represent Meghalaya.
“According to my research, Ri-Bhoi District is rich in siej rñai and skhen and I have also found that only siej rñai is produced well in the villages of the country. -Bhoi District and Umden, Marngar alone export about 7000 tonnes of siej per day and all the siej goes directly to Assam. “It is after the incense sticks have been properly cleaned,” said Bah Bipul, adding that it is after the discovery of this variety that is suitable for the production of incense sticks. The company has started producing bamboo sticks in 2022 at Myrdon Nongbah village in various sizes.
Of these, 71 have been confirmed.
The Special Judge, POCSO, has sentenced Arnab Lamin to 10 years imprisonment for involvement in rape.
“Earlier, the President of the Governing Body, Rev. CC Syiem, the Principal, Rev. Dr. BL Syiem, Prof. Esther Syiem, and Bah P. Kharshiing, Head of the Khasi Author Society (KAS) and others who were invited laid flowers at the statue of Rev.Dr.John Roberts which is located on the ground floor of the school.
He said that the Dorbar Shnong Mawpun Kshaid strongly condemns the NPP-led MDA government for destroying all the job card workers as this scheme is a great support and blessing to the villages to get jobs. development and especially in the employment of the people, but unfortunately many of the Dorbar Shnongs are facing difficulties even in the completed works.
It aims to establish strong partnerships to enable access to finance, relevant technologies and access to large markets.
Jowai, November 10: Once again, the Beh deiñkhlam, the religious festival of the Niamtre people of the Raij Jowai, has come again.
It is worth mentioning that all the markets in Ri Bhoi District have already been opened to the public, from Umsning, Nongpoh, Umden and Byrnihat, but only Mawhati Market, which is the market which has been opened to the public. Under the Khyrim Syiemship, it has not yet been opened to the public and this has caused a great loss not only to the market dwellers, but also to the people in the area as a whole.
After completing the Khad-ar class, she continued her studies at the Bashilor in the field of Science as she had started.
The MPHRC calls upon all the people especially those villages who have experienced this incident to find ways and means to ensure peace and order so that those who have been involved in this incident will not become Langknia. through any strikes that may still be ongoing.
There were 70 soldiers in the operation, with well-trained dogs and robots, to prevent explosives from suicide bombers. long beit “Kem im not shot dead beat”.
However, as usual, the Congress party does not allow others to come forward except those whom it wants.
Shillong: U Bernard Marak, Leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Meghalaya and MDC of Tura constituency, was granted bail on Tuesday. month.
In the year of the election of the new Doloi, there were discussions here and there, which raised questions about the origin and establishment of the Rymbai Elaka.
Kharagpur: The Chief Minister of West Bengal, Mamata Banerjee, today said that she will not allow the implementation of the NRC and the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill in the state. He said that he will not allow any West Bengal citizen to become a foreigner.
Meghalaya tried to play well in the batting with Raj scoring 21 runs and Nakul Verma (guest player) scoring 23 off 21 balls.
“We cannot wait because the task is serious and it involves the life and death of the indigenous people,” said Bah Joe.
Other parties include BJP candidate from Nongpoh, Marian Maring, VPP candidate from Umsning, Dr. Ricky J. Syngkon, PDF candidate from Mawhati, Roswell Shadap and Forecasting Nongrang. He has announced that he will contest from Jirang Constituency.
It has held a full day festival in Nongpoh which will end on the 9th of July.
The wicket taker for West Hills was I.Dkhar who scored 2/1
Guns are less dangerous," he said.
It is to be recalled that the state government's plan to implement the entry point at Umling is also the demand of various political parties in the state. Line Permit as a goal to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners, in which Bah Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah who opened the Entry Point, said that the opening of the Entry Point The Entry Point and Facilitation Center is only the beginning of the government's implementation although there are still many shortcomings but the government is ready to accept suggestions to improve the gate so that it will be more convenient for the people. and that foreigners should not have any fear when entering the state, but only need to register themselves and provide the necessary documents.
I don't trust the KSU except the KSU.
“Sohan should consider the invitation and become one of the members to join the social agreement with the government to open the door to peace and security of the people and members of the party,” he said. ANVC(B) Publicity Secretary Doang D Shira said in a statement.
The employees are also angry with the GHADC which they alleged that it has paid the bills of the contractors while their salaries are not available. In fact, he said that the Council pays only for urgently needed works.
For those who have passed, next year is the new year, but for those who have failed, next year will be the old year or the same year in their studies. .
The DC said that there has been an attempt to take away the key from the driver so that he cannot play chess.
The last month is the time when the beast will make a covenant with Israel is the time when the Jews will receive a command from the false Christ to build the Third Temple, it is a time of trouble the most that has ever happened.
You don't hear that people here praise us for sending our children abroad to study,” said the mother.
Byrnihat Police have registered a case and are conducting investigation. Police have registered a case and are conducting investigation. They also took their colleagues to the scene for investigation into the incident.
The race will be held on the 5th July 2024 at 7:00 pm.
Nongpoh: U KJ Alphones, Minister of State for Tourism, today visited Byrnihat, which is also the day of the BJP Jirang Mandal. The BJP candidate from Jirang Constituency, Bah Badhok Nongmalieh, has launched a campaign rally at Madan Byrnihat.
Since the 1980s, the Government has recognized Them Ïew Mawlong as an illegal slum colony and has issued an order to ban illegal residents. The Guwahati High Court in 1986 suspended the order on a complaint by the Harijans who protested against the government authorities.
Speaking more about the incident, this reporter spoke to one of the neighbors of the deceased, Banisha Mary Syiemiong. Prick Mukhim, Rangbah Shnong, Jes and Lyndum, the son of the Rangbah Shnong, were involved in the shooting.
Last month, seven members and a minor were arrested from East Khasi Hills.
On the other hand, the union demands from the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, the state to urge the Dorbar Shnongs to allow drivers to enter their villages, otherwise the union will stop transporting Umphniang from Assam.
Dkhar said the DC has said that there are about 365 cases and most of them have returned to their home state and only 77 cases remain.
“I hope that this pre-election struggle will stop until after the election, because foreign parties will continue to fight at the last minute,” he said. synjor because you are strong.
“Look at this issue, if you asked me in 1947 or 1950 when the Constitution came out, the decision was important.
Why I say this, the reason is that many people take advantage by buying at low prices from farmers and selling them elsewhere at high prices and this causes something unpleasant and it is unpleasant and also a nuisance to farmers and buyers.
All the injured were taken to Dawki PHC for treatment.
Social media such as Facebook can help reduce anxiety, doubt and stress.
According to the contractor, the video which has been circulated on social media is part of the road he has constructed near the Meghalaya Police Public School. The road has been constructed during the rainy season and therefore, the color that the workers have cleaned and cleaned does not hold the stones anymore, which causes the color to escape even after cleaning. by the Road Roller.
This scheme has really changed the lives of the villagers in the state.
That's why until these days the mobile phone doesn't leave the body.
The roads in England have caused a lot of anger to the drivers, but even if the drivers are angry, they have to earn money, as if the forecast is written, because when the vehicle breaks down on the road. The Council has paid at a reasonable price to repair the vehicles that have been damaged on these roads.
By also bringing in OTT Subscription, keeping them safe, and being able to work according to their lifestyle, we have been able to bring in those lifestyle options. relevant to the users of these services today.
Speaking to reporters, an elderly man said that the incident happened in many markets of East Jaintia Hills but the worst was in Sutnga market.
However, the Meghalaya government has refused to accept the Act as most of the areas which still fall under Jaintia Hills, Ri-Bhoi and West Khasi Hills have been transferred to Karbianglong, Kamrup (metro) and Kamrup districts of Assam. .
He said that the Congress under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma has not been able to fulfill the aspirations of the people, even though it is the party of the people in the state and for this reason, the NPP will be the party. I'm going to bujli in your place.
The Chief Guest on this occasion will be Bah Vincent Pala MP and the Chief Guest will be Paiem P. Syiemlieh of Khadsawphra Hima.
Hooid, although these temporary development projects have brought benefits to foreigners, isn't it true that the owners of the parks or private companies have received them only as a gift? bai chuni?Is the Hynniewtrep people not worried or trying to think and see far? Although it is difficult to answer this question, it is necessary to ask everyone, “Don't the future generations have the right to use coal, oil or coal along with other natural resources for their future needs? .
As a player and coach, Baneerjee was part of the Indian team that won the gold medal at the 1962 Asian Games. In 1990, he was considered one of the top scorers in India's history.
“What we have seen is only the distribution of assistance to sports clubs, associations and the promotion of sports that are not Olympic sports,” said the athletes.
The Government has assured that it will provide adequate security forces to the banks for this purpose.
When asked whether the UDP will seek the support of the National People's Party (NPP), which is currently in government, Bah Metbah said, “They have not yet discussed anything but whoever wants to give their support. them, the organization is ready to accept.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today gave 10 days to foreigners to leave a fish farm where they used to work. Theft in the weighing of the sale of fish to the fishermen.
Shillong:"The VPP has been condemned and opposed by some individuals and groups for demanding that the MDA-2 government should review and revise the reservation policy and immediately suspend the implementation of the VPP. “The roster system while waiting for the report of the survey is unfortunate, unexpected and unfair,” said the VPP. It is an issue that affects nationalism but it should not be a stumbling block to peaceful thinking.
From the dress code, food, drink, dance, furniture, household items and others, the KHADC has decided to be one of the ways to enrich the country. and to revive the extinct and lost cultures of the Khasi Hima.
Shillong, July 28: The Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) has inaugurated a park near OB Shopping Mall in Khyndai Lad.
Babikian said the robbers assaulted him when he was about to open the front door of the store that day.
At the same time, according to reports by the Deputy Chief Minister, Bah Prestone Tynsong, that only highly skilled persons will be allowed to bring in foreign workers, but now it has become a shambles. The road is less than 15 km long and has 26 employees.
The construction started in April, 2016 and was completed in June, 2019 at a cost of T.228.53 lakh.
In addition to the indigenous languages, there are also languages ​​that have emerged in society from the people through the ages which are indigenous languages ​​and which have a strong meaning. In the new age, as the word for sopti- which refers to the jaiñ sop kti, soplun- refers to the jaiñ sop from the neck to the feet, which is placed in the sky, there is also the word tohmet. ju ong ka lun, liengsuiñ- refers to the ship that flies in the air, lyntang- refers to the lynter tree that is strong, dieng pynïar- refers to the tree that grows in the sky, kynroh- refers to the dewbilat - the soil brought from abroad, diengkot - the short lynter tree, thyrnia - the thir ksai, plakot- refers to a plate made of paper and a plate carrying books, korsuhjaiñ - refers to a plate made of cloth, sairusom - refers to a plate made of rusom, kotkudi - refers to khiewranei - refers to the earthquakes from Larnai, liangthar - refers to a clean plate, lyngknot - refers to a lyngkhot tree that makes a knor to sit on, motdur-ka thew ia a mot that has a sudden shape, sohshkor- ka thew a golden or silver earring that stands or hangs in the ear, and so on.
However, looking at the performance of the PWD department in these days, it can be said that it has failed in its performance.
“I am not a selfish person,” said Bah Titos, adding that after the Bill receives the seal of the Governor, he will be responsible for arranging the writing system in the jait ka kur.
The height of this Mawlyngdoh is covered with soil and the elders of Nongsynrieh village since decades ago used to plant phang and riewhadem on this stone.
“All the players were delighted to arrive in Riyadh and also to take part in the Hero Santosh Trophy.
They were asked to refrain from talking to people and were not allowed to stand in public places.
On the same issue, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council Nongtrai Area Unit, has written a letter demanding the upgradation of the Umsohpieng Sub-Centre as a PHC for the people of Nongtrai.
Diseases such as jaundice, cholera, ascariasis, ringworm, scabies and others can be spread by eating unclean and uncooked food, drinking unclean water or living in unhealthy places. Well.
In the first semi final match between Mawreng SC and Umphyrnai SC at 2 pm, Umphyrnai SC won by 10 goals.
The High Court said that the complainants have shown that the illegal mining and transportation of coal is still going on and the government authorities have not done anything.
You have seen now how they use the land of our country, they want only our wealth.
However, in the new government, it has been suspended to introduce the Khalai Act in the state but it is surprising that at the Melas, the Khalai Games have been held.
If the owners of houses and land, Rangbah Shnongs and the people blindly accept this law, it will be like throwing a stick at themselves.
He said this means that all children should have opportunities according to their choices and abilities.
He said that the party also has a role to play in the development of the youth who are facing many difficulties and hardships. The TMC has been registered in 57 constituencies and has invited the people to join the party. The TMC has been registered in 57 constituencies. There are only two or three constituencies left which will be able to appoint office bearers in the next few months.
This land will be handed over to the municipal and the municipal will take the necessary action regarding its employees.
He said, “It has always been my dream to provide education that is of general benefit and prepares our children to be of benefit to the family, the state and the country as a whole.
However, the RTI Act does not specify why the government has increased the price of sugar.
Who can prove that he is not a Khasi ? In the 1950s and 1960s, when I was in school, I used to sing Sur, Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi and War.
Participants along with teachers from different districts of the state expressed their appreciation for the initiative taken by the RBI to hold such competitions for school children.
“The police have been at war with our people, and we will protect our land and its people by taking any measures.
He said that they should thank and pray to God to free them from such drinks from their lives.
Livison Dkhar Sama, said that the party has been working for a long time in relation to this hospital and the party has decided to continue for the sake of the people. He also recalled that the members of the party on 19th November had gone to remove the signboard which read Civil Hospital Khliehriat and said that the implementation and the writing does not match at all.
Shillong: A fire broke out at around 6:30 pm on Tuesday evening at the New Market in Lad Thalaboh, Jowai.
US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said the drone did not come from Yemen, but confirmed it came from Iran.
The vote on account will be effective from June to November 2021, ahead of the State Assembly elections in Assam.
The CoRP has informed the officer that he should re-appoint these casual laborers and if he cannot appoint them, he should suspend them all, so that there will be no discrimination against the employees. the office.
Khliehriat, Nailur 13: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of Wapung C&RD Block, which includes the Wapung School and Wapungshnong Dorbar Shnong, on Tuesday expressed its surprise and demanded clarification from the Wapung C&RD Block. The JAC of Wapung C&RD Block, the Dorbar Shnong Wapungskur and the Wapungskur Dorbar Shnong have been relocated to Khliehriat without knowing the reasons or consulting the JAC. Dorbar Shnong Wapung-shnong who have been involved from the beginning and until the introduction of the Wapung C & Block from Khliehriat to the Wapung area.
Tarun said the government should recognize the Khasi Tynrai as minorities in the state so that they can get the benefits as given by the government.
Police have ordered all cities in Paris in the Jewish District to close down and Amedy has threatened to kill all those with him if they do not. The two men who were in the custody of the Kouachi army were released.
Together.
It is worth mentioning that on the day of the test, the Nongmihkhamt of Jirang Constituency, was to confirm whether he has been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. a Nongmihkham who was welcoming when people wanted to meet him and especially that he was a Nongmihkhmat from the area closest to Assam.
The Framework Agreement was signed between the Central Government and the NSCN-IM on 3rd July
Not only that, the quarrying of stones also pollutes the water and causes the death of fish and other aquatic life.
In South West Khasi Hills, there are 2 high risk cases and in West Khasi Hills, 2 cases including one high risk and one policeman.
The Indian Red Cross Society, Meghalaya under the leadership of Bah RG Lyngdoh as Chairman has donated these items.
In East Khasi Hills, 7 cases are at high risk.
“Most of the villagers if they come to the city they say they come to Laban and it is right therefore that the old market and I will tell you that this access to the budget is because they base this like one of the stones," he said.
On arrival at Pohsawiar, the Dolloi of Jowai Elaka, Ma Puramon Kynjing, with a thank you, handed over the klong to the Kñi of the Nikhla Kur to perform the ritual. The Khnong Blai to the Moosyiem Square will be completed by the Kñi of the Nikhla and Pator.
All the parishioners and others are invited to attend the ceremony.
However, he said that the Hima only needs to keep records even if the land owners need their testimony but it cannot issue pata because it is not their land.
About 50 opposition parties from the region have been invited by the Defense Minister, Amit Shah to discuss their opposition to the CAB. The HNLC has expressed its desire to reach peace talks with the Indian and Meghalaya governments.
Wankibha Pohthmi (12), Iowan Challam (16) and Samewan Swer (29) scored the goals for Dulong.
Shillong, Jymmang 1: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has strongly opposed the state government's plan to build a camp within the border of the South West Khasi Hills District.
North Liberty HSS, Jowai, although it is the first batch in Science stream, has done well in which all 30 students who passed the examination passed in the 1st Division except for one who came in the 2nd Division with distinctions. different subject.
There have been concrete efforts to promote stability in the region.
Shillong: Brolding Nongsiej, MLA Mawthadraishan, has been appointed as the new Minister to replace Metbah Lyngdoh, who has been appointed as the Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly.
At the same time, he said that as its members, they should also work on the three 'O's which mean open mind, open heart and open hand.
According to our Khasi belief, we did not come from anywhere on earth, but we came down from heaven through that tangnub tangjri which is a road or bridge. by the Lord God the Creator, when they ascend and descend from heaven to earth and from earth to heaven.
The Governor encouraged the officers in charge of various departments to distribute and deliver the development works equally to all the villages and beneficiaries.
Rymbui said that according to the government's rules, the ratio of schools should be 1:30 for LP Schools, 1:35 for UP Schools and 1:30 for Secondary Schools. and Higher Secondary School.
In South Garo Hills, 18 cases, 19 cases in South West Garo Hills, 25 cases in South West Khasi Hills, 6 cases in Mawlangwir and 16 cases in Mawbidong.
At the same time, the Seng Kur Lyngkhoi Sengkmie demands that the law enforcement agencies and the Mawkyrwat Police Station should investigate these robbers involved in this murder and punish them with life imprisonment. so that such incidents do not occur in the future.
This happened on Thursday at 4:15 pm when a speeding truck (AS 01 RC 1762) collided with a truck (AS 01 RC 1762). The driver of the truck (AS 01 RC 1762) Joynal Abdin Laskar from Assam was temporarily stuck inside the truck.
Many of the Garo people who have been living in West Khasi Hills and Ri-Bhoi for a long time, it is not known where they came from, they are still in Khasi Hills. more like that.
We demand that the government should announce the results as this delay will put pressure on those who are older to reach the overage quickly.
In Guwahati, many fly overs have been conducted within 10 years while in Meghalaya there has been no fly over.
The farmers' jhur market, which is located at the parking lot in Anjalee, will be closed on the same day.
Onana, who worked with Erik ten Hag during their time at Ajax Amsterdam, will be United's second signing following the arrival of Mason. Mount like Chelsea.
BJP MLA from South Shillong constituency Sanbor Shullai declined to comment on the alliance between the NPP and the Congress in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) as the BJP does not have MDCs in the council.
This was announced by the Senior Administrative Secretary of KJPA Rev. SR Dkhar.
Regarding the issue of the Roster System, he said the VPP has raised this issue in the House and the government has listened and is still waiting for a reply. In the coming days, the party will continue to monitor this.
Four people have died, three from East Khasi Hills and one from South Garo Hills.
He also expressed his desire to achieve the goals as soon as possible and to transform this beautiful place in a peaceful and peaceful manner.
Shillong, July 8: The Chairman of the ARPA, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, has slammed the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Siem for having stirred up trouble with the ARPA and the SKRS on the VAB of the KHADC. The CEM's speech in some media outlets has raised the question whether the Governor will listen to the ARPA or the SKRS.
Three persons including a Longkmie, a Rangbah and a young man have died in a tragic incident at Rtiang village in Ri Bhoi district. A bomb exploded at Pyrthat at 3:42 pm this morning.
Therefore, I and my family have decided to provide the best and most accurate service to the residents of Mawlai and to develop Mawlai Village in all aspects”.
Mawkyrwat, July 02: With the passing of the days, many youngsters have started to showcase their talents in whatever field God has placed in them. One of the youths of Mawkyrwat area has been selected to participate in the Khelo India jngi-um competition in Haryana.
When asked for an explanation from the CEO, Chandame said the CEO had informed him that under the rules of the Election Commission of India, there is no law to register villages, but only to register a person.
The Coke was owned by Ma Forgive Dkhar of Sutnga.
The market has been slowly declining, and even during the rainy season, it has been seen that there is no confidence in the places where cassettes are sold.
The ceremony was attended by the Village Ministers, the people and the youth of Ngunraw.
“It's what you said, Mei,” agreed Kynsai.
“So far, the beginning of the talks has taken place under the leadership of our former Vice Chairman.
Maremdor, who used to bowl well among the WJH bowlers, bowled only 4.1 overs, while Namewanki Pakyntein bowled seven overs and took wickets for 4/2
Let us hope that the rain will not come too soon or too late.
The Rangbah Shnong of the Hmar community, who has been in the midst of bloodshed for two months, has warned the residents of the Hmar community to flee the village because other ethnic groups have suspected They were the Meitri, and they came to attack their village.
“The Governor should reconsider the decision.
They also revealed the name of Bah Alfast Bareh, who is the contractor for the management of these securities, who has not taken care to provide the requirements of these securities, whether it is from the method of payment. the salary and many other requirements of these security personnel.
Puramon Kynjing, who has been the Acting Dolloi after the death of TC Rymbai, will take over as the full Dolloi of Jowai District.
The siej, on the other hand, is a lymboit, a lymbiang (without snep) that wants to share with the Hynniewtrep Pansngiat Hynniew Hima to live under the protection of the traw.
He said that NEHUSU and HYC will submit a petition to the State Government to allocate at least 80 percent for the students who are from the state so that it can allow the students to continue their studies. their reading.
In the first half, Sabahmuswang beat Chutwakhu 4-1 with goals scored by Deiwaemitre Shylla in the 10th, 18th and 20th minutes and Syiem Kyndait in the 17th minute.
A nation will be strong or weak because of its families.
He stressed that human dignity is greater than ideology in politics.
Otherwise, the party together with the residents of the area will take another route.
