We as pathar want to know why he disappeared.
It is for this reason that we have seen the rapid growth of the NPP in
The incident happened at 1.30 pm today, when the Shillong Airport authorities were searching for him before he boarded the plane, but at that time, they found him. a 22 round caliber bullet that is still in operation.
With righteousness and wisdom, they should take responsibility to fight against injustice, violence and corruption by private individuals or political parties against the people and minorities.
The conflict has claimed the lives of thousands of people.
Nongpoh, July 29: To create opportunities for the unemployed youth and as part of the employment opportunities, the Aibid Maring Memorial Training Center has conducted the 2nd training. monthly training for young people who do not have to pay for tailoring so that it can become an employment opportunity for young people who do not need to pay for tailoring.
Therefore, we want that after the decision of the Cabinet, it will open the door to increase to 30 percent payment or we will discuss to increase it and there will be no more interest on it and we will complete it. “The remaining money goes to NTPC to clear the delay in payment to NTPC,” he said.
In a letter sent by the union, the union said that since June, 2020, Meghalaya has been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and that it has also caused deaths during the curfew period among other restrictions and rules to prevent the spread of infection.
The following are just a few among the ways as responsible parents :Intimacy : This is one of the most important ways as parents.
In the past I have seen many civil society organizations that support Star Cement for the mining in Brishyrnot. Cement to buy cigarettes to buy a little bit.
On this occasion, the leaders of the Seng Samla have paid tribute to the former leaders of the Seng Samla and the deceased leaders of the Seng Samla.
As has been seen, since Russia began sending troops to Ukraine, there have been many Russian troops as well as Russian citizens who have strongly opposed the The Russian Government's actions and demanded an end to its invasion of Ukraine.
As a nation, we should honor and set a special day for this wise and visionary Rangbah.
Shillong, June 12 : The State Government today gathered all the government officials from various departments to discuss the preparations for the G20 summit which will be attended by leaders from many countries of the world. Shillong to take part in this big event from the 15th of this month.
In addition to the Word of God, the Church also has the Discipleship System (1927 and 1968) which is a book of traditional teachings related to various aspects of the life of believers and society. society.
Reetika, however, defeated Kyrgyzstan's Nurzat Nurtaeva 6-3 but lost 4-5 to Japanese Sumire Niikura in their semifinal.
According to the information received from the Fire Brigade, the damage caused by the incident has reached Rs 12 lakh 56 thousand, but fortunately no casualties were reported.
He said that any attempt to make Bangladeshis like Indians will affect the indigenous people and is against the 6th Scheduled of the Constitution and Article 19 (5) of the Constitution. the government of India.
At the same time, programs will be conducted in districts, blocks and Mandals.
Shillong, Nailur 10: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HSPDP) has decided to hold a public awareness campaign to the people of Khasi Jaintia Hills on the need to introduce the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state. that foreign person.
The program was attended by Front Line Workers including health workers, ASHAs and Aganwadi workers through whom they can spread the message. to the residents of the village on the dangers of drugs, so on this day special explanation was given to these frontline workers to take action to announce to the public so that drugs can not enter the villages. that thaw.
Speaking on the occasion, FASTOM Spokesperson Mayborn Lyngdoh said, “The decision of the Cabinet meeting today is that no teacher here will be happy with this. and we feel that the government has failed us".
Shillong, Naitung 20 : U Minister of State for Education, Lahkmen Rymbui on Tuesday rejected the report that Meghalaya has ranked at the bottom in the country in terms of education. .
We have reached the point where even if we cannot use them properly, we don't want to share them with those who are really poor.
“As soon as the church opened, the faithful came to flock to the service,” said Pastor John MacArthur and started coming by seven, nine thousand.
Pakistan's 3-0 defeat to England in 2021 has also reduced the weight of their games and helped the team to move up India in the table.
Furthermore, the organizers of the tournament encourage the young contestants who need accommodation, especially those who come from far away, in order to inform them of their assistance in getting accommodation.
He said that the residents of Moolamylliang have started planting trees since 18th June 2014 and there has been a rapid increase in the growth and well-being of the tree seedlings. Many kinds of flowers including trees, plants and other plants were planted. It can be said that it is through the initiative of the Dorbar Shnong and the hard work of the residents that the Moolamylliang has become an oasis of East Jaintia Hills District. There is a saying that Moolamylliang has become an oasis in East Jaintia Hills District.
The chief guests who attended the function were the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem, the President and General Secretary of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Rgh O. Pyngrope, Rgh Hainess Marbaniang, senior leaders. The Seiñ Raij Shillong and its office bearers, members of the Joint Committee (JPK) of the Seng Khasi Kmie, relatives from the elderly, the elderly, the women, the youth, women and men and so on. even from early childhood.
Speaking on the occasion, the Secretary to Livestock, Government of Meghalaya, SC Sadhu said that livestock farming has increased in Meghalaya in recent days and milk production has also increased. rise.
“Since 2014, the government has allowed through the Ministry of Fertilizer to provide urea and fertilizers for the planting of their vegetables, but later the government led by Dr Mukul Sangma has suspended this in the name of the Organic Mission.
The Imam was rescued by two men when he called for help.
To achieve this goal, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has called upon the community to support TB patients. Nikshya Mitra or supporters include Cooperative Societies, Cooperatives, leaders, private sector, cooperatives, political parties that can provide support to TB patients to end TB by
In this regard, JACATAM has requested the MLAs to take action to implement their demand to introduce better and more comfortable working conditions for teachers by taking over all the teaching posts.
“If you don't have a by-election in Mawsynram, you don't go to Ranikor, you don't go to Pynthorumkhrah constituency.
He has committed corruption by standing on the side of the government which has been accused of corruption and trying to cover it up.
Shillong, Lber 10: The roads in the state have turned bad after the adoption of the National Highway (NH) by the Government of India, said the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma in the Legislative Assembly today. the day of Hatmaja.
And the greatest honor that we can give to the soldiers who fought against the French and to honor those who took part in the construction of this road, is that we celebrate the 4th of April every year. year as Khasi National Awakening Day and also by struggling to maintain the road and surrounding areas from Mawphlang to Rangiar and Laittyra to Sohbar as the most appropriate memorial for them.
It won't even take a year," he added.
“The Motphran area has always been the epicenter of all the protests.
Wanlam Pyrtuh scored the goals for PSA in the 18th minute and Elezer Bareh in the 35th minute while Iobiang Rymbai scored for Sailung Ialong in the 16th minute.
The two victims are from Ampher village under Jorobat Police Outpost, Assam.
How do they want to improve and promote education without thinking first of the teachers who are the founders of education? If this is the case, it is necessary for various civil society organizations to take action on this issue related to education because if the civil society takes action on these issues, the government will ILP, CAA, MRSSA, etc. Otherwise, education in our state will decline slowly over the years and we will not be able to convince the politicians as we see the issues of ILP, CAA, MRSSA, etc. Still remained backward even in the midst of this rapid development of this technological world of this technological age.
These buses will be handed over to any group or agency by the government so that they can run smoothly.
The amount allocated and released by the Government of Meghalaya since 2012-2013 is T.7,80,25,750 crore.
Nongpoh: The Enforcement Police of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today raided the city of Nongpoh to collect trading licenses from foreign shops in Nongpoh.
The true voice of the people shouts, 'O Khynriam, O Pnar, O Bhoi, O War, O Lyngam, O Haharam' for there is no rympei to ksan and to win in the council nearby, because even in the first council there is no way to fulfill all; therefore be united, and choose one chief to lead you at the head.
The main objective of this program is to provide information to these entrepreneurs in those areas so that they can have the opportunity to express their concerns regarding financial assistance from banks and to also encouraged through a couple of areas of dialogue between the groups involved.
However, the police immediately arrested them and took them to jail for further investigation.
The KSU has also expressed suspicion that these people may have received documents from Ampati Village, South West Garo Hills District.
Regarding the MLA's ability to help clean up the area, the management of St. Jude Secondary School and also from 12mer Umpher village, praised the MLA, for being able to clean up the area. help with the basic needs in the community.
When asked whether the demand for Khasi Jaintia will be included in the VPP manifesto, Ardent said, “When I was in the HSPDP, it was a party that spoke well of Khasi Jaintia. The need for Khasi Jaintia but if you look closely that as a party at that time we were not ready to demand a state and as now in the VPP we will not include this issue because we don't believe that the problems that arise in the VPP The state cannot be solved by dividing the state but as the VPP we believe that there are other ways to achieve the coexistence of the two ethnic groups in Meghalaya.
In a letter to the Chief Secretary, it was stated that even the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of South Garo Hills has given his approval as the Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) has been issued on 29th June the coal was collected in Gasuapara.
It was also admitted that on these incidents, there was a meeting of the police chiefs, on 12th July 2021, where they decided to dismiss Bah Cherish.
“If we cannot sell our goods within this month, these goods including jhur, jhep, soh ki pai and other goods will rot and will cause losses to the traders,” said Paila.
The KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit Led by KS Suchiang, President Deibormi Dkhar, General Secretary in the presence of the land owners and accompanied by KSU District Unit Leaders Ohibait Dkhar, Garland S Manner, General Secretary, and Shaniahskhem Dkhar Assistant Finance Secretary.
“Heaven is my throne, and earth is my footstool” (Acts 7:49).
He said that the distribution of these Solar Study Lamps is part of the efforts to help the school children to use them during the time of electricity shortage, so that their studies will not be interrupted. bad dkoh.
Along with him, another youth was killed when a government bullet went through his house and stabbed him.
If something happens to our country and nation, there is no need to complain or blame anyone else.
“From the first day we have already expressed that we will work with all the parties in the Opposition on issues related to the state and the people,” said Bah Ardent.
After these two, Sanjeet, the Asia 2021 champion, from Services defeated Naman Tanwar of Railways in the heavyweight category 86-92kg by a majority of points.
However, the leading leaders of these people who used to fight against the people, even though there are only a few of them, are still fighting against this good intention of the village headmen.
Many of the foreign contractors who work in the NHIDCL have left because they have been charged too much money and they understand that they will not earn anymore if they take over the road construction work here in Meghalaya.
Tension : the meaning of tension, the tension of thought; lynga pisa is not worried without knowing anything.
After the completion of these roads, it will greatly improve the income of the people and also provide comfort in the case of illness and death.
Trade groups such as CII, FICCI, ASSOCHAM and income experts have also been invited to give their views on the impact on income if elections are held at the same time. .
Another indication of the knowledge of the chefs is the presentation of the food.
He said that after the impact of COVID-19, the residents are in dire need of assistance so that they can start small or petty businesses.
According to Phlaisibon, at about 10 pm this morning, while she was farther away from her house to buy something from the village shops, suddenly someone informed her that her house had been destroyed. campfire.
Regarding the Commission's decision, many service associations have written to the Commission to revive the scheme, on the grounds that in the past 10 years, many households have been affected by the scheme. the scheme has been implemented.
After the meeting with the Chief Minister, the MLPSCA leaders alleged that the Chief Minister, instead of listening to their concerns, has accused the government of The teachers' concerns have been addressed.
The youth of this age also have a unique and unique understanding that the fields and gardens that are still fertile can easily be maintained by giving or taking. comprehensive and comprehensive safety measures.4.
Leston, who left the party in the last MLA election, contested as an independent candidate from Shella constituency after losing the Congress ticket against Jrop.
The Minister said that these gangs get their weapons from the India-Bangladesh border.
He lost the Dkhar votes for the sake of the country and the people.
According to a statement from the IGP GHP Raju, on the night of the 25th of this month at 9:30 pm, the Incharge of Kharkutta Out Post, Shri SI N. Ray, informed the SP of North Garo Hills. Hills Ramesh Singh said that at 8:40 pm, the driver of his vehicle reported that he heard gunshots in Rajasimla, about 2 kilometers from Kharkutta OP. Ray together with the police rushed to Rajasimla and when they reached Konchikol he said he saw a Yamaha RX-100 motorcycle without number plate lying lyngkrang on the ground. ground and just a few kilometers from the scene of the motorcycle he said there were two people lying on the ground.
Manika Batra (WR39) has been reinstated by the Bengaluru Smashers; Asian Games Rnong medalist Manav Thakkar will continue his career with Mumba TT. seven sports teams; Bengaluru Smashers, Chennai Lions, Dabang Delhi TTC, Goa Challengers, Puneri Paltan Table Tennis and Mumba TT. Teams can select up to 2 managers for their team and the focus is now on forming a seven-player team for the upcoming season through the The training program will be held in Mumbai next month.
Our land has to be taxed and there is no longer a village governance system, where the chairman will be elected, while the secretary will be appointed by the government and the elections will be conducted by the Deputy Commission.
So he who is born once, only in the flesh, dies twice.
While states like Jharkhand have benefited from the abundance of this mineral resource in their areas, Meghalaya will benefit greatly from this abundant mineral resource.
Tura: The State Government has announced that it will fully appoint those teachers of Lower Primary Schools who have not yet received their salaries from the Government from now on.
Rocky Hek is ready to contest against AL Hek from the NPP in the 2023 MLA election.
don't shaw your spirit.
There are 3000 candidates who have completed the personal interview in November this year who are competing for more than 2700 posts including UB/AB/SI/SF-1
On the other hand, the President of Pynursla Unit, Samla Inosen Khongstia, said that there are about 10 non-Khasi households in Lyngkhat, and out of these 10 households, 8 people have been invited by the DC to register their names. , and said that these people are suspected to be Indians, but they have lived in the village for generations before them.
Quina has two sons, the eldest 4 years old and the youngest 7 months old.
The state government has signed an agreement with the KPC Group of Kolkata to set up the Shillong Medical College under a Public-Private-Partnership (PPP).
The committee said that the government has purchased these drugs without consulting the Directorate of Health Services (MI) which has resulted in the loss of crores of rupees due to the careless distribution of the drugs.
The father also strictly advised him to be obedient.
"The General Secretary of the HYC Roykupar Synrem said that the HYC strongly condemns Tathagata Roy for his statements in these days which show that this person is speaking without any knowledge and maybe he has deficiency in his intellect.
During the break to pull the cross, it was seen that the man, took off his coat and threw it on top of the cross, while trying to pull it from the bottom, where the cross was erected.
The Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum (KJCLF) and the Presbyterian Women's Fellowship (PWF-PCI) on Thursday strongly condemned the violence against women in Manipur.
At the same time, the Minister said that from 2004 to 2014, there have been 11121 bloodshed incidents in the North East.
The patrolled areas include near HK Singh SS, Riat Sasim Road, Amlarem Road, Wah Nongbah Road, Pohsku Road, Police Point and Kiang Nangbah Road. The entrance to Ladthalaboh was banned and the By-Pass road was used to leave Shillong.
To send a message on the importance of wearing masks to prevent the spread of COVID-19, the Dorbar Shnong Madankynsaw-Mowkyndeng has celebrated a Mask Day on Sunday at Mowkyndeng Village, West Jaintia Hills District.
The new jain phong is very comfortable but after using it it doesn't feel comfortable anymore but there is something else that is too old even if you don't have it.
San, the problem in Shillong is that we don't have an Urban Governance Council.
"When there are many wise and intelligent people, the world (the State) lives, when there is a King (MLA/CM) who doesn't care about the people" (Proverbs 6:24).
Jowai, November 7: Dr. Amit Sen Gupta (MBBS), Consultant (OBGYN) at UNDP-UNV Geneva, Bhutan, Government of Malaysia and Member of Parliament.
In this incident, a friend of the Waheh Shnong managed to escape, but the Waheh Shnong was shot and seriously injured.
Wasa FC took the lead in the 37th minute through Threebirth Momin and Wasa almost scored three points but Selsella managed to turn the tide. minute of play.
The 30-year-old has made 17 appearances and six appearances as a substitute.
Behdeinkhlam and Jwai were born in Han.
Chengsrang S Marak scored 3/2
““The promises made by the Congress have already been implemented by the Prime Minister in the State and in the country as a whole.
This year on 13th July 2016 under the leadership of the Waheh Shnong.
“Aibullin Mylliem and her mother, Elphida Mylliem, don't believe in the laws of the village, and they cut down the farmland from 10 acres to 50 acres. “I don't accept it at all,” said Chesterwell Sohtun in an interview with the media.
He said that these aspirations cannot be achieved once, but I will try my best to achieve the aspirations and expectations of the people especially this time I have been able to work with the government for the for the benefit of the people of Nongpoh Constituency and Ri-Bhoi as a whole and requested the people to cooperate for the development works.
Even so, many parents listen carefully even though they are secretly involved.
Naorem Mahesh scored the seventh goal in the 85th minute.
He said that the illegal smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh, the efforts to ensure that the meat sold in the market is of good quality, they have been silent but they have done a lot of work on this issue where the central government has not done anything. There is no role in banning, because it is the responsibility of the state government.
The income gap has increased to the point where the poor can no longer afford it.
These are very important because the Examination Department keeps records in these databases,” said the union.
There are 343 cases in Dhaka Division alone, 203 in government hospitals and 119 in private hospitals.
Speaking to reporters, Kynta said, “The IO who investigated Bah Rymbai, PS Paul Choudhury (DSP CID), has violated the law without the permission of the court”.
He said that as it turns out, the people still trust and love his father, and they don't have any reservations and this is the hope to make him win this time.
Deputy Commissioner of WJH, Arum Kumar Kembhavi, SDO Amlarem, BDO Amlarem, BSF officials from Shillong and all those who arrived in Shillong via Tamabil Dawki were present. Khliehriat and the BSF Jazz Bandh also came to welcome the Bangladeshi officials.
The aim of Aspire Meghalaya is to train students in many fields before they start looking for jobs, and also to encourage them to develop their skills so that they can become involved in the the and various schemes of the State Government.
"I appeal to the current government not to follow the old footsteps too much, try to do something different.
“Through this tournament, it will also be one of the ways to show, encourage those players to have the spirit of struggle and that they have a goal in life that is not just to end up inside. They have their own places but they can also move to other places,” he encouraged.
The following are the names of the players and coaches: Athletics – Skhemlang Suba, Glorify Kurbah, and Pleasantly Synnah (coach) Aquatics – Bapynshngain Syngwan, Mebankitboklang Banai, Pdiangsuklang Syngwan, Ilarisuk Youroi, Joebrenson Mardoh Eva Wayne Marbaniang, Larry Kharpran (coach), Daniel W Marbaniang (manager) Football – Wanboklang Lyngkhoi, Donborlang Nongkynrih, Fullmoon Mukhim, Donlad Diengdoh, Siwel Rymbai, Banskhemlang Mawlong, Everbrightson Mylliempdah, Memonlanghson Pathawn Steven Bina, Sohktung, Kitboklang Pale, Overkindness L Mawnai, Chanmitre Thma, Banteilang Lyngdoh, Raikutshisha Buam, Dawanplielad Myrchiang, Lionel Daryl Rymmei, Restomwell Khriam, Maxderidoff Wahlang, Beneslaus Khyriem () Coachpast Syiem Pyrsamaget), Khlauspasht Syiem Dihlaacht , Baiainehlang Bareh (physio) Wushu – Lorenza Songthiang, Francis RR Songthiang (coach), Niawki Iakai (manager) Shooting – Balarishisha Rani, Anjali Singh, Rajdeep Ghosh, Shirley M Kharbuli, John Thounaojam (manager) Sqay – Salmi So Phawathiang, Fibestar , Kyrshanbor Romeo Songthiang, Espiranzza Stella Songthiang, Hamylline Dkhar (official) Golf – Johnwell G Momin, Jonathan Iawphniaw, Daphisha Phanbuh Shullai, Teesta Rawat MSOA officials – John F Kharshiing (Working President), (Gnely Kuparal Secretary) Warjri (Chef de Mission), Dipshon Ryntathiang (Deputy Chef de Mission), Ian A Lyngdoh (Deputy Chef de Mission), Pynbianglang Laloo (Contingent Assistant), Joel Marbaniang (Contingent Assistant).
The PPA candidates won the most votes from two constituencies, Doimukh and Mebo.
The Union through its President Bah A Lipon and Secretary T. Phawa, on Tuesday sent a petition to the Chairperson of the Committee of Political Parties to discuss the Reservation Roster and Reservation Policy. Review of the Reservation Policy 1972 by approving a quota for Jaintias of not less than 20%.
After the ceremony, Muslims greet each other and donate to the poor on this special day and after that they go to the homes of their relatives or friends to Greet them and eat happily on this day.
They were scored by Ridashisha K Lyngdoh (11), Deiphiwansara Lyngkhoi (39) and Badapynhun Dkhar (42).
Referring to the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation Act 1873 Bill, Shylla said that according to Para 19 (1b) of the Sixth Scheduled, the District Council can implement this Act.
It is understood that the incident occurred on the 12th in one place, but according to the claims of these two villages, there were two places.
Some of them have had to work as rnga burners, some have had to carry daju, some have had to work in the fields and many other day jobs while they earn money.
Let us look at the following passages from God's Word: “That I may come unto you with joy by the will of God, and may with you be refreshed” (Romans 15:32). For they have refreshed my spirit and yours : therefore honor them" (I Corinthians 16:18). In our comfort we rejoiced the more exceedingly for the joy of Titus, because his spirit has been refreshed by you all” (2 Corinthians 7:13). (2 Timothy 1:16) “For I have great joy and comfort in thy love, because the hearts of the saints have been refreshed through thee, brother. (Philemon 1:7)“Yea, brother, let me have joy of thee in the Lord: refresh my bowels in the Lord (Philemon 1:20)Question is? Are your children entertaining? Does your husband comfort you? Does your husband comfort you? Does everything have a purpose? When you say that, you mean peace and happiness, whether you have it or not.
The seizure was attended by the Director General of Police (DGP) Dr. LR Bishnoi, Inspector General Law and Order Mukesh Singh, Dy. Superintendent of Police, Additional Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills and East Jaintia Hills District.
U Bah Ialam Makri today informed that on the 20th of this month he has already returned the money to the residents of Nongskeh and on the 24th he will return the money. The cylinders will be collected on the 24th from this village.
The Commission has already clarified that Section 126 prohibits the broadcasting of anything related to elections on television or related materials within 48 hours of the deadline for polling. in the consti tution.
The chief guest was Pyniaid Sing Syiem, Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council. Pearly Dew Secondary School, Bah Toshanlang Kharsati.
Everyone who saw it believed that Sajar Nangli was sick.
“I've finished my studies and I'm not going anymore,” said Kynsai in a soft voice.
Regarding the disappearance of the youth, the mother and family members have lodged a complaint at Umsning Police Outpost.
Two persons have lost their lives while another survived after a truck carrying fish overturned in the middle of the road at Mawblei, Shillong.
When asked about this, Pastor PBM said that in the constituencies where there are HSPDP and KHNAM, he has surrendered to their supervision and guidance.
However, the problem is that the people are more attracted to foreign parties than to the local parties.
Where shall we move land and this idea will lead to more and more will you give West Khasi Hills to Assam or Guwahati to Meghalaya?” “Our state is really small but beautiful, Mawlynnong, for example, is a small village.
“However, Akhil Giri, Minister of the Trinamool Congress (TMC), has raised the profile of the party especially himself by criticizing the appearance of our President.
India were beaten by 40 runs by Bangladesh in their first One Day International (ODI).
Shillong, November 04: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that it is important for the police to receive training so that they can maintain peace and order.
On the other hand, the JSU is surprised that when the NGT Eat Zone has ordered that no houses should be built near the Myntdu River, but in what form, the Muslim house has appeared.
Woe to those who do evil in this world and do not repent, for on that Day of Resurrection they will be condemned.
The Traffic Office has said that only small vehicles or Light Motor Vehicles (LMV) are allowed to use this road and all vehicles must comply with the rules and regulations. Light Motor Vehicles (LMVs) will have to pass through Khyndailad Junction Road.
Samla Armebanshan Kharlukhi of Kdohhati FC won the Best Goal Keeper award, Samla Seiborlang Kharlukhi of Kdohhati FC won the Best Player award and Shada Shada won the Top Scorer award. Biangbor Paliar Vice President KSU CEC in his speech on the occasion congratulated the KSU Tyrso Unit for organizing this tournament to bring together the youth of Mawlasnai FC. Ri-Bhoi and said that the union urges the government to turn its attention first to the indigenous youth in relation to the youth sportsmen in the state and not to bring in people. Those from abroad in the state due to the great loss of talented youth in various sports will have the opportunity to lead in various sports in the country.
The number of cases of covid-19 in India has risen to 40 lakh with 86,432 new cases in the past 24 hours and 1,089 deaths.
However, the leaders of the union were surprised to learn from the EM of the department, Bah Blanding Warjri that in the entire West Khasi Hills, there are only 94 foreign workers who have been licensed by the District Council.
By turning and remembering our Creator who has given us the knowledge of man and God.
This was announced by Bah Sanbor at a meeting with officers of the Information Technology and Communication Department, Police, PWD, PHE and Municipal Board to review the implementation of projects under AMRUT and others in South. Shillong constituency in the presence of the office bearers of the Dorbar Shnongs of this constituency.
Four deaths were reported from East Khasi Hills, West Jaintia Hills, East Jaintia Hills and Ri Bhoi.
Every year the SPOS holds such a program to bring together all the children of the Presbytery who live in Shillong and also to get the recognition as brothers and sisters in the Lord.
Wash thoroughly with clean water and soap in the morning and evening.7.
The Jaintia National Council (JNC) has said that the nearest way is the mini secretariat and the government has already prepared the mini secretariat. bigger and better for the convenience of the Garo people.
We have to follow these rules and also some of these orders of the Supreme Court which has given these benefits”.
Police have registered a case under the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing.
all we can do is to turn our prayers to the Lord God, the Creator and Saviour.
He said that those who have been in close contact with those who have been infected with Covid-19 should undergo quarantine for 28 days and not just 14 days as the disease does not appear within 14 days.
He mentioned the many works that the BJP government has done for the people in the three years it has been in power.
Recalling that India is a country of many religions, the party said that the Constitution of the country has promised to protect every religion and its identity. .
However, our people who didn't count went to collect money that day.
After the competition, the office distributed the prizes to all the winners in the presence of Bah K.Nongbsaw, Executive Engineer, PHE Mawkyrwat Division Cum Member Secretary DSBM (G ).
Khliehriat, March 11: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) has vowed to strike strongly if the government and NHAI do not take action. In a statement, the union expressed its anger over the repair and construction of the National Highway-6 in East Jaintia Hills District. “The KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit on 10th March has sent a letter to the ADC of East Jaintia Hills District to ask for information on the extent of the repair work. In the meeting between the union leaders and the ADC yesterday on the request for information or reports regarding the road, the union learned that the National Highway Authority of India has not been able to The government should turn to the NHIDCL to repair and improve this road.” “The delay in the construction of this road is due to the NHAI. The tender has been called only to repair the road, not to improve it and twice it has already called tender to compete for one bid.
Not only that, he said that they were allowed to hold another party in Shillong on the 2nd of November, which was only four days after they returned from Khanapara.
At present, MeECL is still receiving full support from the State Government as in cases when MeECL lacks funds to purchase electricity, it is the State Government which provides financial support from time to time.
In the second half, Breaveheart struck hard against YBSC but the ability of the YBSC goalkeeper to defend against the goal made the fans of Breaveheart happy until the end of the minute. Breaveheart scored the first goal of the match in the 88th minute and two minutes before the end of the first half, Breaveheart scored the first goal of the match through a penalty. Thank you B.Wahlang.
In Sikkim, Injecto Polymers Pvt.
These technological advancements will make tourism more efficient and will also contribute to the sustainability of deititi.4) Resource development: By recognizing the opportunities available in tourism in the The Ministry of Tourism has decided to invest in strong tourism resources to promote sustainable and responsible tourism in the state under Swadesh Darshan
In the envelope we gave to Bah Skendrowell we wrote:- 500 tyngka for speaking and 1000 tyngka for singing.
Bah Martin Majaw used to ask, “How much milk is in this water?” During elections, there are such speakers, who have a lot of milk. and the people shall beware.
Just like everyone else, they need the love and mutual support of others and this is the same for their families too.
Father Ambukumar Anthony of St. Joseph Church, Selsella is Mr. Greenwell's friend.
She also said that the Society of Labor and Development Agency invites all the entrepreneurs in the state to register themselves by calling
“The search team has received information about the journey of these two men who came from Rajouri to Jammu by car on Tuesday evening,” said Senior Superintendent of Police Amritpal Singh. talking to the press.
On the curfew called by the HNLC on the 23rd, the PCF has requested the HNLC to cancel it as it coincides with the Christmas celebrations of the people in the state.
Sonia Gandhi had to travel to the United States in recent months for treatment; However, it has been suspended due to the corona virus.
They confessed to killing their own area commander,” said Davis Marak.
Meanwhile, Bah SD Khongwir, Chairman of Mawlai Town Dorbar, said that during his childhood, he saw that the Mawpat Forest was very beautiful but at that time he said that there was a heavy snowfall. He said that when he was a child, he didn't think carefully. “There was a sale and purchase of timber from the forest. earned during childhood," he said.
The surgery was supported by a team of anaesthesiologists led by Dr.Neha Rawat, Assistant Professor, Dept.
According to doctors from AIIMS, including the head of Community Ophthalmology Prof Praveen Vashist, according to the survey, there are up to three children who have contracted the disease and they are from Khyndai area. Lad, Theme Metor.
Irene Dkhar from Meghalaya has won the title of Miss Northeast at the Capital Cultural Hall, Kohima.
After this victory, he is now preparing to compete in the FBK Games on the 4th of next month in the Netherlands followed by the tournament in Turku; Finland will host the Paavo Nurmi Games on the 13th of this month.
However, this morning, at 2 am, he was taken back to AIIMS and the post-mortem examination of the 55-year-old minister is ongoing. Goa Governor Ram Nath Govind today appointed Satya Pal Malik as the new Governor of Meghalaya.
On the first day of the festival, which is the 21st of November, the festival began with the performance of a ritual called 'ku neiñ' by the members of Niamtre who live in the lower part of the 'wah' They came up to the upper part of the village to greet him according to the custom.
The police chief said that security forces have been increased around Christian churches and strong security forces will soon be deployed in all churches.
The deaths were from Hubei province, the National Health Commission said, bringing the death toll to 2,192 in China alone.
In the past, the Khasi National Dorbar was a meeting to discuss political affairs, but these two Pastors were proud people and their influence was great and the society was also affected. respect them.
In the second leg, Lapalang beat Nongtynur by a tie-breaker.
The death toll in Manipur has risen to 68 and 236 injured.
On the same day, the HSPDP office was opened at Palm Hotel and the party's election song was also released to support Bah Primson Makdoh as the HSPDP candidate from Umsning Constituency.
When asked about the lack of support by the Congress MLAs for Bah Pala, Faleiro said it is true that there are differences of opinion within the party.
Therefore, there is a fear among the public about the Covid-19 vaccine in many countries around the world and in India.
He said that the Minister's remarks have upset the drivers of commercial vehicles after he made these remarks.
Therefore, the General Secretary of the examination has issued a public announcement that there will be a meeting of all those who have applied for the special examination.
However, after Rapsang was discharged from the hospital, police said that the total amount of money in the robbed pla was T.9 lakh.
All 60 MLAs have approved the motion by the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma.
“This order has killed the youth and their families,” said TUR. They strongly condemn the State Government and demand that the Transport Department should immediately revoke this order.
Mondal acknowledged that the construction of solar, wind and thermal power plants is not easy and these projects are very successful and for this reason, the state governments of the North East ) also urged the central government to provide financial assistance to the state governments.
There are 9 districts in East Jaintia Hills, 26 in East Garo Hills, 12 in South Garo Hills, 24 in North Garo Hills, 12 in South West Garo Hills and 9 in East Garo Hills. 12 in West Garo Hills.
Appreciating the launch of the IIPH, the Minister confirmed that he will start talks with the Chief Minister on the possibility of providing scholarships for the students.
West Bengal police said six more people have been reported dead in such incidents from West Bengal Midnapore and Howrah Rural districts.
We hear and see that the Government has not stopped working for this cause and I believe God will enlighten them.
Pamrapaithlu Village has distributed 50 byrni of rice donated by MLA and Minister of State Ma Kyrmen Shylla and 40 byrni by MDC Phasmon Dkhar.
On this occasion, UDP General Secretary Dr. Jemino Mawthoh welcomed to the party the leading leaders of the Mawphlang Constituency. from the Congress, National People's Party and Meghalaya Pradesh Trinamool Congress.
The tournament was concluded in a successful manner in collaboration with the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society Shillong, Meghalaya.
The revenue collected from the fine on these 32,361 incidents is T.2,27,00,700 including T.1,83,70,100 in 2022 and T.43,30,600 till June. u year.
Amen© Jester Mawlong.
If we continue to allow this misunderstanding and exploitation of the leaders and Government officials who over the decades have enslaved the people with this misunderstanding that the citizens have to trust them from “They will get the benefits and development,” said Kong Angela.
In the men's category, Shainingstar Marweiñ won the first prize, Mebansaiñborlang Pathaw won the second prize and Rahjopkordor Lyngdoh won the third prize.
Regarding the swearing-in ceremony at the statue of Tirot Singh, Process said that at that time he was from KHNAM and he had to persuade the party when it wanted to take the oath at the statue of Tirot Singh. “I can swear before God, not before man,” he said.
The Sashastra Seema Bal has sent 2,900 troops with medicines, food and drink to help the Indians who are on their way home.
He said that 50 years have passed but West Khasi Hills is the most backward district but only in the last 4 years has seen a real change in the appearance of the area where many development activities from various sectors have flowed into the region.
They have sent a letter to the Executive Engineer PWD Road South Division in Jowai to demand and request to prepare a new project or sanction for the urgent construction of the Intermediary Road Jowai By-Pass. He said that if this road is properly constructed, it will help to reduce the traffic jam in Jowai as many private and commercial vehicles pass through this road even if it is bad.
Sinha said the Meghalaya government's sports department's ban on Modi from holding a rally inside the stadium shows that the NPP-led MDA government is afraid of Modi's election campaign in Tura. It is also the constituency of the Chief Minister.
Jowai, Naitung 19: The Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football Tournament 2022 has been launched at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
After the inspection, the Principal of the school, D.Hoojon, said that the contractor has not yet used the new school building. has not been handed over to the school authorities for unknown reasons.
Issues related to controlling the spread of rumors and disinformation, especially in relation to vaccination, were also a long-running discussion, during which the Secretary continued to elaborate on the duties that the media should publish accurate news and accurate information when writing or publishing news and events related to Covid-1
Other ethnic groups who look at the Hynniewtrep people say that there are no Hynniewtrep women in the world.
Then they went to build a road and install electricity in the area.
Rynsun, blueberries, pudina are among the herbs that can reduce cholesterol.
As taxi drivers, we have also received many complaints from the passengers and that is why we have come out for the repair of this road.
That story about the astrologer shocked me, because the astrologer, when he looked up at the sky without looking at the ground, ended up falling into the abyss. I too have written and spoken on YouTube channels about heaven, God, the soul... although their preaching is somewhat different from mine.
Nongpoh: The MLA of Mawhati Constituency, Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare, on Tuesday supported the demand of the Sengbhalang and Village Leaders, who demanded that the government should introduce the C&RD Block in Mawhati Constituency.
“They (BJP) are just trying to make an agreement with the state parties but this will not succeed because the people are well aware of its activities,” he said.
The AJYWO also said that the proliferation of liquor shops in EJH, including illegal liquor shops, has threatened the society, which is the root cause of all evil.
“The tax exemption does not mean that they have been exempt but they need to be informed and submit written documents to prove that they should not be charged tax,” he said. the name of an individual and not in the name of a group or company".
“Peirai Hao is a member of the NSCN (K) who was recently released from Tura and was one of the negotiators to supply weapons from the NSCN to the GNLA,” Raju said.
Ration distributors who are currently in charge of ration distribution should submit a certificate from the Inspector, Metrological Department, Nongstoin and a certificate from the Office of Food Safety. Officer, Nongstoin.
The saying goes, 'When the power is taken away (by the people), even the king becomes a riew madan.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Sordar of Mukertila said that this decision was taken by the people in collaboration with the Sengbhalang of the area.
Also present were MDCs of the party including Mitchel Wankhar, Balajied Rani, Women's Wing President Pretty Kharpyngrope and other leaders.
He said there is no clear agreement on how the government will provide financial assistance and how much, how it will provide jobs and other opportunities for them.
The Bible tells of the prayers and cries of slaves in Egypt.
On arrival at the square, a meeting was conducted by Bah Pius Puweiñ Sordar of Riangpoi Thymmai. Sencyful Dkhar, Leader of the Catholic Women Commission Nongstoin Diocese.
In the North East, the CBM is currently operating in states including Meghalaya, Nagaland, Assam and Tripura.
Furthermore, the meeting also discussed the work of the party and especially in terms of strengthening the party within the constituency to bring the fruits of victory in this election to the party. The Legislative Assembly of the State shall be held soon.
The sworn in leaders and members for the 2023-26 term of office of FKJGP Shillong City include President Arkinfield Khonglam, VP Simon Myrthong, GS Shane Nongrum, JT Secretary Wanpyndap Marbaniang, Asst General Secretary Kyrshan Syiemlieh. , Organ Secretary Alfredy Kharbuli, Asst.info.
However, after 2013, this was abolished.
Therefore, the RBDSA urges the people of Ri Bhoi, to come and witness the closing ceremony of the Ri Bhoi League Championship
There was a discussion that if the district headquarters is located in Laitlyngkot or Mawjrong, the people of Pynursla will not accept it.
In Q2 2023, the company achieved a payment rate of 98.7%, and the average time for people to go to work or receive payments for those who have passed away is 1.2 days.
Also present on the occasion were the Secretary Incharge of IPR, Matsiewdor War Nongbri, Director of DIPR, BS Sohliya, officers, employees, editors, producers and journalists of various media outlets.
The KSU has demanded that the government authorities should investigate the condition of the school for the safety of the students.
The new Prime Minister of Pakistan thanked the MPs and parties who have supported and expressed their confidence in him and made him the Speaker of Parliament.
The woman was identified as Naroi Langstang and her husband Ardabiang Suchiang.
A brief report was also presented by the Administrative Officer, Bah KW Marbaniang on the hospital.
“As the Chairman of the Committee on Roster appointed by the state government, I have received a letter of permission to include the discussion on the Reservation Policy and we have been allowed to meet with the leaders of various political parties. “It's a good idea to discuss and understand the reservation policy,” she said.
Thus it pleased the Father (God) that all fulness should dwell in Jesus.
On the other hand, the BSF has written to the Government of India not to send more troops to the border areas especially in West Jaintia and East Jaintia Hills.
Therefore, to work together to resolve these issues, KJDSTA invites the LP teachers to work together with it to resolve these issues, concluded the statement from KJDSTA Nongthymmai Zone.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today demanded the immediate dismissal of Pawan Sharma and Vijay Raj. If there is any incident, the party will not be responsible.
Hoping was elected as the Chief Organizer of the APHLC Volunteers, but was later expelled from the party after he refused to accept the sub state. Hoping as a leader in 1968, said Lapang.
The injured have lodged a complaint against those involved in the incident and about 24 names have been released as suspects involved in the incident. The incident occurred in the area of ​​Garodubi and Magurmari villages.
“We know that there is an influx of drugs into the state, but the sudden increase in the influx of drugs during this election period shows that there is something behind it. and it shall be a sign unto the whole nation.
“The allegation of the Congress government is groundless as the central government has nothing to do with it,” he said.
Your determination and determination is unshakable, like these mountains,” he said.
No ! They were surprised at their request by saying that they were sick of their own flesh and blood and their own children and they said that there was no commandment of God to do so. He said to them, “I don't ask for your flesh and blood and your children, but for them to flee to the east and west to seek the peace of the soul. their crops, their livestock and their livelihood and he would scatter them in the rivers, forests and forests and he threatened that if they did not obey he would destroy them.
After the meeting, about 150 trees were planted with the participation of all those who attended the ceremony including the children studying at the Bridge of Hope.
In an order issued on the 17th of this month, the Director said that the operators of tourist attractions should take measures to ensure that the tourist attractions should be clean and free from pollution. disgust.
Gerrard Dakerlang Sun Initially, since he was a child, he enjoyed playing football in his own backyard. After that, he received training in Touch Line through St. Edmund's School, Shillong. He has been selected to represent India for Shillong Lajong FC in the BRICS Junior Football Club Under-12 Tournament. which was held in China from 15th to 22nd July
“We have 24 campaign issues and each of these issues is important to our party.
This doesn't end here. The involvement of young children in games, especially men, has affected not only their mental health but also their mental health.
Training was also given on Artificial Insemination of calves, pigs or livestock to meet the demand for milk and meat.
Mary Kom is the only woman to win seven World Amateur Boxing Championship gold medals and the first to win medals at all nine World Championships, and the only male or female boxer to win a medal. five times to the World Championship.
The child is currently undergoing treatment at CHC Khliehriat. According to the mother of the child, the robber has committed the crime. The incident occurred at about 5 or 6 pm while the girl was shopping at the shop. On receiving a tip, police immediately searched and arrested Suresh. Bareh who tried to escape from the hands of the police.
Shillong: There are about 22 villages in 12 villages which have the same custom of singing when calling a person and it is not only Kongthong.
Our relatives told us both that when they saw this incident between us and our High Priest, all the brothers and sisters were shocked.
Samuel Jyrwa, Chairman of NESO, said that the decision of the Indian government and the decision of the Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC) of the Indian government is a threat to the North East.
More importantly, follow someone who can distribute money during elections.
Aizawl: NPP President Conrad K Sangma, who is also the Chief Minister of Mizoram, today held public meetings at Vairengte and Kolasib for the NPP candidates in Mizoram.
He said that he will soon take up the matter with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Urban Affairs, Sniawbhalang War. He said that he has already discussed with the officers of the PHE department and will soon take it before these chief executives of the state government.
Five patrol personnel were injured in the incident and the police fired tear gas to disperse the crowd.
Just to relieve their grief, they start smoking drugs a little bit and gradually they become addicted and some of them just try to tempt others.
However, Baer-Hoffman said that the authorities' decision to hold the tournament again in the month of June is unacceptable.
:The new Khasi song, titled “Ki Kynkyn Ksiar” has been released on the 22nd, November 2023 and has been sung by Khasi singers, including Ram Suchiang and Bala L. Live.
Lucifer was cast out of the third heaven to the second heaven because of the sin of pride and because he wanted to be like God.
Investigation has revealed that they were planning to go to Motphran and Umsohsun to join the protesters.
It is also worth mentioning that the allowance of the students is between T.25,000 and T.30,000 per child and student.
In the second semifinal, the girls of South West Garo Hills District beat the girls of West Garo Hills District 25-09, 25-15, 25-2
As a sign of encouragement to this young man, KSU Narpuh Circle has donated 10,000 tyngka as a small donation.
KHANDULI: Three persons were arrested by the Forest Department and Assam Police at Khanduli village on Monday.
Lionel Messi is once again in doubt about starting for Argentina in the World Cup qualifier against Paraguay.
In another development, the FKJGP has strongly condemned the SOT police who arrested the members of these two organizations from Mawlai Circle on that day while they were arranging the entry and exit of trucks in Mawlai.
In a statement sent by Samla Wanphrang Mawthoh, President KSU Byrnihat Circle, said that the KSU Byrnihat Circle has not yet accepted the proposal to build a railway line in the state. The construction of the railway line to Ri Lum Khasi, is an issue that has been discussed for a long time, in which even the great leader of the past, Bah Bull Nangjop Lyngdoh (Bam kwai ha dwar u Blei), has opposed it. The party still stands firmly on the same basis, that is, to oppose the railway line on any ground.
The UDP has slammed the PDF by saying that even the MDC post cannot be done according to the powers empowered by the people, how else can they serve the people.
The SP said that police are conducting investigation to arrest more suspects.
“It is a fact that both the states have launched EPIC schemes in the last few years.
The registration of foreigners in Mizoram has intensified in recent days, following the implementation of the National Register of Citizens (NRC) in Assam, where 40 lakh people have been excluded from the list. residents of the State.
Kennedy said that the State does not have petroleum or diesel and needs to be imported from outside the State but many petrol pumps in Meghalaya have been closed by trucks importing petrol from outside the State.
Therefore, as the people of Mawkyrwat, we should be wise in electing our leaders so that it will not be the cause of problems for the future generation because this jaidbynriew of ours now does not have any more leaders who great.
In the first match, Iasnohktilang beat Kharang Sports Club 2-0 in Group B, while in the second match, Umpling beat Mawkriah. West Sports Club beat West Sports Club 1-0 in Group A. All three goals in these two matches came in the second half.
When Meghalaya became a full state (Block-I), it became a border dispute.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the government will also investigate the root cause of the reluctance of all government hospitals to transfer patients to other hospitals.
Safeguards: The Unique Identification Authority of India should provide accurate and adequate facilities to facilitate people to register, or provide new information, complain when their Aadhaar number is lost and restore it. .
The cultivation of krai is one of the most popular crops among the farmers of the Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum since ancient times.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Jackson Sohtun, President of the Association, expressed his gratitude to the athletes especially from Ri-Bhoi for their progress in all fields and won titles. and honor which is the pride of the district and the state as a whole.
The total number of returnees as of 6th July 2020 is 13,5
Singh's brother-in-law, Vishal Singh, is the president of the Bihar Wrestling Association.
Jyrwa, who is the leader of the party, said that this month she will meet face to face with Roshan Warjri to demand that she should send an inquiry into the matter.
“I too have experienced alcohol first and foremost in my work.
Furthermore, the matter has reached the Court and it is the responsibility of the Court to take a decision.
The Meteorological Department of India today did not release any rainfall in Sohra, while in Shillong, it was 55.8mm, while in Umiam, it was only 11.2mm.
And the NEP is clearly aimed at making our children lose their power, voice and rights because they have become knowledgeable but not strong in anything.
Nehlang Pariat also took two wickets.
“It is a memorable decision that the Cabinet has decided to extend the age of appointment for those who apply for government jobs by five years,” he said.
Illegal coal mining is rampant in East Jaintia Hills and this has happened around the area especially in those remote areas which the police cannot reach, the source said.
The construction of the PA Sangma Integrated Sports Complex in Tura has progressed and the construction of the Indoor Stadium on the 5th Ground of the JN Complex at Polo Ground, Shillong will start this year.
“Under the Constitution of India (Articles 341, 342 and the Sixth Schedule) special provisions have been made to empower the indigenous peoples.
The family members of the mother said that as a family they are not happy to accept this incident.
He said that the organization has been donating blood from time to time and through this blood donation, it will also encourage other people to come forward to donate blood. precious so that it can be of help and life to people in urgent need.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, said that the fire broke out due to a type of oil (burning) from the synreit tanks while the workers were cleaning the tanks and smoking. a small place that is far away.
The charge against them is that they violated the Official Secret Act.
The vehicle belonged to Borman Myrphet of Umkiang village.
He said he has directed the Hima and Village Councils to provide detailed information on the invasion of Assam.
I personally monitor the road projects, I monitor the maintenance of law and order and for this reason, I have been accused of dictatorship.
Look at the joblessness we are experiencing".
They were arrested for violating the rules of driving and for driving wrong which resulted in the death and injury of these girls.
Apart from candidate No.4, these three candidates have admitted that the victory will be theirs by giving their own reasons.
Our country has never been part of India as it is now.
This is a false view.
The party at the meeting discussed thoroughly and decided to ask Rahul to think twice about resigning as President of the Congress party, due to his failure to do well in the Lok elections. Sabha is not yet over.
Leaders of other Bhalang organizations including FKJGP, JSU, HNYF, RBYF and HITO also took part in the protest. Now.
However, our ancestors knew how to treat them by giving them Ñiangsohpet.
In the 2nd Division, Nongthymmai beat Laitlyngkot 2-1
He also questioned how the man gained access to the meeting of the officials.
The most important thing is that the rulers should be responsible for the sake of the citizens and the citizens should respect and honor each other.
Eight candidates are Denis Siangshai, Ivoryna Shylla and Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit who have filed their nomination papers as independent candidates while Vincent H Pala of Congress, Pual Lyngdoh of UDP, Shibun Lyngdoh of BJP and Richard Shabong have filed their nomination papers as independent candidates. of the CPI, Bah Armerington Kharshiing of the Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP).
Shillong, Nailar 23: The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government on Thursday approved the Expert Committee headed by Justice (Retd) Mool Chand Garg as Chairman.
According to sources, after the Bangladesh army launched a heavy raid against KCNA members, about 500 people left the area. from Chittagong Hill Tracts, Bangladesh and came to hide in the villages of Lawngtlai district.
Meanwhile, the newspaper said that the state government is considering writing to the central government to request for allocation according to the policy followed in the past years.
“Many High Courts in India have found that many Hindu men have converted to Muslims because the authorities have not been able to enforce their wishes to be recognized by the law and to marry. more than one, as recognized by the Muslim religion, that it is not a sin to have polygamy, anyway, to have four wives at the same time and that the courts punish Muslim men if there is go and complain to them.
He said that no beneficiary of the CGI sheet or tin in Raliang constituency in 2012-13 although in the court, it was not given.
It is to be recalled that the people living along the Bangladesh border face these attacks from time to time by the Khar Bangladeshis, but the BSF troops have not been able to provide protection. They don't take care of such incidents but they are the victims, while the Khasi villagers are often harassed and assaulted even to the point of serious injury or death. BSF troops have shot dead a Khasi man with five bullets on suspicion of smuggling cattle to Bangladesh. and the incident in Lad Umsyiem where Khasi youths were seriously injured in the bombing by two soldiers who were drunk Khaw-yiang but the police could not do anything against these soldiers. BSF. According to a statement issued by the KSU Nongtyngur Unit, the KSU Nongtyngur Unit demands that the police should punish severely such Bangladeshis who rob with the intention of committing crimes, not just release them peacefully. KSU Nongtyngur, GS Melajied Khongbuh, said in a statement.
When asked whether the money really works during the elections, Bah Sniawbha said, “All parties use money during the elections according to their power but we don't trust them, we trust those people who choose jar jar bad who city.
The minimum temperature in Shillong has risen to 28.5 degrees Celsius and Sohra has risen to 28.7 degrees Celsius.
The two leaders decided to work together to bring peace and stability on the border of West Jaintia Hills, Meghalaya and West Karbi Anglong, Assam.
Shillong: The Infiltration Department today opened a new gate at Sukurbaria village under Mawroh Market in Ri Bhoi District.
North Garo Hills has 19 cases, Ribhoi 28 cases, including 14 cases from NESAC and 13 cases from ILI, South West Garo Hills has 41 cases, South West Khasi Hills has 10 cases and West Garo Hills has , West Jaintia Hills 54 cases, of which 34 cases are high risk, 16 cases of ILI. In West Khasi Hills, 31 cases, including 6 cases of ILI and 9 cases in Nongkasen, among others.
As a young man who has a love for the nation, whether I am in any party, I will speak on the issues of the nation, I will speak in the name of the nation, not in the name of any party.
Radhakrishnan's father, Servapalli Veeraswami and mother, Sitamma, came from a poor family where his father earned a small salary.
He said that there may be people who say that politics is dirty, corrupt, insufficient, the work of the world that should not be interfered with but he expressed his gratitude to God. that He has inspired him to stand up and fight and to improve and perfect the rule of law.
I used to call Bah Lambok Thabah 'Ñi Lam', I called him 'Ñi Lam' as a sign of respect because he was much older than me.
Bah Junel, has been arrested twice and has been tortured several times by the police, by searching his residence and then, where he has to appear at the police station, as needed by the police.
Speaking to media, Umroi MDC Rangkynsai Kharbuki said that the meeting with the Minister of Urban Affairs was on the issue of introducing urban affairs. Three villages in Umroi including Jaiaw Deng, Laban Saro, Umroi Maban, Umroi Nongrah and Umroi Umdoh are included in the Census Town.
The group demanded that the government should turn first to the local newspapers to join hands.
Also present were the President and Secretary of the Meghalaya Tourism Youth Development Society, Dominic Savio Diengdoh, Daniel Khongsit and Shanbor Khonglah.
However, the recent change of circumstances has prompted me to write a letter of resignation,” said Bah JA Lyngdoh.
Hotels and restaurants are prohibited from forcing customers to pay service charges and customers are clearly informed that the service charge is voluntary and at the discretion of the customers.
Since these years, Methodist Churches around the world have also held New Year's Eve services and these services have been a way to fight against other forms of New Year celebrations by other groups. world they make.
As usual, the Khasi Authors' Society this year has launched four books by Bah AL Hek and Bah Titos Chyne in the presence of Bah W. Nongsiej, Director of Arts and Sciences. Culture.
This is one of the evidences that the Khasi Pnars really lived in this area.
The food prepared, although it is only vegetables and bones and meat, is still the same.
For more than three years, this demand has been sitting in the cupboard of the Government of India.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HNM) on Tuesday submitted a petition to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A. Sangma requesting him to encourage the members of the Legislative Assembly to speak. in Khasi and Garo when they take part in the discussions as approved by the Rules of Procedures and Conduct of Business, in the Budget Session of the State Legislative Assembly which will start from the 16th of this month.
, but the young children are the rishot of the religion and the nation,” said Pa'iem and urged them to stick to the traditional religion because the sticking of the Khasi Khara children to the traditional religion is a blessing. the nation.
Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLA was the Chief Guest and in her speech she stressed the need to take action on this issue.
Police have registered a case at Sardar police station under the NDPS Act.
Other office bearers who were confirmed on the occasion were Vice President KP Pangniang MLA Rambrai, General Secretary Witting Mawsor MLA Mawshynrut, Joint Secretary Nolip Lyngdoh MLA Mawshynrut; Pynshongdor Lyngdoh Nongbri was elected as the Finance Secretary and Shem Khardewsaw was elected as the Treasurer.
It may be recalled that recently, the government has informed the public that in Mairang, there is also a positive case of a woman from Rikhen.
The Dorbar Shnong has urged all those who have already purchased tickets and all those who support the village from time to time to support the village.
Guwahati: There have been 19 new cases of Covid-19 in Assam, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
In his speech, the Deputy Commissioner, Bah Sohliya, expressed his gratitude for the opportunity to be part of the MBSG. group and assured them of his full support and assistance in all its activities.
“The party leaders are also surprised how they entered the state from Byrnihat where there is an Infiltration Checkgate and this shows that there was no investigation before they entered the state,” said Bah Pateng Myrsing. They have been handed over to the Umsning Police Outpost for further investigation so that such cases of illegal immigration into the state will not happen in the coming days and times,” he said. added.
I have directed the officers to investigate where the formalin came from and to find out the people involved in this case,” said Bah Cominongone.
Therefore, parents should be attentive to their families and especially to their growing children.
Meghalaya were later reduced to 138/8 after Sachdeva, who scored 12 fours, and Ram Gurung, who scored 29 runs, scored 65 runs.
Others who have served for 75 years are the Kench Trace DPC at Kench Trace and the AC or DPC at Police Market are the two longest serving puja committees.
It is worth mentioning here that the word “Ai Bih Sian” in Maram does not carry the same meaning as in Khasi.
The injured were taken to Khlieh Riat CHC and shifted to NEIGRIMS in the evening.
Your patience is no longer there.
Genesis 1:26 and the words, “Let us make man...” speaks of the decision of the Assembly of God to create mankind in the Image of God- “In Our Image.” " says the Bible.
Therefore, the recent joining of the leaders of the party to the NPP has encouraged him to win more elections.
In the other match, Nepal lost 1-3 to Kuwait.
Shillong, Lber 7: The Khyndai Lad Youth Wing (KHNAM) today demanded that a shopkeeper rape his employee in Khyndai Lad. The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has demanded the implementation of the Sexual Harassment of Women Employees at Work Place Act.
The awards were presented by the chief guest and guest speakers including Chrispin N Dkhar President KAYC, Deibormi Syad President EJHDBA, Delightful Lamare General Secretary EJHDBA and others.
Congress leaders today took their 34 candidates by bus to the temple, Christian church and then to the dargah. that they should not swear by the name of God; They said that they will not leave the party if they win the MLA election on the ticket of the party in the upcoming elections.
Some of these foods are not available in our kitchen.
You don't want to be a part of Pop Culture.
On behalf of the Seng Derew Tradition Padu, we would like to congratulate all those who came to participate in the Lympung-3 Ki Sons of Sengkhihlang which was held on the 18th & 19th June 2023, here in our village, in Padu.
In July this year, Paris Hilton, who is also one of the richest people, came to Mumbai for the production and release of her two albums.
Isn't it true that Soso Tham understands that there is a danger inside the house? Babu Soso Tham sees and understands that we are like the Gibeonites, who do themselves, who justify and deceive themselves, who lie and deceive.
Nongstoiñ: The number of traffic accidents on the Nongstoiñ-Shillong highway has increased with the passing of the days and hours. Many people have lost their lives and many have suffered serious injuries.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Baroda FC 2-0 in the U-23 Women's T20 League Group A in Kochi today.
The report said that the preparations for the inspection were adequate but the implementation was not as planned due to the lack of funds and it was done in a hurry without proper consideration by the Tactical Team-I. The investigation also found that the raid on the house of Bah Cherish on 13.8.2021 at 3 pm was without proper thought and overuse of security forces which led to the death of you are a leader.
The festival was concluded by Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA Mawhati as the Chief Guest, Bah Mayborn Rapthap as the Chief Guest, in the presence of the elders of the area including Bah JJ Shadap, Chairman of TVWPS, Bah Alos Nongpoh and others.
For the help and support to our family, we would like to thank the Dorbar Shnong Tyndowapung, the Thadlaboh Presbyterian Church, the pastors and leaders who have prayed and comforted us in the midst of sorrow and grief. .
As soon as he said that he had driven a car or two, he drove until it was terrible to see.
The Minister said that the heavy rains in July this year have caused floods and landslides across parts of South Garo Hills, South West Khasi Hills and East Khasi Hills. and also in East Jaintia Hills District.
Riangdo, Jymmang 16: The Meghalaya Youth Federation (MYF) Mawshynrut Circle on Tuesday inspected the road from Riangdo to Mawthengkut. .
The number of cases in India has risen higher than in Brazil.
Shillong: The East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) in collaboration with the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) and the Government of Meghalaya kicked off its first match on Saturday, 28th November. , at the Association Square in Khliehriat.
After the inspection, L.Sungoh said that the union has found that there are about 30 farmers who have been affected by the construction of the PMGSY road. de fields rep to be affected.
Bah Langrin said that the farm which has been opened since 2010 has not been operational at all and has been sitting without any benefit to the people except for the cleaners or Muster Roll who have up to five persons.
It is learned that the BSF troops without any reason arrested him and accused him of being a Bangladeshi while he was coming from Wah Lakroh.
For example, in villages where there are military bases, the presence of military personnel nearby does not bring any benefits but leads to the loss of land and the destruction of farmland. Sports grounds, hospitals and schools mostly benefit the children of the soldiers and the children of the rich,” said the statement.
They were also urged to follow the health guidelines by wearing masks in public places, washing hands and staying away from crowded places to avoid the spread of the disease.
“I would like to assure them and everyone that it is the duty of the state government to ensure the safety of each and everyone who came to the meeting,” he said. The HNLC urged the state government to ensure peace and security for its leaders who come to the talks. especially if the conversation is not easy.
However, Bah Rymmai said that there is another misunderstanding among the Khasi now when they say English, everyone thinks that English is only spoken by foreigners, but Bah Rymmai explains. that if you say English it is taken from the word Foreign and when the Khasi didn't know how to pronounce it at that time he said English. I don't think that when you say English you mean only the foreigner, but know that when you say English, this word means everything from German, Italian, French and so on. Even the word 7 Trep is thought to be only Khasi.
The DC's refusal to allow two wheelers to park in this area has not created any peace of mind for the people and has caused damage to the area especially in the sale of drugs or drug drinking, he said. u Bah Evil.
There have been 95 recoveries from the coronavirus today.
In democracy, it can be called the election of the people, but we must know and remember that there is also the election of God, says Daniel – “For wisdom and might are his” Daniel 2: 20.
Shillong East MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh, CP Marak, Chairman Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board, MR Synrem, Commissioner & Secretary State Planning Board, Cyril VD Diengdoh were also present at the launch. Matsiewdor War Nongbri, Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, Bah BS Sohliya, CEO, Shillong Municipal Board, Village Officers, NESFAS leaders , Bethany Society, Environment, Urban, Natural Resources, School Children, Market Dwellers and others.
This increase has been achieved in many places, while others have lost their children.
He said that if we count only from the increase in the price of petrol and diesel because it is increasing gradually and if the Government collects only 10 tyngka per liter of petrol and 10 tyngka per liter of diesel, it means that Meghalaya alone has received thousands of crores of rupees a day.
Shouldn't we put the welfare of women first after we become an independent country?
He said the NPP Unit has joined hands with the Federation of Shillong Hotels and has included three decisions on the occasion of the World Environment Day on the 5th of this month.
Akhtaruzzaman, a US citizen, is a former friend of the Awami League MP.
The GST Constitution Amendment Bill needs to be passed in 16 out of 31 states including the Union Territories of Delhi and Puducherry.
These kidnappers from neighboring states have tried to disrupt the peace and order in Meghalaya by kidnapping two people and hiding them in a house. The Dibru Hill Reserve Forest is under the jurisdiction of Tikrikilla Police Station.
He said that the first is that the Khasi Social Customs of Lineage Act 1997 also mentions the Rangbah Kur but how to appoint the Rangbah Kur and what is his function is not mentioned at all.
The program was organized by the office of the District Medical and Health Officer, East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat with the aim of providing medicines to all school children between the ages of 1 to 19 years through the ranks. through schools and Anganwadi Centres.
In the BJP party, when one minister is appointed, one is appointed, one minister is appointed, there is a story that he will join another party,” she said.
The Committee will review the Reservation Policy by consulting with various groups and by collecting information from all over the state,” said the statement.
Your body is strong.
This team of experts will have 12 months to complete the assigned task.
The delegation was led by FKJGP Mawsynram Circle President Banshai Marbaniang, HYC, HANM and HNYF Mawsynram Circle.
The keyboardist is Albert Raynel Laloo and the song is composed by Ram Suchiang and Lewis Roy Dhar.
The manifesto said that the RDA will stand for the protection of the religious rights of minorities and strongly oppose the Uniform Civil Code (UCC), the Anti-Conversion Act and also to have rules and regulations. to punish those who commit crimes against Christians and other religious minorities as well as to completely exempt from the implementation of the CAA in Meghalaya and others among others.
Babel represents an age when there was only one power, one religion, one language, one thought, one culture, one color and so on.
On this special day, five residents with disabilities were honored for their achievements in handicrafts, cooking and making tools. playing.
However, the match did not go as hoped, with the team crushed in 11 overs, a performance never witnessed at the ground.
One person was seriously injured when he was robbed by unidentified robbers and burnt down a government vehicle at Biar village, West Jaintia Hills on Monday night at Raliang Polie Out Post.
Those who don't have and show their goods don't win.
“We started this award ceremony from 2017 to 2019 and we planned to hold it every year but in 2020 and 2021 we couldn't hold it due to the COVID-19 pandemic. “This year we will start honoring the students of the area who have passed in the results announced recently by the MBoSE,” said Bah Section Syiemlieh.
The people of that king (King Titus of the Roman Empire) will destroy that city (Jerusalem was destroyed in 70 AD).
He said that they are now preparing to provide financial support for the maintenance of schools from 2 lakh to 5 lakh tyngka to 2000 government schools in the current financial year which will reach more than crore rupees.
Furthermore, accidents are more likely to happen when rushing for time, rushing for work, including rushing for work, traveling far away, here too, as human beings, to avoid danger, it is more It is better to leave earlier, especially if you have to arrive earlier, but in the end, the soul gets to rest and there is no problem to get the work done on time.
According to the members of the union, the reason for the stoppage of buying cows is to protest against the smuggling of Khar cows to Bangladesh and the availability of only smuggled cows in Khanapara market.
He said about 15 to 20 ULFA members are at the GNLA camp to give training and they also use the Durama-Bajengdoba road.
The UDP has formed a coalition government with the NPP in the past three years along with other ethnic parties besides the BJP. year and has now continued in its second season.
The teams and dates of the matches are: Meghalaya vs Chhattisgarh, December 7 Meghalaya vs Saurashtra, December 8 Meghalaya vs Tripura, December 10 Meghalaya vs Baroda, December 12 Meghalaya vs Punjab, December
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has said that after heavy rains, the entire Narpuh area in East Jaintia Hills District has been facing a power outage for months.
The district authorities have alleged that these writers have violated the rules of the government by inviting more than 50 people.
Goyal said the biggest problem is the lack of mobile network and the contractors who have to install the smart meter have to talk to the network provider companies so that there will be no interruption in the implementation of the smart meter. meter, especially as it is also necessary to implement a mobile app where the public can get accurate information regarding how to calculate the electricity bill.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Games 2019-20, the biggest sports tournament in the state, ended on Thursday amidst the hopes of the young athletes of the state.
“The raids under my jurisdiction which are still fighting with the Syiem are 12 raids from Mawlieh, Wahkhen, Nongkhlieng, Nongblai, Mawja, Mukertila, Hynriewkur, Nongshken and Lting. -Nongsohphan, Raid Nashain, Raid Shatwait, Raid Pyrjan,” he added.
Speaking as the chief guest, Ma Vincent Pala congratulated the members of this organization who have organized such events for the benefit and blessing of the youth so that they can avoid spending time in sports and other bad habits.
The contractors are Banalari Khongwar and Rocky Dhar. 600 meters constructed by Banalari has been completed by 95% and 2.400 km constructed by Rocky Dhar has been completed. about 40%.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 93304 and out of these 91390 have recovered.
The Dorbar Shnong Thangskai will lodge a complaint against this news and wants the police to investigate to find out who is involved in spreading rumors about the village. Thangskai Village Headman.
In 2011, three Directors were appointed.
The State Government has directed all those who have been treated at the hospital after 22nd October 2020, to send themselves for testing immediately. There is no talk of closing the gates to the villages, but it is a responsibility to fight against this disease and the starting point is to go to the doctors and to follow the rules and regulations announced by the State Government from time to time.
Bdws.
He said that the Dorbar Shnong has expressed to the SP that more police are needed to patrol the border of Lapangap Village to provide protection to the people who go to work in the fields in the morning. in the morning.
When asked by Fantin J Lakadong whether the EC intends to set up its own Tourism Department, Pathaw denied that the EC will look into it if necessary. under the Council Assets Department.
So he says – that those who believe in me the works that I do they will also do.
In Type 1 diabetes, also called insulin-dependent diabetes, the pancreas cannot produce enough insulin to lower blood sugar.
“Of course, I am not saying that there is no concern but to address these concerns the path of confrontation is not necessarily going to help address these problems.
Clifford Marak, Dr. Donkupar Roy, Paul Lyngdoh, Titos Chyne, Dr. Donkupar Roy, Paul Lyngdoh, Titos Chyne, Jemino Mawthoh and Bah Embhah Syiemlieh (UDP) who demanded that the ILP should be allowed to be discussed. After this, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Bah Brol Nongsiej and Bah Remington Pyngrope turned to the table of the Lamphang and shocked and interrupted the speech of the Lamphang. He announced that the dorbar will resume at 11.45 pm.
I cannot go to the election if my team is not ready and that is the NPP.
On the allegation that he had held their pass book for three days, Bah Chyne said that Sylvia has two accounts and two pass books. Sylvia said that only one pass book was allowed but on Saturday she brought back only one pass book. The Branch Manager of MRB explained that the pass book of Sylvia, who lives in Mawsiatkhnam, has been lost due to lack of knowledge. Bah Chyne also expressed his surprise at the claim of Sylvia that she has withdrawn the money herself. T.20,000 tyngka by saying that it has withdrawn only T.10,000 and the bank has all the necessary documents to prove that it has withdrawn.
Shillong, July 3: The MDA-II government under the leadership of the NPP has set up another State University named Williamson A Sangma. State University as a sign to honor the name of the former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Capt.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) is one of the newest political parties in the state under the leadership of Bah Ardenmiller Basaiawmoit. shops, roads, inside vehicles and especially on social media platforms by saying that perhaps only this new party can provide the best and most efficient service to the rule of law in the state.
On this occasion, the union expresses its special thanks to the Executive Engineer, and the union looks forward to the implementation of these promises, for the benefit of the people. FKJGP Mawthir Unit President Skalanboxis Paliar and FKJGP Mawthir Unit Kiewdonbok Ramri General Secretary said.
Two thousand tyngka each will be awarded to the best actor and actress.
When asked whether these demand letters are true or not as the HNLC has denied its involvement in the case, the Chief Superintendent of Police said that at present, the department has not been able to take any action. Police are conducting investigation into the matter.
There are 45 people living in these Corona Care Centers and all of them are women and the food and drink for these 45 people has been paid for by the donation of private individuals to the Dorbar Shnong Jaiaw Pyllun. The Dorbar Shnong Jaiaw Pyllun has accepted the donation of these funds from these organizations and private individuals. Thank you very much for this donation and it has been a great blessing to those who live in the Corona Care Center especially that these 45 people cannot go to work because of their physical illness. .
From the officers to the young came to bring their families.
EGH had to chase a target of 57 runs to win and managed to complete with seven wickets left.
And there are times when parents want their children to be left alone.
The arrival of Luzinho Faleiro in Shillong has shocked those opposed to Mukul Sangma who was scheduled to arrive on the 12th and 13th of this month.
“We don't get the right price for transportation from the dewbilat factories, but now the new government through the Transport Department has encouraged us,” he said. Nidamon Chulet said that these factories have shown too much capacity and do not want to increase the price to 9 tyngka per kilometer per tonne on rong roads, T.10 per tonne on maw roads and T.12 per tonne on khohruh khohram roads. it tons.
In the first leg, Pohkseh SC beat Imson SC 3-0
Nongpoh: U Dr. Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition in the State Government, along with other Congress MLAs, today visited the Maternity and Child Hospital, Umran Niangbyrnai and The Civil Hospital Nongpoh, which the state government has announced to be the treatment center for Covid-1
Speaking on Saturday, Nihim said he is ready to fight the Prime Minister and he will prove to him how strong he is.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: Pynursla Police today arrested a teacher at Mawlynnong School on charges of raping a 6 year old student.
They also requested the government to give more time to the team writers to renew their licences.
The State Government may issue another order ban ban the import of fish from outside the State if it is found that there is still the presence of formalin in the fish.
The Association has received complaints from fellow contractors that some departments even after calling for tenders, the way they award the work is biased and awards it to those people who are Ministers.
There are 40 places where the examination papers of teachers have been lost and these are the ones that the CBI has already investigated and now it has put pressure on the CBI to find out again. Those documents that have been lost, even though they are in 8 examination centres, have only Xerox documents.
It is also said that Macmillan was also a son who used to fill the household by buying water.
He will still have to transport the seriously ill to Shillong.
The body of this woman was found lying on the ground.
Surprisingly, since the people heard that Pullstar Nongsiej, the brother-in-law of Bah LG Nongsiej, former MDC of Nongstoiñ, the people have protested and turned to the UDP. they don't know the candidate.
New Delhi: Sonia Gandhi today took over as the interim leader of the Congress party after leading the party for 19 years.
“On the absence of the two HSPDP MLAs, he said, “They came here, but I don't know where they went, they went to the toilet.
In the last minutes of the first half, Diengdoh showed his bicycle kick skills, while Don Boklang Lyngdoh, who used to score well for Rangdajied, showed his bicycle kick skills. he struck well with his right foot in an attempt to score the ball.
“This program we are conducting now shows that we don't just talk but we also show by our actions,” he said.
At this meeting, the elders and women from the constituency who have joined the party will be welcomed.
Struggle.
He ruled from India to Ethiopia, which was a great empire at that time.
The BJP has won Mawsynram from 25 seats, Raksamgre from 44 seats, Ferlin Sangma from Salsella from 48 seats, Gambegre from 56 seats and Samuel A. Baghmara from 60 seats. Try.
They cannot be judged like this.
However, when planting in fields, it can be done in one of two ways: (1) by planting directly in the field, and (2) by planting from the fields.
Bah Khongsit said that the Minister of Urban Affairs, has said that the reason why the government has not been able to implement these garbage dumps is because of the Covid-19 pandemic. The department will open these offices in Marten this month.
Referring to the youth, Dr Mukul said that the MDA government does not have the spirit to look after the problems of the youth especially to appoint them in vacancies.
Khliehriat, March 19: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District has expressed its deep sorrow over the rejection of youths who went to apply for jobs in the Civil Defense and Home Guard Department on the 14th of this month. They have met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District and urged him to take action on this issue.
Shillong: The 22nd Kur Warjri Dorbar was held at Mawkneng on 9th November 2018 with the participation of thousands of Kur Warjri.
The reasons are outside the KHADC. These are the reasons :-tbit how to explain.
In her soul, she understands that leaving home to work somewhere makes her connected with this society in any form.
“Those who go for treatment can call the MHIS Laitumkhrah office or call me to help them get registered there,” he said.
“He used to call but I didn't go, and that day I played PUBG for a long time until 5pm, and he called me and spoke in Pnar. he came to me in a scoty and he knew my house, I didn't know how he knew.
Earlier, he said that the time has come for Meghalaya not to join Assam in the Joint Cadre as this has caused great harm to Meghalaya.
At the same time, the Secretary of AMAWHU said that the union has demanded from the state government to increase the salary to T.1000 per month like in other states of India.
Although the team did not qualify for the semifinals, the girls of Maw U-Tieng have now managed to take the lead except for the second and first place teams of the group with 6 points. in third place from this list.
Faustina.
He said that the place where animals affected by LSD (as well as surrounding areas) should be treated with Sodium Hyphochlorite (2-3%) or Phenol (2%/1 min) or Formalin (1%).
Both the two wickets of Ri Bhoi were lost for run outs.
In another match, Khliehmawlieh Youth Club beat Wasa FC 4-1 in the Group-D match in Tura.
“It is useless for you to sit there if you cannot look after the Jaitbynriew.
Raising a supplementary question, Bah Gabriel urged the Prime Minister to include Nongstoiñ in the Smart Town Project.
Bah Sumar was born on July 15, 1941 and passed away at the age of
He said that this warning is not only for the residents of Umran and surrounding villages near the river and also for the travelers on the National Highway-6 If found guilty, the union will take strong measures to hand over to the relevant authorities to ensure the cleanliness of the state government.
He said that through the availability of the bio metric data record, it can be prevented from having too many names on the electoral roll, or those who have three or four names of the same person. Those people have a purpose behind it and the presence of this bio metric record cannot be verified as those people who have more than one name.
He said the NDRF will send a report as it has reached the scene to ensure the rescue of them all.
He said that such incidents are seen every day.
These commercial vehicle drivers also said that even if they charge too many passengers, as soon as they reach the police station, the traffic will look at them and they will be arrested and beaten there.
One day, what shocked Barbara, was that when she came home with an AK 47 rifle, she realized that her son had committed many crimes using the internet and received information that the gun was passing through Poland to Bulgaria to escape the arrest of investigators; Fortunately, she was able to take the gun with her own hands and handed it over to the police.
The BJP leaders have agreed that there should be no leader from Garo Hills as for many decades the leader has been from Khasi Jaintia Hills.
The search and arrest of all suspects is ongoing.
The training is on Integrated Farming (Small Farmers) which teaches farming methods and rice cultivation methods for farmers who do not have a large area.
Shillong, July 30: U Never Lamurong, 26, of Shillong, has lodged a complaint with the Khliehriat Police Station, that on the evening of the 28th of this month, one of his employees, Kapil Chandra Dey, 26, They fled with T.7 lakh tyngka.
The Minister said that in collaboration with the Bill & Milind Gates Foundation, a global philanthropic organization run by Microsoft founder Bill Gates and his ex-wife Melinda, the Karnataka Model has been launched. The school guidance program was implemented in Haveri, Davangere, Tumkur and Yadgir districts.
Mamata's decision came after she visited the Police Commissioner's residence after a CBI team visited the Commissioner's residence and police arrested her. “Narendra Modi and Amit Shah have worked together to destroy Bengal and are planning to overthrow the government by force, because I held an opposition meeting on 19th July.
Speaking to media, former General Secretary of KSU Bangalore Unit, Samla Amos Syiemlieh said that there has been a delay in the past years due to the lack of land by the Karnataka Government for the construction of the Meghalaya House. He said that the Government has also invited an Expression of Interest (EOI) to start the construction of the Meghalaya House in Bangalore.
He said that this action of the government affects the lives and livelihoods of the people.
Regarding this request, the state government is still waiting for a reply from the central government.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Sanbor Shullai praised the service of the drivers and encouraged them not to be selfish when doing any job because all the work is worthwhile. donburom if you work right.
The GNLA also alleged that Reding is mentally ill and is undergoing treatment and is a member whom the party has given the authority as one of the leaders but he has not. can work according to the job you hold.
Nongpoh, July 21: The National Ayush Mission, Ri Bhoi District in collaboration with the Block Development Officer, Bhoirymbong C&RD Block in collaboration with the Block Development Officer, Bhoirymbong C&RD Block today They took part in the celebration of International Yoga Day in Bhoirymbong.
He said that he has received complaints from these two villages that hundreds of Bangladeshis have entered the village to steal goats, cows and cattle and quarry stones to transport by boat to Bangladesh.
He said the duo performed a miracle in which they arrested two people while they were stealing the car tape of a car parked near the cathedral.
The HSPDP has proposed the name of MDC Morningstar Mawsor.
Also present on the occasion were Bah FB Chyne, Executive Engineer of SMB, Bqah Ricky Shullai, Co-Chairman of Meghalaya Tourism, residents of Laban Market and Rangbah Shnongs from the 7 Dorbars of Laban.
Jowai, July 04: The 3rd Sniawbhalang Football Tournament 2023 was held today at the Wahiajer Stadium.
They were afraid of being arrested.
The number of cases of Coronavirus in Meghalaya has risen to 12, the Chief Minister said today.
There are many men and women who have the talent to sing along with the musical instruments which are truly the source of inspiration for the country and the nation.
The mask should be worn by all marshals when leaving the house.
The event was attended by Bah Luistar Lyngdoh President of FKJGP North Khasi Hills District as the chief guest, Bah Liander Nongshli as the chief guest. Assistant Rangbah Shnong Wanphrang Sumer, Principal of Christian Higher Secondary School, parents and students who were honoured on the occasion.
For the first time in years, Israel is said to have reactivated the C-Dome missile defense system to protect and deter missile attacks. to attack the southern part of the city of Eilad on that day.
Shillong: U Teiborlang Pathaw, EM in charge of Council Asset Department, in reply to a question by Bah RV Lyngdoh, regarding the expenditure of the KHADC on the construction of the office. , said that in the last four years, Rs 80.03 crore has been spent.
The team of Sibsingh Govt.
On the part of Ms. CW Lyngdoh, she advised the children on the three rights of children, the right to live in society, the right to participate in any activities and the right to right to education especially children under the age of 14 years.
The second day of the 5th Meghalaya Games held in Ura, West Garo Hills District on Tuesday saw the end of several disciplines. .
The Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) has selected pace bowler Shaheen Afridi for the upcoming Test series next month. Muhammad Huraira and Aamir Jamal are the other players who have been called up for the third time for the tournament.
To empower the police by taking measures together with the authorities to fight against criminals and to reach the scene quickly, vehicles have been parked at various police stations and outposts. including the provision of two-wheelers to reach places quickly in times of great urgency.
According to the tender called by the PWD, the cost of the construction of the bridge is estimated at T.14.80 lakh and the deadline for the construction of the bridge is 15 days. bridge.
The Pastor, during the meeting, demanded that the authorities of the office, should follow the rules of the Supreme Court, where they cannot order the elderly, who withdraw money from the office. The petition was signed by Pastor Basaiawmoit, Rev K Pyrtuh, Augustine Jyrwa and Rapborlang Nongrum.
“Your start from small will lead you to the top in your future,” said the Working President of MSOA. Also present on the occasion was Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh MLA Mawphlang who is also the President of the MSOA. SSA, MSOA General Secretary Bah Finely Pariat, officers of the Sports and Youth Affairs Department, office bearers of the state associations, parents of the players and others.
Police have arrested Nur Muhammad from Sonatary village under Tarabari PS Barpeta.
The psalmist sings – “It is the Kingdom of peace that reigns within, it will last as long as the days go by”.
Meghalaya, on the other hand, has opposed this inclusion after independence, admitting that these areas are occupied by its own villagers.
It is learned that on Friday while these three girls were planning to go to church at Mawsikar, three Langrut policemen of Assam stopped them. Police have arrested 20 years old, 18 years old and 17 years old.
Arun Singh said Rikman Momin has been appointed by the party's senior leader, Jagat Prakash Nadda.
Babu L.Kynta, Teacher, Mawlyndun UP School, Bah Robet Khonglam, urged all the parents, youth and students to work hard and pursue education. , Robinson Khonglam, Rangbah Shnong Mawlyndun and Kong Thlida Marbaniang.
On the other hand, the President of the SWKDBA, Bah HS Diengdoh, congratulated and blessed the 13 players who will take part in the 28th State Badminton Championships. in Nongstoin from 02nd to 05th November,
“It is only to discuss the lack of governance in Meghalaya, where you don't need to know me,” he said.
According to sources, the network has been suspended since 7th June, but the network is still in operation till today.
The KSU also said that this action of the government will discourage and deprive many youngsters who are willing and talented to play basketball.
They said that the delay in calling for the interview will affect especially those who are older, those who are close to the overage age, those who have the opportunity only this year and if The government has delayed to call for the interview. The completion of the MTET has no meaning when the age of job seeking has expired.
The ban on government employees from remarrying while they are still married is also very dangerous.
Mawlai MLAs, MDCs and the village administration have failed to put pressure on this issue.
Samedonhi Sukhalin 9' and Steady Sutnga 18' scored the second goal for Shnongrim.
The Treaty of Yandaboo At the beginning of the 19th Century, a war broke out between the British Government and the Burmese Empire which lasted for many years.
“We don't need Amit Shahban to explain on this issue because we all know what CAB is,” he said.
He was accompanied by officers from relevant departments and agencies implementing Central Government schemes.
Shillong: Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, who is not contesting MP this time, has accompanied Ma Vincent Pala, who is the Congress candidate to campaign across the Khasi Jaintia Hills. .
Shillong: The HITO Seng Kmie today strongly condemned the attempt by two bloodthirsty men to take the life of Salmon Rymbai at Sohshrieh Mukhla village. midnight on October 9, 2023.
The Seng strongly opposes this blind behavior of VWSC Bataw and demands that other families whose names have not yet appeared in the list of beneficiaries should be included in the list of beneficiaries so that it will be a blessing to all the residents of Bataw Village.
Twenty-three Indian soldiers, including the commanding officer of the 16th Bihar Regiment, Colonel Santosh Babu, were killed in the clashes in Galwan area of ​​Ladakh.
Such an ethnic division exists in other parts of the West and has been forcibly destroyed over the years and centuries for whatever reasons by the violence of the majority and powerful peoples against the minorities and respect border.
The JAC will seek clarification from the state government on the delay in opening the B.Ed College in Jowai where the building for classes has already been constructed by the government at Mynthong Jowai.
These seven areas include Langpih in West Jaintia Hills District, Borduar, Nongwah-Mawtamur in Ri-Bhoi District and Block-I in Psiar-Khanduli in West Jaintia Hills District. .
Earlier, Sungoh had alleged that the purpose of the new armed group was to intimidate the Khasi Pnars living in Block I, on the border between West Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills. Karbi Anglong especially in the parts of Labang-Nongphyllut-Pangam Raliang District.
“The Meghalaya State Commission for Women sends its condolences to the family of (L) Walinda Binong.
We have here a candidate who is willing, able and able to revive the stronghold to protect the country and the nation.
The march will be held from Bishop Hall Nongstoiñ to Congress Bhavan and before the rally, there will be a general meeting of the party at Bishop Hall at 11:30 pm.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah T. Lyngwa, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, expressed his special gratitude to the students who have been able to showcase their talents. between competitions in different categories.
The nomination hearing will take place on 8 June and the deadline for withdrawal of nominations is 10 June 2023.
“The Government of India should know that the North East is not a garbage dump and a garbage dump will be thrown into this region by smugglers whether they are Indian or Muslim,” said the chairman. NESO and Mr. Samuel Jyrwa.
Nongstoiñ, July 25: Residents of Umkyllaiñ area below Nongstoiñ town on Saturday found a body in the check dam in the Umkyllaiñ River. which is located in the village of Urkali.
“There was a man who ran fast because he was being chased by a snake, so he fell on a tree and when he reached the top of that tree there was a fish. and so he opened his mouth and felt the cleanliness that flowed , and because of the excessive cleanliness and excessive sweetness he forgot those troubles that awaited him at the bottom of the house uta U dieng"This story is exactly like our leaders today, while they have not yet received what they want, they show and pray that they are indeed those leaders who truly love the country and the nation. .
Conrad said the government has not set a time limit for the completion, but the goal is to complete it as soon as possible without delay as this work requires a complete resolution.
Pastor RG Laloo and Elder Dr Nongkhlaw have been arrested by the Bihar Police.
The Supreme Court on Tuesday questioned the CM why it has set up so many groups to ban the use of pesticides even though the judges have ordered that it has It is clear that it is the government's responsibility to take this decision.
“It would have been better if there were no MLAs in the ruling party,” said the NPP leader. Leave and join the NPP because they know that the TMC has no future.
Besides, on the 15th of this month, hundreds of residents of Khanduli were angry and destroyed the signboard erected by the Forest Department of KAAC for the purpose of collecting taxes in Khanduli. .
It is learned that the bridge has been closed for about two years since the Cherry Blossom Festival in 2022 and the closure of the bridge is still in force.
Babul Suting urged the people to take advantage of all the schemes launched by the central government such as Gas Connection for mothers who do not have BPL cards, financial assistance of T. 6000 tyngka for poor mothers and to go for examination at government hospitals including Ultra sound and all tests on the 9th of every month free of charge, to also do insurance schemes In any bank where you have an account in case of loss of members you will receive T.1 lakh to T.2 lakh tyngka. The household will receive 2 lakh tyngka.
There is no bad or destruction of the roads, no suffering of the people.
When the media visited Mawponghong area opposite Tyrsad village, which is one of the villages under Mawphlang, the polling is still underway, for the mid-term elections. The election saw a strong turnout of the people to cast their votes.
The funeral service will be held tomorrow 10.5.2022 at 12 noon at the Moosiang Lamare New Cemetery.
Jowai: Hundreds of households in Khliehriat West have been affected by the lack of electricity for about six months.
In another incident, police said that on 18th June at about 8 pm, unidentified robbers shot and beat Tek Bahadur Thapa (34 years old) at Khlieh. He was taken to Civil Hospital, Shillong for treatment after sustaining minor injuries.
In the past few days, US troops have left the airport in Bagram, where they have been stationed for 20 years, in the war-torn country.
On the desire of the ethnic parties to convict him, HDR said, “People want, the decision is up to God, we Christians believe that, the people see the works I have done. I have dedicated my body and soul to serve the people,” he said.
Pala won more than 2 lakh votes for the MDA candidate in the last MP election.
The following are the benefits to the people through the implementation of the ILP: A. Firstly, the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA), 2019 will no longer be implemented in Meghalaya as a whole because there is a provision in the CAA. that this Act shall not apply to the States where the ILP is in force.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad said that in Khasi Hills and parts of Ri-Bhoi District, all works have come to a standstill.
She said that she does not rely on the KSU, FKJGP, HNYF or any private individual to run her activities, especially when she has an intention to carry out any activities.
The governor of Kharkiv said that that morning, Russia fired about 15 missiles and that too according to the ability to hear by the ear.
In another match, Chelsea beat Crystal Palace 3-1, with Morata scoring two goals and Pedro one.
Shillong, Nailar 11 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today launched the Chief Minister's Solar Mission and announced that the Government will allocate up to T.100 crore per annum for the implementation of this Mission in the State. .
To improve my knowledge, courage and to overcome my shyness I have created another YouTube Channel or various videos.
Four houses in Nongmensong built by the Urban Development Department of the state government for the accommodation of poor families have started turning into slums.
Ampareen Lyngdoh said that she has an understanding with the staff of the 108 Emergency Services and any decision should be taken without any problems.
“As a young man who has experienced and seen from home the poverty, Bah Michael, who also completed his Master Degree from Kings' College, London, also worked abroad for a while before returning to “I have experienced from my own country and to get a government job you need to recognize the elders and nepotism affects the youth. look for those who have a higher education.
Today, the Prime Minister declined to meet with these groups due to the many meetings and because they did not take the time to meet with him. They have filed a petition demanding that the state government should fill in the MOU signed recently on the boundary of the six sites.
Earlier, the BJP had decided that it would be ready to contest the MP election if the MDA feels necessary, which means that the BJP will listen to the voice of its allies.
“I'm glad you've agreed because I want to get some water. If I don't get some water, I'll catch it.
The death toll from the coronavirus in the United States has risen to 2,502 in the past 24 hours, bringing the total to 60,0
Badminton star Kidambi Srikanth's journey in the Singapore Open Super 500 tournament has been successful after he won his first victory.
However, we cannot say that there is one characteristic that is opposite and completely different.
M Chetry scored two goals in the 80th and 84th minutes.
Instead of avoiding this problem due to the lack of space, there has been a plan and preparation on the part of the government through the City Department to implement this coupon which is a new and improved method. differently than to do.
Adding that the department has received the cooperation of the people, Dr. Bishnoi said that the department will have to be ready for future challenges.
He said that some MLAs although they are now in different parties like Congress, TMC or independent MLAs but now they have started to understand the unity and thus they have turned to the UDP. “It is difficult to unite, and we have heard that the rithor parties like Congress, BJP, NPP and so on, they say that the national parties do not unite.
In the second match, NEHU Shillong beat Ribhoi Colleges 5-0 and in the third match, Seng Khasi College beat St. Francis D'Assissi College, Nongstoin 5-0 -4 to shut says it's a tie breaker.
They also requested that the PWD should order the company to clean up the area.
Deibormi Nongpoh, Head of Khasi Department, delivered a key note address on the theme of Independence of India and the Independence of Meghalaya.
Police have stopped a Hyundai Santro with registration number TR-01-AB-0422 and seized the suspect and arrested the driver and one of the vehicles. even.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: For the first time, the Minister in charge of Education, Government of Meghalaya, Rakkam A.Sangma, has sent a message of congratulations to the students who will sit for the Secondary School Leaving Examination. Certificate (SSLC) and Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC) which will start from October,
If Meghalaya has to move forward, we need to have these tourism-related programmes,” he said.
The true foundation of knowledge comes first from education. The word education comes from the Latin word 'Educare' which means the development of a person from his inner potential. ) and to lead to the holistic development of the physical, mental and spiritual.
Ms Synrem, has lodged a complaint against the law which prohibits Khasi women from participating in the election of Rangbah Shnong and has also lodged a complaint against the election of Rangbah Shnong, which was held in
The Seng urges all the citizens to register immediately if anyone wants to register especially those in the border areas.
Because according to the rules of law, those who have received a Mining Lease can mine only from the area which is already on the record of the government through the Forest Department.
Shillong, Naitung 11: The Dorbar Shnong Madanriting will witness the laying of the foundation stone for the inclusion of the village to benefit from the MGNREGA schemes or 100 days bill schemes on the 15th November,
This is the song of the Khasi.
“The UDP as we have seen through the media has confirmed that they should be evacuated from the area and this is an encouragement because we know that the UDP is a party that supports We know that if the UDP really wants, it can achieve this goal,” said the statement. The Punjab Government, the NHRC, the Minority Commission and the Government In the meantime, everyone should see that the area is no longer suitable for the accommodation of people and the relocation of them will bring health to them and the well-being of all.
I have to sell 8-10 antibiotics a day to run the game,” said Bachchan.
The four include two from the ruling party, the wife of Chief Minister Dikkanchi D Shira and Winnerson Sangma and two from the opposition, TW Chyne and Witting Mawsor.
When we look back at the past years, we see that the leaders, politicians, various civil society organizations (especially the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC)) are very happy and don't want to shake hands or point out the delays and slowness of the electricity department and the load shedding.
Meghalaya has to construct 1625 kilometers of roads in the state under the PMGSY scheme by 2015 and it has been underway for three years and will end in
He said the BJYM also demands that he should clarify and give an exact figure of how much they have spent and what benefits they have brought so that the people of the state can understand this.
The following are some of the challenges we face in the Online Class: (1).
Personally and face to face I have seen that those who have lost their loved ones and those who are still close to them express their fear and anxiety because they are afraid of the authorities.
He said that perhaps they have seen the works he has done as an MLA even though he is in the opposition. “How much more if I am in the ruling party,” he said.
However, the residents of the area are sad that the PWD has not built the road from Lailad to Borsora and from Nongjri to Bakli.
After receiving information about the flight of his children into the forest for 13 days, Sirdar Nonglang sent his Secretary to the Hima Shri Birbor Riangtem and his men to inspect the forest. this village.
Laloo expects the state government to implement the NGT order properly and that the government will direct the PWD department to build adequate and proper drains and also the PHE department. , will provide low-cost toilets, so that there will be no going out to the outskirts of the city.
The village has also submitted a letter to the MP regarding this initiative so that the youth of the village as well as the neighboring villages can showcase their talents.
After the complaint of the people about the difficulty in transporting the patients, the JSU has lodged a demand with the Chief Minister, the Ministers of Health and the DHS which has been fulfilled today.
He said there are some issues with tenants.
The Delhi High Court today warned the Indian government that it will be prosecuted for contempt of court if it does not immediately deliver oxygen to Delhi today.
It is learned that up to 90 percent of the cases in these days are from the corona delta virus and it is therefore considered that this is a sign that we need to be vigilant and protect ourselves. He said that through the preparedness, the third wave of the disease, therefore, the protection of the people, is the top priority.
I am a little relieved that many of our students have already left Manipur and tomorrow Monday, we have about 29 students who will leave Manipur because in the past few days we have “It's a good idea to send the students who are under us first,” said Samla.
After this, the police called the 108 Ambulance.
On June 2, the two teachers were charged under Section 23 of the Juvenile Justice Act
The CEM also called on everyone to forget about their own interests but to turn to the interests of the country and the nation by avoiding the love of wealth or rejoicing in their own interests.
Tomorrow, Sailung Ialong will play against Dulong at 2.30 pm.
“According to a report dated January 22, 2023, it has been shown that 70 students in the city have been using buses provided by the government.
This also affects your budget if you use too much alcohol or smoke.
This is the first committee and we have taken some decisions after discussion and also through the suggestions of the members”.
In North Korea, Kim Jong-un, the country's ruler, has issued a strict decree for those who wear blue clothes, including wearing shniuh lymmuh dai and then, The dress code has begun to spread among North Korean youths.
The meeting of the HSPDP North Shillong held today at Mawkhar was attended by many youths, women and elders.
Don’t rush into the bedroom with any guy.
All the expenses including awards and memorabilia were covered by the village authority.
“What I am afraid of is that we have made a mistake in the way we compose the songs because as the days go by, we have seen that the songs have increased the value of the special meaning of the Khasi words,” he said. Speaking as the Chief Guest at the opening ceremony of the State Level Symposium organized by the Khasi and History Department of Sohra Government College on Friday on the topic – The Valuation of Khasi Songs by different artists.
The government order also states that all those who enter the state will have to be screened before entering the state.
Want to tip Really.
Those ancient thlen, who used to say that the elders, when they didn't get any food from abroad, they ate the food from their own house.
The KSU has suggested to the DC to sign an MOA with the companies in the district where these factories should employ youth for at least 5-10 years in one company. Welding, Technician, Mechanical and others from ITI Khliehriat.
Before this, although we knew that we had walked on this path, we didn't know when and how this would happen but now it is clear,” said Conrad.
“Kashmir is part of India, there is no doubt about that.
Ampati, November 11: The Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Justice Sanjib Banerjee on Tuesday inaugurated the new District and Session Court Complex at Ampati. In the presence of MLAs Dikkanchi D Shira and Winnerson D Sangma.
Today's match will be between NEHU, Shillong vs. Khadsawphra College, Mairang at 8.00 pm, Ri Bhoi Synod College, Umsning vs. Shillong College at 10.00 pm and St. Anthony's College, Shillong at 10.00 pm. against Morningstar College at 12.00 pm.
For Meghalaya, Raj Biswa scored 56 runs with four fours and three sixes.
When this reporter tried to find out the method of cooking from the place of cooking, it was reported that the meat was cut and cooked behind the church but no accurate information was received. The Rangbah Shnong, the Secretary of the Village and the church leaders have all arrived at the hospital.
Sounder recalled that the leaders in the past years were the true leaders and legislators but now they are the true money makers because from 1972 to 1983 there were no true leaders. They have passed a law to protect the land and that is the “Land Transfer Act” so that other ethnic groups can no longer come to buy land at will.
He said that this action of the department has caused problems to at least 4000 MeECL employees who do not receive their salaries on time and even to the pensioners. been deprived for 3 years now.
“Khublei” came and greeted my mother.
Shillong, Nailar, 31: The Khasi Jaintia Church Leaders Forum (KJCLF) on Tuesday strongly condemned and expressed its deep shock and sorrow over the destruction of the sacred objects of the oldest Catholic Church. in the city of Daram.
This was announced in a statement by Bah M.Kharkrang, Secretary.
Meshanbor Thangkhiew, 7 years old, said, “I have learned how to be a brave child, to get rid of bad habits and also to show respect wherever I am.
These include free health schemes, specialized training in employment, for women, food allowance of T 3000 per month for women. 200 units of electricity will be provided to BPL households, LPG cylinder will be distributed to BPL households. to BPL households and a special market will be set up for women only.
To assist the households in the rural areas to check through the MGNREGA job card holders who have registered to receive the same share as those who have registered in Meghalaya Building and Construction as many of the contractors have not yet registered themselves. in this.
SHILLONG: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laskein Circle led by Balawan Suchiang and Secretary Paul Lakhon Sutnga on Tuesday met and submitted a petition to the Minister of Home Affairs, James K Sangma. to establish Police Out Posts in Psiar and Mukroh and to upgrade Police Out Posts in Raliang.
Speaking to reporters, the Chairman of COMSO, Bah Robert June Kharjahrin, said that the Government has expressed the same views and opinions. The approval of the three provisions of the ILP and these three provisions of the ILP are intended to violate the existing law, the Meghalaya Registration Safety and Security Act (MRSSA).
At that time sir was teaching me, sir said Batei I will give you a chance to sing with Kumar Sanu and at that time sir said to me I said sir you are talking nonsense I'm not talking nonsense but I'm talking seriously because I want you to sing with Kumar Sanu.
The celebration was marked by the performances of the Self Help Groups who performed songs, dances and skits.
For the World Test Championship Final where Iyer will not be able to join the national team, Sarfaraz Khan has now been given the opportunity to play in the tournament after he was released. He has been rejected from the country's Test team in the past few days.
However, he said that he has not received any new complaints from the police, except for the nine, which he received during the protests, but in the new year. , no complaint has been received from the police, said Bah Blah.
In his speech, the DGP said that the condition of some areas in Assam has led to the desire of the residents of these areas to join the political parties. weapons.
The winners of the competition will receive a cash prize of T.2 lakh, the runners-up T.70,000 and the third place T.30,0
“The MDA government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma has started to change this.
That being the position, the notification, dated September 8, 1961, though issued after the power under paragraph 19 (1) (b) had ceased, was validly made as the power to issue such a notification under the Regulation did not lapse since the Regulation itself continues to operate.
Shillong: The PDF Zonal Committee of Shella Constituency on Tuesday decided to support the Congress candidate Bah Bantyngshaiñ Rynga for the MDC election 2019, according to a statement. Bines Ksanlah, President and General Secretary.
This is the first time that students from NEIGRIHMS have passed the Zonal level and reached the National level.
In the 83 KG category, Prakash Chetri, Shantanu Bor Thakur came second and Vijay Singh came fourth. In the 93 KG category, Nahin Pradhan and Pintu Ghosh, you came in second place.
So far, 963 cases have been confirmed in the state, 599 cases in East Khasi Hills, 92 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 18 cases in West Khasi Hills District, one case in South West Khasi Hills District. cases in West Garo Hills District, 8 cases in East Garo Hills District, 3 cases in East Garo Hills District, 221 cases in West Garo Hills District, 2 cases in South Garo Hills District, 10 cases in North Garo Hills District and South West Garo Hill District 4 people.
On the new amendment to the registration of voters in Sohra, Sohra MLA Titos Chyne strongly opposed and said that the hearing and registration of voters should be held in all the villages as usual. In the past, hearings should be held in all the villages and not in the Sub Division.
He also demanded that the governments of Meghalaya and Assam should meet immediately to discuss the incident.
“Ampareen has won Umsawli, she has won Sia Lieh, she has tried to defeat the people of Mawlai, we will not allow,” said Lyngdoh.
Leaders of FKJGP Nongstoiñ Circle accompanied by leaders of West Khasi Hills District Unit visited the road and found that the road needs to be improved as it is in the middle of the city. .
Agricultural prices and quality assuranceFarmers lack the opportunity to adjust crop prices at the time of planting.
Seeing the Governor raising the flag, he said he used to dream that one day he too would do the same to raise the flag of India and this childhood dream has come true after 70 years.
Of these, 8 cases in East Khasi Hills, 3 cases in civilians and 5 cases in soldiers.
Shillong, Nailar 9: The Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress today celebrated the 75th Anniversary of the Quit India Movement.
The program was led by Dr. Phervision Nongtdu, Principal of the College, who explained the purpose of the programme.
In a meeting with reporters, the NCP was accompanied by Congress leaders including Bah Oris Lyngdoh, in which the Congress expressed its gratitude to the NCP for its cooperation.
In the past, there were only Garo and no Khasi. In the past, the Garo Rangbah Shnongs were told but there was a group of Sengbhalang who opposed the issuance of Sanad.
Women MLAs in the State have expressed their appreciation and welcome to the Constitution Bill introduced by the Central Government in the Lok Sabha for the allocation of 33 per cent women as Members of the Legislative Assembly. of the country and state.
The road was cut off after the water flowing from the upper parts of the road had flooded inside and the road had been covered with snow until it was cut off.
He said that he did not enter this position of leadership for personal gain but he entered this position to improve human dignity and that justice will once again live in the society.
Shillong: The ruling National People's Party (NPP) in Meghalaya is a member of the North East Democratic Alliance (NEDA). Four MLAs, including two from the NPP, have joined the BJP to contest the upcoming elections from the party. year 2023.
As usual every year, there will be competitions prepared by the children of the Sein Raij such as Rwai, Siaw, Pliang, Phawer, Kynhoi, Mawpoin, Siat Knam, Quiz, Singing competition, Shad ka Kmen, traditional music and others to preserve the culture and traditions of the people of Hyniew Trep.
“We all remember that the market during the tenure of CEM Bah Ardent, how clean the market was and how the market owners felt the ownership of this sacred market as they used to say”, said Kong E.Blah, one of the market. from the market dwellers.
Has the horse of wisdom been ridden in golden coins? We are sorry that the school fees are too high.
This does not affect the 1000 days and we do not force the residents to contribute by force. It depends on the feelings of one or more residents.
Speaking to media, the Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah Sngiawbhalang Dhar said that the purpose of the meeting was to find land for the relocation of these urban areas. the people of Them market.
A total of 809 children including 397 boys, 412 girls and 36 managers participated in the three-day tournament.
When all the groups want to talk and return from the forest to the village, why does it treat us differently, is this different?”, he asked.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 26: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle, on Tuesday, expressed its concern over the lack of proper construction of the National Highway in Narpuh area. Immediately clean up the ground, trees, stones on the road and clear the path for vehicles passing through the road.
Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of the department and MLA Mawkynrew Constituency, has submitted a proposal to the North Eastern Council (NEC) to allocate funds for this project. crore to provide assistance to farmers.
Therefore, the rainwater flows directly on the road and destroys the clean colour.
Wells said that the Kur Sten, with the approval of the children and brothers of Prof. Sten, have been able to start an Award known as Prof. H.W.Sten Excellence. Award to 4 toppers of Kur Sten, which started since 6.4.2011 till now, some of them have completed their Ph.D.
Tiklu is survived by two children, wife, family members and friends.
India have also faced a major challenge in terms of their second place after losing 2-1 in their home matches against Australia this year. current year.
Not only that, through this exercise, it also strengthens the budlum, which is a very important part of supporting the whole body.
Thousands of residents of Sohiong village along with pastors, elders, Synod Women's and Youth Church office bearers, presbytery leaders and others witnessed the celebration.
However, the question above is where are these ministers of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government who share the same responsibility to fight the corona virus and to manage the development of the country? The state is all right.
Today, the Highway has been turned into a one way road with four lanes.
On the other hand, Helpful Patwet has denied any involvement.
Jonathone reportedly lost his life in the attack, which was estimated at 7.50 pm.
At present, the employees of JHADC are suffering from the loss of salary for tens of months and it could reach less than a year. This is the responsibility of the Council.
In the Under 17 category, Umphyrnai Presbyterian Secondary School will play against H. Elias Memorial Higher Secondary School at 12:30 pm. at 2 o'clock in the morning.
Thus, of all the states of India, Assam has the lowest production of tobacco.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: Former Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma who is also the TMC MLA from Songsak on Tuesday slammed the State Government for issuing an order to dismiss the Deputy Commissioner of North. Garo Hills after ordering an inquiry into the illegal import of kwai tyrkhong from Bangladesh and also into the smuggling of coal.
In this regard, a government source said that the state government has now decided not to put the VAB to the public for consultation.
This is Jerusalem: which I have set in the center of the NATIONS with countries all around her" Ezekiel 5:5.
Most of the anganwadi workers receive 5950 tyngka per month while their assistants receive 2975 tyngka.
According to the order, only small vehicles are allowed to pass through the road.
Besides, Bah Shakliar said that there will be 22 sports in this tournament, with the aim of developing the youth in various sports so that they can also participate in the tournament. participate up to the National Level.
On the other hand, Bah G.Sohshang Secretary of the Committee said that regarding the delay of the State Government in opening the Civil Sub Division, the Committee has already visited the They have met with former DC S.Kharlyngdoh and new DC Arun Kumar Kembhavi to inquire about the opening of the Civil Sub-Division. that they have not received any information from the government on this matter.
So far, they have been advised to leave the £600,000 council-provided home to avoid any risk to their lives and now her mother is in a They were hiding in police custody along with their four brothers, while their father is currently in Kuwait with their eldest brother.
Shillong, June 23 : U Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar has won the post of President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) after no candidates were elected despite the election for the new office bearers of the KSU. on the 06th of January.
The letter, which was released by James Sangma, was written on November 28, 2013, by Ajaju, recalling the assistance of the Chairman of the ANVC (B). They have urged many Garo MLAs to continue to support Dr Mukul Sangma.
These projects include the sports stadium at Chandrapur, and the development of the Nehru Stadium as a FIFA standard football stadium.
Friends United scored 186/6 in 20 overs, Kitdor Majaw scored 51 (43) and Ernestin Swer 42 (21) while Bikles Thawmuit took one wicket in three overs.
In this incident, these foreigners were attacked by unidentified persons, until one of these foreigners, whose name has not been identified, died due to severe injuries.
Since 2019, the militant group has received about `.12 lakh through remittance agencies, but to what extent the money was used for the Rameshwaram Cafe bomb blast should not be known. find out through an investigation, the source said.
Independent MDC from Mawhati, Bah James Sylliang and Sohryngkham MDC from HSPDP, Bah Pyniaid Syiem, have expressed their dissatisfaction with the CEM's behavior. walk away and be united.
In his speech, the Chief Guest urged the graduates of MBBS MD/MS Post Graduate, MSc.
On the other hand, KHNAM has sent a petition to the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma to complain about this, and he has also sent a petition to other political parties.
There are those who have issues or issues that have not been resolved by the Managing Committee (MC) and the Government.
The incident occurred on an American Airlines flight from Miami. The incident occurred on an American Airlines flight from Miami. sha Los Angeles.
The drug is designed in such a way that users won’t be able to tolerate it if they don’t get this substance.
In the current majority of political parties, it has used the leaders on how to maintain its own Syllok-ki parties throughout the five years of its rule; especially if there is no law against the Kyntiap-seng! There is no doubt that the MDCs do not need such a law because they are the leaders of the Jaitbynriew – so they are protected by the “Tip Briew–TiP Blei” law – “Earn the Right”! In such circumstances, there will be no time to discuss the issues of the Jaitbynriew which urgently need to be passed.
As soon as we saw these incidents, we talked to each other that we had received the advice of the famous poet and we told them to our friends.
This is where the journey of all these things begins.
Of these 18, 6 people lost their lives.
Here we see the value and power of love.
Eighteen women have reached the Top 20 of Matric while 8 women have reached the First Ten of Class XII Arts.
On Tuesday, Balaji was taken to Omandur Hospital in Chennai and at that time, Balaji was seen crying in the car, which took him to the hospital, while his supporters, They still gathered in the streets and shouted against the government of India.
West Jaintia Hills Police have arrested a DC from Jowai on Tuesday after he tried to apply for bail from the court on charges of extortion.
This shows that there is no longer any strength in the homes.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 29: On Saturday, October 26, 2022, Bah Medalsing Lyngdoh inaugurated the monument and the football ground at Mawbrei-Nongdom village. It is located in Mawkyrwat District.
He concluded by saying that such tournaments should be held from time to time in the state to select talented youth and that they can bring fame not only to the country but also to the country. in the sight of the whole world.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 28: Twenty households have been affected by the construction of a four-lane road by throwing stones in Pahamrioh village, Ri Bhoi District.
Meghalaya won the toss and elected to bat first and allowed Mizoram to tied first and scored 129 runs for the loss of nine wickets in 50 overs.
Nongthymmai are still in second place with 3 points from four games.
Pariat said that these children have been left without a protector and urged the public to take this responsibility to help these children who are facing such problems.
“We have seen how the ILP is fully implemented in Mizoram.
He said it is surprising why they have not used the 0 km on both occasions, from 0 km to 3 km which passes through the village due to the deterioration of the road.
However, if it is as it is until now, the government's expenditure to pay salaries to them is meaningless.
Mahendra Nath Pandey – Minister of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship22.
On the border dispute, the government has been holding talks with the Assam government to resolve the issue in the disputed areas.
The selection will be held at the Government Girls Higher Secondary School, Jail Road, Shillong at 9 pm.
Speaking to media after the filing of nomination papers, Dr. Ricky Syngkon said, “We hope that we will win this MP election.
The song was sung by Ebenezer Lapang and produced by DJ Mayan, while the melody was composed by Badbhoi.
“It is not an office job but it is our visit before the government authorities come to inspect,” said Pa'iem Ricky.
Speaking on the occasion, she explained how she came to fight for her own state, how it turned from the struggle of the leaders to the mass protest.
On the last day, our religious leaders will also flee from the presence of Jesus.
On the five issues.
There are also 60 Polling Stations to be opened by the Samla.
According to Dev, the Congress under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma will come back to power.
The Nehru Yuva Kendra Jowai, held a youth meeting at Vianney Hall of Marian Hill Higher Secondary School, Jowai on Saturday.
The question is: Apart from Basa Doh, Basa Dohkha and Basa, how many Khasi own or operate wholesale shops where you can choose from a variety of products? Furthermore, if there are those Khasi shops, have you ever heard that in some Khasi shops (which are usually located by ki kynja Longkmie), if you go to buy clothes – you choose, you stir and stir to look at the colour, to look at how they look, and so on – if the buyers are from the rural areas. the shopkeeper: “Don't shop if you don't want to buy...I have to arrange it”.
Members of the public can also call the War Room Helpline whose phone numbers have been made public.
Police have registered a case under Section 162 10) 13 of the IPC under Sections 447, 436, 511, 153A (2)/34 and Section 8A of the MMPO Act .
The Children's Day should be a wake-up call to the government, intellectuals, various groups that care about children, because the celebration is not just a gift, a gift. mit on this day, doesn’t matter much because the problem never runs away.
Elsabat Nongdhar took three wickets for Cricket Smit.
Despite the unemployment of this young woman, the man promised to give her and her mother a job and asked for T.1,30,000 so that he can give them a government job. his mother his son.
And this same love must restore the relationship, mutual respect and honor between fellow human beings and fellow creatures.
We also don’t support giving them seats.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 70 and the death toll has risen to
Can one person dismiss anyone without the knowledge of the RC, JRC? Can the Honorable Minister in charge of GAD resolve this incident or take responsibility for the violence of the contractor? How can our leaders fulfill their promises of employment to the youth of the State when they cannot do anything just to protect the right of a Khasi woman to be dismissed without any justice? information and without any reason what happened even inside the Government House of Meghalaya? This illegal act of the contractor and the unfair act of the Government authorities are against the fundamental right of the Khasi woman to continue in profession and the laws under the Industrial Dispute Act 1947 and the Industrial Dispute Act Contract Labor (Regulation & Abolition) Act 1970).
Although it was difficult for the Jews to accept or believe that Jesus was the Messiah, the Son of God, God could not forget them, He fulfilled and continues to fulfill His promise to the Jews or Israel.
Perhaps only the Town Committees are sufficient, which falls under the District Council, which means the Dorbar Shnong.
Sarot I Man has donated food and clothes to 19 children living in the orphanage.
In the Under-17 Boys, Sawlyngdoh HS School beat Syiem Jingsuk Secondary School 1-0
The Synod Youth, which was held at the Syngku Church, started on the 28th June and ended today. They went to witness and sing fervently, especially to hear the message from the Word of God which was distributed by the Two Senior Pastors of the Presbyterian Church.
During the quarantine period, those who have symptoms including fever, chills, weakness, illness, loss of appetite, difficulty in breathing, nausea, prayer and others the village leaders should be informed to take necessary action.
There has been a stir in the past few days, when the residents of Haolenphai, have built some houses in the area, which even the Manipur police have banned.
In a letter sent to the department, the KSU has ordered the department to correct all the mistakes and do so immediately, otherwise the KSU will not hesitate to order the people not to pay. the electricity bill has not yet been paid.
“So, there is no fear of politicians because this will be resolved.
Shillong, Nailar 05: The Joint Action Committee of All Teachers Association of Meghalaya (JACATAM) has decided to suspend school attendance from 22nd to 04th November for two months. They demanded that the government should take away the post of teachers who have about 14,000 teachers in the state.
The SP (City) said that it is not yet known whether these three persons are involved in other crimes.
Shillong, March 26 : The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James K Sangma, on Tuesday said that he has to consider the advantages and disadvantages of the demand raised by the BJP MLA from Pynthorumkhrah, Bah AL Hek said that doctors serving in the state should be allowed to buy land together in the state.
She said that they should be repatriated to their country.
This is also after the HITO campaigned against the NPP, especially the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong in the last elections.
All this will succeed only if each of us appreciates and understands the value of the right to freedom of choice without being misled or misused anywhere. the decision to choose among the candidates to serve as our representatives with discernment and experience.
They express and discuss with each other that the works that Jesus did were great, meaningful and useful, even though he could not fully accomplish them.
He said that there are those who say that the Congress cannot form a Government because it doesn't have enough people, but he reminded how (L) Dr. FA Khonglam even though he is alone as an Independent Candidate can still be an Independent Candidate. Chief Minister of the State Government, so it is not difficult for the Congress to form a government in the coming elections.
In the fourth match, Chilliangraij beat Nangbah Sports Association 4-0
The film is directed by Brightly Mynsong and produced by Mar-Chi Productions.
“What do you have...?” asked Hep.
NEDFi CMD PVSLN Murthy said that tourism-related startups have transformed the tourism industry in the North East.
The religions in this village are the Presbyterian Church, the Catholic Church and the Church of God (Meghalaya-Assam).
In his speech, Bah Enlang Sawian, Education Secretary, HYC Sengkmie, urged the students of the HYC Sengkmie to have a competitive spirit. .
He said that first of all we should eliminate the stigma and discrimination against those who have this disease and we should not avoid them but we should encourage and support them so that they will not be alone while they are alone. are in the midst of a fight against this disease.
In the accident, about three people were seriously injured including the driver of the auto truck and two passengers of the auto truck. They were rescued from the vehicle and after about 1 hour they were rescued with the help of the Search and Rescue Team. get these two.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Melina Shadap, a mother, said that at 2 or 3 pm yesterday, she was feeding her children at home, while her father was going to a farther place. Suddenly she heard a noise near the house and immediately went outside to look and saw that the fire was burning near the house and at that time she tried to call for help from the neighbors but they could not do anything because of the noise. The fire that burned in the morning was not from the wilderness.
He said that the people want the next government to fight against corruption, illegal activities and to regulate the smuggling of coal to fight against employment of the youth and also to fight against corruption. drugs.
A dam should be built lower than the current one, so that more water can be stored.
Speech was also delivered by Bah DL Nongbri, Secretary MFA, who congratulated the Lawmali Sports Club, which has a grassroots center for the children of the village. Through this garden of hers, she has been able to revive a talented player like Bonifilia.
If there had been no understanding between the police chiefs from Assam and these party leaders, before the arrival of the police from Ri Bhoi, it might have happened in a hurry today at Jatalong.
Shillong, July 16: The Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today criticized the management of the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) for their inability to implement the schemes. various as well as to curb the problems faced by the students in this university.
Shillong, Nov 10: The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills District has suspended the issuance of NOCs for the screening of Khasi films in cinema halls in Shillong.
Police are still searching for the suspects, but no arrest has been made.
A CPI(M) leader has been shot dead by people riding a two-wheeler in Ranchi, Jharkhand.
“As the people of the state, we need to trust the NPP which has fulfilled many promises in the last five years and if the NPP can form a government alone, it will pave the way for 50 years to fulfill them. “These are the demands of the youth, women, farmers and the people,” he added.
The government has a mission to ensure that every student has the opportunity to study in quality educational institutions with all the necessary facilities.
“Through this I believe we can reduce, control & stop, because as it is now trade and demand is free,” said Bah Nongrum.
Until the WOMEN World Organization was surprised by this independence of Mrs. Bishop.
Why should I blame everyone? Have the rich and the poor been turned into thieves? What is more surprising is that the BJP is one of the parties that worked with the NPP together with the UDP, HSPDP and PDF to form the MDA government. Do you blame the NPP for corruption? Doesn't the UDP have two ministers, Kyrmen Shylla and Lahkmen Rymbui, in the MDA government? Bah Kyrmen Shylla, in charge of the Social Welfare Department, has sold 5000 tonnes of rice to the market.
I urge everyone to follow the health rules and take good care of themselves".
Shillong: The HFU today visited Pynursla to launch the Khasi dubbing script for the film “JESUS” produced by Metro Goldwyn Mayer. thapniang to the area, where it was approved and accepted by the farmers to establish a branch of the organization.
Shillong: The coronavirus vaccination campaign was conducted at 238 places today and 9,487 people have been vaccinated.
Speaking on the occasion, PCCF CP Marak said that the rivers in the State are still clean for human use and the streams are still clean and underwater life can still be found.
Therefore, the government should take action to consider and investigate how to really develop this industry which is the richest industry in the state because if this industry increases the youth don't need to work anymore. turn to government jobs because they have got various jobs from this tourism industry.
In this incident, an expensive video camera used by them was damaged.
Speaking on the unfounded expulsion of him, including Pyniaid Sing Syiem MDC Sohryngkham, Nongsiej said, “At that time, Bah Hoping did not expel the party, he asked and threatened the people. Lajong” said LG Nongsiej and said that when there are those who allege and report that a member of the HSPDP has left for another party, Bah Hoping rebukes those who allege or allege. “If you say that he is a Congressman, he loves his own people, I think you remember Dr. Pariong, he does so much that he doesn't love him,” said Bah Nongsiej.
“If the Government of India takes action but if our MPs don't take action, how can Parliament approve these demands of the people?
We need good schools and teachers so that the state can move forward.
“If the prime minister has brought development works in his constituency, then he doesn't need to move from one place to another,” said Lab Singh.
In the second match, Andy Alwin Dkhar was named Player of the Match.
The song was performed by Saphira Kshiar and Rangkynsai Lynshing.
Another reason why the Seng leader has affected the recruitment process to fill the vacancies is the outbreak of COVID-19 in
Two are positive and two are negative.
Almost all the soldiers were from the north such as Bengal and the Gorkhas.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Chief Adviser of WJBA, Rudolf E Laloo said that the district does not have a shortage of talent in boxing players but he also said that the district needs infrastructure or sports grounds according to the present era. .
but we want to finish this work more quickly.
Shillong: The Rangbah Shnong of Wahlang Village, Bah Shngain Sing Nongbri together with some of the residents of Kyndong Wahlang Village today came to clarify the allegation of the former Secretary VEC of Kyndong Wahlang Village. Overwell Lyngdoh has denied all the allegations.
The BJP has slammed the Prime Minister for saying that the government has given advice to the foreign workers in Garo Hills after the incident in recent days.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs Iooksi Pyllun of 5 Waheh Shnongs on Monday together with the residents of the villages came out to build the road from Umdeinlin to Talow and Umbluh.
Meghalaya will receive 240.578 acres of land while 41.702 acres will go to Bangladesh.
The women who came to support the protest of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) to change the employment quota said that if they think only of themselves they don't feel useful to protest, but when they Thinking of the children has made them come to the Additional Secretariat.
Speaking on the opening of the Tynrai Hospital through herbal medicines, Bah Jasper Manih, President of RBTHA, said that the opening of the Tynrai Hospital has been a dream. to all the Khasi healers, so that they can continue to preserve the Khasi healing system through the Dawai Kynbat and at the same time, that it will be one of the tasks of preserving the ancient customs and traditions. through Herbal Medicine.
The chest number will be stored on a timing chip with two timing machines.
Adam, who is one of the leading filmmakers, received the award for his films in the presence of Drew Barrymore, Conan O'Brien and Chris Rock. , Jenni fer Aniston, Steve Busce mi, Dana Carvey and Luis Guzmán.
The Deputy Commissioner (Election), West Jaintia Hills District will hold a short film competition to attract new voters through the Systematic Voters' Education and Electoral Participation Program (SVEEP) for the Special Summary Revision of Electoral Roll 2022.
While they were eating, many stories came out and from time to time there was laughter.
The State Government has already purchased 807.7 acres of land in New Shillong Township and the purpose of this is to relocate the Sorar to alleviate the congestion in Shillong.
When asked who should blame the state government or the central government, Dr Sangma said nothing.
All Rangbah Shnongs have been ordered to cooperate with the Police to implement social distancing.
To take a jait from a man in the Khasi mind is like selling our own customs and traditions as we have been taught by our ancestors.
Meanwhile, Emlang Lytan, Rangbah Shnong of Nongthymmai, strongly criticized the leaders who shut their mouths at such a time when the jaidbynriew is facing difficulties.
“If this river is polluted, the time will come when we will face problems and then we will die,” said the President of the Mawkyrwat Youth Association, Bah Kitborsing Lyngdoh Marshilong.
In fact, before saying such a thing, he should have done some research and should not have given up hope.
Now the youths in the state have come out and expressed their anger over this incident, to ensure the protection of their fellow citizens in the border areas.
Kanye, 43, has four children with Kim.
Another candidate is Lasting Suchiang from the Trinamool Congress.
Ma Pariat strongly criticized the MDA government for not taking steps to solve the problem of youths who have graduated from various levels to employ them when there are up to 8000 vacancies in various government departments.
According to Dr Mawthoh, the people in power should think carefully with the determination and task to provide quality education in the state.
On the other hand, some of the elders who spoke on the occasion said that we have not had an MLA for many decades who has worked hard and brought about development like the current MLA who has brought many development works. from the roads, health centers especially these places which are also border areas where no one remembers especially to look after the good night of the people.
The good seed are the children of the kingdom (the kingdom of God), the weeds are the children of the evil one (the children of the devil), the enemy who sowed them is the devil, the harvest is the end of the world. earth, and the reapers are angels.
The demolition of these houses started at 8 pm and hundreds of houses in the area were destroyed. The SCB has forcibly destroyed these houses without prior notice or time to leave, but according to information received, the SCB has already given them time to leave. It is learned that yesterday a group of residents of the area have lodged a complaint with the High Court, but the Court has refused to complain. These people who claim to have lived for 50 to 60 years in the area have alleged that the containment has been destroyed. The houses in the area have been destroyed by the allegations that the houses and shops of the traders have not been affected at all. When attempting to contact the Chief Executive Officer of SCB, the reporters could not get in touch with the CEO. in his corporate office.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Union Minister of State for Earth Sciences, Dr Jitendra Singh on Monday denied that the BJP has sold its ticket as alleged by those leaders who lost their ticket from the party. Speaking to reporters while accompanying Bah AL Hek to register for the election, Dr Jitendra said that the BJP does not sell tickets like other parties. The ticket for the candidates to contest is also based on the hard work and hope that they will reach the goal.
To implement the People's Power requires well-run organizations and dedicated leaders for the party to lead and implement the People's Power.
The government department has also informed that no date has been fixed for the next border settlement meeting.
“There may be some differences here and there but it is not right to form ECs every day, but it requires discussion and understanding,” he said.
Meanwhile, dozens of villages which used to be all within the border of Meghalaya will be transferred to Assam once the Survey of India has completed the survey. the new border between the two States.
Police have registered a case under Section 302 IPC (1)18 of the IPC.
In this regard, the Dorbar Shnong and the party said in a letter that they have spoken to MLA Bah Sanbor Shullai and in the meeting he promised to look into this, but it turned out to be a mistake. The KSU has written a letter today.
The price is only 30 pounds even if you carry 3 passengers.
" 38:19.
The Archbishop said that this power struggle between the government and the political parties can seriously affect the people and also bring danger.
It seems that people no longer use the siej to grow it even though it is a necessary and expensive commodity.
Police said that the arrested militants were on leave and were on their way home, but they were caught by the police on Saturday night.
All these things have made us mynder in our own country.
At the same time, the MDA government has approved the MEPRF.
Boko Revenue Officer Dibash Bordoloi said the incident was brought under control after consultation with the two groups and the area is peaceful.
Suddenly, when he realized that an animal had entered his pants, he immediately got up and had to stand and hide himself in a tree, until the bsein catchers arrived.
Mayweather, the world's most famous boxer, has never lost in his 50 fights against many different boxers.
Even if I am called by the Principal, I will go and tell her what I told her,” said Gavin to Hiram, a classmate who was sitting on the same bench.
Dr. Nirmalya Bagchi, Chairperson and Member of the Advisory Council, CIPS, Hyderabad Dr. Anjali Hazarika; Valli Manickam, Director CIPS & Dean of Research and Management Studies, ASCI, Hyderabad and Secretary, Department of Administrative Reforms and Public Grievances, Government of India V Srinivas.
The body was found from a bus at Shillong Sadar Police Complex.
Meanwhile, the Trinamool Congress leadership has called on the opposition parties to unite to fight against the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) government. Bengals have come together to protest against the Trinamool government in the state.
The Mawhati MLA, who is also the former Chairman of the HNLC, has been charged under the POCSO Act and other provisions of the law.
Shillong, Jymmang 13 : The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) and the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Monday said that although all the parties have rejected the NPP, in the end after On the 2nd of October, they will come to ask the NPP to join the government.
Nongpoh: The Model Degree College in Patharkhmah, Ri Bhoi District, has been established as the first Government College in Ri Bhoi District. The college has been completed and as it is now, it is seen that the college is still focused on construction and improvement of the surrounding area.
After a while, the mother had taken the child from her mother, the mother had killed the child and after she had done this, she had gone away. The body of the child was found near the house and later she went to tell the mother of the child that she had already killed the child. world no more.
This is how the lives of the Creator will enrich us! The wise say that what God has given, man has destroyed. .
After the council employees did not receive their salaries, the president of the JHADC Staff Association, Ma Johnson Pohrmen, issued a statement alleging that the CM was deceitful and did not keep his promise to release the council's share of T .30 crore before Bedlam.
He said that the allegation that he is a demon worshiper has spread for four or five days and has spread to all the villages of the village for two days. There were also 5 other friends who came and went and worked with him who were accused of being demon worshippers. His friends who were accused of being demon worshipers were They were identified as Julida Lytep, Yurika Ymbon, Lim Phadong, Ribul Sungoh and Tei Law.
This petition was written before the Khasi Hills signed the Instrument of Accession and before the meeting of the Khasi States Constitution Making Dorbar in
The incident reportedly took place at Dakshintola of the Mau.
“He said that whatever the goal of the people of Mawshynrut is, it is his and the most important role that he will take when he is elected as MLA is to monitor the work of the people of Mawshynrut. that the old MLAs did.
New Delhi: There are now two types of Indians, one type of the richest and 10 types of the poorest, said Congress leader Rahul Gandhi. Public Assembly.
He urged everyone to work hard to achieve this goal.
The most obvious sign of this determination is the promotion of budgeting.
The smooth running of the indigenous culture within the Hima Sohiong is the aim and desire of the JAC and the people of the Hima Sohiong as a whole,” he said.
The Longshuwa hid about this, in the symbols of words and phrases, such as 'Ka Riew' which is the Khasi words 'Ka Rngiew – ka Bishi' in the sight and sight of others.
Understanding this, the Department of Animal Husbandry & Dairying has introduced a scheme for private companies and entrepreneurs called the Animal Husbandry Infrastructure Development Fund (AHIDF) to provide interest reduction on loans. to set up processing units in milk production, meat processing and food processing.
Three parts of the states need to pass this Bill”.
Dr Mukul said the Government has taken steps to improve income in the rural areas and at the same time announced the implementation of Cluster Development Projects through the Livestock Mission. Under this scheme, 5,000 households have been targeted to be assisted for cattle breeding and this will help to increase milk production and create other income opportunities.
According to Martle, if the government finds, after consulting with legal experts, that the Governor's actions are illegal, it should appeal to the central government.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister, Rajya Sabha MP Dr.WR Kharlukhi, Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui and others unveiled the statue of Bah Shrolenson Marbaniang, the founder of the Rajya Sabha. Mawsynram Border Area College and at the same time the Souvenir of the Silver Jubilee of the College was also launched.
The supporters of the former MLA of Khliehriat Constituency and Justine Dkhar have decided to support Kyrmen Shylla.
In the evening, which was the last part of the Shad Sukra, there was another dance including the dance 'Kper Syntu' from the villages of Jowai which was held at Mynkoi Pyrdi Loompyrdi Iongpiah.
Regarding this silence and stinginess of the State Government, the CoMSO will launch a protest program on the “Black Flag Day” on the 23rd of this month across the State in which members of various political parties will participate. Those within the CoMSO will raise flags to the people, carry flags in vehicles and also to carry placards on the demand for ILP and condemn the State Government for this.
“Nothing has happened yet because it is up to him that if he feels comfortable joining the party, he can come, if he doesn't feel comfortable with what he does, that too is up to him and not the BJP,” he said. said the Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
The meeting was to discuss outstanding issues such as arrear 2018 and 2019, DCRG, promotion of deficit teachers who have completed B.Ed to the rank of Principal and Vice Principal, and other issues related to the 5th Pay Commission.
DC West Jaintia Hills Garod LSN Dykes IAS said that he has already spoken to DC West Karbi Anglong and he said that he does not have the exact information on this, but he has sent the Executive Magistrate to look into the situation. border.
Simsang scored 61 runs in 10 overs before Mark Ingty, Yogesh Tiwari and Akash K Choudhury lost their wickets.
The License Fee as stipulated by the Copyright Society must be paid by the users of the songs, otherwise they will be subject to penalties under this Act and will be punished under Sections 63,64,6 69 of the Copyright Act,
The survey will begin this coming Saturday and end on November 18, 2023.
He said that the government does not implement development projects with funds but the state government's receipt of funds from the central government has increased significantly.
As a nation, we have gone astray and the first thing is that we have strayed from the customs and traditions of the landlord.
““He (Bah Prestone) has informed us that in the coming days, the Government will convene a meeting with various groups, political parties, village headmen to discuss the issue. letter received from the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) and to find ways and means how the Government will respond to the letter or what the State Government has to do to ensure that the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Amendment Bill 2020 can be implemented and approved by the Governor,” said Bah Synrem.
Samla Marngar said that if anything happens to the students from the state in Agartala, the KSU will not take responsibility if anything happens to the Bengalis living in Shillong.
Dr Mukul's remarks came after Himata earlier admitted that the Congress government in the state is the worst of the North East governments and in 2018 Dr Mukul will win the election. elections.
It is on these basis that the party has decided in some constituencies that we have to take other measures and put another candidate,” he said.
For ye ask, and ye receive not, because ye ask amiss, that ye may consume it upon your lusts.
On the other hand, the union urged other trucks which used to unload market goods to Khliehriat, Ladrymbai area to think of others to avoid traffic jams and avoid disrupting the traffic. FKJGP Khliehriat Circle President Mishal Chyrmang said that the meeting was attended by many people.
On the other hand, Bah Louis Dohtdong, said that the HNYM strongly opposes the demand of the Garo Hills colleagues that the year of registration should be from 1972 and the HNYM will not accept it. Their demand was to set the year
From 6 am to 9 pm at Lumshnong and Jaintia Hills factories, from 9 am to 2 pm at Lumshnong factories and 2 to 4 pm at Lumshnong and Byrnihat factories and from 4 pm to 12 noon. in the Lumshnong factories and in the Byrnihat factories.
Pala said that the NGT's closure without opening other sources has affected those who rely on the coal industry and has also affected the workers.
Shillong, June 01: The All Khasi Hills Achik Federation (AKHAF) has supported the protest of the Achik Conscious Holistic Integrated Crime (ACHIK) against the demand of the President of the Voice of the People. The VPP has decided to suspend the roster system while the reservation policy has not been finalised.
However, he said the government has not yet made any changes and wants the District Council to implement it.
Rangdajied United Football Club have scored 10 points against Kickstart from Karnataka in the I-League 3 (Third Division) tournament organized by the All India Football Federation (AIFF).
However, the provision of subtitles in English will enable people from other parts of the country or the world to understand and watch it.
“These demands have already been sent to the Government of India by the former General Secretary (L) Cherister Thangkhiew on 16th July,
Food security will be positively affected in a couple of ways.
“After the name of Synshar appeared to be demanding money in the name of the HNLC, his life is in danger and that is why we urge the police to conduct an investigation to find out the people who have been demanding money in the name of the HNLC. used the name to demand money," the brother said.
If you don't know, even the Animal Act or the Act to protect any animal from being injured or killed by humans does not allow humans to abuse any wild animal. he doesn't know how to speak or understand like a human being.
Shillong, Naitung 29: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) on Thursday lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong Isawanda Laloo. The price of domestic LGP cylinder has been increased by the Indian Oil Company and many people have informed the union to protest against this.
Abhishek said that if the AITC is elected to take over, the people of the state will run the Government in Meghalaya, unlike those leaders who have run the Government from the streets of Guwahati and Delhi.
Moodop Royal won 2-0 against Sabah.
According to Kong Ampareen, the meat sold in the market is not safe to avoid health hazards because many meat vendors have not cooked the meat properly.
According to Wahlang, the nature and details of the case is yet to be ascertained as the parents of some of the children, hailing from Ri Bhoi district, are yet to reach the city.
Agnes Kharshiing, President of CSWO, said that according to the lawsuit, the former Governor has already sent the complaint to the Ministry of Home Affairs. India to consider what should be done.
Handakaruhi P Lytan, a female police officer from the state, is one of the 21 women to receive the Union Home Minister's Medal for Excellence in Investigation. state to receive this award this year.
The court ordered that the agency should ensure that the work is completed within the stipulated time.
The fact is that since the state government has decided to be the first state to implement the NEP, we have confidence that it will look after the problems of students, teachers and colleges to implement the NEP. The NEP is according to our needs here because this is only a policy and not a law passed by Parliament.
Lady Supervisor, Nongstoin ICDS, gave a speech on Physical Health & Mental Health.
“In Irshalwadi there are many children who have lost their parents.
These leaders of the HNYF Women's Wing were confirmed by Bah Sadon K.Blah, General Secretary, who welcomed these women for their willingness to become members of the HNYF. and that is for the sake of carrying the burden of the nation.
Question : The fugitive perpetrators have put a lot of pressure on the law enforcement agencies to get justice.
Prof. Nonglait said that this enslavement of the Celts by the English is no different from the enslavement of the Khasi by the English.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: The hearing of the Scheduled Tribe status of Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, in the case WP(C) No.343/2014, has been postponed. Since 21st November, 2014, 14 times have been passed.
Jamris Talang scored a hat-trick in the 19th, 70th and 80+1 minutes.
This decision was taken today at a public meeting held at the residence of the President of MBCC in Riangdo Mawshynrut Civil Subdivision. There is only one application for the ticket from this constituency, that is, Bah S.Rashir.
Police said that the suspects used to smuggle drugs from Pakistan through drones, in Punjab and other states, by exchanging money through illegal routes from robbers who Drug trafficking to Pakistan.
Khliehriat: The KSU Jalaphet Unit, Sutnga District, has given its full support to the Environmental Coordination Committee (ECC) Sutnga District on its demand from the authorities to ban these Hard Cokes. Factories in Sutnga Elaka because they have appeared like tits in this area and have been built inside the residential areas, which has seriously affected the health of the people as well as pollutes the clean air we breathe and also destroys the clean environment.
If you are still stupid NPP-UDP-HSPDP-Congress-BJP remember that the suffering is still suffering and the thief is stealing more and more.
As far as can be seen, the Kni Rangbah or the Kni Waheh does not come to teach and praise his brothers and sisters without wearing Jainspong.
The winners will represent the District at the State Level which will be held on the 11th July
Hyderabad, the team to be played by the State, won by an innings by 194 runs against Nagaland.
“We have seen that the government from the past until now has been quick to set up Police Outposts in urban areas, while in these border areas it has not been able to set up,” said Balawan. “We have asked the state government to set up a Police Outpost in the border area, but we see that the previous government has not been able to set up and has not listened to our demands,” he added.
He said that besides these five persons, there are many foreigners who are not Khasi, but they did not say anything and did not believe in the registration because they understood that when the time came and when The village has agreed to register their names and the village will do whatever is necessary , and this shows that they want to work together and walk along with the village without being too prepared eh.
No one was injured in the incident although the incident was severe.
The Greenery Children Park was inaugurated in the presence of the Rangbah Shnongs of the villages within the Raid Laban Dorbar, teachers, school children, civil society and residents of Greater Lumparing. Area.
Before the handover ceremony, a short meeting was held and short speeches were delivered by Andrew Sawian, General Secretary IRCS Meghalaya and Amilia Swer, Vice-Chairperson IRCS Meghalaya. They are organizations that help people in times of unexpected crisis in society.
NABH provides orientation and training to the faculties of leading institutes like AIIMS and affiliated institutes like AIIMS and some Govt.
Earlier, Bah HS Shylla (deceased) had brought the issue of 40% for discussion and amendment in the Assembly but it was rejected because our Hynniew-Trep leaders are still too stupid ministers and They don't like to sit lyngknot – MLA because be as long as you are the children of Hynniew-Trep, it doesn't matter if you sit on the throne of your leaders.
When asked about the time of the dorbar, Kharshiing said it has been handed over to the JAC which is composed of Rangbah Shnongs from the city and outskirts to arrange the time and tasks. .
“You heard, father, that Rangsan is still sleeping that night,” said the mother to the father, who closed his eyes and went to sleep.
By Bah Philip Marwein In Meghalaya as a whole, no license is required to trade for the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo indigenous people.
Israeli troops have seized all border areas and found 1,500 bodies of Hamas militants in parts of the country.
The mother, father and brother were all shocked by Kynsai's death.
Shillong, Naitung 05: Ka Meira Kumar, the presidential candidate of the 17-party UPA, today arrived in the capital to hold an election campaign at the Annexed Hall of the State Legislative Assembly.
The National Life Insurance of India (NLII) has lodged a complaint with the government after it was rejected from the tender for the MHIS scheme due to insufficient documents.
It is indeed a great privilege that we can live and breathe in our country which has independence.
“The police cannot refuse to register an FIR, but it is also the duty of the civil society to follow up because the police cannot refuse to register an FIR whether there is a challan or not,” he said.
Shillong, June 27: The supporters of the Voice of the People (VPP) on Tuesday, June 17, 2024, celebrated by dancing at Smit before the rally.
In fact, the government should have set up groups of farmers so that they will not be cheated by the wholesalers who come to buy the produce and sell it at a lower price.
No merchants were seen buying other types of agricultural products even after a thorough examination by this writer.
The child was rushed to hospital for treatment.
The gold was seized from a Maruti EECO on the evening of the 13th, during a raid in Diengpasoh area.
in the story of Noah, while the people were still in peace and happiness, they did not trust or believe in God, but when they suffered, Noah also rejected them because Noah did not know them, In the same way, if we do not have faith in God, if we do not trust in Him, we will not share in that protection which God will protect us from dangers and sufferings.
She said that they are investigating whether there are any in North East who have passed the NET examination and JRF among the visually impaired. now they have not found such a thing.
He does not follow and does not follow the orders/decisions of the Court.
“During the visit to these two persons, we saw that the throat and the shyieng tyngam were cut from the bullets,” said the General Secretary of the KSU. The party will be with these paradoh parasnam until the end.
“The Supreme Court of India has also pointed out the obstacles to the enforcement of Section 1044 by giving examples and Section 144 cannot be enforced to restrict the expression of feelings or grievances. , or to express their rights, said Bah Lamare in a letter sent to ShahU, saying that according to the matters mentioned by the Supreme Court of India, rights of citizens and which is also a violation of the rights guaranteed by the Constitution as it falls under Article 19 (2) of the Constitution of India.
Also speaking on the occasion were the Rangbah Shnong of Khliehriat West Shri Langmon Bareh and the Chairman of the Village Shri Witing Bareh.
Nongstoiñ, March 30: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Rambrai Circle on Tuesday awarded the second Maitshaphrang Award to 10 students who have excelled in the competition. have appeared for the 2022 SSLC exam.
The HoD Cardiology together with the Director of NEIGRIHMS has worked hard to introduce many treatments and Administrative SOPs and policies for the patients to receive affordable and affordable treatment.
Media reports from Delhi said that this issue may also be one of the discussions in the Special Session of Parliament to be held from 18th to 22nd of this month.
Rev. JJM Nichols Roy and Mavis Dunn Lyngdoh became Ministers of Assam one after another in the Muslim League government of Muhammad Sa'dullah.
“George joined the Congress at a time when the Congress had lost its strength and for the 2014 election, they worked hard to revive the Congress in Umroi where he played a part in winning. Pala as MP,” said Lyngdoh.
On this occasion, MSOA leaders including John F Kharshiing, Working President, Finely Pariat, General Secretary, Ksan Warjri, Treasurer and Sabastian Swett, Vice President, came to meet the Chief Minister. on Tuesday to seek support for the 2nd edition of the NE Olympic Games 2022 in October 2022 and other sports activities if the Covid19 pandemic subsides.
The CEM of JHADC has accused the Congress candidate Ma Vincent H Pala of failing to bring development to the state during his two terms as MP. still lagging behind in many ways.
Samla Biangbor Lyngdoh Paliar in his speech congratulated all the teams who took part and reminded that it is not the first time that the party has held such tournaments but from time to time it tries. to open opportunities for the youth to showcase and improve their football and other sports skills by organizing various tournaments.
He said that in the first instance, there was a statement that the three committees did not consult with the people involved and this is wrong because we consulted with all those involved in this. ".
The race started from Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai and ended at the Kiang Nangbah Monument in Syntu Ksiar. In Khliehriat, it started from the DC Office Khliehriat and ended at the former DC Office.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun MLA Jirang congratulated the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare for taking the initiative to conduct such a program which provides training and benefits to the people in the area. He also urged the people to take care of their health and especially to know about the various schemes and programs that the government is bringing to the people.
The parents of both the children including the Principal and Class Teacher of Laitumkhrah Presbyterian Higher Secondary School.
He urged that if anyone charges too much price, they should inform his office.
At the end of the programme, there was also a donation of Symbai Krai to the farmers of Nongjngi and Khanduli Villages as part of the promotion of the cultivation of this plant.
The Bill introduced by Bah Adelbert Nongrum was rejected as many members of the House did not support the Bill.
Furthermore, the leaders of FASTOM kk have requested the teachers to start going back to teach in the classrooms and to count the marks or complete any tasks assigned by the government.
