Two Assam Rifle personnel were injured in the clash, the chief of army staff said.
In the first innings, SGH managed to score 7 runs per over and reached 142/6. Griksal G Marak tied for 41 while Aristho R Marak for 2/. 14.
Everyone expressed their joy that day.
These vendors said that if the price of jhur ki jhep falls, the people will not buy anymore.
Animal Husbandry Infrastructure Development Fund of T.15,000 croreMany areas in the country that are strong in dairy production have the opportunity for private investment in the dairy industry§ The aim is to support private investment in the industry. Dairy Processing, Improvement of these activities and provision of cow feed activities§ An Animal Husbandry Infrastructure Development Fund of T.15,000 crore will be introduced.
The Dkhar and the Kling got a laugh.
Meghalaya will play against Jammu and Kashmir on Tuesday.
When we post pictures or write things that we feel should be shared with the public, we also want to know how many people have read it or liked it. and our writings are not right because they don't agree with what we write.
However, even here in Meghalaya, which should have had about 70 percent trees in the hills and rivers, there are now only 41 percent trees.
Shillong, July 25: The District Administration has conducted a vigilance to ensure that the celebration of the Republic Day tomorrow will be smooth and orderly without any disruption.
Speaking to media, coach Alison Kharsyntiew said that the most important thing is to believe in themselves and for that reason they have been able to reach this place.
Rev. Dr. PDPatole Bishop of Bombay Diocese gave the message of the Word of God to the people based on 2 Chronicles 7 chapter
Nithyananda launched his website and claimed that his country is the most Hindu country in the world.
At the same time, he said the KSU cannot accept the government's ordinance which aims to empower Rangbah Shnong.
Whoever has a power tiller is very rich.
Besides these 35 persons, police have also arrested a man who urged the people to fight against the Government authorities and to attack the residence of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma. a Tura.
Shillong, Nailar 13 : The President of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) and Minister in the State Government, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that he has decided to contest again from the PDF in the 2023 elections. .
This is the first time that a former US President has faced these charges, which fall under the same category as murder.
Shillong: Employees of EMRI 108 under the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (MEMRIWU) today left to install 108 Ambulances at their office at Lawmali.
Nongstoiñ, November 17: Leaders and members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) under the leadership of Samla Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh, President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Friday, November 17, 2013, visited the office of the Superintendent of Police. Hills, to demand that the police should return the flags they seized on the 6th of November in Rambrai, when they went to convey the nine demands of the Save Hynniewtrep Mission.
Shillong: The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has heard the case on the ban on coal mining in Meghalaya on the 11th of this month. January 2018.
However, he was a Congress MLA from Assam; On the other hand, the government will seek clarification from the Congress Party, as at the time of the passage of the ILP resolution in the Legislative Assembly, all 60 MLAs including the Congress Party have agreed.
Jowai, Naitung 16: Four political parties from Jaintia Hills, KSU-JHDU, AJYWO-CGB, FKJGP-KC and HNYF-ER, have strongly opposed the demand of a political party from Jaintia Hills. The state government has dismissed Ma Welley Muksor, Deputy Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District.
The SSSU has also expressed its support to the JPMF's opposition to the order.
The opportunity to speak to the farmers so that they can explain their plight has turned into a speech from people who don't even walk in the fields.
The lawyer who will prosecute the case is Fenela Lyngdoh Nonglait along with other colleagues from the 33rd Chamber of the Supreme Court.
“This corruption will bring danger to the state and he urged the residents to inform the government that it should take action to curb this illegal activity in the state,” he said. Sangma said.
Later, former Mylliem MLA Ronnie V Lyngdoh, who also held the post of Minister, lost by only a few hundred votes in 2018 to Hamlet Dohling.
Introducing the resolution, the CEM of the Council, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, said that the Executive Committee has decided to introduce the official resolution after receiving information that the Government of India intends to implement the UCC. throughout the country.
Similarly, 19 persons have been identified as drug traffickers, of which eight cases of PITNDPS have been sent to court and the Advisory Board will now take a decision, Bishnoi said.
He said that he has visited the market, especially the market to know and see the plight of the farmers who bring their produce to the market.
In a letter to Kyrmen Shylla, SK Sunn said that his statement as minister that he has never received any complaint from Balakhawa is not true.
in as the most trusted online shopping platform many categories of products during the festive seasons; 75% of shoppers find too many products through Amazon.
In the complaint, the chiefs and political parties said that the division of constituencies in Jaintia Hill was done only for the benefit of politicians.
Within seconds of the first quarter, Belgium had tied the PC, but were beaten by the team behind India.
He said that the Wapungskur Dorbar Shnong and the Wapungshnong Dorbar Shnong have donated up to 5 acres of land for the BDO's office at the new site.
Because they were in class, their parents also sent them away.
When the Nepalis saw that the Iing Durbar had been locked, they went to tell the Khasi to remove the lock, but when the Khasi did not allow it, they went to the Khasi. Nepalis, have gone to close the Durbar Hall with another lock, so the closure of the Iing Durbar for two months, has caused problems to the people in the village, said the Secretary of the village. They came.
On the other hand, BJP State President Rikman G Momin said, “This illegal activity of robbers should be strongly condemned by all groups in the society.
Nongpoh, July 09: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), Ri-Bhoi District has announced that the AAY, PHH and NON-NFSA rice for the month of July, 2023 has been released to all ration shops. in Ri-Bhoi District.
“The result in Jaintia Hills is good because we expect to get between 4-6 seats.
The elections for the three constituencies, 13-Mawryngkneng, 24-Mawphlang and 47-Rajabala, which will be held on the 30th of April, have passed away. and Dr. Azad, many of the speakers express their own opinions, many of the people are confused, no one will be informed, because whoever speaks, feels like they are right.
Officials including Denis Marwein, Mercia Dohling and Bah Sumarlang Swer, President of Ri Bhoi District, will also accompany the boxing tournament. District Boxing Association.
Three political parties in Ri Bhoi, who came to participate and support the FKJGP, held a protest at the MUDA grounds in Nongpoh.
In this regard, the SKRS has decided to meet with the CEO of Umïam Division of MeECL to discuss and demand to expedite the power outage in the district.
We as the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum should be vigilant against the evil deeds that are spreading around our beloved Ri Khasi from foreign forces.
Influenza vaccines can prevent and reduce influenza and anemia in places and times when influenza affects many in the community.
Returning to the programme, 300 children aged 10-18 years participated in the program which was conducted and facilitated by the Edge 10 team under the supervision of the Edge 10 team. Ian Campbell is from Australia.
He said that for five years, he did not know that he had TB.
To the woman who is a mother who has no seed, we produce seed.
Hundreds of people have been killed and injured and it is difficult to know when peace will return.
Under-16yrs players must be born between 30-11-2007 and 30-11-2
The second prize winner will receive 50,000 tyngka with a certificate and trophy, the third prize winner will receive 25,000 tyngka with a certificate and trophy.
Shillong, March 3: U Rikman G Momin on Tuesday was sworn in as the new President of the Meghalaya Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
He said that despite the warnings of the United States and South Korea to North Korea to stop its frequent nuclear weapons in the past, North Korea has not. It doesn't listen even to one ear and thus it throws lightning from time to time and this causes damage to its neighboring countries because of its strong lightning to the seas and border areas. other countries.
, 9615400135/7005208334, by August 14,
He also acknowledged how the Government is working hard for the employment of the youth and other initiatives for the welfare of the youth.
He said that if there are those who wish to register or withdraw their names, the deadline will be 12th June
Speaking at the meeting, TMC candidate Dr Prabir D Sangma said that from time to time, the people go to vote without thinking carefully and carefully on polling day.
The Congress MLAs have thrown down the tables and chairs in the House, because they do not agree with the conduct of the House today.
Lin, a mother who sells food in the market today, said that when the tourist attractions were opened, she used to earn less than 1500 tyngka per day, but now she can't afford it. 500 tyngka especially now that the market is closed.
That means that one species of rice does not mate with another species of rice, unless a person himself sexually reproduces by taking pollen from one rice flower and mating with the female parts of another plant.
Deputy Commissioner Pravin Bakshi urged the residents to maintain peace and order.
However, the rules regarding the setting up of liquor shops in the premises of hospitals, schools and churches will remain unchanged.
Speaking on the Nehru Memorial Higher Secondary School, it is the first school in Umsning village. The school, which 30 years ago has only 200 students, has been built in a large building and has up to class XII (art stream). 1,500 students with 60 teacher-non-teaching staff.
Such false statements and the introduction of such ideas will bring great harm to our state.
In another incident, a similar incident of stone throwing has happened at Nangbah village, West Jaintia Hills District on October 2,
Let's read and discuss the story of Ruth-The Book of Ruth is a story written after the return of the Jews from Babylon and was written between 425 and 360 BC. to tell from generation to generation about the mother-in-law and grandmother of King David.
He added that we want our children to grow up, to be happy and prosperous, because if there are adequate schools in our village, if we cannot send them to the city, we will send them to our own village.
“T.29 crore is not a joke but sadly sometimes projects are stalled due to misunderstandings with the land owners so I urge the land owners and villages to donate He also urged the MLA and the Syiem of Nongstoin to select the names of the farmers of the district in advance so that the work can proceed smoothly as planned. that they may be named by the names of these streets which they shall build.
“I want to say, if I lose to the worst candidate in the history of politics.
minutes" she said.
Why should one person be imprisoned for up to 10 years? The government has done wrong”.
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) comprising the FKJGP, MPUF, JSU and JPWO has alleged that there is misuse of funds to improve the Nartiang Shakti Peeth for the benefit of the pilgrims.
The tournament will continue tomorrow at 9 pm on the 9th of July with six matches.
The Act prohibits the transportation of cows from the state, outside the state, or passing through Assam without proper documents. The aim is to ban the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh.
Shillong, July 27: The residents of Kongthong Village strongly condemn the killing of Rangbah Dondur Sha Bong, a resident of Kongthong Village.
The match will be played at the SSA Ground at 2:30 pm.
This is the fourth time that the men's hockey team has won a gold medal at the Asian Games after winning in 1966, 1998 and
On his return from Delhi, the Chief Executive Member of KAAC visited Lekthe's residence at Jaluk Langteng, West Karbi Anglong District and expressed his condolences to the relatives of the forest guard.
Shillong, Naitung 15: U Assistant Commandant of the 2nd Battalion, Gilbirth Marak, today sentenced to 14 days in jail for allegedly assaulting a female police officer at Goeragre in West. Garo hills district.
He said that he has two new films to be released soon, one is titled 'Ka Jingim' and the other is titled 'Ka Daw'
Regarding the construction of this road, he said that the people of the area are eager and want the company to speed up the construction of the road, so that the people can escape from the problems in coming and going. bad earned income.
Shillong, June 5 : The Executive Committee of the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly (KJPA) on Tuesday expressed its deep disappointment over the holding of a program at a private university in Meghalaya on the 7th and 9th of this month. June is the month of Good Friday and Easter Sunday.
Shillong: The Assembly Committee on Women Empowerment (CWE) has requested the health department to issue reports on the poor women who need assistance from the areas that have been declared as containment zones due to the spread of HIV/AIDS. COVID-19 cases in the state.
Speaking to media, u Bah Chyne congratulated the HYC Sohiong Circle for taking the initiative to bring forward these two issues which could affect the HYC Sohiong Circle. How to count the tribes of the Khasi.
Dr. AN Pasweth, Psychiatrist (Nodal Officer, DMHP) said that mental illness can take lives.
“We are not against their invasion, but we are against it if they use bombs, pesticides and throw jars into the river,” said Samla Ehboklang Sten President of the Unit.
National People's Party (NPP) Chief Conrad K Sangma on 23rd June invited members of other political parties including TMC supporters to join the NPP and give their support.
If through this short article I have offended anyone, I am ready to say “MAP,” because my goal is to awaken my fellow countrymen and that the leaders will come forward to do something and to lead the fight in this area.
Medical check-up, Aadhar registration and various sports activities were also held for the residents with disabilities.
In addition, public money is lost.
He started off as a petty contractor, but soon hobnobbed with the politicians, particularly with the Congress.
MUDA will expel the Dorbar Shnongs, will also expel the 6th Scheduled and they will come to introduce foreign authorities from the north and MUDA will also fight to expel the Syiem in order to bring in the Zila Parishad, to remove the DSs and replace them with panchayats, said Kharjahrin.
The Shongkha Shongman is the most important part of the life and personality of the Khasi Khara.
Many of the villages in Mawhati constituency have distributed their foodgrains in these ways. Please send your information to one of the villages in this constituency whether they have received their foodgrains from the MLA as directed by the MLA. u mla There is no respect for this constituency.
In a statement, Sparlin Lyngdoh, President of the Congress Bynther Zone, and other leaders, said how the party gives ticket to a person who is an MDC and who is educated and a former MLA.
“We would like to inform you that the language policy or languages ​​of instruction should be implemented in the state where English will be the most important language because education is a subject that the state government has. “It's not just the central government or the concurrent list,” he said.
The money raised for the Soh mylleng Mission is a lot, so as members of the Church we want to know what happened.
He said that the players should participate in other outdoor activities to improve their performance.
The time has come, because we see now that even a single word, we cannot rebuild, but we have followed the language of other nations.
These include the construction of a floodlight for the JN Stadium in East Khasi Hills at a cost of T.4.99 crore.
In this match, Messi has been beaten by the PSG fans since he came on the pitch and as a result, he has not been able to score and missed many chances. gold.
Jowai, Naiwieng 29: The Super Division Football Tournament 2023 was held by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai today at Nangbah Stadium. , Northeast Jowai.
It was also requested that all the shops within the boundary of Lawjynriew should be closed until the Dorbar.
The distance from Umjaraiñ to Lyngkhoi is 22 KM.
“This meeting is to discuss and try to find ways and means to build roads to reduce traffic jam,” he said.
Shullai said that the decision to remove Alexander L Hek and to include Shullai as Minister was taken by the party leadership and there should be no difference of opinion. because even he may be removed later, because they have to work according to the leadership of the party and work hard for the party.
Shillong, Naiwieng 8: The HSPDP public meeting in Nongstoin will be held on the 12th and 16th of this month and these two days will also be the Nongstoin Market Days, said the HSPDP candidate Bah Diocesan Jyndiang while talking to Rupang.
After taking three wickets, Meghalaya's Abishek Kumar took two more wickets for 53 runs.
The letter showed that the son of the NSCN-U Home Minister, who was carrying an AK 56 and an M16 rifle, in their photograph as a couple.
The number of cases so far has risen to 1.87 crore, of which 31 lakh are still infected, 1.53 crore have recovered and 3,498 have died. The death toll has risen to 2.08 lakh.
According to the complaint, the teacher has been assaulting the child from time to time and this has started since October this year and continues until today.
So the question of relocation should not arise, forget about allocation of free land and free house.
Mr. Scott is 93 years old and is the husband of Mrs. Elvirial Nongkynrih.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The North East Dialogue Forum (NEDF) on Tuesday held a flag raising ceremony to protest against the mining of uranium in West Khasi Hills. to protest against the central government's plan to mine uranium and not to build large dams in the eastern part of India.
Until now, the incident has been surprising, but some say that it may be because there are some kinds of scars in the eyes of the person.
Ramana said that even the poor are not immune from this treatment at the police stations, or what he calls third-degree treatment.
Others who attended the function included Justice SR Sen, Secretary, Law Department LM Sangma and Deputy Commissioner I/C West Garo Hills Ambrose Ch Marak.
Until now, the authorities have not announced or clarified any ID that can be used to show the persons who have visited the office of the Sports Department, who have nothing to do with the SAG. She said that her son was not allowed to enter the country and asked for ID first but it was only after talking to his coach that he was allowed to enter. .
'Phlongkor' refers to the village wall, which is surrounded by several stones along with erected stones; It is the place where the people who are still in the Khasi religion perform some of the rituals, it is also the end of the village.
“He told me that we would be born in Greece and after that he told me in Ladakh as well.
He handed over the donation to them at his office in Mawlai Nongpdeng in the presence of Homer Kharkongor, President UDP Mawlai Circle.
Oh, it is really sad for the farmers who have no one to advocate and help them.
How much does the government spend for one MDC.3 dist.
We wish that this celebration will be fruitful and successful in the years to come.
“Through this project we are working together to ensure income generation through this new idea and new job, especially for the young people which is based on the population we see in the state,” he said. the Prime Minister.
He said that despite many difficulties, the government together with the officers have worked hard and have been able to overcome many difficulties and thus it is expected that this road project from Shillong to Dawki spirit can't go right.
Training is needed and once trained no one will not learn.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: Non-government school teachers under the banner of JACATAM will meet with DSEL Director Ambrose Ch Marak to discuss the government's takeover of all teachers' posts in the state.
Then he felt it was the right time for him.
“I had to pay 22 years ago, when I haven't paid, for this shop that supplies me with food and drink and when I get a man, I make sure that I will come back to India and pay. you're my ram.
The union also welcomes the government's recent order to show the prices of goods.
Thousands of BJP supporters from different villages attended the rally.
Kyrshan said that if the Ladrymbai Bypass is good, it will help to curb traffic jam on the national highway and that the passengers will not face too many problems in coming and going. Vehicles carrying food items, small vehicles and ambulance vehicles will not face much problem and it will also improve the traffic on the national highway. He said that the union will send a letter to the relevant department and if the department does not do anything, the union will take this issue to the higher authorities.
Both of them are well qualified and will also contest for the 2024 MP ticket.
“According to the rules of the Forest and Water Resources Department, security is the first issue to be taken at the meeting with various groups and Rangbah Shnongs and a decision will be taken after the meeting. meeting," said Marak.
In this regard, Ms Rida Gatphoh told about Dakti Craft which is a social enterprise based in Shillong.
Why does it happen? The Word of God explains: “Behold, thou art called a Jew, and restest upon the law, and makest thy boast of God, and knowest his will,
Shillong, Nailur 11: The Asst Commissioner of Food (KSU) Shillong, Nailur 11: About 500 children from all over the villages in Barak Valley, have joined the KSU BVC. and Supplies and Food Safety Officer, Kong DBS Mukhim explained that the presence of weeds in pigs does not have any effect if the meat is cooked properly.
Speaking on the emergence of the VPP as one of the new ethnic parties, Bah Bindo said it is too early to say that it will take the place of the UDP. “The party led by Bah Ardent, which was formed recently, has been able to surpass the HSPDP but we have to see how they work because it is by their work that the people will base,” he said.
One of the most famous varieties of garlic, known as “elephant garlic” is actually wild garlic (Allium ampeloprasum) and not real garlic.
However, at the same time, he said that another issue is that the rearrangement of constituencies has been going on since 2014 when Laitkroh was abolished and Umsning was created.
In KHADC, the Congress did not gain power and was led by the HSPDP in collaboration with KHNAM and UDP while in JHADC, the Congress was in power.
On this occasion, Rakkam A Sangma congratulated the founders of the school for their tireless work in setting up schools to educate the children of the village.
He said that the lack of salary has affected not only the 12,481 people but has affected their families and has also affected their mental health due to the suffering.
In reply, Bah Pyngrope said, “When I turn to Shillong, for me personally (but it depends on the party as a whole), I feel that Bah George B. Lyngdoh will be the right candidate.
Mauro Mura, chief of lawyers for Cagliari, told reporters that there was also a plan to attack Pakistan and Afghanistan.
According to the usual procedure, the rules of procedure are that the work of the District Council should go to the District Council Affairs (DCA) and the Governor should ask for clarification if there is anything wrong. spirit from the government.
It is also against the Six Scheduled to allocate land to the tribals.
Speaking to media, Deborah said the people of Garo Hills have wanted change after the Purno A Sangma family has ruled for 47 years.
In archery, the winners were West Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills, West Jaintia Hills and East Khasi Hills.
There are also some of the storytellers who like to shake hands with each other instead of giving advice to the people.
The winners include PFR, which became the winner in the U-16 women's category, Umsning Proper-A in the men's category and Umsning Proper-A in the men's category. The U-13 category was won by Shangbangla SC. PFR won the women's title after beating LJWDA 1-0
For the sake of tomorrow's peace, we must start from now on to remind all political parties to put education policy and education reforms at the top priority in their election manifestos.
Before entering the match, Goa had already secured their place in the quarter finals, while Meghalaya needed to win to keep their hopes of qualifying for the next round against Assam.
David said, “Behold, thou seekest truth in the inward parts, and in the secret places” (Psalm 51:6).
The first match of the tournament will be between Nongthymmai S&CC and Rangdajied United FC.
In Meghalaya, the state government has not yet decided to ban the sale of this food but is still considering what to do.
Even now, Israel is in the midst of war and has to fight against the Arab and Palestinian countries that want to invade and destroy it.
When you look at it now, the Khasi have a strong love for themselves and for their village, their clan, their own area because many of them once they came to live in Shillong, they will say They don't know their village because they have stayed in the city for a long time, even though they still have land, their mothers and fathers.
This is after 122 years that Mawsynram has set a new record.
Only from the small income, all the Khasi Christians and Khasi traditional religions in their villages are still suffering from many problems.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Preios Pale, expressed his anger and regret over the negligence of the Amrit Company in Umlaper village. The union demands that the company Amrit should respect the residents and the village authorities of Umlaper, as well as to think together with the residents to employ them in the company, because “This is a sign that the company doesn't care about the residents,” said Preios Pale.
According to police, on the 21st these children went to Golflink to play football and after playing football; Half of them have left home while the rest continue to live in this area.
Girls' Higher Secondary School, Jowai, Ribait Oo Pde, Asst.Teacher, Tep Kyndait Govt.
One of these 17 goals is to provide educational opportunities for all.
Go to the refill and head to the company.
“We want the government to know about this and also to come and rescue us by sending helicopters to deliver food, clothes, medicines and tyrpar,” said G Marak, one of them. residents of the area.
Wearing masks and maintaining social distance protects and reduces the risk to yourself and others.
Shillong, July 10: The incident which happened on Tuesday night, has destroyed the confidence of the tourists who do not have accommodation here in Shillong, but who hope from hotels to get accommodation.
He said that the reservation policy is not only in the reservation policy but if we look at the number of voters in Garo Hills, the percentage is 33,000 from all 24 constituencies while for Khasi Jantia Hills it is 33,0 40,000 but the receipt of the scheme is the same and the Seng will resolve this issue.
The BJP 19 South Shillong has demanded immediate punishment against Bah AL Hek whose actions are against the party which has defamed the party, said a statement from P. Sharma, Vice President and convenor, BJP 19 South Mandal & State Executive Member, BJP Meghalaya Pradesh.
What kind of scientific world is this? Our country and nation have fallen into such a tragedy, 'we have sat and stood and faced'
In the U-17 Boys Single, Banshan Lamare of Khatarnor UP Shangpung defeated Hpwnipaia Sutnga of Lummoroo SS Shangpung 21-10, 21-18; Salonbhami Suchaing of Lummoroo SS Shangpung beat Rohan Tiwari and Chamnahring Pashel of ATS 21-14, 21-1
Speaking on the occasion, Fenella said, “I contested the election in 2013 and at that time I contested with emotion, but now I will contest with devotion. I will remember first my duty for you the people and your rights.
Meanwhile, two other MLAs, Process T Sawkmie from Mawlai Constituency, will soon join the UDP and Mayralborn Syiem MLA from Nongpoh Constituency.
Shillong, November 20: Former Khasi Students Union (KSU) leader Anthony Kharbuli has been detained at Sardar Police Station for nine days for questioning. decision of the court today.
“I am deeply saddened to learn of the passing away of Bah JD Rymbai, former Chief Minister of Meghalaya,” Sangma said in a tweet.
“The Chief Minister of Maharashtra can be replaced in the coming days,” he told reporters.
Shillong, Lber 23 : Meghalaya will take part in the 1st NECDC Interstate Cricket Tournament while Meghalaya has 18.06 sq km. Friendship Tournament 2023 is organized by the North East Cricket Development Committee.
However, after receiving information that the resolution was forged by unknown persons, the MPSC authorities immediately lodged a complaint with the police to track down the resolvers. guilty of perjury in the matter.
However, as soon as the British Government left in 1947, the Government of India under the leadership of Jawaharlal Nehru through the Prime Minister, Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, and to expand the border of India and at the same time India to The government of Jahawalal Nehru forced many independent kingdoms to join India and this did the same to the Khasi kingdoms.
Lambok Thabah died on Tuesday morning before being admitted to Bethany Hospital, Shillong, after a sudden illness.
Read the book “Therefore, we need the APPHIRA KHYRDOP, that every Christian service and ritual in the synagogues or in the churches should be complete” that all the attendees should have the same appearance, that Signed by the Parai-lang (), as well as the Church Elders, Drivers, Chowkidars, their followers, shall have an IDENTITY CARD that can be carried with them when sitting inside the Church Hall. key, key.
Shillong: Agnes Kharshiing, along with Amita Sangma, today lodged a complaint with the Officer Incharge of Madanryting Police Station regarding the assault on Amita Sangma and the loss of two coal trucks. They were arrested by the police of Wahsnait, Laitkor.
Replying to the question, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, said that the District Council will call the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and ask for clarification on the matter. He said that the District Council will take action to determine whether the documents are strong or weak and the District Council will take action as soon as possible. can.
Please give us the details, how many members there are whether there are only one or two or three pending cases in court or 20 or 30,” he added.
Many of them stood at the crossroads.
The funeral service will be held on 29.11.2023 at Khnap Thangbru Seinraij Jowai, Kseh Ionglang, Dulong at 10:00 pm.
but he shall have eternal life.
Therefore, in connection with the arrest of Khlathapsim, the Seng urges the people in the District and State, that if they find any wild animals, they should not injure or kill them. “But they should protect them and if they are caught, they should hand them over to the animal welfare personnel,” he added.
Kam Niam rules and regulations are based on Sarin Pa sarin Kat Kam law.
These Rangbah Shnongs are from Pasyih, Kyndongtuber, Pammanik, Mynso A, Mynso B, Myntkung, Mynskiah Thymme and Khliehum Buit villages of West Jaintia Hills.
Nature has given, created and destroyed man.
The members of the committee include Titos Shyne MLA from Sohra, Julius Dorphang MLA from Mawhati, KP Pangniang MLA from Rangbrai and Saleng A Sangma MLA from Gambegre.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has said that the counting of votes for 40 constituencies in Mizoram will be held on November 4, while for other states, including Mizoram. Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and Telangana will be closed on Sunday.
Biodiversity —- A large tree can be home to hundreds of small insects, insects, mammals, plants and plants.
Shillong, November 28: Ka is a young woman who doesn't forget to donate to the poor every year through the scheme to help the poor run by the Rupang office.
The Central Agriculture University in 2010 had planned to open the Central Agriculture University in 2010, but in 2015 they received information that they had built the building, not to hold it. “The government has asked for more than 200 acres to build the university but they have built only a college and this college will be affiliated with the Agriculture University of Imphal. “If this college comes from Imphal, we the people here will not benefit,” said Donald Thabah, General Secretary of KSUU.
The body of a woman, Phibanker Phawa, 29, a teacher at Amwi Secondary School, was found on the 12th. I'm from Jowai. I'm from Jowai.
Tens of lakhs of students have witnessed the participation in the campaigns held in the past months.
SPARK also organized a public meeting and screening of films on child labor by displaying posters against the violation of child rights.
Farmers do not need to spend extra to buy urea, and this will ease their costs.
Shillong, March 05: The first batch of SF-10 graduates, including 223 Commando and 115 Rangers, has been awarded the star by the Chief Minister. Mukul Sangma today at MLP Mawiong, after completing the six-month training on the Special Command Counter Insurgency Course.
It is learned that there is still a strong opposition from the Congress and UDP to Bah Suting.
The Additional Director General, Regional Commander of BGB, Md. Zakir Hossain said that the meeting between the BSF and BGB has identified the areas where illegal activities are most common and decided to curb them.
With this victory in the quarter final, BBC Secondary School Steplanglur, Sibsingh Govt.
The report said that it has conducted a thorough survey on the implementation of the scheme in the two districts of Ri-Bhoi and West Garo Hill and has found these serious shortcomings in the implementation of the scheme. scheme.
When Jesus was on earth, He said to Nicodemus, “Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God.
Nongstoiñ, June 7: Nongjri Village, Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division, about 19 kilometers from Riangdo, has a Secondary School established by the Catholic Church since 1990s. Rev Fr Stephan Lamin is the Parish Priest of the area.
The BBC reported that Condester Sichwale, who is also a minister in the CCM government, was expelled from the House on Tuesday after a member of the House of Representatives , Hussein Amar, was not allowed to see Sichwale's dress.
Before we turn to that, I would like to state that I do not intend and do not intend to provoke anyone or cause any conflict, but My first purpose is to awaken our fellow citizens from the dream that we have dreamed so much so that this violence against our nation will end immediately.
“Kangana today congratulated Home Minister Amit Shah on receiving this protection.
According to police sources, the Sordar of Majai Village has lodged a complaint at Shella Police Station that a truck (ML-05-3300) driven by Indrajit Das has entered Bholaganj Market by violating the law. write, 'No Entry' because you are not allowed to enter the market.
If you score a point, you will use the Goal Difference and if you score a Goal Difference, you will use the Goal for.
Shillong: Shillong received 181.6mm of rainfall today, 84.6mm today, while Shillong received 31.1mm rainfall today.
Thus, martylli is a visible object that can be touched or felt.
He said that two existing colleges in Mawkyrwat and Nongtalang will also be upgraded.
HERMAN KONGLAH (UDP) –
However, it is alleged that the factory closed the door the next day, on the 21st.
In his speech, Prof. Nonglait said that Thomas Jones belonged to the Celts, the indigenous people of Great Britain.
Regarding the distribution of blankets to these poor families, Bah Pateng Myrsing, as the leading leader of the party, expressed his gratitude that the party has been able to provide for the needs of these poor families. the people of the village and especially those poor families.
He directed all shops selling kyiad pyrsi, IMFL, bars, hotels and bonded warehouses to close their shops on that day.
Some may feel that the Bible has no message and nothing to teach.
Shillong: There have been 87 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today and 115 recoveries.
The state government has decided to file a complaint against 41 people who went to Greenwood Resort in Khanapara, Guwahati and the matter has been handed over to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District.
Furthermore, the Republic of Korea, which is in first place, will also have teams to face it; Malaysia, Jordan and Bahrain, while Saudi Arabia, Thailand, Kyrgyz Republic and Oman will compete for a place in the knockout stage.
A meeting was held in the presence of Rangbah Dong Bah Dappura Songthiang and Sordar Village Bah Olet Kharsahnoh.
Mobile phones, cars and motorcycles, oil and groceries are among the commodities that will rise in price after the budget announcement by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today. day.
We believe that in our Khasi-Jaintia country, the census will show that there are more than four out of five farmers.
Man has become very wise. We believe that all these things are the gifts of God and it is up to mankind to use those talents that God has given to the people who work hard. Those who work hard and don't waste their precious time are wise and get what they want, those who don't work hard, those who don't mind and those who are stupid are stupid and backward people. backward).
Guwahati: The All Assam Students Union (AASU) today called for a blockade of roads leading to Nagaland to ban the movement of food trucks supplying food to Nagaland.
There is no need to talk about corruption, there is no need to protest on various issues because once you win, the same leader will be elected by the people.
Other districts are West Khasi Hills 11, South West Khasi Hills 5, East Jaintia Hills 10, West Jaintia Hills 20, East Garo Hills 20, North Garo Hills 0, West Garo Hills 40, South West Garo Hills 8 and South. Garo Hills 2.
The Acting President of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union, Soni Kharjana, said that the work of ASHAs is very high.
In a statement, Pradyot Debbarma said that politics is a dirty job after he found a video showing that some leaders of TIPRA Motha were trying to In a statement, Pradyot Debbarma said that he has special respect for the Chief Minister, but since the Legislative Assembly elections, they have not been present. any leaders who have spoken or come forward for the welfare of the indigenous people.
The time had to be changed as the Tournament Committee was preparing to broadcast it live on the YouTube channel of the Meghalaya State League.
A total of 408.08 grams of heroin was seized from 247 boxes of foreign cigarettes by the Customs Preventive Force, Excise and Narcotics Department during the Special Narcotics operation. Police Station CID Crime (Mizoram) at Champhai, Zote and Aizawl.
The winner of the tournament received a cash prize of Rs 2 lakh and a trophy and the runner up received a cash prize of Rs 10 lakh and a trophy.
Speaking on the issue of continuing to serve as a member of the KSU, Donbok Kharlyngdoh said that he has been in the KSU for 16 years and he is not happy to leave the KSU. He said that there were also members and leaders from other units (not from Mawlai) who phoned him to ask him to form a party. If you have any other opinion, please let us know, but your feelings do not allow you to stay behind the KSU because you believe that you have been a longdoh long snam in the KSU. ,' Maitshaphrang, the star of the country, I don't know how to say.
The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) has decided to lodge a complaint with the authorities against the BDO for violating the MGNREGA order. The union has requested the BDO to discuss this issue, but the BDO has not taken action so far.
On the other hand, I would like to thank the Meghalaya Cooperative Apex Bank Ltd for implementing the scheme as many people with disabilities have benefited from this scheme.
Rev. Ferdinand Dkhar was born on 26th June, 1962 in Ïongkaluh, East Jaintia Hills.
Before taking part in politics, he served in the army and traveled around the world.
“This league will be only for those players who have not yet played or registered in various leagues recognized by the MFA and will be played only on weekends and holidays.
Hamletson Dohling will hold the post of Urban Affairs and Information Technology.
The Government has also banned people from entering and leaving the villages within the Infected Zone while vehicles leaving the Infected Zone have been allowed to leave only after being thoroughly cleaned and disinfected.
He also said that the BJP is using the Enforcement Directorate (ED) and the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) as its political weapons to suppress those who oppose it.
Ronnie V Lyngdoh said the Bharat Jodo Yatra, a program organized by the Congress party across the country under the leadership of Rahul Gandhi, has frightened the BJP leaders. and the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) as a whole.
It may be recalled that this is the issue that the Khasi filmmakers have been expressing , that the theft of Khasi films and songs has caused a huge loss to the filmmakers , and which is also an obstacle to the who will continue the film industry.
After this, he said that they had discussed at home and decided not to be treated but to send for treatment to Dr.Boss L.Myrthong in Nongstoin as they had received information that he had been able to cure him. most chronic pain patients by treating through herbal medicines.
We want to know who are the authorities to issue the Challan to transport the coal if it is not under the authority of the Director? asked Bah Dkhar.
The Election Commission has also identified more than 3000 polling stations in the state in the last elections as those with low turnout, with 5 polling stations in one constituency. .
I didn't breathe and sat there until they left.
Sanbor also donated 21,000 tyngka to 16 Committees of Churches and Religious Groups.
These vehicles will visit the villages to provide information about the beneficial schemes of the Central Government.
It is to be recalled that on October 3, 2022, this market was also closed.
It is on this basis that the Jirang MLA and Jirang MDC held the meeting at IB Byrnihat, in the presence of government officials, including Bah Eric Kevin Dkhar, EAC of the Ri Bhoi, Bah SSwer, Senior Scientist, MSPCB and other government officials.
If the NPP candidates win from Meghalaya, it doesn't mean that they will turn into BJP but they will have the same cooperation as in the past but not to abandon the basis of support for their own state. “It's not allowed to affect our culture, our way of life, and that's important,” said Bindo.
A few days after the harvest, many suckers appear.
The search for those in contact with the patient is ongoing and the shop has been closed until further notice.
On the other hand, the Waheh Shnongs, farmers of Pynthornein together with the leaders of the Pynthornein Farmers Association, Khooid Ya Ka Wah Myntdu welcomed this project but urged the officers of the Water Resource Department not to build it. This Project will be a blessing to the farmers of Pynthornein.
“Besides the allocation of funds from the central government, the state government also has to raise funds from itself to run and implement this scheme.
He said that the government's plan for the new land to be given to the residents of Them ïew Mawlong is still insufficient, the land is insufficient and there are still other residents. and it is not clear in whose name those houses will be given.
Today is the first day of the “Soo Sngi Le Iaw” where the Khon Raij from Chilliangraij Village brought the Symbud Village from Riatturiem to Tre Loomsooiung, Newhill Jowai for the night.
What does this law mean? It means that to whom and how we cast our vote on that polling day, no one can know whether we vote for candidate A or B, or anyone else, except ourselves.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the conference will be held for three days only for those who have not been invited and all the programs that attract the public have been cancelled.
It may be recalled that in 2017, the company had to throw away the maggi product, as it was found that the product was not fit for human consumption.
In bowling, only Rebeldalis Syiemlieh (1/8 off 1.5) and Ajima Sangma (1/8 off 2) took wickets before Bengal managed to score in 7.5 overs. put.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Meghalaya Border Area Development Association (MBADWA) has sent a letter to the CEM of KHADC and the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District to express the concerns of the people of Ri-Bhoi District. The letter was signed by Bah Lakhon Lamin President of the party.
Under the Model Code of Conduct, it is also prohibited to buy voters and voters should have the freedom to exercise their right to vote without any fear or hesitation.
Let us open our eyes now, to turn away from these financial and other scientific methods of those who seek our support; but to ask carefully, among the candidates standing in my constituency, which of them have the skills of true, honest and upright leadership in their lives and work.
Shillong, Lber 11: Two persons have been arrested by the State Police on suspicion of involvement in the IED bomb blast in Them Mawlong, at the parking lot of commercial buses on the night of the 9th of this month.
However, it is sad because there are political parties especially in this election campaign because they don't have any dignity or respect, they think they are angels and all people are sinners,” he said. added.
During the hours of the road blockade, it was found that the residents of Tongseng, Kuliang, Pyrtakuna, Umkiang, Donaskur, Donaumbluh, Ratacherra and villages under the jurisdiction of the JAC have come out to protest. The Waheh Shnongs, Longkmie, Longkpa have expressed their anger over the silence of the state government which does not understand the problems of the people in the area. They said that even the school children are facing difficulties in going to school due to the heavy traffic jam in the area. They don't go to the hospital to get medicine.
If such wild animals survive, it will put the community in great danger and it will also be a source of encouragement to the women, children and even the elderly.
Shillong: U Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the government will maintain the political map of the state prepared since 1979-80, regarding the land dispute with Assam.
“The HSPDP party will work hard to fill the water that has gone out of the well, this means that even if we don't have MLAs anymore but in 2023 we will work hard to fill it again, I don't know how much,” he said. Two MLAs will leave the party but if they leave the party it is their own opinion and not because the HSPDP has no foundation like others”.
Borah said the two states have proceeded to seek information from the residents together with the authorities from both the states.
“The reason for the resignation is to get the Sub Division.
Shillong, November 4: The Pasteur Institute, Lawmali Shillong, has celebrated its 100th anniversary in the service of the people of the state.
“However, in the Lineage Amendment Bill, it is only to recognize and register the Seng Kurs but we don't see that it will have the power to empower the Seng Kurs,” he added.
Jyndiang also expressed his deep concern over the problems that have arisen within the party, due to the presence of party workers who are trying to disrupt the smooth running of the party. He said that besides these two members whom the EC has decided to suspend, there are also some others who have been involved in the party including the leaders of the Youth Wing. They have sent a letter to the President of the party, to express their opposition and dissatisfaction with the candidate of the party, the President of the Nongstoin Area Unit who is also an MLA. Nonstop.
“I condemn the order issued by the DC...yes it is a good intention, a good idea but a wrong decision,” said Bah Nongrum.
“One of the ASAK members was killed and another escaped with injuries,” said SP East Garo Hills Davies Marak.
These elders encouraged and blessed the leaders and members of the party to have a healthy body in the coming days and may God bless them in their work.
According to the Khasi District Council, the Khasi District Council has not given permission to anyone to allocate land for the purpose of erecting signboards. on the border with Bangladesh.
In the interview, the BDO said that he has no authority to register or remove anyone as this has been done by the authorities of the Dorbar Shnong.
JOWAI: The plan of the Assam Police to build a police station at Khatkasla on the Meghalaya-Assam border has failed after a show of force between the two districts in the presence of the police and the residents of Khatkasla and Psiar villages on Friday.
Furthermore, members have been directed to reject all appointments related to the immediate implementation of NEP 2020,” the statement said.
The responsibility for this should not be on the students, the prime minister, the officers and so on, but should have a share from the forest department, the land management department and others. The Forest Department, the Land Management Department and especially the villages, which have those trees, should take responsibility and ensure that the trees grow and flourish. cleanse the nature that has been destroyed.
Shillong, Nailar 6: U Bah Ardent M Baiasawmoit has strongly criticized the Rangbah Shnongs for not taking action to address the problems faced by the people especially in these days.
“Tirot Sing Syiem was the light of India's independence struggle against the British rule.
I don't know why, but I'm sure it's a toothless institution.
Donbestar from South West Khasi Hills, in the 56kg flyweight category, defeated Nagaland and Uttarakhand before reaching the final.
He recalled that last year he and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare had visited the PHC in Lawbah but the government has not shown any signs yet.
India believes Khaplang is in Yangon and is undergoing treatment.
God sent a storm and a fish to punish Jonah (Jonah 1 – 2 chapters).
The report said that the preparations were adequate but the implementation was poor and wrong because the intention was to arrest Bah Thangkhiew.
During the search, police recovered 41 packets of heroin weighing 46.42 grams, four mobile phones, one plastic bag, one injection stick, one syringe. Superintendent of Police (City) Bah Vivek Syiem has arrested four empty plastic bags and a vehicle number ML05-D-9 under the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing.
Shillong, November 18: Former MLA Sohra Constituency Dr PW Khongjee has passed away on the occasion of the 76th death anniversary of Myllung Soso Tham (1873-1940). The Syiem of Sohra Hima, Paiem Freeman Sing Syiem, Village Leaders, Members of the Hima Sohra Dorbar, Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council Sohra Circle held a program to lay flowers at the statue of this poet. in front of the office of the Syiem of Sohra Hima in Sohra on 17th November.
Banpyntngen said that according to the information and research it is estimated that there are 10 of these agencies but those found by the union are 5 or 6 and the union has informed. If these agencies fail to provide the necessary documents, the union will immediately close down these agencies.
The cyclone will weaken until tomorrow afternoon, March 12, when it will cool down and calm down with less dew movement in the coastal waters of Odisha.
Shillong: The Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum (KJCLF) has called on the Assamese people and the people of the region not to express their shortcomings and opposition.
“It seems that the grievances of the people have not reached the MDA Government and its Ministers.
“But you are.
The day was enriched by dancing and singing by the school children, games and other activities.
These lights can illuminate the stadium with a strong lux level of up to 350 lux lights inside the stadium.
Regarding education, he urged the parents to create opportunities to provide the same education by seeking assistance from all over the country and also from the government authorities. They have the right to education like other children.
Impossible, how can they properly balance the books," he said.
The arrested HNLC member was identified as John Fishal Lyngkhoi, 23, of Mawlai Nongkwar.
Happiness and sorrow for the farmers: The rainy season is a happiness for the farmers because it is the time when they have harvested all the crops, such as rice, wheat, barley, rice bran, pathaw , shriew, phandieng, karo, mungor, cucumber, sorghum, sohmrit, latyrpad, sying, synsar, sorghum, sorghum, sohmynken tyrkhong, and others.
Jowai, Naiwieng 03: Speaking at a meeting held at Raliang Village today, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, said that the demand for meat in Meghalaya has increased to 100,0 18 thousand Matric Tonnes of pork production per annum and if calculated in terms of money, it has reached 630 (Three hundred and thirty) crore tyngka.
The UDP leaders initially appeared to have the same right to kill people as the NPP, in which they killed the Speaker of the KHADC; However, later, they began to understand that this forced election had no meaning and saw that it had damaged the NPP and that it had no benefit to the EC group. The UDP, NPP and it is perhaps on this issue that they have started to aste and from these signs, it seems that they want to attract and even hand over the post of Chief Executive Member (CEM) to We have written many times in this column that the failure of the EC in the Khasi District Council depends on its leader and when he is removed, he should hold on to the EC. If it had been for the collapse of the EC, the UDP and NPP would have come back to the Council.
He said that many of the people do not have the necessary documents to prove that many of them have just been introduced by the government recently as birth certificates, and others and this has made it difficult for the people to get land. in the NRC although they are the rights of the citizens of the country.
On the question, since when will colleges in Meghalaya which used to affiliate with the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) which is a Central Government university, and do not have to sit for the CUET? , Bah Paul said that after the university comes into operation, these colleges in Meghalaya will also join the university.
They were also arrested at Laitumkhrah and Mawlai police stations.
In a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police (City), Bah Vivek Syiem, the Special Cell Police, who received a tip that some people were demanding money from shops in Police Bazar and Ïewduh, immediately arrested the police. make a shrip cover.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
This support came after the Voice of the People Party (VPP) threatened not to participate in the Governor's speech if he speaks in Hindi without an interpreter.
however, the judges and their leaders showed understanding and perseverance to the end.
The meeting was attended by officers of the Directorate of Agriculture, Village Leaders including the Sordar of Thynroit, Bah Harkin Warjri, Sordar of Jongksha, Bah Olet Kharsahnoh, license holders to distribute fertilizers, farmers and others. and residents.
The engineer said the contractor has been directed to complete the road from 7 Mer, Upper Shillong to Pynursla within four months.
Regarding the letter heads, it was said that they were old and were seized by the police on 21st November 2013 from Jakrem. It is also a threat to the leader of HANM and it is also an insult to these arrests from time to time.
They left his house in a motorcycle with NPP flags, which he wore in a new uniform, after he left the UDP party, which was also after not getting a ticket to contest from Umsning Constituency. , whose UDP party has already nominated Sunshine Makri.
Glad you show such a spirit.
Earlier, the CSWO had lodged a complaint with the Governor to remove Prashant Naik, MUDA Secretary Tableland Lyngwa and MUDA Counsel SP Mahanta. They were involved in the acquisition of land in New Shillong Township (NST) without proper documents.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Kitbok Mylliem Umlong, Social Secretary and Incharge of the Abattoir at Mawïong, said that the abattoir in Mawïong is a safe place to slaughter meat. The cleanliness of the area has been adequate especially for the people who eat the meat slaughtered in this area. It is safe to eat because before slaughtering the animals, the doctors have They are checked carefully before being taken to the shops for sale and if the doctors find that the goods are of such quality, they are not allowed to take the goods to the shops for sale.
The funeral service will be held on 18.07.2022, at 1:00 pm from her residence and the funeral service will be held at the Khimusniang Presbyterian Church.
A storm came, so I had to find a way to relieve my anxiety.
The shortage of operation of the pharmacy has caused a lot of trouble to the residents who have to go to get gas from other villages as the pharmacy is no longer working.
In fact, it falls from 251 million to 1.6 million.
The decision of the Dorbar Shnong came after the Karbi threatened the Khasi-Pnar residents to go to the farmland.
It would be useful for us to consider the following facts so that we can see whether we still need District Councils at present.
Throughout the day, the MLA of Nongpoh, also handed over money to the Dorbar Shnong so that it can work and provide for the needs and especially to look after the family whose father has contracted COVID-1 -19.
Tyllilang FC won the title. The Pay For Right Football Academy has opened another training camp in Ri Bhoi District. region.
The SCA has also announced that it will organize tennis ball cricket for women.
The new arrangements are that vehicles will no longer be allowed to pass through Laimer to Lummawbah when they want to go to Shillong.
He said that it is not easy to get the soh now, but the Government has taken the necessary measures and there have been changes which will enable the State to improve in terms of income. document.
On the other hand, the two organizations have met face to face with the Secretary EC of JHADC to seek clarification on the non-issuance of the investigation report.
The RBYF Umsning Circle has demanded that the government should take action against those who smuggle foreigners through this vehicle. Such people who intend to enter the state, without proving the documents they have, because their initial arrival was only as employees, but after staying employees for a longer time, it is not known. that what else they will do next.
The figures are as follows. From 1 September 2018 to 28 Feb 2019 there were 22587. From 1 March 2019 to 30 June 2019 there were 14,687. From July 2019 to 29 February 2020 there were 21,0
This was the challenge faced by the Hospital in the beginning and Dr Roberts acknowledged this in his speech at the meeting of the British Assam Medical Mission, Assam Branch in
The committee alleged that the KHCF has shown its accounts that it has received T.57,22,000 from the KHADC while the documents witnessed by Welljune show that he has paid only T.57,22,000 tyngka. 36 lakh rupees (excluding the figures which he gave without exhibits of evidence).
“In these years that I have been an MDC, I have won through the support of Bah Don,” said Bah Teinwel who is also the CEM of KHADC. In the decades of his political career, he has worked with Dr Donkupar and has never done anything else.
In this present article, we shall discuss and talk about this message which has been given a long name, and that is “CONSCIENCE”.
By Philip Marwein The Rohingya are Muslims living in the Rakhine state in western Burma or now Myanmar.
I have been writing news for more than 33 years and I have found that there are a few elderly people who write sweet news and which the readers are very interested in reading.
Those interested can contact the MFA office, Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium from 1:00pm to 5:00pm or by email Meghalaya.
The government today convened a meeting of all political parties and leaders from the disputed areas to discuss in more detail the issue after holding it earlier.
She said that it is a long journey as there are many things that need to be done before the Khasi language can be included in the Eight Scheduled.
The statement said that the burning of hills and forests has affected the environment, the surrounding area, wildlife, living things and at the same time the It also pollutes the air, endangering the lives of people, property, livestock and it was also found that people are very afraid to set fire to the hills and forests in West Khasi Hills. Hills districts such as Mawlangkhar, Mawpun, Nongkhnum and other places.
The lawyer of the District Council in the case is Vijay Hansaria, a senior advocate of the Supreme Court who has been there for about 30 years, and at the same time he is also the President. of the Legal Assistance Forum, India.
Furthermore, in 1683 the merchant class became stronger and “the Company was allowed, not only to trade, but to settle land, make money, raise troops, make alliances, fight and make peace, and conduct the work of dewani and phoidari"
The Meghalaya Government's intention to build this Meghalaya Police Station at Tumtum village shows that the Meghalaya Government has treated our fellow citizens who live on the other side of the Wah Myntang who fall under the Block- 1 from Psiar, Khatkasla, Moojem and Moluber because Tumtum is a village far from the Wah Myntang and it is also a peaceful village where there is no violence.
This was done not because these areas were Karbi areas, but only for administrative convenience at that time”.
Surprisingly, in the writing of the Khasi culture, the most prominent writers are the scholars, the nobles, the simpah simsong among the Christians.
Shillong, Lber 9: For the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod West to be held at Mawlai Umshing on the 12th of this month, police have arranged traffic roads and parking spaces.
Dihacianlang is the son of Ricky Tariang and Leda Nongpluh.
These groups will be set up in each village to provide financial assistance to the farmers, whether they are farmers or farmers of soh ki pai, jhur ki jhep and others.
They shall also not marry the mother of the bakha or the wife of their son.
Sangma said the State has released a Corpus Fund of T.104.62 crore besides the 10% requirement of the State of T.30.19 crore until June 2023.
The Government did not respond when asked from which month and year the OM of 14 July 2023 will start.
He said the government has taken measures to request for land in Bangalore.
This is a golden opportunity for them to showcase their skills in order to join the team.
There are 4 men in Wapong.
Why don't others do the same? Why don't you accept it? Why doesn’t the government listen? The roads do not belong to schools, but to the people.
In every area of ​​life we ​​want and aspire to succeed.
He also spoke on the ways and means to improve income in agriculture, tourism, food industry and other employment opportunities.
Four athletes from Meghalaya including two women and two men have been given the golden opportunity to represent the state at the 37th National Games to be held in Goa.
The MP elections have now started and all the political parties will come together to urge the people to elect their candidate.
Jowai, Jymmang 02: After three days of deadline to provide JIO network across the Jaintia Hills, the Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) Jaintia Hills today immediately closed down its office. The JIO office is located in Jowai.
The announcement was made at the Meghalaya Age Store, New Delhi on Friday.
Dr Marak said that the Veterinary Department has already conducted a post mortem at the Laboratory at Lumdiengjri and found that the death of these pigs was This is due to a disease known as Classical Swine Fever.
He said that he had gathered all the villagers to investigate, but at first they did not tell but they refused and said that they did not want to go with Assam.
On the same issue, the President of CSWO, Agnes Kharshiing, said that the CSWO will send a letter to the bank requesting the child to open an account. Many Commissioners and Principal Secretaries in charge of the disabled have been asked to resolve the issue, as they have alleged that it will stop without reaching anything. .
Looking at the increase in income in these days, it is clear that this is what has put the poor in trouble because even though the price of food and drink has increased, the rich don't have enough. but the poor are destroyed in the days to come.
The tournament was inaugurated by Kong PL Nonglait DSEO Ri-Bhoi District in the presence of Bah S Pasleiñ, DSP Ri-Bhoi District, Samla Ronald L Nonglait State Player, Bah Boby. L Nongbet District Sports Officer, Ri-Bhoi District, and other district officials.
Shillong, Lber 1 : The National People's Party (NPP) Lok Sabha candidate from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, has denied that the people are against the MDA-led government. The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has won the MP election because the people see that this is a working government.
The Israelites knew Jesus well, even though Peter had to tell them that Jesus was the Lord and the Christ whom the Jews (Israel) had crucified.
"We must win this election, in fact, we have already won, it just needs a fair vote," Giuliani said.
This news has spread not only in Meghalaya but has reached around the world where other English newspapers from other places have also published this news.
“The delay is after the chairman of the committee appointed by the government did not work,” he said.
“There are many people who want to contest from the NPP party,” Conrad said, adding that this shows that there is interest on the part of the people in the NPP. you have a desire for them and this is a sign that you have hope.
In this regard, the union also demands that more electric posts should be installed in the Nongkhlieh Elaka area, as there are still many places where there are no post electrict and this has caused problems to the residents especially. In these days, the supply of electricity is essential, concluded the statement.
The English ruled so powerfully that they conquered the Celts, who were the indigenous people.
Shillong: The Langrin Youth Welfare Association (LYWA) has expressed its deep sorrow after seeing the emergency call for a meeting held at Wahkaji village, South West Khasi Hill District. The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Committee on Environment, comprising only a few Village Leaders, Sengbhalang, Hima, and the invitation of the Committee is only a formality on the part of the Ministry of Environment. Government.
Shillong: U Lahkmen Rymbui of the United Democratic Party (UDP) has won Amlarem constituency against Stephanson Mukhim of the NPP with 17,803 votes. Mukhim received 177.46 votes and Ma Rymbui received 57 votes.
It was through Prime that I had the opportunity to travel to Bangkok and Paris and it was a wonderful experience on being able to witness the journey of being involved in the trade".
On the other hand, the reporter has also received information from many of the supporters of Bah Pynshngaiñ from Mawsynram constituency, where they have expressed their confidence that Bah Pynshngaiñ will continue to contest from Mawsynram. The question now is whether Bah Pynshngaiñ will leave Mawsynram because he has started moving to Pynthor-Umkhrah or will he contest both the constituencies?
Be strong in hope.
When you appointed the Committee, didn't you know that the ILP was not included in the Manifesto of the Congress? Now, is it included in the Manifesto 2018? Because now he is no longer in power, he demands ILP, as does the Congress in Meghalaya.
Informing about this, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong said that the state government has already sent a notice to the central government regarding all these requirements and now they are waiting for the allocation of funds.
From that day on they walked together.
The step taken by the Central Government under the leadership of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi is to assist the four states affected by such natural disasters.
He said that PA Sangma was the founder of the NPP party in order to open the door for the people of the North East and other ethnic groups in the country to make their voices heard.
The meeting was attended by the elders , village leaders and residents of both these villages in the meeting which was held at their respective villages starting from Thyllaw the meeting in Mawlongbna.
He said that we should look at the ancestors and know the history because many of the youth of this patent do not know the history of the past.
Mairang, Jymmang 5: As part of the celebration of the North East Festival 2022 which is part of the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav, the office of the Deputy Commissioner East West Khasi Hills District, in collaboration with the office The SHG Mela cum Financial Literacy Camp was held at Madan Mot Tirot, Mairang Mission today.
The certificate was handed over in the presence of Khroo L Pariat, Vice President, Assistant General Secretary, Oriland Shylla Treasurer and other members. PHE has decided to immediately remove the shyiap which has filled the Mupiah thwei for the Myntdu River which is supplied with water to the households in Jowai and especially for many parts of the Myntdu which have been filled with soil. and shyiap, as well as a complaint has been lodged against the loss of the liar pamblah which supplies water to the fields and Myntdu, due to the landslide by the contractor who is constructing the Jowai by pass.
I have nothing but prayers and blessings for you to continue to help those in need," she said.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: Unidentified robbers have kidnapped and killed the brother of a policeman in Tura on Friday night.
“The mindset of the PIOs as I have seen, when they receive an RTI request, they read and find out what the rules are to avoid providing information, instead of providing the information as requested. person.
Their placards read to protest against the High Level Committee and to evict them from the area.
Jowai, Naiwieng 9: Students of Kiang Nangbah Government College Students' Union (KNGCSU) have staged a surprise protest against the government's silence on their demands.
The MLA was speaking as the chief guest at the closing ceremony of the Shillong Archdiocese Catholic Youth Movement (SACYM) Zone-V on the 09th November, 2023 at Jongksha. .
Also present on the occasion were Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem as the chief guest. Shillong as the headquarters.
“I feel that at this time, it is a victory for the people of Bri U Hynniewtrep.
He said that the Urban Mission's intention to take this part in the fight to free those people from the evil deeds they have fallen into has already been one of the goals they have achieved. .
Chinese scientists have discovered this fact at two hospitals in Wuhan, which is also the epicenter of the coronavirus, which is spreading around the world. , published in the journal Nature, on Tuesday.
According to RBYF members, the truck container number UP-21-CN-7756 was coming from Silchar, but when it reached the scene, it collapsed. These Pylleng rotted and sprouted, which also caused a severe snowstorm.
In East Jaintia Hills District, one case is High Risk Contact, in West Jaintia Hills District, three cases including one from outside the state and two High Risk Contacts.
Shillong, November 29: The State Government through the Department of Arts and Culture, will hold the Midnight Shad for the first time at Khyndailad. welcome to the new year.
Police have registered a case at Sadar Police Station under the NDPS Act.
The issues raised by the village leaders and elders were on the border demarcation issue and that they do not want to go to Assam. The Hima Nongwah Mawtamur is part of Meghalaya.
“SHGs are groups that set an example in helping each other and through this mutual assistance to develop each other will eradicate poverty,” said Bah Banteidor.
Furthermore, Dr. Evarist Myrsing also spoke on many aspects of the education which he has gathered as one of the experts in the field of education and as a young man from Ri Bhoi. “We have to understand that if we travel around the world without education, we will not reach anywhere,” he added.
The screening for the players will be held on the 11th and 12th June 2023 at the office of the District Sports Officer, Nongpoh from 11:00 am to 4:00 pm.
The MPYC President said the Congress party under the leadership of Rahul Gandhi has demanded that the Central Government should provide free vaccination to all the citizens of the country.
Rephica Becky has once again brought fame and glory to our state after winning the 65km marathon held at Pedong, West Bengal.
Even after six months of the MLA elections in the state, the song “Kongdeng, Kongnah...Ha U Prah” is still popular.
After the meeting, the TJMCC team of APSTA left for St. Ferrando Transit Shelter Mawlai Mawroh at 3.00 pm.
“The Prime Minister will arrive in Shillong at about 11 am on the 7th of this month.
He said that the Congress has failed in the posts of MUDA, Rangbah Shnong, Mawiong, Mawshun, and how can these friends cooperate with the Congress when they oppose.
However, so far, the Congress-led government has not done anything to create rules to address this issue.
“We have burnt with fire, with the words of the story, we have tried to escape from anything,” said Bah Arwal.
On the part of the village leaders of these three villages, they expressed their gratitude and thanks to NEEPCO, which has worked hard and to think special for these villages, which are also the villages. who really needed to have patient transport vehicles.
From these hilltops the road goes down and crosses the Umlur River and from there it passes through the sharings of the small hills facing west until it meets another small river, the Umdumai.
Wailad said the purpose of relocating the Jowai PWD North Division is to provide space for the Mini Secretariat to come to Jowai in the same building for the benefit of the people.
Thank you so much,.
Noting that even for four hours no doctor came to see the patient, the MLA said that this is a shame to the state and the health department as a whole.
On Tuesday, Jonathan apologized to the court for his offence.
Shillong, November 02: The Khasi Disabilities Association (KDA) has canceled its plan to sit in front of the Additional Secretariat after the government promised to look into their problems. called to talk to them today.
Speaking as a member of the public, they said that until noon, they were waiting for the equipment to be brought by the company. There is no sign of the construction of the bridge.
Schools in parts of West Garo Hills District of Meghalaya will be closed from 19th June to 21st June.
They should be encouraged to pursue their studies so that they can become successful in their lives.
The awards were presented to Dr Jayakumar, Ex-Director, IGCAR, Kalpakkam (2019-2020) and Dr SK BhaumiK, NAL, Bangalore (Retd.) (2021-2022); National Failure Analyst Award to Dr RC Prasad, IIT B, (2019), Dr M Srinivas, DMRL, (2020), Dr SVSN Murty, LPSC/ISRO (2021), Dr Swati Biswas , GTRE/DRDO (2022); The National Young Failure Analyst Award went to Dr Jalja, VSSC, (2019), Shri Vedula Ram Prasad, Shri Hiramraju, Deep Rock Drills Pvt Ltd.
Shillong, July 09: The Director General of Police (DGP) Dr. LR Bishnoi on Tuesday awarded the Epaulettes to 11 promoted Police Officers at a function held at the Police Headquarters, Shillong. Shillong.
The search for the bodies started from 7 pm to 3 pm.
Speaking to Rupang, he reminded that the scheme is for all the poor people, regardless of party, but those who are entitled to receive it should. get.
In the 63 KG category, Stimon Pathaw won the first prize and Lucina Wahlang came second.
At present, the presence of Prestone Tynsong, Paul Lyngdoh, Ampareen Lyngdoh, AL Hek, Sniawbhalang Dhar and others has greatly strengthened the responsibility of the Chief Minister. Conrad K Sangma.
This was stated by Bah Sawkmie after the filing of nomination papers for the election to be held on the 27th of this month.
Eventually, these five trucks had to flee with the garbage from the area.
Besides the speakers, the dorbar was enriched by traditional dances and music by the participants from all over the Hima Mylliem.
Referring to the JN Sports Complex, the Minister said that the ground will be converted into natural turf.
For more information, please contact Bah Dmikstar Lyngdoh at no.8837474016.2) U Rakot bam byin:- I will take this from the story of the Lyngngam elders.
Speaking to reporters on Thursday, Ma Sniawbha Dhar said that the State Government has sent more police forces to provide security and patrols in the Lapangap area, which is in the midst of ethnic tensions. between the Khasi Pnar and Karbi people for several days now.
This order shall apply to all members of Work-Charge and Casual Employees except Bungalow Persons, who hold a rank below the Applicable pay level equivalent to employees of the same rank below regular establishment, services day post.
Amberlight Masharing, Secretary of the Raid, said that the Raid welcomes the introduction of the MeECL to pay the light bill in the area.
On the other hand, the HNLC, in a statement on the 1st of this month, said that the National Green Tribunal (NGT), when it hears the hearing on the 9th of this month, if it does not appoint those The union will call a 24 hour curfew from 6 pm on the 10th and end at 6 pm on the 11th of this month.
The Congress has won in 20 plus constituencies, the NPP in 15 constituencies and the BJP in six constituencies.
The maximum temperature was 11.7 degrees Celsius in Shillong and 3.8 degrees Celsius in Sohra.
In the evening, these leaders together with the residents of Khanduli left the JHADC grounds and went to the Deputy Commissioner's office to shout and condemn the government.
When asked, Bah Rymbui declined to say whether any group was involved, but said that after the investigation, it will be known who is involved and the cause of the robbery.
He said that there are ways to prevent the spread of the disease if people cooperate with the relevant departments or agencies. I went ahead and tested.
“What is more interesting to know here is that even the air hostesses who work on the planes have recognized all the Congress MLAs from Meghalaya and this has been said by those air hostesses,” said Bah Paul.
The reporter, who was walking along the road, found that at the time of the raid, it was seen that it was just a joke.
He said that the NPP does not have the ticket race like the Congress party in the past, but now the Congress party has to recruit people to contest the elections.
He said that the NEPMU from Assam has phoned them and asked for their support, but they as the NEPMU from the state have not agreed to support, because they are holding this protest for those who have been killed. He said that the law should do whatever is necessary, because the party has already made it clear that they do not support any illegal activities and their moto is ong, “Work Rightly.
Shillong, July 22: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has criticized other political parties for having only one or two leaders while the UDP has many leaders. in politics and they were great intellectuals.
Thank you ShibunNa, I'm sorry if I'm wrong.
The former Germany manager has already signed a contract with the club where he will continue to serve as the club's chief executive until of the World Cup and who has now replaced Paulo Bento; He left the squad in November after South Korea suffered a defeat in the pre-quarterfinals of the 2022 World Cup to Brazil.
Don't be mistaken, the nation will fall into your hands.
“All FTT members are pleased with the work of the committee.
She said that they arrived in Guwahati on the morning of the 23rd of the same month and Nongtoin at about 8.30 pm while the incident of burning down these government offices happened on the 23rd of this month. 12.30 shiteng synia “How can a person be involved in burning down an office when he hasn't even reached Nongstoin?” asked Victoria.
Joy hind.
“Earlier, Bah DP Wahlang, Chief Secretary, said that in the past years, the civil services have received many criticisms and it is time to look back and look into why. The steel frame has begun to deteriorate and why the explanation of the civil service has been questioned from time to time.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Lumlang Nongsiej BMC Umsning Block congratulated the staff of this group for their work which has brought about the improvement of this school.
Before the implementation of the containment measures from 1st June to 10th June in Jowai, the West Jaintia Hills District Police Department has launched a rally in Jowai. The residents of the village to work together to overcome the spread of COVID-1
Moreover, by infiltrating, rainwater cannot carry away the fertile soil from above.
Mondal said that (L) Muktieh is not an employee of MeECL but works as a security guard with the contractor, ITD Cementation India Limited. ahead.
He said that a Tourism Management Committee has been set up in the village to look after the activities related to this tourism industry.
Therefore, the RBYF 20mer Circle leader appealed to the drivers to listen to the request of the RBYF 20mer Circle to avoid any tragic incident. The road constructed under the PMGSY scheme should be long lasting and of great benefit to the people living in different villages of the area.
Regarding these facts, he said that all the people, should assume, that they are sick, but do not show any symptoms outside and should follow the rules and these include, in wearing mask, in their own homes, from now on and for 14 days.
The number of samples sent so far is 1,27,571, 1,22,248 negative and 867 results are pending.
In two seasons, she made just six appearances and scored two goals, and missed out due to injuries.
Leaders of the North East Petroleum Mazdoor Union (NEPMU) on Friday decided to end the strike and resume the supply of oil to Meghalaya.
There are 37 recoveries from the disease.
“It is up to the people to elect only one or two parties to rule in order to escape from a corrupt government,” he said.
“Has it been able to cover the state under its jurisdiction because the Judicial Inquiry Commission is only for Meghalaya and not for Assam,” he asked.
It is for this reason that we should choose our friends carefully because our lives depend on our hands, feet, minds to do, to walk, to stand. think carefully and don't be afraid.
Earlier, the government had decided that the committee would include Minister Hamletson Dohling, Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, civil society, religious leaders and village leaders' unions.
Ma Lakmen Rymbui also urged the people to refrain from the slaughter of wildlife as all the animals created by God have a role for mankind in the world.
“He said the meeting was to discuss the state of the party and I have received the opinion from the Prime Minister and the party office bearers,” Joshi said.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma today said that there is no conflict in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) as the government has not yet recognized the Chief Executive Member (KHADC). CEM) is new.
The name War comes from the word pad-war which means the owner of the riat, so the people who live in the remote areas to the east of Bangladesh are called War, while the word Khynriam means more people. Those who lived to the east of the Umngot River, the War Jaintia to this day call the people to the west of Umngot Khynriam.
Reports also suggest that if all the films that Deepika is starring in this year and next year go as well as Pathaan, she will become the richest film.
Speaking to media, Pala said, “The power of money has been running for three or four days, when they phoned our leaders, they tried to offer money. There has been an attempt to implement them by the power of money, especially in Mawphalng Constituency”.
If we look back to the past years , ( I don't want to know the village and the opposing church ) I remember that a child had to be buried outside the border of that village because church A says that those who die from church B are not allowed and at that time no believer from church A can say that we church A are wrong.
In Ribhoi, there are 9 cases and these include 7 cases from abroad and 2 cases of ILI. In West Jaintia Hills, there are 7 cases and these include 2 cases in Bakur, 4 cases from abroad and one case. who has screening.
In the meantime, she has ensured that her other activities continue such as providing home care to newborns, poor mothers, the elderly and patients with Tuberculosis, Hypertension and Diabetes.
It may be recalled that in July 2020, the leaders of KSU Mawshynrut through the voice of the people, reminded before the Chief Minister with a memorandum on the demands of the people of the area.
He said this while talking to reporters on November
Shangpung is a village under the Saansad Adarsh ​​Gram Yojana (SAGY) scheme of the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi.
In an interview with DC Shri AA Baranwal, the Information Secretary, JNC, Samla Mebanteilang Sukhaliñ, said that the DC has asked for clarification on the reason why the C&RD Block office in Lumshnong has been closed. The Deputy Commissioner said that the reason for the closure of the office is because there are no employees yet and there are only two chowkidars in the office. and Engineer and LDA and the lack of salary of these employees for about 4 or 5 months has caused problems to the employees in terms of travel expenses as they have to come from far away places. to stop working.
In verse 4 John says again, “And God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes; and there shall be no more death, neither sorrow, nor crying, neither shall there be any more pain: for the former things are passed away. , the former things have passed away.
When asked by former MLA Process T.Sawkmie who is the UDP candidate, Teibor said, “But in your tenure as MLA, how many works have you produced? .
We understand that we are all focused on COVID 19, it does not mean that we should ignore other difficulties to treat if we are fighting COVID
The SKRS meeting held on 30th November decided to convene this Dorbar to clarify the progress of the work and to discuss and at the same time to look at the ways and means how to get kha said the General Secretary of SKRS, Bah RL Blah.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District has laid down all the rules and regulations to be followed when there is such a disease in any village.
This is the age of science in which we know that in all fields those sciences and technologies have been implemented in which it can be said that there are only struggles to reach the goal of life.
One example of the benefits of tourism that we can witness is in Laitlum and elsewhere as well as how the villagers get income opportunities by participating in many areas and this is the It is clear that we should set a goal to improve the tourism industry in our state so that we can stand on our own feet and that our state can develop in many ways.
At the same time, the DC has also enforced Section 144 CrPc which prohibits candidates from putting up posters or erecting any signboards or public notices in public places without the consent of the that with the writings.
The villagers alleged that the Karbi's action was to disrupt the public meeting.
Regarding the In-Situ Nala which has been constructed around the Myntdu River, he congratulated the MLA of Jowai, Wailadmiki Shylla who led the Commissioner Secretary to the State Government. to inspect these drains which prevent the flow of waste into the river.
He encouraged the delivery of babies in health centres, in order to provide adequate care to pregnant women and babies.
The Government of Meghalaya! When we become like Tripura and when a government comes here in Meghalaya which no longer belongs to the indigenous people of the State, then you will see that in a moment they will make their own laws and They should also be fully implemented for the benefit of their own people, who are no longer the citizens of Meghalaya.
They have to take care of their clothes because they have to stand outside, their juti have to be clean, their books have to be in good condition as set by the schools otherwise they will be punished. from school authorities.
These figures are not yet exact and may change as the counting of votes continues.
He directed the department to conduct Blood Donations Camp from time to time.
The Joint Secretary of the Public Works Department (Road and Building) today announced that the construction of the Shillong-Dawki road funded by JICA, a Japanese company, will start. soon after the jyrwit jyrwat in connection with the acquisition of the land has been resolved.
Besides the report submitted by the State, the Advocate General said that the State has received detailed information and there is also information pending regarding the availability of coal used by the State. The factory produces ferrous alloys, dewbilat and coke.
We must understand that under the provisions of Article 131 of the Constitution of the country, the Supreme Court of the country can intervene if there is a dispute between the two States and also between the Central Government and the States. We have seen what happened between Assam and Mizoram recently.
At this meeting, it was decided to meet with Prestone Tynsong, Minister of Electricity, Government of Meghalaya in the coming days.
Shillong: The Awaken India Movement (AIM) Meghalaya State Unit has sought clarification through the Directorate of School Education and Literacy (DSEL) of the State Government on the conversion of training schools into nursing schools and vice versa. on the implementation of Aadhaar.
This shows that it is responsible for the people of the state,” said James.
According to information, the SIT was set up on 4th June
The CEM said this while presenting the budget in the council session on Tuesday.
ANVC Chairman Dilash Marak told reporters today that the ANVC will surrender 37 heavy weapons including AKs and 33 small arms.
Kyrshanbor Romeo Songthiang won the gold medal in the 38 kg category for the Sub Jr Boys E/K/ (H.St.Edmunds H/S/S).
Because I was from War, he took me to a Border Youth Students Union (BYSU) and he was the President and I was the Assistant Secretary.
The SKRS said the government should repeal the ordinance immediately and urged all the 36 MLAs of Khasi and Jaintia Hills to force them to talk to the government to repeal the ordinance.
The driver of the truck and the sugar were handed over to the Umkiang Out Post Police for further investigation.
Nongpoh: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Kong RM Kurbah, on Tuesday said that no cases of COVID-19 have been reported so far. those youths who have come from different states of India and especially from the North Eastern States of India.
Sachin took the wicket of Mohsin Khan, who took seven wickets for 51 runs.
He also directed the public to follow the rules to prevent the spread of the disease, including wearing masks wherever they go especially in crowded places.
This special tournament for the youth of the Catholic Church of Nongstoin Diocese was held at Mother of Compassion Mawkhlam Parish.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The owner of CMJ University, Chandra Mohan Jha, has surrendered to the Sardar Police Station at 3.30 pm today.
These leaders besides submitting a petition to the Minister in charge of Agriculture, also expressed the desire of the party to bring about a change in the pig farming industry for the benefit of the farmers. pigs in the state.
Initially, the DDWS has introduced various aspects of the ODF Plus recognition process, as there are many villages which may find it difficult to reach the targets related to biodegradable waste management (BWM), plastic waste management (PWM), greywater management (GWM) and faecal sludge management (FSM) prior to ODF Plus accreditation.
Furthermore, each vehicle must have a High Security Registration Plate (HSRP) and a copy of the Registration Certificate must be displayed during the search at any time.
However, Bah Mawrie requested to include his name and send it to the Prime Minister.
This is what the ECI has ordered every election,” said Conrad.
According to the family members, Bah HDR Lyngdoh died of a heart attack at about 6:00 pm.
The government should also take more seriously on this issue because as it is now, the government is still too sensitive on this issue.
“All police stations in the country should have a committee and the people of this area should be members of this committee who live in any place,” he said.
Many times this has led to tragic incidents, so these organizations will give their full support to this protest.
Ma Moonlight won without any opposition.
The Voice of the People (VPP) Khliehriat Circle on 18th November decided to join hands and give full support to the protest of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) to demand the rehabilitation of the National Highway .
The Border Security Force (BSF) on Tuesday seized 37 cows from the East Khasi Hills border, which were intended to be smuggled from India to Bangladesh.
The Rs 10 crore financial assistance has already been approved and if its website is blocked, it should be sent to the Union Minister.
Macmilan, NPP leader, took part in the NPP Mylliem Block meeting at Mylliem Rngi today.
“We have to examine thoroughly, it doesn't mean that just sending is enough,” he said.
Other parts of the state in the past 24 hours included Shella with 184.0mm, RKM Sohra with 150.6mm and other places.
By obeying the serpent sin entered the world.
When asked when the party will announce the ticket of the candidate for Singh, Witting said the leaders will have to look into the situation in Nongstoin tomorrow and if the party wins, It is enough to announce the candidate immediately but if it is not possible they will announce later.
Four days ago I saw on YouTube that our President and the Prime Minister are shaking hands despite Modi's ban on shaking hands.
Meanwhile, the Secretary of Khanduli Village, Helme Slong, congratulated the JSM for taking this initiative to demand the removal of the Tax Gate of Assam as many farmers in the area have lost their farming jobs. riang since there is no place to collect taxes.
Rupang: You also expressed your desire that the State Government should talk to the Indian Government to repeal the MMDR Act, so there is a possibility to repeal the Act from the 6th Schedule. Area? If I am not mistaken, in 1975, the Government of India had planned to implement this Act in the State, but GG Swell MP refused to allow it.
Explaining about the number of petrol pumps in Ri Bhoi, the RBSU leader said that according to the RTI reply, there are 43 petrol pumps in Ri Bhoi, of which 25 have been destroyed. owned by Khasi, 18 owned by foreigners and 6 owned by foreigners without proper documents of ownership and other documents.
In this regard, the HNYF has expressed its deep sorrow over the garbage dump at the CHC. The complaint is true and it has also affected the people who come abroad to see patients or take medicine, when they find these waste products. too much.
The Krishi Vigyan Kendra (KVK) in collaboration with NABARD, on 23rd October, conducted a one day training on to revive the cultivation of millets in the state and to celebrate the International Year of Millets
“By this point, I’m pretty sure he’s already decided the war.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah K.Nongsteng, MCS, EAC, South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat said that the first day was celebrated on the 25th July, India has set aside this day to increase the registration of voters so that there will be a sustainable participation of the voters.
The Committee, which has considered the matter, has clarified to the public that Bah Praksah Sumer was born and raised in Umsyiem.
As an educated and mature young woman, she understands that by 'just waiting' for others, the house is not strong because in human nature there is never enough – enough – nothing.
The hospital was inaugurated by Dr. Mukul Sangma, former Chief Minister of Meghalaya in 2017 and has about 50 beds at a cost of Rs 15 crore.
Earlier, the national team was ranked 61st in October this year and now it has moved up to 10th position.
She said that the child died before the relatives reached Mairang, which prompted the relatives to take the mother to Holy Cross Hospital, Mairang to save her life.
Botany) Speeches were also delivered by Dr. SR Lyndem and Dr. JP Sharma.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Titoss said that the UDP Mylliem is pleased to see that the UDP Mylliem is alive and well and despite the defeat in the election, it has not won. pat in the service for the people.
As the new President, Ma Pala said that he will visit 60 blocks every day within two months and will start from Nongpoh from tomorrow.
In the group, St Edmunds School came second, Seven Set Higher Secondary School came second and Meghalaya Police Public School came third.
He said that at present there are 32 households of Manipur refugees in the village, while hundreds of people have been displaced.
About 50 percent of start-ups are located in tier 2 and tier 3 cities.
Police were informed by witnesses of the incident and police rushed to the scene to assist the victims.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Dorbar Pyllun of the Hima Mylliem, will be held tomorrow to discuss the complaints lodged by many ministers against the Syiem of Mylliem, Paiem Latho Manik Syiem.
Rona Khymdeit, MDC Nongpoh, UDP leaders from Nongstoin and Rambrai and his supporters from Rambrai were also present on the occasion. and from Mawlangsu to accompany their candidate to the office of the DC of Nongstoin.
Alfast Bareh, who works as a Chowkidar at the Mawkhar Presbyterian Church, has been arrested for allegedly stealing money from Mawkhar Presbyterian Church. 2013 to 2019, and immediately lodged a complaint against him at Lumdiengjri Police Station.
In a statement, SKRS President Bah K Pohshna said that since Mukul Sangma assumed office as Prime Minister, the price of all commodities has increased and even the ration of sugar has not been available. to be extracted now and this has created a problem for the people.
“This Government has now started working in the spirit of service,” he said, adding that the poor and needy have been the most important of this Government which has delivered services. to the pockets of their houses.
Through a penalty shootout, RAWA beat PFR and reached the semi final of the tournament.
He said that the outbreak of COVID-19 has hampered the work to promote development.
With great joy they shouted, but Fr Sngi alone was shocked because the altar and the stones had been damaged more and more compared to the first time he had gone up with his group as a young man in
Has the Government of Meghalaya done anything on this issue? “Ask yourself if you have received news from the Government of Meghalaya,” said Pastor Basaiawmoit, former MP candidate. Shillong Constituency.
However, Aston Villa under Unai Emery have played well in the Europa Conference League despite the difficulties in the 2022-23 season under Steven Gerrard.
The Seng Kur Wahlang urges the authorities to follow the Khasi customs and traditions and to have a consultation before taking any decisions or passing laws that affect and change them. customs and traditions that have been in the nation since ancient times.
He said the department has urged farmers to grow sugarcane commercially to support family needs.
Shillong: More than 300 men and women from all over India have come to Sohra and Mawsynram areas to organize a walk program organized by the Youth Hostel Association of India (YHAI) Meghalaya Branch.
The production center was inaugurated on 30th November by Bah A Malngiang, General Manager.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Brolding Nongsiej, who has won two terms as MLA, decided to support the re-election of Bah H Brolding Nongsiej. I am confident that in this election he will win easily.
As the years went by and the village grew, there was a difference of opinion within the village until two groups emerged.
Some appear in the forms of aiῆ scholars, government officials or rulers of the Roman Empire.
She said that there is a need to deploy women officers at the polling stations, but the district administration should also ensure their safety. She also urged the women to come forward to vote. to their votes.
“If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book:
According to the letter, the JSU said that the Amlarem Civil Sub-Division was established on 12th November 1976 and looks after the border areas with Bangladesh besides the largest foreign trade port in the country. Meghalaya is not in Tamabil.
Besides, even the employees of MCCL believe that it is a government job and not a company job.
The widespread arrest and unjustified imprisonment of fighters who stand and fight against injustice is a plot to instill fear in the minds and hearts of the people.
As can be seen, literacy has declined sharply in the state.
We from the family of (Late) Titos Manar who passed away on 01st November 2022, would like to express our gratitude to God the Creator who has supported us at this time. It is by His wonderful grace that we as a family have the strength to trust completely in His love and guidance. As a family, we express our gratitude. Ratacherra Presbyterian Church, Ratacherra Dorbar Shnong, Dong Lateng and other churches who have come to console and console us on the passing away of our beloved.
To think about the words that the author wrote has a lot of impact because he is a religious man and he doesn't want to go to life. Khasi but he just reminded our ancestors of their way of life at that time, we cannot fail to praise the Kharlieh who brought the light to learn to write and learn history. Those who before us thought like that, there is no innovator and if there are those who don't accept their fellow citizens but they are quick to accept or accept others, let's think again, why do I say that we are quick to call 'Khasi' If you have forgotten the rights of the Thawlang and Iawbei, they call themselves Hynniew Trep Hynniew Skum.
Speaking to reporters after the opening of the dorbar tlang, Dr Mukul said, “Why do you want to discuss this?”
He said that they have also talked to the state health department to set rules that only a few patients or patients can enter the hospital according to the need (Ratio). ) and on another issue, they said that they want the government to provide security forces for the patients in case of any incident, which the doctors may be blamed for.
Everything they do is designed to earn money for themselves.
Hundreds of students have completed various training courses such as cleaning, electrical installation, cleaning and others. tuition.
They are afraid that children and young people will become wise and ask questions before them.
However, Mukul said the reason why Assam has banned the people of Meghalaya from passing through this road is not known.
The villagers and farmers need the officers working in the Department of Agriculture to come and provide information and training to them how to benefit more from agriculture and especially from planting sohniamtra trees. lei lei you have a good price.
Is it because the UDP has demanded the resignation of James Sangma or because the Garo people consider it as a Khasi party? so much.
For Blackpink, she is delighted to take part in Coachella and says that this is one of the music festivals that has attracted the most attention from the past years and even today.
After 10 years of producing the film “Khat Saw Phra 14/8”, one of the talented filmmakers of the state, Bah Kenny Lyngdoh, is ready to bring back to the audience a film that will entertain the audience. and to keep the audience in a suspense thriller.
However, this statement turned upside down when the PDF came up with a decision on the day of election of Bah Gabriel Wahlang as Deputy Chairman to remove Kong Teilinia.
Then to make a joint venture with private companies and the third issue is to close the dam and give VRS to the employees and to clear all the debts.
The union also warns all the contractors and shopkeepers not to allow foreigners to develop in this land of Hynniewtrep. the organization will act according to the law.
“Until now, there has been a difference of opinion among the people whether to run this road from the existing one or from the new one.
He said that this day will be a memorable day for all the residents of this area, because from now on, the people will no longer need to go to Jowai or other Police Stations to make this day more convenient. He urged the Dorbar Shnong to help in providing adequate and larger space for the needs of this PS in the coming days.
The emphasis on self-love is the love of the nation. Unless it is in a large and vigorous field of agriculture, the country has no intention of standing in the fields to proclaim services.
Listen, my dear, it's not a job, Follow all the rules, This is how we can win the Corona virus, If we work together.
We the paid Khasi need an Executive Committee that works and not one that wrecks.
Speaking at the meeting, Reddy said that under the leadership of PM Modi, the growth in digital income has increased from day to day and this has led India to move forward. compared to some developed economies.
There was also a meeting of intellectuals in 1985, when the Expert Committee of the Sahitya Academy came back to Shillong to meet with KAS, in the presence of the Education Officer of the State Government, Dr. CL Anand, Pro VC of Nehu and several doctors of NEHU. In the discussions which discussed many aspects of the Khasi language and its status, Pro VC Anand However, the Expert Committee has pointed out the reasons why the Khasi language is still lacking in the field of creative literature and in the translation of the Khasi into English. other languages.
He said he first thought of contesting the election because of the pressure from his supporters.
Shillong, Nailur 10: The number of suicides has increased in these days and it is necessary to think for months to find a way to prevent this incident.
The statement also said that the manufacturer companies do not have the facilities to dispose of the drugs without spreading them in the hills and rivers as this will affect the environment as well as the environment. The health of people who walk up and down on their daily activities.
Other MLAs include LD Sangma as Chairman of the Meghalaya Economic Development Council, JD Sangma as Chairman of the Meghalaya Economic Development Council, Jim M. Sangma as Chairman of the Forest Development Corporation Ltd. IBK Sangma as Adviser to the State Government on Forest, Brenning A Sangma as Chairman of the State Government Program Implementation & Monitoring Committee, AB Marak as Chairman of the Meghalaya State Development Resource Commission, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh as Advisor to the State Government in the Department of Agriculture & Farmers Welfare, PR Marak as Chairman of the State Level Public Grievances Committee, Bah Sanbor Shullai as Chairman of the State Level Public Grievances Committee, Bah D. Lamare as Chairman. MB Kurbah as Co-Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board, Mayralborn Syiem as Chairman of the Meghalaya State Health Advisory Board, RG Momin as Chairman of the Meghalaya Mineral Development Corporation Ltd, Rupert Momin as Chairman of Meghalaya New & Renewable Energy Development Agency;
We will start this too in the right order, because we too are involved with the government, we will talk to the government and take care of this issue on what needs to be amended in the Reservation Policy.
At all times, the sale of land is easier for the land purchasers only if they have been approved by the Sordar or Rangbah Shnong and the Secretary Shnong. Province.
The 29-year-old, who has been playing well since the beginning of the tournament, won a gold medal in the Long Jump with a distance of 3.06m and two. She won silver medals in the 3,000m Power walk for women and also in the Shot-Putt event in a distance of 28.31m.
Schools should provide buses to transport students, and if they cannot provide buses, the government will help and repay the loan every year.
While we are waiting for the surprise of the soul, let us first remove the fear and doubt about the right injection.
He said that perhaps the members of the Opposition had watched the reply of the Prime Minister from the TVs installed inside the Opposition room.
If you don't have enough medicines, you don't have anything to do with your children.
He also urged the teachers of all four schools to vaccinate themselves and those from outside the village should not come and go, but should stay in the village.
He said that if we go to court to appeal against this policy, it can cause trouble. Therefore, we should all be careful lest it become a suicide. ,' he said.
“It is good news that the Government has agreed to discuss the Reservation Policy.
All the Catholic schools in the five districts of Garo Hills took part in the Peace Assemblies, which were held in their respective schools.
This is a violation of the right to democracy, a violation of the right to speak and express, by the NDA Government under the leadership of Narendra Modi,” said the party MLA, Bah Ronnie V. Lyngdoh. newspaper.
The Chief Secretary informed that in order to ensure fair representation from all groups, political parties may send two more candidates from among the persons named in the announcement.
The village authorities have informed the officer in charge of Lumshnong Police Station and they have been sent back from the village.
"When he reached the field, the king offered him only 10 pruh around to buy wood.
Shillong, July 12: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum, the only MLA of the North Shillong Constituency, on Friday resigned from the post of MLA of North Shillong Constituency. the Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
The purpose of this training program is to provide more information to the Para Legal Volunteers of the District on the rules of 'knowledge of the law, legislation and social benefit'
“We will continue to do so and I am pleased that the police department has done its duty to maintain peace and order,” said Bah Tynsong. I greet you also.
Although he did not name anyone, it includes Ahok Gehlot, who is contesting Vaibhav Gehlot, Nakul Nath, son of Kamal Nath from Madhya Pradesh and many others.
Speaking at a rally at Malki to protest against the government's plan to take land in Mawpdang, Bah Joe said, “We have met with the Syiem of Khyrim Hima but we were surprised to hear that. The answer is that you don't have the authority to be a king.
The bill, announced by Nepal's Home Minister Ram Bahadur Thapa, says that any Indian woman who marries a Nepalese man will have to stay. first with her husband, for a period of nine years and after that, she shall have the full rights of citizenship of that country.
On this occasion, the MP also sent a letter to the Law Ministry of the Government of India, the Law Commission of the Government of India and the Chairman of the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Legal Affairs. the purpose of amending these laws and on the same issue relating to corruption, so that these laws, will not be attacked and violated by the power of the courts, because they are laws that look at the customs and traditions of the old man.
and he said to pray that the Lord God will not forsake us and open the way for us.
The tree planting program was also conducted outside the BSF base in Shillong, which is located at the BSF bases on the border between India and Bangladesh.
In a government announcement on Monday, the DC said that the order will come into force after it was found that there are brokers who are standing and smuggling around the Umling Integrated Checkgate with the intention of It is bad to collect money for the trucks to run from paying taxes to the government and this has deprived the government of revenue.
A few days ago, there was a stir when the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) went to meet with many of the residents of the village, due to the power outage. There was also an allegation that it is a mistake by the MeECL department that it does not deliver the electricity bill to the people, no one comes to check the meter but the bill has been delivered suddenly after 10 years. There were also allegations that MeECL is still delivering electricity to the people even after it has been cut.
However, it was only since 1957 that this family has forcibly owned the entire area from generation to generation, said the village headmen.
Does the author of this psalm encourage us to fulfill our thoughts? that our country has a different thought of God, by sitting in our homes, when we thank the Long-Blei every morning.
When asked whether he will request the Government to hand over the proposed railway project from Shillong and Byrnihat to Baghmara, Rakkam said, “If so, I will request the Railway Department to the Government of India, the Government of Meghalaya to connect Baghmara with the Guwahati railway.
The West Jaintia Hills District Police today started celebrating the International Day against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking in West Jaintia Hills District. a foreign language.
There are also people who are afraid of Aadhaar, because they say it is
villages affected by Fani According to a report received from the State Disaster Management Authority (SDMA), 21 villages have been affected by Fani, 14 people have been affected by the floods. victims and another injured.
Many of these foods have to be shukynton and because the expiry date is only 6 months, many of these foods are expired because the children do not accept these foods due to the lack of taste and lack of taste.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) today released a letter received from the Superintendent of Police, Bah M Kharkrang, demanding that the state government should arrest U.S. Superintendent of Police (HNLC). Kharkrang, as well as the arrest of two members of the Arts of Living, from Dawki in the past few days.
The tournament will continue on Tuesday when Mawphlang SC will face Kharang SC at 3:15 pm, Mawreng SC will face Laitumkhrah SC at 4:45 pm.
The Chief Security Advisor to the Manipur Government, Kuldiep Singh, said that in order to recover the missing weapons and ammunition, there has been an ongoing operation across the country. state by state police as well as central government agencies.
It is also necessary for the leaders such as MLAs/MDCs to look after and support the need to provide adequate workplace for the Rangbah Shnongs.
Bisnu Ram Medhi received his M.Sc.
Bah Khyriem said the union had to take action after a clash between the students of the two departments at NEHU. At the same time, the NEHUSU leaders have assured the students from all other states not to be afraid because the the trouble has been resolved.
Shillong, Lber 29: Umiam Eagles beat Simsang Sharks by seven wickets in the two-day match of the Semior Men Challengers Cup sponsored by the Meghalaya Cricket Association on Tuesday.
It is for these reasons that we see that politics has declined so much.
Then if the house be in danger, or if it be paitling in a storm near them, let them help as soon as they can to save the people, and to restore the goods thereof to them. owner.
At the same time, she said that the HSPDP's opposition to uranium mining has been won immediately.
Meanwhile, Bah Rymbui said that the Chairman of the MDA, Conrad Sangma, who is also the Prime Minister, will soon convene a meeting of the MDA. Amlarem said he did not want anything to be discussed at the MDA meeting. At the same time, he said that regarding the election of the new President of India, Bah Rymbui said The BJP's decision to nominate Droupadi Murmu is a good decision, as GG Swell and PA Sangma, who are indigenous people, have already emerged from Meghalaya as the Presidential candidate. , even if they don’t succeed.
Therefore, we demand a public explanation from the source of this news, as this affects the honor of our village.
Hima said Lapang is a leader in the party and under his leadership, the Congress has grown well in this election in Meghalaya.
Shillong: Clashes between the people and the police continue today.
It may be recalled that Modi said that the people in power do not know the plight of the poor but he admitted that he knows the plight of the rich.
“The employment in the Meghalaya government is saturated.
He said that the education department has also been directed to direct the schools to use school buses to transport and drop off students from all over Shillong. He said that the Urban Development Department has already been directed to inform the four buses which are not running on the road to be given to schools.
Gradually, changes came over time.
Speaking to reporters, Titos said that his goal once again to contest the MDc election 2014 is because he wants the party to get more paid and hold the seat. He said that as of now, the Congress government does not look into the problems of the state residents who are facing from time to time regarding the illegal entry of foreign authorities into the state and the land grabbing. sands in the army or to take action on the boundary settlement in the state which actually affected the indigenous people.
“I grew up and was born in Mawlai Nongkwar since 1978, I have been in charge of the village, I have carried out the work in the village,” said Bah Ban.
The International Day of Yoga was first proposed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his speech at the United Nations General Assembly in November who now this celebration is in its 9th year.
“I have expressed the difficulties faced by the State in conducting CUET as the NTA has recognized only two Centers – one in Shillong and one in Ri-Bhoi District.
On 31.8.2019, the NRC, Assam, released the final list of more than 19 lakh people whose names are not on the final list but they were given 120 days to challenge it before the Foreigners' Tribunal. .
In the past, there were recipes that used a variety of musla or jingber which was good for the blood pressure and also for general health.
He also expressed his special thanks to Fr.Paul Coelho who has been a true pioneer in encouraging students to come and be taught in various fields of study.
FKJGP leaders said that Bah M.Marbaniang, Dy.Director of the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) has informed that the relevant authorities have already appointed a team of inquiry headed by M.Marbaniang. The MBOSE has also lodged two complaints against Jaintia Hills District and another Sardar. The investigation has started since yesterday. Police Station, East Khasi Hills District.
The new rates are effective from 1 November 2021.
The BJP has announced Shibun Lyngdoh as its candidate.
There is also a lot of football enthusiasm among the people who live in these areas.
Traffic jam from View Point Mawlai Mawïongrim from Shillong to Lad Umroi from Ri Bhoi District may continue as the company that repairs the Umïam Bridge has already cleared the road for the construction of a new road. Now.
Speaking to media after meeting with the Chief Secretary on Friday, Robertjune said the party has already discussed with the Chief Secretary on three issues, namely the roster system. , vacancies which have not yet been filled and also on the Combined Reservation between the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo.
This road has become one of the roads that provides services to many people who need to go to various schools and especially to the patients when they go for treatment at the CHC Hospital which is a health center for The residents of many villages in the Mawsynram Block area who should receive good services through this CHC Hospital.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah FM Dopth said that the Sukra festival is a reminder that it is a beautiful festival in which all the youth, elderly and Longkmie as well as government employees have taken part.
The village is run by members of the Village Defense Party.
He declined to comment on the decision of the MDCs to support the Executive Committee of Bah HS Shylla because in the District Council, these things can change in one day.
The two runners arrived at the MSOA office this evening where they met with Finely L. Pariat, Organizing Secretary and John F. Kharshiing Co-Chairman of the 2nd Sohra International Half Marathon .
The petition was signed by 561 people including the Secretary and Chairman of Ummulong Village.
Purno was also welcomed by his fans when he left the polling station.
The presence of amino acids is more important in the formation of protein.
The issue of Reservation Policy has become a hot topic in the state these days after the VPP raised the issue with the people, due to the lack of discussion on the issue in the Legislative Assembly. ha kine month baladep.
“We expect about 50,000 youths to join this industry every year, which means we need to create about 50,000 new jobs every year.
“Why do they criticize me, it is MACS that has published the article,” said Bah Shylla.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Masan War, Secretary Shnong Ïalong and welcome speeches were delivered by Kong Shimti Pale. Long.
Therefore, the residents of these 10 villages urged the government to listen and take action on the problems faced by the people especially in relation to the Mawthadraishan C&RD Block.
On this issue, I have a suspicion that HS Shylla is intimidating the Muslims that there are still those who are stronger and more successful than them, and those are the SRTs. I apologize to the SRTs because they are truly lovers and supporters of the nation.
Earlier, the village leaders of Myrkhan said that the first to be happy if the road is completed are the school children who used to use the footpath to go to school like Mawklot and surrounding areas.
Laitkor will face Lumparing and Mawlai in the semi final of the PFR. The semi final will be held on the 24th of this month at the SSA Stadium on the First Ground.
The visitors to Don Bosco Technical School to see the exhibition of various tools and equipment were impressed by these vehicles which were built by the teachers and students. The Jeep was built by a young man who has completed his training at Don Bosco Technical School, Shillong.
Wansuk said she did not have to comment on the matter as the matter was in the hands of the AICC and it would take the necessary action in due course.
The traditional medical hospital was built and renovated at a cost of Rs 7 crore at Lum Sohpetbneng, Ri Bhoi District.
On the other hand, the Congress candidate, Bah Vincent Pala, said that he has not yet been able to count on the basis of whether he is weak or strong, but he hopes to win again this time.
The PDF leaders and Bah Roswell Shadap, the PDF candidate from Mawhati Constituency, who has announced publicly that he does not have the money to contest the election, has decided to It is also the encouragement of the people who have donated money according to their ability, that they want to bring about change and no longer rely on the power of money only during the election. .
Although it is suspected that the girl committed suicide, the Kurs alleged that it was not so.
To confirm whether the meeting with the CEM was invited by the CEM or whether they went by themselves, Rupang spoke to Bah O.
The group also said that the state should respect what the Supreme Court has decided from the beginning that the decision of the Supreme Court should be taken. it shall be of free will but not of mere compulsion.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar on Friday said the government will hold talks with the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) regarding the proposal to evacuate them from the Metor area on the 7th of this month. November 2023.
In an order issued on Friday, the Commissioner of Food Safety, Kong RM Kurbah, IAS, said that out of the 40 fish samples sent for inspection, 30 samples were found to be The report was submitted by the Assistant Food Analyst of the Government of Meghalaya on July 6,
The Minister of State in charge of Social Welfare, Bah Kyrmen Shylla was the chief guest.
Don't hear what I'm saying, This is not yourself; I want the country to rise, And other countries to be together.
The Seng strongly condemns the rape of a father to the lives of two brothers which happened recently in Nongrah, Shillong.
It may be recalled that in the past few months, Home Minister UR Lalzirliana has resigned and will contest on the Mizo National Front (MNF) ticket.
The director said that the purpose of building this center is part of the development of music, dance and other activities.
When asked what the HYC has to say about the government's failure to call for talks even after seven days of hunger strike, the HYC leader said, the government's failure to call for talks, the answer is known to all. if the government tries to regulate the matter, there will be another nation to oppose.
You Block Dance
Ronnie said that according to estimates, the loss of the state from the illegal smuggling of coal is about T.650 crore.
Although the Chief Minister has not yet named the new block, it is understood that it will be in Mawpat as Mawpat has already provided the land since the time of the incident. in Mawlai C&RD Block.
However, he said that the District Council can join hands with other District Councils of the North East to go to Delhi with the same voice to meet with the government officials that the Council needs to get allocation. of the 14th Finance Commission.
The Archbishop of Shillong, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh was the Chief Guest for the morning service and the Holy Sacrament in the afternoon. these words of encouragement from the Holy Scriptures.
What do you think of the other employees who work with him?" asked the mother.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 10: The Confederation of Ri-Bhoi People (CoRP) today expressed its deep concern over the establishment of the Meghalaya Industrial Development Corporation Ltd.
“I hope that in the next five years all households will have drinking water, roads, electricity and the government will prepare the road to achieve all these,” he said.
“The ERTS will call a tender for this and the tender should be at the national level,” he said.
These children are between the ages of 18 to 25 years.
Tens of thousands of believers from all over the Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills have flocked to this Synod Service to experience salvation by being taught the Word of God through the speakers. various public meetings.
These people should be punished according to the rules of law," he said.
Shillong, July 13: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Abu Taher Mondal, has said that all the leaders of the Legislative Assembly, whether from the ruling party or the opposition shall speak and act in accordance with the rules of the House and shall refrain from personal criticism.
After the TATA Group has received the right to express itself in many areas and its assistance and support in the men's Indian Premier League (IPL), as well as now The company has also won the rights to the first women's Premier League (WPL).
For example, Shillong is jammed from morning till night from the top of the city almost all day long for the same reason.
However, they can only walk during the rainy season and during the dry season they cannot walk because of the high hills and cannot climb.
Jesus Christ in His work to build the Kingdom of God or Heaven here on earth, fought a fierce battle against thieves and false Christians.
A sense of pride little by little crept into his heart.
These items were handed over to the Superintendent of the Children's Home, Wahiajer, Grace Myrmen and the staff of the children's home.
In the U-14 boys category, Mynken HSS beat Evershine UPS 1-2 and Khlieh Umstem SS beat Khrumdiengiei HSS 9-0
Because our minds have been poisoned and polluted by the sale of the land that the Creator has given us to rich companies who steal and auction it for their own profit.
In another development, the Meteorological Department said that a cyclone in the Bay of Bengal, with winds of 26 kilometers per hour, occurred in at 8.30 this morning.
He said that by increasing the price of petrol, the revenue of the State Government will increase by about T.5 crore or T.6 crore from the total.
Therefore, the time is necessary to be able to communicate well with the young children, especially those who have started to reach the age of 18 years and above, because at such an age, the society is lynguh hi pum. , because the blood of the young people is still fresh, and they are also involved in all kinds of alcoholic beverages, which shocks more and more of their young minds, in the end, by jingshongshot and kynshoit by anyone, reach back to all kinds of crimes that the society, the community cannot help but hear, the whole family reaches back to the loss of reputation. glory, because it happened that the children of heaven were not counted.
Before the distribution of these donations, a short meeting was held by Rev B. Shangdiar in the presence of WT Talang, Vice Chairman NEIMA, Phrang Sngi Challam, Shape Pasweth, Wombai Sumer and other members of the NEIMA. Scarf I Man.
He said that through this programme, it will also benefit the women not only to know the opportunities in the field of employment and through this program they will also benefit. The Commission is responsible for the welfare of the women in the state and the country.
How can I fight this? One way is not to allow deforestation and to stand against the palm oil mission.
The full and last Dolloi of Labang Nongphyllut Elaka is Ma Honriwell Pyrphet who was appointed in the 1960s and passed away more than 40 years ago.
The Central Government will allocate funds for Meghalaya to all districts and this will benefit Meghalaya in terms of development works.
Nongpoh, July 12: Following the release of a report on the excessive production of pollution in Byrnihat area which could affect the health of the residents of the area through the presence of various factories, the Leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) on Tuesday sent a petition to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District demanding that the Meghalaya State Pollution Board should not take action on this issue.
Two people were arrested in connection with the incident, according to the report.
It is to be recalled that the state government has already announced publicly through the media that they will soon discuss the pending border issue between Assam and Meghalaya. They also expressed their dissatisfaction with the border demarcation and signed a MOU that many parts of Meghalaya have gone to Assam.
Ma Kyrmen, in his speech, said that he will talk to the state government to assist the society to provide employment to the people living in Sonapyrdi.
Aizawl's first 11 players are Gurpreet Singh, Govin Singh, Kareem Omoloja Nurain, Bektur Talgat Ulu, Lalrinfela, Hmingthan Mawia, Vanlalduatsanga, Alfred Jaryan, Albert Zohmingmawia, Ansumana Lawima Kropumah.
The slave works for three or four years under his leader and his leader chooses to send him to a skilled job, that is, from the slave to the Mystery.
In Shillong and surrounding areas, heavy rainfall is expected in the next 24 hours.
Margaret will compete in the open challenge arm wrestling category.
In North Garo Hills, there is one high risk case and in West Jaintia Hills, there is one high risk case.
Shillong, June 13: U Jumai, Shillong, has struck at 7.25 pm this evening, which has displaced the people who were in their homes.
The state government should immediately set up a committee and arrest those involved, including the Meira Paibis, who have been involved in this crime, and punish those involved according to the rules of law. to the Naga brother, according to the customary law of the Nagas.
With a defeat, this time, Poland had to go home.
On his part, as the supervisor, he also gave an explanation to the children on fortified rice or vitamin rice.
On this occasion of the 34th Anniversary of the HNLC, I would like to extend my special congratulations to the relatives of the deceased and surviving members, I would also like to congratulate the donors, the people and the Sengbhalang.
The SP (City) of East Khasi Hills, Bah Vivek Syiem, said that the SP (City) of East Khasi Hills, Bah Vivek Syiem, today marked the World Anti-Drug Day. Khasi National Durbar Halls.
He said that there is a Vending Committee and the security of the places for the vendors has been arranged and all that remains is to provide shops and this will be completed in July.
In addition to 200 English-speaking jobs in Slovakia, a country near Poland in Europe, they came from the North East.
This will also help a novice employee to train themselves.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The attendance of workers in the state has resumed as it was yesterday.
Dr Mukul said Lapang has assured him that the Congress party will win the 2018 elections from Nongpoh and that is why he wants to retire.
The Mynso Branch of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jowai Circle has reopened its doors on Thursday after the bank management promised to open its doors. to provide all the necessary facilities to provide services to the public.
Speeches were also delivered by NPP MP Candidate Ampareen Lyngdoh and Minister of State, Wailadmiki Shylla, Gavin Mylliem and Grace Mary Kharpuri. NPP leaders, NPP Pynursla leaders and supporters from Pynursla.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, said that the government has agreed to implement the 5th Pay Commission for school teachers. deficit in the state will be reduced from 1st July
In the 11th minute of the first half, Umsawkhwan through Bah Prelingstar Kyrsian scored the first goal for Umsawkhwan. .
“We have told the Planning Commission that Meghalaya needs to grow faster and the target has been set to reach 11 per cent.
A young voter said that the delay in the polling could have been avoided if there had been two EVMs with trained operators for the polling station and the polling station. He added that such incidents undermine the intention of the Election Commission of India to ensure that no voter is left behind.
When it comes to education, we need higher education institutions to provide training in various fields of education so that our youngsters don't have to go abroad to study.
However, the Seng expresses its regret and regret over the government's neglect and abandonment of the hospital in the area, from the road to the hospital, water, parking space, light and damage to the hospital. this is the bag of treatment.
Police have set up three check posts and so far 8 cases have been registered under Non-available Warrants and Sector Officers and Zonal Officers have been directed to inspect the Polling Stations.
Then he turned his face toward Israel.
Deibormi Rangad scored 86 runs from 40 balls while HUCC bowler N Pakyntein took three wickets in four overs.
These examinations are for the subjects of Mathematics, Physical Education and Statistics.
In the third division, Mawdngong Sports Club beat Mawshiton Sports Club 2-0
The completion of this road in October 2017 will also be at Lad Mawreng.
A glass of water at any time, especially after eating, helps to burn fat quickly and prevents obesity.
He said that this is wrong because he did not provide the necessary documents when he was smuggling these tyndong lyer and also the Indian Oil Co-operative has not provided the necessary documents. without any information on this.
He was also presented with a book on the good performance of the Modi government in the last nine years.
The party leaders who attended the meeting left the meeting immediately while it was going on at the Secretariat.
Shillong: The BJP Meghalaya has announced its candidates for the upcoming elections from all 60 constituencies in Meghalaya.
The right to have the opportunity to speak to the authorities.
“Why should we deny the truth, Shillong has become dirty,” said Bah Ronie. “We are ashamed and proud of this and the people should feel the same”.
He said that the students who have a strong foundation are the students who pass better in various examinations whether in secondary schools or higher secondary schools.
Regarding the joining of Bah Denis Mukhim, he was welcomed by Ma Vincent H. Pala, in the presence of many Congress leaders. I hope that the Congress candidate from Mawhati Constituency will reach the goal of victory in the 2023 Election from Mawhati Constituency.
The Tyrsad Area Sports Association (TASA) on 26th July 2023, opened the curtain of the football season including the First, Second and Third Division tournaments which was held at Sohjhursaw Stadium, Tyrsad.
Another 17-year-old boy has been missing from his home in Mawjrong for three days and the search for him is ongoing.
Speaking to media, the General Secretary of the HYC, Bah Roykupar Synrem, said that in June, the state government has appointed about 21 MLAs, ex-MLAs and employees of various parties as Chairman. , Co-Chairman and others.
The raid was conducted at his residence in Bamunpukhari, Dimapur; However, the NSCN (IM) leader managed to escape before the army reached his house.
“There is no need to file a no confidence motion because it has been withdrawn after consideration,” said Dr Jemino.
These shelters can accommodate up to 10,000 people.
Sylverster Nongtnger IPS has been replaced by Dr Raghavendra Kumar MG and Nongtynger has been transferred as SP of Fire and Emergency Services.
Dr Aman said that instead of explaining and making the people aware, this statement of his has mislead the people.
At the same time, Shah said that Manipur will now fall under the provisions of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) Act and this will be a very important issue for the state.
About 100 years ago, the State was established and the Church Schools were the only ones providing education in the country.
Nongpoh, Naitung 28: Shillong Police have seized 39 petrol bombs from a forest in Mawtawar, Thabalieh area, Nongpoh Police Station has seized 39 petrol bombs. petrol bombs were seized from a Lawbniap near the NH-6 in Umryngksai village before reaching Pahamrioh, Ri Bhoi District.
In the morning the price rises sharply and in the evening it falls sharply.
He said that the proposal of the Government of India to amend the Sixth Schedule should be discussed.
Real Kashmir, the home team, took just five minutes in the first half to score the first goal through Ghanaian midfielder Kamal. Isah.
In another match between the Shillong Cricket Association and the West Khasi Hills Cricket Association, the match was canceled due to weather conditions.
Another result of the 40 days protest was that it was the first time that the protest was peaceful and there was not a single stone throwing or ethnic insult.
“Loving yourself and your language doesn't mean you have to hate others.
Application forms can be obtained from the office of Sub Divisional Officer (Supply), Pynursla during office hours and the closing date for submission of application forms is 28th March .
The Word of God clearly says, “And they overcame him (Satan) by the blood of the Lamb, and by the word of their testimony;
The nine candidates announced by the party in the second list are Shri. Councilor S Wahlang of Mairang, LG Nongsiej of Nongstoin, Morningstar Mawsor of Mawshynrut, KP Pangniang of Rambrai-Jyrngam, Constantine Langstang of Raliang.
KSU General Secretary Donald Thabah, accompanied by members of the KSU, who arrived at the scene, found that foreigners living in Maxwelton Estate, Kenches Trace, Oxford Hill. and Rilbong who discharge the waste into the river which flows into Umshyrpi.
The Court's decision came after it accepted a PIL by the Chiefs of Village Authorities on the border against the soskular signed by the two Governments regarding the boundary settlement.
The family members of the deceased said that he had been undergoing treatment for shyieng budlum for two months and was lying in bed with a serious illness.
“These actions of you have made us have no choice but to expel you from the party immediately,” he said.
On this occasion, the DC distributed Electoral Photo Identity Cards (EPIC) to 24 new voters of Mukhla.
He said that the rules of the MLA Scheme clearly state that all MLAs have to submit their report to the Deputy Commissioner of the District and the DC will send it to the Block Development Officers (BDOs). implement schemes.
The Government of India today announced that those over the age of 18 years can get vaccinated against the corona virus from 1st June
TMC Chief Mamata Banerjee and General Secretary of the party in the country Abhishek Banerjee will address the rally, a party source said.
According to the Syiem, after she wanted to take over, Ratna came to the office of the Dorbar on 6th June 2013 and gave her name to the Peon to promote the name of the Dorbar. When asked about the identity card of both of them, she said that she is at home and that she will come soon. She has been living in Baridua for a long time since the beginning of the CRPF Camp, so on these grounds, the Syiem's ​​office has given her the dulir.
Every nation that lives on this earth lives and grows because its language survives and flourishes and passes from one generation to another. Those who use their language properly, not only survive but become a great country.
To date, we have established about 3500 Producer Groups comprising farmers from about 46000 households.
Sport Secretary – Heiboy Myrphet.
However, if we give the jait to the father after the death of the father, the name and jait of the shop will remain the same and the shop will grow from time to time.
The PFR Academy on Thursday honored Lamangkynsai Kharbuli at the Shillong Press Club.
Edious Laloo scored the first goal for Ladthadlaboh in the 92nd minute.
With the nomination of these three candidates, the Congress is the only party to contest all the 60 candidates in the 2018 MLA elections.
Other office bearers elected today are Vice President Kris Kharsati, Alando Suin, General Secretary Teinwel Dkhar, CEM of KHADC. The meeting decided to strengthen the party in all 11 constituencies in East Khasi Hills and especially in those areas where there are no MLAs to find a candidate to prepare for the 2023 elections.
Sri Lanka has a population of 22 million.
It is believed that these rockets were fired by Hezbollah militants.
Shillong: The Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India has informed the states neighboring Assam to think carefully before issuing the Draft National Register of Citizens (NRC).
“Others really like the word, I don't like the word, I like the deed,” he said.
The union seized the oil after receiving a complaint from a resident of the area who went to buy umphniang and found that it was no longer available.
At the same time, he said that the NPP candidate Ampareen Lyngdoh is the best among all the candidates.
Because these are the brains of the village.
Sylvester scored 42 runs from 42 balls and Rijied scored 17 runs from 19 balls for Riatsamthiah, while Sunrise's Suraj scored 2 wickets for 19 balls. 4 overs and Aryan scored 1 wicket for 13 runs in 4 overs.
The office management also explained that the power outage also occurs when some tree branches fall and collide with the fuses of the house and cut off.
The Dorbar Shnong has also prohibited the visitors from throwing garbage or causing trouble within the boundary of the Dorbar Shnong. Cham Cham Village.
Therefore, if we suffer, you think that other nations do not suffer and do not suffer if their flesh and blood is also beaten and tortured by others.
Speaking to reporters, Congress leader Anand Sharma said that as a party, he does not want to hide the truth in the elections to undermine the relationship between the ethnic parties and the BJP. There is no reason to approve,” said Anand.
This was announced by the Convener of the Dorbar, T.Dkhar.
When you listen to their lectures through those jali jaum words, you immediately fall asleep, even if you pour water into a bowl, it doesn't fall anymore.
“The death of the fish is highly suspected to be due to the turning of the water due to the spill of waste from the uranium mines, which has not been covered till today,” said Bah Marcony.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 17: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (MYC) Mawshynrut Circle led by its President Samla Losbingwel Lyngkhoi, has met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, Bah Garod regarding the problems of the area. various offices within the area.
It is learned that Salman's mother suggested that Salman should give Iulia a sati.
The good seed are the children of the kingdom of God.
Many government ministers and ruling MLAs including those from the opposition were absent during the swearing-in ceremony.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 04 : U Bah Kyrmen Shylla, the candidate of the United Democratic Party (UDP) for the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Election 2023 from the 6th Khliehriat Constituency, today came to file his nomination papers with the Returning Officer. He is also an MLA who won from the UDP party in 2018 and has also served as a Minister in the MDA government. Kyrmen Shylla, resident of Byndihati, East Jaintia Hills District, has been involved in politics since 2018 as a candidate from the UDP party. The candidate from the 6-Khliehriat Constituency, said that he still hopes that with the love of the people of the constituency, he will win again. Many schemes in the constituency and the scheme that brings them together is the artificial turf ground which will also promote the youth in sports, as well as the road schemes, which is still pending and which he is still happy about. The road from Lumshyrmit to Shkentalang is a very important road as it can boost tourism in the area and create jobs.
The State itself is the one that can solve the problems, and it is the only one, the future of the Khasi Jaintia people as a nation along with other land issues,” said Bah Pangniang.
“I will see after the departments have been allocated to other EMs,” said Bah Syiem.
“We have been waiting for a long time and I believe everyone is noticing and the whole country is watching us and waiting patiently.
Out of the 1,476 cases, 942 cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills including 48 cases from the Armed Forces and 894 cases from civilians. There are 3 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 96 cases in West Jaintia Hills District, 12 cases in West Jaintia Hills District, 213 cases in West Garo Hills District and 154 cases including 39 armed persons. forces and 115 civilians, 13 cases in South West Garo Hills, 2 cases in South Garo Hills, 10 cases in East Garo Hills and 23 cases in North Garo Hills.
On the other hand, Bakyrshan said that since early morning every day he has been coming to Nan Polok to sell his own soybeans, grape, water melon, apple and other soybeans.
For the faithful from Byrnihat, they are requested to gather at Jorabat and to go to the Parish.
Also read the 2018 books “Who Is the Father?” 2015.
He also expressed his priorities to look after the needs of the students of the adequate educational institutions in the area, as well as the unemployment. “I don't promise to provide jobs to anyone or to bring those schools in this area but it is my duty to raise these issues in the Legislative Assembly,” he said.
Together, they added 102 runs before the fall of the fourth wicket, which gave the team a boost.
Therefore, in order to have a stieh to protect the jaidbynriew, the Central Government should grant the ILP as soon as possible or the State Government should follow up on this issue so that the Central Government will not forget.
Mohun Bagan's Dipanda Dicka scored in the 4th minute but Lajong through Phrangki Buam equalized in the 45th minute.
“Regarding the demand for the appointment of a Prime Minister from Khasi-Jaintia, Bah Tynsong said, “The people have already made their decision in Khasi-Jaintia and I urge them not to bring the ethnic differences on the issue of electing a Prime Minister.
He said that in the past few months, East Jaintia Hills District has been severely affected by the natural disasters, until the roads, bridges have collapsed and collapsed. However, no signs have been seen that the NHAI will repair the road and the CPWD has also delayed the construction of the bridges in the border areas.
Gong flower or white flowers and other plants that can be obtained from nature.
Guwahati, Jymmang 25: The All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) today accused the government of failing to implement the issues related to the torture of KMSS employee Pranab Boro.
While the state government is trying to work on these issues such as education reform, PRIME Programs for entrepreneurs, education systems, etc., all these it's not the work that's slow.
Speaking after the rally in Nongkrem, the Vice President of the VPP Youth Wing, said that the VPP may be poor in world wealth, but it is not poor in wealth. spirit.
Nongpoh: A fire broke out in Mawsmai 11mer Ri Bhoi District this morning where a skum of rice worth Rs 2 lakh has burnt down. for thou art strong.
Nongpoh, July 03 : The Ri-Bhoi Motor Sports Club (RBMSC) has taken the first step to hold a competition with the aim of developing the skills of the youth who like to ride motorcycles on the rough roads. The 1st RBMSC Motorcross Challenge 2023 will be held on the 20th and 21st of this month at Kurkalang Stadium.
As the Union Minister of State for Child Development, Chauhan also appealed to all the government departments in the district and the state as a whole to work hard and make proper use of the development projects brought by the Union Government. so that this village and the region in the state can continue to develop in all aspects of human development, he added.
Ricky Sohlang, Chairman JAC, said that the village headmen have met today at Umdohlun village to discuss the delay of Bah Pynshngaiñ N.Syiem, Chief Executive. Member (CEM) of KHADC did not respond to this group even after meeting with him recently.
Those who rise in education and morality are honored and respected like the sun and the moon.
In poorer countries the number of people with disabilities is increasing dramatically due to lack of access to adequate health care, adequate food and drink and parental negligence in the time when the children were born.
When the HNYF leader was buried, many people expressed their sorrow and condolences to the HNYF leader, as he is a true leader and loved by all. people, from the least to the greatest.
On this occasion, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the government has already issued an order which is still in force; The SOPs state that public meetings, political party meetings and religious activities are not allowed and those who violate this should be punished according to the rules.
Shillong, Naitung 26: U Shri Buddha Chandra Sona today lodged a complaint with the Sadar Police Station that a man named Raju Das has approached him and four others to offer him a job. He also submitted a letter of appointment and requested T.3,16,000 thousand tyngka.
“At present, the village is safe despite the curfew, but to ensure the situation we have conducted a survey from house to house and we have also conducted tests in several villages in “There are only 7 positive cases so far and these 7 cases are only in two villages, but in other villages, there is nothing,” said Bah Nongsiej.
“There are 13 high risk contacts in Ladthadlaboh, eight in Moosalangkat, two in Lumpariat, three in Caroline Colony and five in Mission Compound,” said DC Jowai.
Police have registered a case on the incident and the investigation is ongoing to identify the perpetrators and arrest them.
In this regard, Syllad went to meet with the wife of Tiklu Jyrwa, Wallambok Lyngdoh, General Secretary of the Meghalaya Sport Climbing and Mountaineering Association (MeSCMA). Indalin Lyngdoh Marshilong, who welcomed the safe return of Bah Tiklu.
The mistake may also be due to their reluctance to have their own State Reservation Policy.
Markini Lathong scored 56 runs off 59 balls and Ishan Siangshai scored 37 runs off 41 balls.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Agnes said, “If the police don't want to arrest him, they should take away his uniform, because he has no intention of upholding the law”.
It is learned that the person who has contracted the disease is very clever to travel around.
The four organizations also demanded that the central and state governments should suspend their plan to build the Lanka-Sutnga Railway until they have received their demands. “We will strongly protest against the government if it violates the will of the people,” said the statement.
This market starts at 9 am.
Riki O Laloo (9 years) Lumbhalang bad Youngest Participant (Female) Terisa Tarida Riahtam (8 years) (Madanrting).
The Khasi at that time stood together to demand their own state, which led the Government of India to grant an Autonomous State in 1970 but the nation in those years did not succeed. and because of the unity of the people, it led the Government of India to immediately hand over the entire state on 21st July,
In addition, journalists must have an Identity Card issued by a newspaper, TV channel or digital channel or an Accreditation Card issued by DIPR. MEPA has decided to write to the DIPR on this issue so that the people will not be misled by people who pretend to be collectors. news or news reporter.
Chairman of the Church Tymmenbasan RS Dhar said that they have received the company's explanation on this matter.
The opening ceremony was held at the office of the Fishery Officer, Eastern West Khasi Hills District Mairang at Iew Langstieh, in the presence of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh, Ministers of the Hima, Village Leaders, Superintendent of Fisheries, Bah ER Laloo, Fishery Officer, Kong JL Nonglait, fishermen of the area and others.
They used to fight against the right of the Khasi people not to marry foreigners because by marrying foreigners it would be like a cancer to the customs and traditions of the Khasi people.
KaKHNAM will raise the flag to all the people around Shillong from pedestrians, vehicles and others.
Regarding the allegation that the Dolloi has appointed the Acting Waheh Shnong, Jarain, we would like to clarify as follows: The Dolloi has directed the General Secretary, Jarain Village through a letter NO.DEA/2 -21/15 Dated 3 July 2020, to elect 25 Rangbah Shnong of Jarain Village to elect the Acting Waheh Shnong of Jarain Village according to the directive of the Administrative Officer, JHADC. The Acting Waheh Shnong shall not be elected without the presence of the Dolloi or the people of the Elaka directed by the Dolloi.
Shillong, November 01: The Meghalaya College Teachers Association (MCTA) has lodged a complaint with the Commissioner and Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Education Department regarding the actions of some officers of the Directorate of Higher and Technical Education. the Principals of Colleges in the State.
This work is still going on in the lecture today.
He also explained about the collaboration with the Shillong Municipal Board to relocate the land vendors in Khyndai Lad area to unrecognized areas, and this will take about two months.
According to reports, several women have come forward to protest against the violence of this man, not to mention their own wife and have gone to demand the court. in Bishnupur to seek justice for the murder of the 25-year-old woman.
In the second leg of the tournament, Madankynsaw Mookyndeng beat Mookaswan Dongwah 2-1
Luis Herrera, who witnessed the incident, said that she was also stabbed and sustained injuries to her hand. Those who were standing in the area were warned to flee the area.
In Jowai South Constituency, there are two former MDCs, Dunno Nongpluh who has won once and Moonlight Pariat who has never been defeated for three terms. and also as the sole member of the opposition.
It is worth mentioning that even when the border officials from Meghalaya and Assam, visited the border areas from Khanapara to Maiong, many of the residents of these border villages Mawiong, Barapathar, Iongkhuli, Maikhuli, Patharkushi and Pahamkynshoh, have expressed their desire that their land should fall under Meghalaya, except for a few who want. I don't want to go to Assam.
Lucknow: Hyderabad MP Asaduddin Owaisi, leader of the All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (AIMIM), today alleged that a vehicle in which he was riding with others was stolen. They were shot dead near the tax collection point at Chhajarsi, Pilkhua, on the road from Delhi to Meerut.
Speaking to reporters, Pynkmenlang Sanmiet, Chairman of the JAC, said that the NEHU students want to send a clear message to the government that if they give them until the 30th to appoint him, they will appoint him. Otherwise, the students of NEHU will continue their protests until their demand is met.
“We are preparing to pass a law on this, and after its implementation, the two wheelers will run according to the location and the price from the passengers,” said Bah Sniawbhalang.
On the night of 5th March 2020, about 150 trucks entered Assam from Meghalaya, but the Assam police arrested only two of them. On the 6th of March, 650 trucks entered Assam.
The rules of Jewish society, religion, and culture did not allow men to approach, talk to, or work with women in public places.
At the same time, he encouraged the U-16 team of the state to play in the final of the plate group of Vijay Merchant against Manipur tomorrow.
The decision was taken in compliance with the order of the High Court of the state in connection with the PIL filed by the Gau Gyan Foundation.
In this regard, the RUPA Ri-Bhoi Zone through its President Bah A.Nongpoh has urged the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to take action to provide assistance to the people who have contracted the disease in Lamalong. protection of people and neighboring communities.
Hurdles CC and Laitjem C have won the semi-final of the 2nd District League T20 Cricket Tournament 2023 today. 28 June.
Maheh said, “That's right, we'll go ahead.
Kangana Ranaut has alleged that Vikas Bahl, who created the film Queen, raped her during the shooting of the film in
Shillong, Naitung 3: The Meteorological Department has found that during the month of July, 2015, there was not a single day without rainfall in Sohra and Mawsynram.
The question arises, if the people on the border are still neglected in all aspects of development for more than 40 years, when will they improve in terms of development if the government is the the mother does not turn her eyes to look away from the border areas.
Nine of these children died to be rescued.
The work orders were distributed by Bah Pai together with his wife Amanda Pakynteiñ.
The polling at Umladang polling station may be held again on Tuesday.
Likewise, the ancestors of the country corrected and led the Church.
This has been implemented through a Single Window application portal which aims to collect information on various needs of the people, ranging from agriculture, soybean cultivation and others. farming, tourism and others.
“The Meghalaya BJP urges the Government not to take a hasty decision on this issue, especially the future of the students. “BJP Spokesperson M Kharkrang said in a statement.
And this golden gate will not be opened until Jesus comes again.
A total of 1,680 new cases have been reported in Assam in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 26,7
However, what we see is only in the newspapers that the construction of the casino in Ri Bhoi has started and the work has gone smoothly. “They cannot open until there is a law and the government will not allow it even when we have seen strong opposition from many churches,” said Prestone.
Every cigarette smoke introduces hundreds of chemicals such as carbon monoxide which can reduce oxygen in the blood and cause blood clots.
The family members of the woman on July 15 lodged a complaint at Mawlai Police Station, on the suspicion of her husband, Bah Trouphious Nongbri, that she committed suicide.
There is a typo; please read Courses in the Courses section.
Meanwhile, Dr. SA Lyngdoh in her speech said that it is necessary to keep clean especially to wash hands thoroughly to cover the tyrsim, so that the virus does not enter the body.
Khatesar defended himself against his behaviour, saying it was an ancient custom and denied that the water pollutes the environment.
Shillong, Lber 8: The parishioners of Kriangrin Catholic Church, Umwahlang Parish, have received a new church and school after a long dream.
In fact, the NPP and UDP have been in the EC under the banner of the United Democratic Alliance (UDA) for the last four years under the leadership of the UDP. Bajop said that the 17 MDCs have lost confidence in the EC led by CEM Titosstarwell because his working methods do not match the way it should be. that of the Council.
The Election Statistics Pocket Book is a book published by the Election Commission from time to time since 2014 which provides information on elections in India in an easy to read format.
However, the government has not followed up on this because the people have become tired of being trapped in the chains of the protocols of Covid-19 and therefore the authorities cannot do anything. for even the people would walk freely in their own will.
The government's announcement to provide ration is also unknown to whom the ration will be distributed because the ration is only for BPL and AAY cards, but in the city affected by the disease. 80% of the residents have APL cards and only 30% have BPL and AAY cards, she added.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Circle this evening after receiving a complaint from a family of Mawlai Maw Tawar Village, which falls under the containment zone, has refused to allow them to come to the Ganesh Das Hospital to give birth. I was taken to the hospital.
When there are no Mandi, where will the farmer go to sell his produce at a reasonable price? He had to sell his goods at the price the buyers paid! However, the MSP is no longer meaningful and changes from the original price to the highest price! And when the Mandi is no longer available, the state government's purchase and collection of food items from them has declined! Currently, about 80 per cent of the rice distributed through PDS in Bihar comes through the state's shallan purchases from other states.
Of these 189, 12 are women police officers.
He said that this should be taken as part of the milestones to reach a clearer goal and urged them to work harder and harder so that they can bring glory to the Jaadbynriew and the whole state.
U Syiem Tirot Singh did not take a decision alone but called a dorbar which is a great example that our rulers in the villages and kingdoms today should follow. This step when taking any decision should not be taken by one or two or three people.
How can he enter peacefully if he is not a citizen?
Speaking to reporters, Bah Marcus Marten, said that the party is deeply concerned about the border crossing by Assam, where as the days go by, it has been seen that Assam has become more and more courageous. and which surprised not only the party, but the people in the state as a whole.
Monabari AK Srivastava and personnel of 71 Bn BSF under the leadership of ASISquad.
Uphas Uddin, 37, of Pyrkan village, was found dead at his house in Pyrkan village this morning and was taken to Ichamati CHC. pronounce him dead.
The BJP also recalled that earlier Kong Roshan had promised to set up Fast Track Courts to provide speedy and fair trial to women but crimes against women have increased in the state. long of corn.
“We too are ready to take to the streets if we can resolve these issues on the streets, as Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit said in his speech,” said the Garo Hills organizations.
Shillong: Rising FC beat Smit FC on Saturday in the Shillong Premier League match at Polo Ground.
Madonbai Rymbai also criticized the work of the NPP Executive Committee of JHADC under the leadership of Thombor Shiwat, which has not been able to resolve this issue.
HANM SWKHD has submitted a petition to the Symbud Chief Minister.
Rangbah Sumar Sing Sawian, a rishot, tympan and leader of the Seng Khasi Kmie for many years, was a former Member of the Joint Executive Committee (JPK) of the Seng Khasi Kmie. for many years and who has worked hard to preserve, enrich and promote his traditional religion through the writings of his own mind.
Bandari said that tomorrow morning the party will meet the Prime Minister to submit a petition to him to take action against the incident.
(Matt. 11:28).
The Secretary of the Association in West Jaintia Hills, Arbihlang Suchiang, said that there are about 1200 teachers who have sat for the MTET examination but only about 10 percent have passed.
Shillong, Nailar 24: The Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) on Friday appealed to all residents to comply with Rule 4 of the Solid Waste Management Rules,
On the same day, the Pastor also launched a commemorative book on the occasion of the 25th Anniversary of the Pariong-Nongsynrieh Presbytery Shillong Branch.
The helicopter, operated by Aryan Aviation Private Limited Company, crashed into the ground of UCC College, Umïam.
Similarly, the NPP may be here now but tomorrow it may be different because the NPP is like a bridge that leads the way for the people of the country.
Prestone Tynsong and Sniawbhalang Dhar were removed from office by Dr Sangma on charges of trying to destroy the party especially that they had planned to join another party before the elections.
The estimate of the victory of anyone is unpredictable.
The District Magistrate has issued this order after these households have been infected with COVID-19 and all these households are required to complete contact tracing, quarantine testing and not to interact with the public to avoid the spread of the disease.
As soon as she went on stage, the spectators shouted and danced and moved their bodies to the song she sang.
There are those who raid cigarette shops, shops and even tins in toilets in search of cigarettes or cigarettes just to smoke at the right time.
Bah Marius said that in fact he has never had a headache in the past but only in the last few days he has had a headache.
The rally was held at the Football Ground of Khanduli Village under Namdong Block on Saturday with the participation of residents of Khanduli, Moojem, Moolber and neighboring villages. public.
Regarding the raid on foreign shops illegally occupying the market, u Bah Joe said that the union has tried its best in the past few hours, but as He reminded that the Sengbhalang does not have the power and authority to do anything by force , he reminded that whenever the Sengbhalang goes to investigate the same issues He said that in those days when the Sengbhalang went to raid the illegal shops of foreigners, the Khasi girls not only owned the shops but also dared to. “It's not just the owners, they're willing to marry, and not only the women but there are also men who do that who have come forward to become owners,” said Joe. He said that the union has already sent a proposal to the government to pass laws to ban Benami.
“Perhaps there are non-tribals who earn money from stealing or buying weapons, blackmail, and send them to the accounts of tribals, they will be prosecuted,” he said.
On the other hand, the police have expressed their regret over the arrest of Malkinson for the past decades and have apologized and promised not to arrest him again.
He fulfilled His ministry here on earth as God sent Him.
Nongpoh: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri-Bhoi District, on Tuesday expressed its deep sorrow over the complaints of the people of Ri-Bhoi District, who have complained to the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri-Bhoi District. Khaw lai), because as it is these days, the price of this Khaw, has reached T.1650 to T.1700 (50kg) and which is equal to the price of Khaw rem like Arham and others, but a few days ago.
Perhaps this Lok Sabha election is an election of followers when the leaders cannot bring unity within one family.
When they had eaten together, the father asked him, “How do you feel about earning four legs?” “Up to four legs when only two legs? " “At this age you should have learned to manage your income,” replied the son.
Speaking on the insurgency in the state, he said that the emergence of insurgent groups is due to the lack of discipline from home where parents can no longer discipline their children, they don't know how to ask or He said that in Lum Garo, it is no longer the parents who discipline their children but the children who discipline them. “The youth should be disciplined by their parents and not by themselves,” said GHP Raju.
At this function, the Ranikor Block Congress Committee Women and the District Congress Committee honored Ms. Victorealness Syiemlieh.
It's not the same.
The soldiers are currently in quarantine and will have to spend 14 days in quarantine.
He said the state government should not allow the erection of a monument to the forest guard from Assam Bidya Sing Lekthe and the construction of a school in Mukroh.
Belin, who received the post mortem report last month, said she was not satisfied.
The meeting was attended by the ruling MDCs as well as the opposition MDCs. There was no discussion on the border issue but the discussion was on how to give protection of the indigenous people living in these areas so that they will not be disturbed as in the past.
He said that the council itself has used the existing law that those foreigners, even if they live in shops or markets, cannot trade without a trading license. to understand, said Mr. Chyne.
This is a sign that the NPP will not do anything against the UDP and will continue to do so.
The union said that there is no objection to the export of this mineral to Bangladesh and at the same time the union demands that the government should expedite the issuance of licenses to the miners so that they can mine this mineral. At present, the state government has released only a stock to transport and transport and this also poses a risk that if this stock runs out, the traders will have to stop transporting stone to Bangladesh and the market will close again. Shillong, November 1: U JYC General Secretary Wandonbok Jyrwa said in a statement that the Border Market will be closed to Bangladesh. The East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Owners Association (ETWAA) has invited the public to gather tomorrow at 10 am in front of the Police Reserve.
Jowai, Lber 15: The Hynniewtrep Youth Movement (HNYM) Saphai Unit today led by the President of West Jaintia Hills, Samla Pynhun Shulet in the presence of the General Secretary of the Saphai Unit, Samla Melki Dhar and Vice President Saphai. Shemphang Dhar Unit has met with the Assistant Executive Engineer of Shangpung Distribution Sub-Division to demand the completion of the electric poles which have started working since 2019 before the outbreak of Covid-1
“He did not resign for his own personal gain, but he is concerned for the people and that he wants to fulfill the expectations of the people of the constituency”.
He said that it is a bias and taking advantage of the demand to increase the number of MDC seats. but his action shows bias and this could create differences between the three ethnic groups of the state.
In the 26th minute, Chile's Yennifer Pasten was injured and had to be replaced by Ambar Rolino.
According to reports received today, on Friday, there was a death of fish in Wah Khri in Patharkhmah area of ​​Jirang constituency.
This method of attracting tourists is called 'Medical Tourism' and has been implemented for many years in Andhra Pradesh, Kerala, Karnataka and other states.
This comes after these three schools won the final of the District Level Inter School Subroto Cup organized by the DSO, East Jaintia Hills at Wapungskur Stadium on Tuesday.
Amazing has come forward to campaign for the UDP candidate Synshar Kupar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah.
He also urged the children and youth to be active in attending church services and to focus on the good.
The Sengbhalang has called for a three-night road blockade from 9 pm to 5 pm from 4 to 6 pm to force the government to implement the ILP in the state.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, on Tuesday said that he has not received any information on the demand of the Sur ka bri u Hynniewtrep, not to deploy police patrols in Mawlai.
By Philip MarweiñThe meeting of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) held on Monday (29/10/2018) ended without achieving any goal. .
He said that through the Center of Excellence for Climate Change, which will be set up in Shillong, the state government will work harder to disseminate information on climate change, through schools and different educational institutions.
In order to facilitate the speedy resolution of the issues, those persons who have retired from the Office of the Principal Accountant General (A&E) Meghalaya, Shillong are requested to send their names in advance to the O/o the Pr.
The Hydraulic Ram Pump has been implemented by the residents of Mawphanlur village under the 100 days scheme. The Hydraulic Ram Pump is a water pumping station to produce water from the ground. Gravity cannot work.
On the day of polling, it is prohibited for any person, resident or non-resident to gather or stand near the Polling Station.
What mentor does a foreigner have to confuse the minds and understandings of the Khasi children until they reach the point where as a nation they are insulted or insulted but there are still those who support that speech? His.
Fintech and digital technology have been deployed for prompt and efficient delivery to beneficiaries.
They also went to the stone of the moon that was on the top of Mount Sohpet Bneng.
However, what is most important for many people is whether the Government of India or the Government of Meghalaya really gives them the freedom that the people want and desire.
In addition to the Control Rooms, which will be improved by the Central Pollution Control Board, special teams will be set up to monitor the illegal manufacture, delivery, storage of goods. distribution, sale and use of 12 types of plastic products announced by the relevant department last year.
“Hindi should not be forced to be taught,” said Malik when asked about his views on the Central Government's decision to make Hindi a compulsory subject. up to class X in the North Eastern States.
What will happen to those farmers who used to earn a living from agriculture? It cannot be said that especially in the rural areas, many of the parents not only support to earn a living from agriculture. riang, but even to send their children to school, they have to work hard in the fields without counting the fire and stones, because they don't have anything else.
Your name is Litor.
In the Under-19 Boys Single, Alfredy Kharbuli won the title while in the women's category, Caitlyne Basaiawmoit won the title.
