The film will be screened on the 24th at 6 pm and 8 pm.
Speaking on the occasion, the Commissioner Secretary, Handloom and Textile Department, Bah FR Kharkongor, urged the handicrafts and weaving through the Department of Sericulture and Weaving to produce these garments. There are also those who dye clothes without the use of chemicals known as organic dying or in Khasi the method of dyeing without the use of chemicals. He also said that the Silk Samagra Scheme has been allocated Rs 23 crore to the Department of Handloom and Textile for the development of Handloom and Textile. The Raid Nongtluh in Ri Bhoi District will benefit from this scheme.
The newly formed ANTF will be headed by the Inspector General of Police (CID) as Chairman and the Assistant Inspector General of Police (Re-Orgn) as Member Secretary and Commissioner of Excise.
When asked, Sangma said, “We have had a meeting.
It is also prohibited to use tynghung by candidates or political parties.
Mawlai's Samborlang Nongbri scored the first goal in the 32nd minute.
The blue color of the river has been happening since 2007, and the death of thousands of fish in the water and the color of the river continues today and this has been witnessed by the residents of the river. area and also passengers passing through the NH-6
The JAC was attended by the Village Authorities, civil society groups including the KSU, HNYF, FKJGP. Samla Ferdinand Kharkamni said that the Prime Minister in talks with the members of the JAC has promised to postpone the opening of the camp due to the opposition from many churches.
“We have lodged many complaints with the district authorities and the government to withdraw the BSF from Sonapyrdi, but until now these troops are still standing there and disturbing the peace and order of the people of Narpuh area and border villages,” said Bah KS. Inspection.
The above documents can be delivered to the above mentioned leaders of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar East Jaintia Hills District, or by scanning them clearly and sending them through to Email, “eg.
Seinjait Tuber won the men's title after winning 22 medals including 10 gold, 9 silver and 3 bronze medals. glass.
The award is divided into three categories, the Sarvottam Jeevan Raksha Padak, the Uttam Jeevan Raksha Padak and the Jeevan Raksha Padak.
In this meeting, the youths immediately rejected the Tenancy Bill of the government because it does not have anything to protect the indigenous people.
The midfielder is also the first tool in the midfield for the creation and development of Liverpool in this field; Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has said that the club have finished their recent journey to fourth place in the EPL. , but is still looking for more players to sign after the departure of James Milner, Naby Keita and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain.
At the same time, he said that the KSU will send a letter tomorrow to the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma to ask for clarification on the position of the state government regarding the road. 2 Lanes from Nongstoin to Wahkaji.
“We demand that these villages of Raid Nongtung, Hima Khyrim Syiemship should be called Hima Nongtung and not Block II,” said the Syiem of Raid Nongtung. register within this state.
He said that there has been a strong demand from the MLAs to include them as electors of the beneficiaries, but as there is no MLA Scheme for them which has now reached T.2 crore, there has been no demand. was never allowed.
Shillong, Nailar 1: Many people on Facebook, have been surprised by the appearance of a rosary and a cross, in the picture, of the baptism of a child, in Mookhap village, which falls under in the Parish of Mookynde.
As long as we work for the people, we will serve the people, we will strengthen them,” he added.
We have an MGLP which organizes shows and participates with about 3000 youth, we have about 15000 people who get jobs and income through tourism in many ways.
They were too beautiful for him even though he was expensive in the market.
Shillong: Two prisoners identified as Small Phawa and Kwal Laloo escaped from the custody of the police at Jowai Civil on Tuesday morning at 7:20 pm. Hospital, after they were taken to this hospital, due to their illness.
Shops are kindly requested to convert CLT to DLT or BPL. Those who have been cut off from electricity because they have not paid their electricity bill and others who have not received written permission from MePDCL to receive electricity should not turn off electricity or take electricity from neighbours. .
Bah Jambor directed the Syiem of Mylliem to hold talks to end the conflict between the cow farmers' association and the cow market in Khanapara.
Speaking to reporters, Chatrath said; “I think the Lok Sabha elections next year will turn around and we are confident that the Congress will win from both the seats.
The Government has done this after receiving complaints from parents of school and college students that the charging of school and college fees by the authorities has been excessive which has put the parents in trouble. to send their children to school besides that many schools and colleges receive support from the government.
Guha received 1,89,575 votes while Mondal received 25,486 votes.
These 'thei lud' and 'bah lud', especially the 'bah lud pait-pdot rangbah', used to sing and dance by following the beautiful songs of the kaitor syiang ryndang of the land of the nineteenth century.
In order to provide training on environmental protection, tree planting was conducted.
There have been allegations that the ARSS has had an agreement with a civil society organization or is working under threat due to constant violence. The road has been handed over to an untrained civil society, and this has put the lives of the passengers who pass through this road to Pynursla in danger.
Prof Nalin Mehta, Director NEIGRIHMS, while inviting the entire team, said that NEIGRIHMS is the only central government hospital in the Northeast region which has been able to provide such a difficult and challenging treatment. different.
This statement was sent by Bah Larry Kharmalki President of Sohryngkham Pyllun Youth Association.
He said that the notices have been distributed by the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) to those who build illegal houses on the Municipal land on 1st June,
Until now I am the President of the UDP Mawsynram circle but the higher leaders have not informed me that there are those who have applied for ticket for the 2023 elections,” he said.
These leaders also urged the new members of these two units not to back down when there is any criticism or opposition, but to stand firm on the ground as full members of the They also urged the members to be respectful especially in their walking and standing and to have cooperation with each other so that it will not lead to misunderstanding and also to have cooperation with the Village Authorities for the welfare of the community.
Ampareen's speech is very beautiful.
There is always a lot of concern and dissatisfaction because as it was agreed from the beginning that in the border talks there will always be a give and take.
The District Council Affairs (DCA) has approved the name of Teilinia and has sent it to the Governor for approval. to take over the post of Dy.CEM tomorrow 2nd July.
After the election of the Chairman on the following day, the council will hold a meeting on the 28th of November.
The AJTCV has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner requesting him to take action on this issue and said that he will convene a meeting soon.
He said that it is through the determination and pursuit of the goal set with humility that one can achieve the goal in life.
The UDP has eight MLAs in the Legislative Assembly, while the Congress has 29 MLAs and if they sit together to form a government, it will be
Nongpoh: The District authorities of Ri Bhoi District have urged the Rangbah Shnongs to issue Identity Cards (ID) to the residents of the area, so that they can avoid being infected with COVID-1 Three Sengbhalang groups from Byrnihat have urged the elders of the area to consider before issuing ID to anyone. iano, I don't want to be afraid.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The State Government has issued a warning to all government employees to come to work as usual and those who fail to come to work, the Government has promised to punish them. .
“He admitted that the ministers have always expressed that they do not want to work with the Syiem and have left the meeting even though I have expressed their desire to continue working with the Syiem.
The committee, through its Principal Secretary MS Rao, said that the committee will be to protect women from the abuse of men in the workplace, whether in government offices, factories. , shops and other places".
For example, do we dare to say that Garikhana and other places or villages given foreign names will be ours? What will happen if such foreign words continue to spread? To tell the truth, if we reach the border to verify the land whether it is in the middle or in the border areas, we will not win at all because the name of the place is not our name. and the truth will prove that it is the land of the Dkhars because the name of the land is in their name.
There are many issues and issues like the Reservation Policy, ILP and others which will be discussed in Parliament,” said Dr Kara.
Qatar has never qualified for the World Cup in recent years.
As witnessed on Friday, many organizations have come out to express their strong opposition although the government has already announced that it will suspend the empty camp.
The first prize for the Pnar category was awarded to Dei Satieñ and the first prize for the Dkhar category was awarded to Suha Passah.
In July 2019, 731 visitors, in June 754, in April 714, in June 563 and in June 392 visitors.
Also present were many government officials and officers of various departments including government ministers, MLAs, office bearers of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) and NEOA. , sports stars including 'Dhing Express' Hima Das.
“He also praised the FOCUS+ scheme introduced by the MDA Government. “The FOCUS+ will benefit the farmers in northern Garo Hills, especially when we see that the Government is providing pig seeds. , plant seeds to the people so that they can increase their income,” he added.
Furthermore, the organization holds this tournament every year to encourage children to turn to sports and also to avoid the dangers of drugs through the theme “No to Drugs, Ho -oid to football"
When asking for support from the public, she said that it is not just financial support, but only if people express their appreciation for her and give her congratulations.
However, the end of the conversation with them was that nothing can be done if the authorities do not act.
Sohra, Nailar 20: The HANM South Khasi Hills, Sohra, on Tuesday said that the work to improve the road from Mawjrong to Sohra will start soon.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: The mining and quarrying in the state has stopped for many years and many people have been affected by the traps, traders, day laborers and shops. sales, vehicle owners and has also affected the daily wages of drivers.
Mahato says his goal has come true after India managed to land Chandrayaan-3 on the moon and therefore he believes his goal has come true. , to place on the moon.
This is a problem for the coalition government especially if that government or group does not have a Common Minimum Program (CMP) which does not write down all the things that the government will do from the beginning by taking into account the main commitments. of all synergistic organizations.
There are also those who hold discussions on cleanliness and other issues.
At the same time, he said that the KHADC is organizing this festival to showcase the richness of culture and has not yet organized it as a source of income.
These ethnic leaders expressed their gratitude to the Madanriting Village Authority and the police for providing security.
The incident took place at Bangsamgre village in East Garo Hills at the residence of GNLA commander Jimmy Momin.
Haaland has scored 52 goals in 53 appearances for Man City, who won the 2022-23 season with three trophies.
The war in Ukraine has affected the economies of other countries but not India and this is because of the economic policy of the Prime Minister of the country.
Shillong: The State Government has decided to impose a curfew in Shillong from midnight on the 26th to midnight on the 29th of this month.
The Relief and Rehabilitation Department is continuing to provide relief and shelter to the homeless in many districts after they were affected by the floods.
The meeting was held at the PWD grounds in Jowai in the presence of Minister of Urban Affairs Tourism Sniawbhalang Dhar, MLA of Jowai Wailadmiki Shylla, Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District Batlang S. Sohliya IAS. , Chief Executive Member of JHADC, T.Shiwat, along with the villagers, farmers and residents.
Nongpoh: A robber who was arrested by the police for allegedly raping a 70-year-old woman has escaped from the hands of the police. He was taken to Nongpoh Hospital for medical treatment.
In the midst of 20,000 different languages ​​and deritries, the sense of one global future and connectivity between countries is important.
It is learned that at the time of the incident, all the members of the family were not at home as they were on their way to their mother's house.
Signs issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare should also be posted for safety measures and videos on self-care should also be shown.
Earlier, NEPA Director Dolcy Barman said that the total number of policemen at the training center is 169, including four women Deputy Superintendents of Police and 30 policemen. the cadet Sub-Inspector.
“Not a single woman has been elected from this constituency.
Besides driving vehicles, although the income is lower after the government has allowed private vehicles especially from Shillong to Guwahati.
During his visit to these four states of the North East, Rahul said that heavy security forces have been deployed in all the roads, especially in Garo Hills where there are many incidents of violence. that left.
Only the TMC is the weapon in our democracy that can fight against these current forces while the NPP, BJP, UDP and other parties are allies in their work”.
“Prestone said that the State Government has received a reply from the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA), the Government of India on this issue,” said a statement sent by the General Secretary, Samla Donald V. .Mountain.
Wandalin said that this action of former MLA Bah Samlin Malngiang has put the residents of Sohiong in darkness especially those who have been named but have not received the benefits.
Many dignitaries including the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Justice Sanjib Banerjee, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, attended the ceremony. Government Ministers including Sanbor Shullai, Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Dasakhiatbha Lamare, KHADC CEM Titosstarwell Chyne and others.
He said that if the government authorities demolish the house built by the union, the union will also demolish the houses of foreigners living in this area which covers an area of ​​more than 9 acres. .
The Government of India has issued the draft New Education Policy (NEP), 2019. The purpose of the Bill is to reform the education system in schools. “5+3+3+4 design”.
The victory of the VPP is the launch of its commitment to eradicate corruption in the State.
When asked about the number of blangs brought by the raids and raids, Pa'iem Balajied said, “There are not less than 40 blangs brought by the raids and two raids”.
Shillong, Nailur 16: U Bah Disparsing Rani on Thursday said that at present the condition of the four buses is in poor condition due to the fact that most of them are old.
Inclusive digital innovationsIn India, the opening up of innovation by the youth, the Government and the private sector is driving new innovations in digital fields.
On this issue, there was little to talk about until the State of Jammu & Kashmir was divided into two Union Territories, namely Jammu & Kashmir and Ladakh.
In fact, it is up to the government to pay more attention to Lariti when it plans to promote tourism.
However, most of those people who choose to eat only plant-based foods cannot include drinking or eating dairy foods.
“I want to remind you that I was doing drama but I asked the question what happened to Cheristerfield.
The MLA also admitted that there are four MLAs from different parties who are ready to join the BJP. I don't want to give their names. They have expressed their readiness to join the BJP,” he said.
When asked whether the milk from the cow has LUMPY SKIN DISEASE, he said it does not affect the milk, but the milk production. , you don't have enough because you don't eat anymore food.
When they go to the law enforcement authorities, the pastors or elders who performed the baptism, they face a lot of difficulties.
Therefore, the Seng in this statement informs the youth of these villages that they still have the right to apply for the Border Area Scholarship and also the Dorbar Shnongs still have the right to apply for the schemes. developed by the Department Border Areas Development.
Therefore, we hope that these actions of them are clear signs that those who are no longer Khasi will soon return to the new Khasi religion.
“I am still waiting for the direction of the senior leadership in this regard," he added.
Shillong, Nailur 3 : The BJP National Executive Member and Pynthorumkhrah MLA, Bah AL Hek, on Tuesday said that the issue of eviction of Harijans from Mawlong Market has become like a game of thrones.
These selected rangïakura have won medals in the state and will now compete against the best rangïakura from all over India, many of whom have won medals. in the National Games, Asian Games and also in the Commonwealth Games.
Shillong, June 21: A blazing fire has destroyed a house in Pomshutia village, Pynursla village at 11 am this morning.
This problem has been faced by the people due to the lack of attention of the Government from one year to another.
Ankita, Ri Bhoi, took the first wicket but was stopped by Ronjoli Basumatary and Marme M Sangma for 14 runs each. 13 rounds.
In the afternoon, he also inspected the PHC Lailyngkot and promised in the presence of the village leaders that he will look into upgrading it to a CHC. The PHC Laitlyngkot has been in existence for about 25 years now. and has done well in its journey and should be upgraded to a CHC so that it can provide better services to the people.
According to the Sordar of Shilliang Dongki, MSK Jana, the Sister in charge of the school said that the stolen money amounted to T.2.63 lakh while Borlang said that he did not. I don't know how much he took and how much he spent but what the police seized from him was T.18 thousand tyngka.
" He replied. He left the house and went to meet Rida in Motphran.
Speaking to reporters, LG Nongsiej said that the reason for his resignation is because the KHDA MDCs do not trust him anymore. “I resign because they don't trust me anymore,” he said. state.
The video has angered all the residents of the Northeast because it was very shocking in which the woman was shot, beaten, raped, beaten and She was injured in the genitals by a group of men including a woman who was involved in the incident.
“India is a place where all nations have fought together.
The Behdieñkhlam ceremony which started on Friday and ended on Sunday continued on Thursday with various rituals performed by the Doloi, Langdoh, Langdoh together with the the magicians and Wasan.
He said that his re-appointment was after a thorough review according to the report of the investigation received on 6th June,
However, Dimitrov equalized the set 4-4 with a shot that angered Djokovic.
Also present on the occasion were Fr Bernas Mawrie, Fr Festus Shadap Parish Priest Laitkor, Bah Lambor Malngiang, Elders of the village and others.
He said that these people got out of a taxi which had already been parked at the scene and at that time the people did not think to check the number plate of the local taxi.
However, due to the failure of Flybig, the Government had to terminate the social agreement with the airline.
This is after some of the people staying in the quarantine facilities have been sent to bring the dogs to these quarantine facilities.
The State of Meghalaya from time to time borrows money from banks and financial institutions to build development projects in the State and their interest is high.
The Surat court convicted him and he was immediately disqualified as a member of the Lok Sabha after being convicted.
In a statement, TGSCU President Anand Ch Momin said that the Union does not agree with the power outage for many hours as this will seriously affect the education of the students.
However, many poor families have dropped out of school for their children aged 12-14 years and have sent them to graze cattle and goats because of the poverty at home.
Those grounds are to look carefully at the documents, the facts as they are historical, who used to own and farm in these areas from the past to the present (physical occupation). and other principles, such as these.
Area Commander Philiport D Shira said that the reason for the surrender was because they wanted to join the party and wanted to come to a new life.
The union also conducted a cleanliness drive and found various types of garbage from diapers, bottles, sanitary pads, people who wash clothes and others which affect the health of the people who use this water for drinking. eat.
“We will not allow this.
Robert said the party suggests that the roster should work from the year it was approved forward and not to turn back, because if it turns back it will cause many problems.
The court also said that these are good policies to leave to the Legislative Assembly and the authorities in the Government and after they have taken the basis, it will be open to the residents. affected villages to ask questions on the implementation of the law.
The KSU said that before receiving the order from the authorities to make the Adhaar Card mandatory, many of the complaints have been made mandatory. The Seng urges that while Adhar is not yet in force, government offices should not force anyone to have Adhar. .
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Khasi Hills District, today announced that the registration of Aadhaar cards for those who are required to register their names under the National Food Security Act, 2013 (PHH and AAY card holders) will be held at to 27th November, 2020, from 10 am to 5 pm.
The earthquake affected the state and parts of Assam.
Jesus said, “Your Father who sees in secret will reward you openly.
Referring back to the voice of the people of our state, it was heard that many are not satisfied with the way the sports department acts and runs.
BJP leader Subramaniam Swamy today slammed AIUDF leader Badruddin Ajmal for opposing the Assam government's two-child law.
At the same time, the Cabinet approved the amendment of the Meghalaya Judicial Service Rules, 2006 and the Meghalaya Higher Judicial Services Rules,
Scindia has been in the hospital for four days after contracting the disease.
At the same time, he thanked Profitable Dkhar from Barato village for donating 4.6 acres of land to the police department for the construction of this POP. He congratulated the Ministry of Home Affairs for bringing this outpost to this village which the village has been hoping for for a long time.
Wow, you've lost your name in Lapalang's body"
R.Sangma has been released on bail from many charges, but the statement said that there is great doubt that Champion could be beaten to death by the police. I don't want to kill Sohan.
Remember that we must take care of our country and not sell it to the foreigners for a day's sake for our own benefit without thinking carefully about the future generations of my children.
However, if there is only the king and the elders (without the great) or only the elders or only the paid u phew, it cannot be a dorbar.
St.Anthony's College Shillong, on 29th November, 2023, has issued a directive to all students to wear uniforms when coming to class from this year 4th Semester students have launched a Signature Campaign to express their opposition to this order issued by the College authorities and informed that up to 400 students have supported this demand.
For the leaders of the Church and for the Church itself that God will use it, that it will be a comfort to others who are in despair because of this disease.
The meeting is scheduled to be held on the 12th of July.
Interestingly, among the children she helped to raise, including men and women who have become parents, not a single one has died at her hands. all that shait that strong.
The UDP Leader is also a successful football player who is a famous goalkeeper of the district and abroad.
Shillong: The Government of Meghalaya today announced that youths of the state who are staying in other states including outside the North East should register on the website www.meghalayaonline.
The day was filled with song, dance and music.
If the government allows the auction, it will be a great benefit and blessing to the people at this time of unemployment.
As part of the efforts to strengthen the sohniamtra cultivation, up to 1000 sohniamtra seedlings have been distributed to all the households in Nongtrai so that they can develop the sohniamtra cultivation.
The party has made it clear that as it has announced, it will continue to hold the mombati ceremony and will continue to do so, he added.
Is there a prime minister in the world who is like that?” said U Deb.
The earth longs for seed, for the places of visitors.
The Chief Minister said that through the ban on the internet, it has helped especially the police to curb the attempts of the exploiters to create trouble in the state.
He scored Portugal's first goal at Euro 2004 and helped Portugal reach the final.
Therefore, this is a special day for this mission as the country has reached the milestone of 50,000 ODF Plus villages.
On the same day, the AJCA also distributed cricket equipment to Chutwakhu, Umshangiar and Ummulong Sports Club.
According to the Constitution of India, the State Government has its own powers and authority.
According to the letter received, the Secretary of KHADC signed on the 17th of this month, through the directive of the CEM, has convened a meeting on the 21st November 2019 at 11 am with all the Chief Executive Members. The KHADC, to discuss and support the demand against the Citizenship Amendment Act 2019, to support the demand for the implementation of the ILP in the state and to strengthen the provisions of the Sixth Schedule.
It is also said that only women who are clean can dance while men are not allowed to dance.
This public campaign has brought together talented people from all over the country, who together have turned the KFC Bucket into a #KFCBucketCanvas, by placing decorations through drawings on these different platforms. from one city where KFC is located and another.
Answering a question, Bah Shakliar said that the increase in the first phase has reached 75 percent while in the second phase there has been nothing.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16 : The Rabon Singh Memorial Committee and the Thiar Lyngwiar Dpei Society, together with the Mawmluh Elaka, Mawmluh Sirdarship on Friday commemorated the 113th death anniversary of Pahep Rabon Singh Kharsuka. He was also the Father of Khasi Thought at a program held at Rabon Singh Memorial LP School, Mawmluh.
Shillong: The SP of East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday said that the reports by the two parties, the KSU and the FKJGP, are not true.
Speaking to media, Conrad said, “We all know that the Lok Sabha session is ongoing and the Speaker and other officers have only Saturday and Sunday to attend. session".
Therefore, through the existence of this Association, it will be a source of income for the day labourers.
Earlier, the Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah Ronie V Lyngdoh, said that the government has not yet taken the names of the land dealers to register as it is currently looking for land before setting them up.
He said that at the next meeting they will discuss and take decisions regarding the upcoming MDC elections of KHADC and JHADC. It was also decided that seven members should be from the UDP and five from the HSPDP so that the number of office bearers in the RDA will be full.
On the other hand, the District authorities have promised in front of the member of the Commission to assist the team in such matters and at the same time he said that he has also informed the member of the Commission about the issue. of the employees of the Jowai Municipal Board.
One of the violence against women is that they have to submit to their husbands whether they want to or not.
She said that cleanliness is very important and bringing about cleanliness around the area is through the cooperation of all the people.
Those who pass JEE can enter Engineering courses at prestigious schools of the Indian Institute of Technology.
It is clear that these are not the leaders of the people but the sellers and agents of UCIL,” he said.
In the second leg, Nangbah Dukhu beat Khliehmynkrem to a 1-1 draw. Ewanmi Pasi scored the first goal for Nangbah Dukhu in the 17th minute.
The Union Minister gave this information in a written reply to the Rajya Sabha on Friday.
Meghalaya Police today clashed with militants on Durama Hill.
He said that the Seng has already sent a letter to the EM in charge of Trade of KHADC to issue Trading Licenses in Nongmynsong, Demseiniong and Pynthorbah.
While Deisy helped clean up with Riia.
Regarding the arrangement of the Ministry of Agriculture, on the part of Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar, he said that they will not accept it, because it is only a cover-up; Their wish is that the Ministry of Agriculture should sit down again to select them in the right way so that they can go to school.
He also recalled that the Instrument of Accession signed in 1948 is the way for the Government of India to take action.
In 2018, the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has sent a petition to the Minister of PHE to invite applications for these posts through the MPSC. The MPSC has not yet invited applications.
The winners were awarded with trophies, certificates and cash prizes.
For political reasons, the border issue has been delayed from time to time, but the people living on the border have become more and more involved with the Assam government.
The PWD in the past years has built a bridge on the Shella River, but it collapsed while the bridges were being erected due to the strong flow of water due to heavy rainfall.
When they were old enough, they fell to the ground.
But he doesn't say a word.
The Office of the Commissioner for Persons with Disabilities, Government in collaboration with the State Resource Center on Disability Affairs, Shillong, celebrated the International Day of Persons with Disabilities, at U Soso The theme of the day was; “Transformative Solution for Inclusive Development: the role of innovation in fueling an accessible and equitable world”.
You must not miss to vote or vote.
He said that the Prime Minister has promised to take action on the findings of the party on the lack of drinking water supply to the people.
Referring to the MDC elections, Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit said that many parties have applied for tickets from the VPP for the upcoming Autonomous District Council elections in Khasi and Jaintia Hills. year.
These drugs were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh through West Garo Hills.
BSF troops recovered a drone attached to a container of 2.1 kilograms of heroin, the spokesman said.
In his reply, which lasted more than two hours in the House, the Prime Minister said that he admits that the state is in financial crisis but it has not reached the point of facing problems because the government has the funds. find ways to get rid of the problem.
History of the Protestant Church – In 2011 the Protestant Christian Churches celebrated the four hundredth anniversary of the publication of the first English Bible in 1611, the King James Bible.
The number of men aged 15 years and above who tested positive for the disease was taken from 26th July to 16th June
The HANM leader said that if the BJP feels responsible for the state or if it loves the people of the state, it should first resolve the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
The TDP has called for a statewide protest against his arrest and detention for 14 days.
After receiving information about the presence of the vehicle, a police team visited the spot and conducted a search inside, the team recovered 17 boxes in which one one contains about 200 Gelatin Sticks.
Those who have a share in the election of the Syiem shall be from all the villages under the Hima.
One 9 mm pistol, two 9 mm mags, eight 9 mm bullets and a mobile phone with a Bangladesh SIM card were recovered from him.
Nongpoh, July 17: The Executive Engineer (EE), PWD (Road), Nongpoh Division, today informed the public that the traffic of coal trucks on the Patharkhmah-Umling road has been temporarily closed due to the ongoing improvement works. to build the B.U.G Bridge, Lailad.
Supporters of the UDP, NPP and Congress came to the stage to join the VPP despite the crowd.
Shillong: The sudden death of Archbishop Rev Dominic Jala of the Diocese of Shillong on 10th March 2019 in a car accident in Colusa County, California has caused panic among the people. believer of the Catholic Church.
After starting investigation, police found that the mobile phone of Gileng was still working and was still ringing. ask your husband - Ome B Marak.
The raids were also conducted in Chennai, Hyderabad, Bengaluru and Vardaiahpalem near Chittoor on the border of Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh.
The price of EMD must be submitted by buyers on or before 6 pm on Sunday for the auction for the following Tuesday.
Shillong, March 07: Twenty-nine residents of Meghalaya who were on a pilgrimage to Jerusalem have been stranded in Bethlehem due to violence between Palestine and Israel.
Many countries of the world have realized the dangers of the widespread use of plastic and have banned and restricted their use.
On the other hand, Frederick Kharmawphlang urged the people of the area to unite and strengthen their ownership of the country by saying, “We should not accept the word Block I, Block II or that it is a place where iaknieh Because if we accept them, we accept that it is a place of judgment.
The Kur will also talk to the Nongrum Kur so that they can know that there are thousands of children from the Nongrem Kur who have gone to Nongrum.
Shillong, March 31: The Conference of Primary Teachers of India under the banner of the All India Primary Teachers Federation will be held in Shillong from 3rd to 5th November
Moris went missing while going to the toilet on Saturday evening near Bakur village in Dawki, on the border of India and Bangladesh.
When he went the next day, it was exactly as advertised.
The people and the Government of Meghalaya have never been lagging behind in the work to accelerate the development of this backward State.
The Government of Meghalaya has also announced the launch of a helpline number 1800-345-3644 for the residents and students of Meghalaya in Sikkim who may need assistance due to the floods. in this state.
Shillong, June 27: The SRT on Friday strongly criticized the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) for issuing an order directing the Chief Executive Members not to issue No Objection Certificate (NoC) to Khasi who wish to apply for Schedule Tribe (ST) status.
These gadgets should have you now that they’re uncomfortable.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Riwar Mihngi Circle has sent a letter to MeECL regarding the power outage in Pynursla area.
Earlier, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, had promised in front of the civil society groups against the road that he would not approve the construction of the two-wheeler road from Nongstoiñ to Wahkaji. The KHADC will improve the road by spending T.20 crore from the special allocation received from the central government which is T.133 crore.
You shall not cover the lama with saffron, nor shall you wear saffron.
"You young men of our country and those who have married, let this conversation between me and my friend be a lesson to you, so that you will not be deceived in the days of old age.
Pool-D includes Mulang Ialong, Pamanik, Loompyrdi Ongpiah, Tpep Pale and Madan Thadmuthlong.
There was a stir and it was recognized that the group which was still behind wanted to turn to the side of the police, but there were also some elders who went to stop and blocked the tyllai. There were some people who threw stones and bottles at the police and the stones and bottles were thrown at the police. They didn't only leave the road, but they left without recognizing anyone else on the side of the road and at that time the police fired dozens of rounds of ammunition and it was seen that they were turning towards them. There was a clash between the people and the police and after that the people fled the house, but most of them went straight to the Anjalee area through the road that passes from Anjalee. Rhino.
Michael Kharsyntiew also brought before the media the Chairman of the Disciplinary Committee who is in charge of the investigation.
“Regarding the incident in Them Ïew Mawlong which we expect to resolve, the sad thing is...I will remind you of the past years, it was estimated that 184 households will be evacuated. from Mawlong Market to the Shillong Municipal Board Quarter – 128 from the Municipal and 56 from other departments,” he said.
Many famous singers and bands from around the world will perform at the festival such as Ronan Keating, Jonas Blue, Pink Panda, NE-YO, Kenny Mass, Sanam and famous singers of the State including Snow White, Meba Ophilia, Daminot, Rhem, Blue Temptation, Wanjop Sohklet, Dariti.
“We strongly oppose this proposal of the government and demand that they should announce the resolution immediately,” said the nurses.
Prof. Dr. Balram Bhargava, Chief, Cardio-Thoracic Sciences Center and Head, Department of Cardiology, AIIMS, New Delhi were also present as the chief guest.
Ms Roshan said that this scheme will also bring about cleanliness to the households when they plant trees.
On the other hand, the government officer also congratulated the fishermen from Ri-Bhoi for achieving the government's goal of achieving success and requested the fisheries department to have a close cooperation with the fisheries department. The fish farmers should continue to develop the fish farming industry in the state as a whole, so that the state can produce its own fish for consumption.
It is learned that on the evening of the 17th, the child left his house to stay with his childhood friends, in a house which has been set up about 200-300 meters away from the house. your mother.
The Meghalaya State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights (SCPCR) has said that East Khasi Hills District has the highest number of complaints under the POCSO Act. South Garo Hills has the lowest number of districts among the 12 districts in the state.
The NPP, which has 26 MLAs, will increase to 28 MLAs with the merger of these two MLAs and if it wins from Sohiong, it will increase to
There are 23 other vacancies from 1st July 2018 to 31st November 2018, and 300 vacancies as of 31st November
The 32-year-old man had kidnapped the child to Lumshnong to his workplace as a shopkeeper at Amrit Cement.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Odisha 6-0 in the Dr BC Roy Trophy to win the first leg of the Group CU with Wadajied Kynsai Ryngkhlem scoring three goals. Henryford Nongneng, Gladdy Kharbuli and John Suchen.
The Government has allocated T.36,224 crore to CGST and T.30269 crore to SGST from IGST. CGST and T.68,561 crore for SGST. The collection for July 2023 is 12% higher than the GST collection for the same month last year.
All the peoples here in the world have their own Khana Pateng, Puriskam and others to survive and from these, this is also the case with the Khasi people living here in the mountains. jyrngam and full of valleys, hills, rivers and others.
The trade is held even in the morning but no one stops the trucks and they run smoothly without any problems.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The Rotary Club Shillong Heritage (RCSH) recently held a discussion on the New Education Policy (NEP)
Also present on the occasion were the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, the Deputy Chief Minister, Bah P Tynsong, Dr LR Bishnoi, IPS, Director General of Police, DP Wahlang, IAS, Chief Secretary. , FG Kharshiing, IPS, MGT Sangma, IPS and others.
Shillong: Former Additional Director General of Police (ADGP) Meghalaya, Bah Heimonlang Nongpluh has been appointed as the Chief Information Commissioner (CIC).
“We have received information that he will visit the state on the 15th of June.
The union acknowledged that the State has two projects, Umiam and Myntdu Leshka, which provide 186 MW and 126 MW of electricity respectively. it is 600MW and on top of this there is the purchase of power from outside, from outside companies.
The film is also part of the 2014 MDC election campaign.
We will always be there and help those who need our help.
The UCC has recently been rejected. Let them walk slowly, without haste or slowness without looking carefully, lest they reach a point where they cannot rise again, when they are struggling. to something, without knowing what is behind it.
In terms of career, Chhetri has won the AIFF Player of the Year award seven times, received the Arjuna Award in 2011 and the Arjuna Award in Padma Shri in
But only that they work as they promised to the people that is our happiness.
As a result, there is a huge gap between the production and consumption of milk in the state.
On the other hand, Bah Sanbor said that the party is expected to win more than the previous election because there are many candidates who are expected to win. to ask for a ticket.
The Prime Minister praised the children who have suffered from the disease and said that nothing can repay the love of parents.
The app was launched at the Secretariat today where Conrad said the purpose is to provide services to the villagers to be a platform for them to complain if they have any problems and the government will do what you can without delay.
“We have started to find some of them, but there are 3,338, whom we have not found.
The Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, told reporters after the meeting that the money, if available, will be used for existing and new development projects in the state.
The Meghalaya Veterinary Services Association (MSSA) has conducted various programs in collaboration with the District AH & Veterinary Officer, Jowai. , Head.
Regarding the beekeeping industry, they explained that the Horticulture Office has a department known as Apiculture and this department is responsible only for beekeeping and if the public applies, they You can get the help of ksing, equipment to remove the umngap from the rew ngap and to clean it.
Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla on Tuesday inaugurated the 10-storey office of the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB).
The Mait-Ti Society would like to express its gratitude to Bah E Kharmalki (IAS), SDO Pynursla Civil Sub-Division, BDO Pynursla Block Shri Gautam Warjri (MCS), BDO Pynursla Block Shri Gautam Warjri (MCS), BADO Pynursla, CHC Pynursla, Pynursla Police Department, Rangbah Shnongs, all the schools who came to take part in this program and all the well-wishers who He encouraged the Mait-Ti Society to continue doing good works in the North East Pynursla.
He said that if the song-II cannot start now, it will be very difficult to complete within 18 months.
At present, it is reported that the old Sohra rain has started to come back, and since the 1st July, the rain has been falling continuously in the village until now.
On 5th November, the STF arrested a man named Md Sahanoor Islam for smuggling counterfeit currency near the ISBT bypass, Guwahati.
The NESO said that these residents have been arrested on the grounds that they live in the Reserve Forests but the truth is that these residents have been living in this area for decades.
At the ceremony of blessing the church and school, the Bishop welcomed and praised all those who attended the ceremony from the Rangbah Shnong, the residents and the faithful of the various churches of this village and all those who came from different villages of the whole area.
However, is it because they have a secret agreement with the BJP,” he added.
“Just as you gave Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Mizoram and Nagaland, so we too want to get the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and all these demands of the people should be implemented,” he said.
For example, the DoNER Department used to spend only T.3,000 crore, but this year through the PM-DevINE Scheme, the allocation has increased to T.3,000 crore. to Rs.6000 crore.
Shillong, July: Hundreds of supporters of Bah PT Sawkmie today joined the UDP, Mawlai Circle.
Shillong: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced the polling day for the 23-Sohiong Constituency on 10th July The counting of votes will be on 13th June
Ladthadlaboh SC beat Khimusniang 3-0 in the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Friday.
He is also a talented child and loves to play football and has played for the Delhi team (for children under 14 years) in the Subroto Cup against of Uzbekistan.
At the meeting, the teachers demanded that the MBOSE should make the right arrangements if it wants to conduct the Class IX examination itself, but if it cannot ensure that it can conduct the examination, It is better to hand over to the schools to do whatever is necessary.
Many groups have expressed their views through the media and some like the UDP have sent a letter to Modi but their request has not been responded to. their.
Another important part of showing that we are truly patriotic is that we must have a spirit of love for ourselves and respect for others.
“The people should look for these candidates who hold two positions,” said Ampareen in her speech in Mawsynram.
Those who have been coming and going from the affected villages in the past 14 days will have to undergo Medical Screening and self quarantine.
Speaking as the Chief Guest and the donor of the renovation of the hospital, Dr DD Lapang said that it is part of the memory of the good deeds that the hospital has done for the community and especially for the hospital. to his house when his wife was in labor during the birth of their first child.
Other patriarchal ethnic groups are quick to join forces with other ethnic groups, if they do not think of fighting strongly in their own society.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU), through its Education Cell, on Thursday met with the Secretary to the Education Department, Ambrose Ch Marak and submitted a petition on the urgent issues faced by the youth. read that you meet.
Ibalarisha L Nonglait 28kg Female
According to a statement sent by the leaders of the VDPs of the three villages, they said that the reason for the closure of the area is based on the findings of the VDPs that many of them The tourists have caused the area to become unclean, mainly through the spread of bottles, plastic, and other items.
Prophets came into the world to take on the duty and responsibility to prophesy, to organize, to be the voice of righteousness and truth, to instill hope in the people, to fight and to accomplish miracles for the sake of save and set people free.
Sports Secretary: Samla Mewanteiskhem Mawïong8
Lajong have scored seven goals to become the first team to qualify for the tournament.
Jowai, March 05: The Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy 1st Division Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai on Friday at Nangbah Stadium. Stadium, Northeast Jowai.
This reckless behavior of the government clearly shows that it does not care about the people of the entire region.
Thus, the word KHRONG has many pronouns.
“Now every government department has to have a roster system not only from now on but from the date of implementation of the Reservation Policy in the country. "Therefore, the government is currently considering and preparing this Roster System and various government departments are considering how to implement it. said the Symbud Prime Minister.
The HYC congratulates the State Government for taking all the necessary measures to prevent the spread of this disease, but the HYC urges that it should strengthen and take other measures to prevent the spread of the disease. The coronavirus is spreading.
“We strongly warn the GSU not to interfere too much in the land issue and we understand that this is the beginning of their efforts to create ethnic differences,” said the statement.
He said that the International Tourism Mart has been important to open up the tourism opportunities in the North East, by showcasing the unique identity, heritage and customs of the region. origins and materials and is a hub where those involved in tourism can connect with international as well as domestic customers.
When the rain is needed and if it comes, the farmers are blessed.
It is also a time to look at people, a time to stir up trouble among the villagers, and a time not to spread and spread even from house to house.
Shillong: The Shillong Sports Association (OCB) on Saturday announced that the second leg of the OC Blue Shillong Premier League will start from the 3rd of July. The first leg of the league will be played between Shillong Lajong FC and Rangdajied United FC. The first leg of the league will end on the 27th of November. Mawlai SC has played well in the first leg and has been confirmed to finish the first round of the league as the top team in the points table.
The new cases include EGH: 2, EJH: 13, EKH: 255, NGH: 03, RBD: 28, SGH: 7, SWGH: 7, SWKH: 16, WGH: 40, WJH: and WKH: 67.
Shillong: The Government has convened a meeting with the North East Petroleum Major Union (NEPMU) at Circuit House Nongpoh on the 29th of this month. month.
“We would like to express our special thanks to the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and the Minister of Tourism Bah Paul Lyngdoh for their support and trust in Shillong Lajong FC. that we can contribute to the development of Meghalaya in terms of sports.
The festival will be held from 3rd to 6th October at the Soso Tham Auditorium.
In the 34th minute, Mawlai SC scored the third goal for Robert Khongriah to take the lead 3-1
The total number of recoveries has risen to 725 including 40 recoveries today. The number of samples tested is 44,695, the number of negative samples is 42,700 and the results are still pending. There are 460 of them.
The UDA, which has 19 MDCs, has won these seats after the Congress, which has 10 MDCs in the opposition, has not nominated a candidate for these seats but has resigned.
They included MPCC President Roshan Warjri, Rowell Lyngdoh, HDR Lyngdoh and others.
At its recent meeting, the party has renewed its office bearers and appointed Bah Andreas Nongkynrih as President, Bah Kitbor Ïawphniaw as General Secretary and Bah Kitbor Ïawphniaw as President and Chairman Finance. Dominic Lyngkhoi, Asst. Finance Bah Jubinal Rymbai and Disciplinary Secretary Bah Lakhon Shylla.
The Supreme Court said Bhushan's writings were unfounded and fell under the rules of criminal contempt. who has been in the business for 30 years.
The training was held at the Dorbar Hall, Saitsohpen, Sohra where the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly who is also the MLA of Shella Dr. Donkupar Roy was the chief guest in the presence of Bah AS Mukhim, BDO Shella Bholaganj C&RD Block, JUmdor, EAC, Sohra, Dr KB Sahkhar, Deputy Director, AH & Veterinary Department and other officers.
The investigation by the East Jaintia Hills Police is ongoing and the Foreigners Act has been registered.
On the other hand, the members of the Association in one voice said that this inappropriate behavior is an attempt to challenge the work of these lawyers and said that it is not just a violation of the rights of the lawyers. but it is also a violation of the foundation of society.
When inquired, he found that the reason why the MC does not have the money is because she is repairing the school room which is urgently needed which has been destroyed by the storm and at the same time the school authorities are building it. The school also found that the school has to buy water to feed the children.
Police sources said Lamare was arrested after he was returning from Hebron Camp in Dimapur, where he met with NSCN (IM) leaders. The purpose of the meeting was to establish another rebel group in the state, the report said.
Please call the following numbers: Director SELD- +918787545266, +91 8974026462 & 9856985092, +9
" If you have questions.
He said that on receiving information about the incident, the union on the 25th went to the police station to meet the Officer-in-Charge. In the presence of the officer (George Dkhar), the policeman, instead of understanding his mistake, expressed his feeling that what he was doing was right.
After the heavy shooting, the Shallang PS police rushed to the scene and seized two mobile phones and a plate belonging to Shallang PS. The GNLA has again clashed between the SWAT team of Shallang PS and Jimmy's gang in a forest known as Mawmluh Forest. near the village of Riangud.
Most Rev. Dominic Jala SDB.DD passed away in a car accident in Colusa County, Oakland, California, United States of America on 10th March 2019 while on his way to the USA to attend the ceremony. at the ICEL (International Commission for English Liturgy) where he is also the Secretary General of this Commission.
Informing that the BJP has proposed the construction of a new Secretariat in Tura to hold the Dorbar Tlang, he said that although the Central Government has accepted the new Secretariat, the proposal should be sent by the State Government.
“We have had a state for 41 years but we don't have a proper border. If the ILP is implemented, how can we start issuing permits to the mynder?” said Bah Kyrshan War. The issue of border dispute which was held before the election after the incident in Langpih but as soon as the election ended, the border dispute has subsided and the ILP protest has come back. The HPSO is not clear whether if they get ILP, they will treat those foreigners who have lived in the state for many years and who have become residents of the state.
KSU Wapung Unit on 27.08.20 under the leadership of Deiniwan Lyngdoh President and General Secretary Shwari Ryngkhlem distributed food items to 5 families who have to undergo quarantine to prevent the spread of COVID-1
Moodymmai, who tied first, scored 166 runs in 20 overs for the loss of seven wickets.
“For God seeth not as man seeth; for man looketh on the outward appearance, but the Lord looketh on the heart".
The tournament was organized by HANM Mawlai Circle.
He expressed his appreciation to the Seng Samla Shnong Umjaraiñ for organizing this Cleaning Drive, as he said that the Government of India from Delhi has to educate and direct the residents through the Swacch Bharat Mission to be clean by I also asked whether we as the residents of Umjaraiñ don't know how to take care of ourselves and the environment.
The understanding of the people on this important issue has led thousands of children of Hynniewtrep to realize the need to unite in order to achieve their demands and rights.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: U Bah HS Shylla, u Bah HS Shylla, on Tuesday said that while listening to the speakers at the general meeting held at Laitkor today on the issue against MUDA, he urged the CEM of KHADC to appoint N Syiem. “I told Bah Pynshngaiñ whether or not you will give me the remaining T.1.88 crore, because I have only received T.1.12 crore, he has told me that he will give you T.1.88 crore. “ said Bah Shylla and at that time he said that Nongkrem will also receive the same share of T.3 crore which was allocated to one MDC and all the people clapped their hands.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, Symbud Myntri Rangbah Prestone Tynsong said, “Until now, we have not received (any information from the HNLC leaders).
Because it is pleasant in the house of the father, it is pleasant to stand in the house of the children.
Shillong: After the meeting between the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and the Defense Minister of India, Amit Shah, today was not successful. The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (FCO) today called an emergency meeting to discuss the demand for ILP in the state.
“The right to elect leaders is the struggle of thousands of people who have sacrificed their lives, who have suffered for freedom, and it is up to us to fulfill this duty, it is the “It's time for us as the people to hand over and appoint people to rule for five years,” he added.
They are teachings that teach us to know, understand and think of others.
Therefore, the party did not delay and immediately went to inform the MLA and he too has done whatever is necessary and allocated for them and today he has been able to distribute it to the MLA. The program was held at the Community Hall Mawkyrwat.
During the meeting with the EMs together with the Ministers of Trade and Industry, they expressed their desire to make the market a clean and sacred market as it is the blood of the nation. They concluded that after seeing that the Hima Mylliem has not done anything, they have given time to the District Council to take action. They have not done anything on these issues and they will take all the necessary measures to eradicate all the garbage in the market which they have warned that they can also hold protests.
Kriti, who has acted in several South Indian films, feels that Hina's remarks against South Indian actors have affected many people as well as herself and she needs to be warned. on this.
He also urged the sports clubs to turn more to our youngsters when they play in various tournaments, to open the door for them, because if we just wait for them a child who has grown up to play and if we don't open the doors for him from an early age it doesn't make sense.
(3) The rich young man:- I find this in the Gospel of Mark 10:17-2
I would also like to thank all my friends who have taken the time to read this news, and I am sure it will be a great blessing to all who read it.
Recently, HYC President Roy Kupar Synrem said that in a letter from the Ministry of Social Welfare, “Therefore, it can be said that the Lineage Act, 1997 does not prohibit the issuance of ST certificates to applicants who take the jait la. It is not the father or the mother and the marriage to the father by non-Khasi (foreign) marriage is also allowed”.
Raising this issue, during the Question Hour in the House, Bah Ardent said that there have been many people who pretend to be VIPs. so many cases are friends, family or associates of people in power.
“It is the duty of the police and district authorities to ensure that the black money received will be used to deceive the voters,” said Saket in a letter to the DC. Government Minister distributes money A big question mark has arisen whether this money is fairly earned or corrupt money. To find out the truth is the responsibility of the district authorities to investigate and also to “I have reported to the Enforcement Directorate (ED) under the PMLA, 2022,” he said.
Justice HS Thangkhiew, Judge of the Meghalaya High Court and Executive Chairman of MSLSA was the chief guest.
The President of the Rangbah Shnongs of Malangkona Area, Robin Marak, said that even though the area does not exist, the people are facing many problems due to crime and it will be more dangerous if the camp is allowed to be set up. lazy.
Both of them were very happy in their hearts to have such an opportunity to drink with that Bah.
“However, due to lack of funds, the department has allocated only Rs 1.15 crore to start the work, while the Finance Department has not yet approved the proposal of the department.
He said the Trinamool Congress will try to find ways and means to implement this health center as soon as possible as since 2011 until now it has been a long time and also this work and others. Other facilities in this center will be of benefit to the residents of South West Khasi Hills District, as at present almost all the beds in the CHC are occupied by patients.
A day earlier, his wife had tested positive.
We must completely block their power.
The leaves are placed on a row that is not too high from the ground, or on tin tables.
According to the petition sent to the DC, the JAC of the Drivers of Commercial Vehicles at a meeting held on 16th June has taken a decision to suspend the work. They will work with the Government in any case where the Government needs the DC's office to delay in taking action.
The FKJGP took this decision at its executive committee meeting held today at the Church of God School, Mawkyrwat.
Speaking at the graduation function in Mawkyrwat, MCS, Additional Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills, said, “Such programs are very useful for us officers to learn. to encourage us how we can serve better for the community and the state as a whole.
Asaram has always denied that he raped the girl and can appeal against the decision in a higher court.
The MDA government should ensure that there is no leakage in the procedure because it has not yet handed over to the Administrator to run the administration in KHADC. The new thing is that this EC wants to follow up on the work and laws passed by the previous ECs.
Prestone said that security has been strengthened so that the places will be safe for the people and tourists who come to the city.
“The death is not because the food is poisonous, but it shows that there is contamination in the food,” said Bihar Education Minister PK Shahi.
When asked how the supporters of Kimfa S.Marbaniang would feel if he joined the Congress and contested the election again, Nonglang said the All India Congress Committee has already suspended him. four others.
The site for the proposed gate is on land owned by the District Council on an area of ​​28728.88 square meters.
On Tuesday, the Minister will visit East Jaintia Hills district.
The young woman is currently in the Indian military base in Goa.
Hardware stores selected by the Rangbah Shnong to supply CGI sheets, cement and other construction materials will start from Wednesday and Saturday. 9.00 AM to 4.00 PM. Light shops or electrical shops selected by the Waheh Shnong Headman may be open on Tuesdays and Fridays from 9.00 AM to 4.00 PM. Food factories in rural areas outside the Municipal boundary, including those that produce rice, wheat or oil.
“An inquiry should be launched and these people should be arrested who are involved in the illegal mining and trading of coal in the state,” he said.
“Personally, I agree and support the proposal to have a joint candidate from Turabad as well as Shillong Parliamentary constituency.
In a letter to the Registrar of the MNC, the Educational Cell of the KSU has requested the MNC to take action on this issue and to allow the students who want a license to apply only after They have already provided their marksheets by downloading so that their enthusiasm and learning will not be lost.
Through the new technology, the National Center of Meteorology of the UAE, has shown images of heavy rainfall, in which the rain, has hit the highways, in the residential areas of the country. in Ri.
Speaking during the election campaign in Jalaphet, East Jaintia Hills with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Sniawbhalang Dhar, Ampareen said, “I will work with the Dolloi and Waheh Chnongs to understand their problems and to bring about inside Parliament"
The residents said that the money was donated to Bah Nit to buy tynghung pynsawa to explain around the area about the government's law and also to help him with the purchase of fuel. .
Bah Aiban Dewkhaid, 45, of Kenbah Malai, on the 10th of June, 2023, has been arrested on the Dhoi river in Kenbah Malai. Mawsynram constituency, has made it difficult for the village authorities to pull the body of u u because the night was long and cold.
He said that the Council has used the money properly through the contractors, but till now no contractors of JHADC have been found. MDC Phasmon Dkhar said that JHADC is one of the contractors. He said that in 2016, the Council received Rs 33 crore 57 lakh and the JHADC used Rs 97.8 crore. present till August 2020, from the Grand for 2017, 2018 has received Rs 10 crore 75 lakh 90 thousand and 85 percent has been used, while the recently received for 2018, 2019 is Rs 16 crore 72 lakh thousand and this is in the process of being implemented.
Shillong: On Tuesday, November 8, 2021, at 5 pm, a Maruti Zen (AS 01 N 3251) collided with a Bolero Pick Up. AS 1 HC 2790, heading from Lumshnong to Khliehriat.
Therefore, the BJP candidates have to work hard as they are being monitored from Delhi.
Earlier, the Punjab government had allocated T.60 lakh for the relief of the Sikhs, whose property has been destroyed. The Punjab government has decided to visit Shillong to see the damage caused to the Sikhs by the July 2018 riots.
The District Sports Officer, Jowai will hold a tug of war for women as part of the celebration of International Women's Day
According to the Minister of Forests, the government cannot build this department at present because it needs a lot of money to pay the salaries of the employees besides the office requirements.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister of Tourism, Meghalaya, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that PM Modi took part in the inauguration of several projects at the meeting which was held virtually. Krangsuri Falls, Mawmluh Experience Center and Sohra Waterfalls Trails.
The arrested were identified as Kesop (31) of Mawlai Mawdatbaki, a member of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC).
Think carefully," he said.
On the other hand, Bah ML Wanshong congratulated the project Team for their hard work in conducting this training program for the earthworkers including the inspection of the sites. Siliguri and Varanasi which helped them to gain further training.
This was the way of electing the kings and priests of the Matabar in the past.
Neesta Feeco Bamon scored 3 goals, Sumarbha Bareh 11' and Ioanis Suchen 90'
Shillong, Jymmang : The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District today organized a The SHG Mela Cum Financial Literacy Camp was held at Tirot Sing Memorial Secondary School, Mawkdok in the presence of Bah Gavin M Mylliem, MLA as the Chief Guest and Kong I Laloo. , DC East Khasi Hills as Chief Secretary.
He said that the Prime Minister himself has already made it clear that this misuse of vehicles cannot be said to be a scam or a terrible corruption.
He said that there are candidates from other parties who want the UDP ticket and have announced that they will get the ticket, but the UDP ticket cannot be obtained by buying or misleading the people just for the sake of it. not good.
The visit to the market came after the state government set up the Directorate of Food Processing to boost income especially in agricultural products.
According to Bah Rishan Nongtri, President Patharkhmah Circle, the Patharkhmah Circle said that on receiving information about the presence of these five persons, they arrested them. They were sent to Patharkhmah and when they applied for the documents, it was found that they did not have the necessary documents to enter the state.
God is kind and merciful, unlike humans who are full of hatred for their fellow human beings.
Thus, animals infected with these diseases take about 2-3 months to recover.
People should vote for legislators not for coal traders but for qualified candidates,” said Bah Syiem. and he heard something shalyndet.
This half year is the second of what is known as the 42 months or 1260 days of the 7 years or “the last day” Daniel 9:2
Shillong, July 7: The body of Major David Manlun, 31, of Madanrting, Shillong, has arrived at his residence this evening after he was shot dead by NSCN militants in a clash. This morning, on the border of Myanmar and Nagaland.
“The union is also concerned that the vacant posts in the College of Agriculture University have been filled by these 7 persons who have been transferred from Imphal. College should expedite the recruitment examination and interview so that the youth who are indigenous people will not be excluded from the employment opportunities that this College has. This is the state,” said Samla Banjop Maring.
Shillong, July 10: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District has issued an order under Section 144 CrPC to ban the use of dynamite bombs and pesticides in water bodies. East Khasi Hills: The killing of smugglers in East Khasi Hills.
The meeting was also aimed at informing government officials on various steps taken by the government for the purpose of advancing development works based on the statistics collected.
You don't have to shongnia or people.
Jowai, Nailur 13 : The U Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy Super Division Football Tournament-2022 was held today at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Dongmihsngi, Jowai.
However, the 10 kilometer road has now deteriorated and has affected traffic and also connects to Shillong Airport.
In the women's category: Angelis Kharumnuid, Airikmen Shabong and Milartita Lyngdoh Nongbri in the 50 kg category; Wandalin Syiemiong, Payal Bhommik and Olivia Dkhar in the 60 kg category; Margareth Pathaw, Aiboklin Rina and Yimri Jagoi in the 65 kg category; Yogesh Chaudhury won the 65+ Kg category.
The award consists of a Citation and a cash prize of 15,000 tyngka.
Instead of threatening, the union demands that their salaries should be paid exactly so that they can focus on the teaching of the students.
Nine Congress candidates, 26 NPP candidates, 14 UDP candidates, six BJP candidates while NCP and Garo National Council have four candidates each.
The claim that the We Card and MYE Card are the new credit cards is not obvious because if these are implemented, Meghalaya will become a country of debt as it happened in the West. Bengal.
The Secretary of the Forum, Rev.Fr.Richard Majaw, said that it is the duty of the residents to protect human life and the respect for places of worship is like respect for God.
Reports said that the Meitei people have arrested and tortured these two women through a fake video or video which allegedly showed that there was a violence against the villagers. The Meitei women lived in the Kuki and in this attack the Meitei women were raped by the Kuki.
There will be 21 teams participating in the 3rd Division this year and will be divided into 4 groups with 5 teams in each group and 6 teams in each group.
However, it should be understood that this is not a business,” he added.
On the other hand, Bah Sohliya in his speech encouraged the school to continue to provide education to the students of the district and at the same time to be an example to other schools.
On the other hand, here in the world and especially in this neo-liberal era, a selfish, selfish and wealthy era, disasters happen and people experience them in other ways. method.
Shillong, Nailar 8 : Dr H Gordon Roberts Hospital has been upgraded from a school of nursing with only two students to a nursing college, said the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. days in the hospital.
They also demanded that the Police Booth should be implemented immediately inside the hospital and the MS said that the Police Booth has already been built and only the Police Department will implement the Police Booth. The union also urges the MS to encourage the staff to be fluent in the language.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma, said that the cost of the construction of the Assembly has increased and the allocation of funds has been revised and approved by the High Powered Committee (HPC).
This road is the Ranikor Nonghyllam Road which also connects the villages of Borsora, Nonghyllam, Nongjri, Rajaju, Nongkulang and many other villages of SWKHD. in the border areas with Bangladesh.
Makeup is available for Suk Thongni.
The purpose of this program is to show that the river does not need to be cleaned because it is still clean, but before it is too late and to be a training for the river. The people of the area use this river in many parts.
The plane reportedly took off at 8.38 pm from Bole Airport and disappeared seven minutes later, when it is believed to have reached near Bishoftu.
The One Stop Center is a place of assistance for women under the age of 18 years in relation to violence or abuse in the home, workplace or community.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah VS Nongbet, Jt.
He said Bill Gates is one of the leading class of global elites which includes the world's leaders and powerful people.
Taking part in the dorbar today, Sanbor said that 30 years ago in a village in Jaintia Hills, a rapist was punished by being thrown into a byrni and tied until he died. sha night.
In fact, SK Sunn said that since 2015, the Hima Nongspung through the Secretary of the Hima, has written to the Minister of Electricity, Chief Secretary, Minister of Revenue, Minister of Labour. Assam has lodged a complaint against the construction of electricity by Assam to supply electricity to the villages of Balakhawa, New Balakhawa, Bernongsai, Akhojinira, Ranibari, Bilpara, Patgoan, Lyngkhung, Herhel, Howla and Jimbrigan. .
He added that if there is a need for the CBI to investigate in the state, the department should not get permission from the state government, but it does not have the right to say that it has been banned.
He said that this scheme will undoubtedly support and boost income in the state.
He also urged the UDP office bearers to take responsibility to carry the burden of the people and added, “This is the time for us to show our work because we are inside the party. government.
In prayer we seek spiritual things through the power of the Holy Spirit who is the Enlightener because the Spirit moves in prayer when we talk to God.
Police have arrested the suspect and registered a case against him under the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing.
Shillong, March 21: U Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today held a meeting with the office bearers and members of the Mawsynram Block Congress Committee (MBCC) at his office. in Nongrim Hills, Shillong.
However, it has wars to fight against its enemies who want to destroy it from the face of the earth.
The court has authorized the police to investigate him for seven days and tomorrow is the deadline and the police will lead him for further investigation.
U Bah Ryngksai, is one of the elders, who loves football and has been playing football for many years now which has attracted many football fans from all over Ri Khasi Jaintia.
Before Meghalaya could score, Goa, who won the toss, failed to tied first and scored 85/2 in all 20 overs.
It is on these grounds that the SSSS Byrnihat Area on 9th June took this step to meet with the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem and also the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ainam Syiem with a letter. They strongly opposed the Mylliem Act 2007 and the United Khasi Jaintia Autonomous District Council (KJHA) to allow the Garo people to become Rangbah Shnongs in Ri Bhoi. (Appointment and succession of Chiefs and Headmen) Act, 1959.
However, what we all, Christians and non-Christians, are deeply saddened and disappointed by is the reluctance and determination of these Christian Churches to stand up and speak out against political injustice.
“At present, we are still considering who will contest so that this time the party will be able to hold the seat again as before,” he added.
The Dorbar Shnong has informed the public that if the VDP Shnong or the residents find such people, the VDP Shnong will arrest them and together with the Shnong Authority will punish them according to the Village Act. .
Shillong: The attendance at the Dorbar of the Hima Mylliem held today at Polo is expected to be no less than 10,000 people and is expected to reach 100,0 three spirits.
Shillong, November 11: The blessing of the foundation stone of the new building for the departments of Commerce, Management and other courses of St. Anthony's College was held today, November 10, Joint Secretary, University Grants Commission (UGC), Guwahati, Dr. Mohammad Arif was the Chief Guest.
The Central Government has proposed to implement two railway projects in the State including one 22km from Tetelia to Byrnihat and one 108km from Byrnihat to Shillong.
Nongstoin: Members and office bearers of the Mahila Nongstoin Block Congress Committee (WNC) today visited the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District. Arun Kumar Kembhavi to ask for clarification on the loss of T.5,000 allocated by the previous government before the special election for women.
If we live in such conditions, do we think that we are living in this world?
Instead of bringing peace and happiness, it has brought suffering and sorrow to friends, neighbors and even to one's wife and children.
The religious leaders of Ayodhya, who are in charge of Ayodhya, have taken action in these days, to offer prayers to the idol of Ram Lalla, in a temporary house. They put a heater and then covered them with a blanket.
“In 2019, we even met with the Executive Member i/c Trade and he promised to do whatever is necessary and the work has come to a halt after the outbreak of COVID-19,” he added.
Not only did they shoot and injure her inside the police station.
Ardent said this is what the VPP has demanded and the VPP has put this issue on the election agenda and the party has followed up, while others are not willing to do anything.
On Saturday, Sarma, who holds the portfolio of health, education and electricity generation, and is the BJP leader from Assam, agreed to ban the use of illegal drugs. la “made in China'.
The Samkhamti Veterans Cup started on 7th March and 16 teams participated in the Samkhamti Veterans Cup. said Sports for Fitness, Football for Fitness.
Bah Mawrie immediately went to Bah Hek's room and said that he would immediately write a letter approving my name.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday said that the State Government has sent a letter to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to take up the inquiry into the shooting death of public in Mukroh which took place on November 22, 2022.
At Madan Malki, I saw those who attended the ceremony were SK Sun MLA Mawphlang, Hamlet Dohling MLA Mylliem, Samlin Malngiang MLA Sohiong, Banteidor Lyngdoh MLA Mawkynrew, Lambor Malngiang MLA Nongkrem. , Renikton Lyngdoh MLA Mawkyrwat, Adelbert Nongrum MLA North Shillong, Latiplang Kharkongngor MDC, Teilinia Thangkhiew, Antonio War, Lamphrang Blah, James Ban Basaiawmoit, and the Syiem of Mylliem Hima. sit down quietly until the meeting is over.
That cannot be done because there is a need for a lot of police and CRPF to patrol the many polling stations in the country.
It should never happen like this.
However, the jail authorities did not do this and took him until 15th July,” said Bah Thabah's lawyer.
The hearing of this case will be held again in three months,” she said.
After the meeting, the delegation had the opportunity to meet with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to discuss how to bring Australia, Meghalaya and India closer together in many areas.
Then the house of Saiphan Shangdiar and his wife, Ri Moit Nongsiej and their children Kerimai, Krimson and Stian Nongsiej.
“It was learned that many of the residents of the area who wanted to take part in the rally had stopped the government bus but suddenly the four buses were stopped to transport the people from these villages because They don't intend to come to this rally against the government,” she said.
“Rida, I don't think anymore... Tomorrow maybe the police will come and arrest your Panah... You understand that now that this has happened you will be in trouble but before you didn't believe anything.
Maieid and other leaders left the APHLC to form the HSPDP.
Behind the hard work there is a great reward.
In fact, the Hon'ble High Court of Meghalaya has made it clear in its judgment dated 03.04.2023 where it has dismissed the PIL of Greneth M. Sangma against the State of Meghalaya and others. .
Therefore, as the people, be wise not to just sit back and wait but to be understanding and think carefully before you do or say anything.
The Niti Ayog is a department of the Government of India formerly known as the Planning Commission.
The deterioration of the transformers in these two villages has caused problems to the residents of these two villages.
Meanwhile, the National Green Tribunal (NGT) has ordered the state government, the MPSCB and the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) to submit their replies within three months.
“Then, let's leave. It's 2 o'clock now, it's getting dark,” said the mother of Marchborn. They left the shop at about 3 o'clock.
And that he kept in mind for himself in the future.
He says, “Delight yourself also in the Lord, and he shall give you the desires of your heart” (Psalm 37:4-5).
Many also say that we should be like Tirot Singh, to follow in his footsteps or example when there are meetings especially those that affect the country and the nation.
Wanteibok Lyngdoh, GS HYC WKHD, said why the Jaidbynriew has declined so much.
He urged that the office should be implemented properly and not just as a seat for anyone.
When asked what punishment the government will take against those involved in the recruitment of teachers, the Chief Secretary said it will be done according to the recommendation of the committee.
Chanmitre was able to turn the ball into the net after the two teammates had a collision.
Finally, the union would like to inform all the residents of Ri Bhoi District, that if they find any Rangbah Shnongs who charge 10 percent land registration fee and village entry fee, they should inform. to the Seng in writing and to explain clearly to the Rangbah Shnongs who have committed this illegal act, concluded the statement.
When there is no more medicine, they will die.
Regarding people with mental disabilities, he said, “It is not for us to judge others as disabled.
But Rida's father did not come.
“In this month alone, the market has had to be closed three times,” said Bah Lyngdoh. He added that on the 6th, the coal traders have blocked the market. There is a meeting called by the KHADC with the Syiem of Mylliem and the HNLC has imposed a curfew from the 14th and 15th.
“I don't want to contest the election against Bah Probin, but the people forced and accused me of being a traitor if I don't contest the election and it made me contest and I won only 126 votes in ", said Martin.
You can mix it with other seed foods.
Irin Chyrmang is the mother of Jowai North MDC Brightstar Chyrmang.
He expressed his gratitude for the assistance of many who have come together to think how to save and preserve this river so that it can be like in the past.
Another politician's newspaper has been cancelled.
Mumbai City's presence of Phurba Lachenpa, Rahul Bheke, Rostyn Griffiths, Mehtab Singh and Apuia is important for the team as they are a strong support to strengthen the team led by Des. Buckingham.
“However, we don't know why some of the leaders in the state want to stop this even the court sees the shortcomings, and the statement of such leaders we strongly condemn.
The Committee has also suggested to immediately improve the environment which has been damaged by the mining of coal and mining due to the lack of funds with the MEPRF. Shillong, Lber 20 : At the step of On Tuesday, 20th October 2024, vehicles heading to Shillong and Mawsynram, Ranikor, have been stopped at Pomlum above Mawsynram after a truck carrying sugarcane heading towards Mawsynram has lost control. in the middle of the road from the count of the beam to the tire.
He urged all parents to come forward to vaccinate their children, in order to make West Khasi Hills District a Measles Rubella free district.
The Khasi-Jaintia have lost 6% to 10% per annum in the past 51 years.
These products are produced through the technology of manufacturing BSVI Eicher – EUTECH6 engines and these engines are extremely efficient and fuel efficient.
Sometimes we feel that all 365 days we have been resting and doing nothing.
In the second half, Freestar opened the scoring for Lajong by scoring one goal in the 65th minute and Donbok in the 85th minute. Jamshedpur couldn't score anything.
Besides, Bah Pala said that they will decide who will join the party.
Speech was delivered by the Chief Guest Bah D.Rapsang who is also the DYC. On the other hand, the Chief Guest Bah D.Rapsang stressed that it is necessary for the youth clubs to join hands with the youth clubs. NYKs to bring about the benefits and development of youth clubs in their working methods and also explained the needs that youth clubs need to join NYKs.
Laitkor SC and PFR Academy continued their second victory in the Women's League tournament organized by the Shillong Sports Association on Friday at the MFA Stadium at Third Ground, Polo.
She said that the deterioration of this road is due to the overloading of vehicles which the government has not done anything about.
The incident happened at 7:30 pm last night, when the woman was about to pay for the shopkeeping money, which she had to pay to the bar. state.
The union also urges the Meghalaya government to take action on this issue as it shows that despite the border settlement between the two states, Assam is still owning the Khasi villages everywhere. the land is not on the border.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Congress Leader from Nongthymmai, Charles Pyngrope said that the party is ready to contest, but it cannot talk yet, because it will have to listen to the voice of the Block Congress. and Shella.
There are many shortcomings in this policy.
Shillong, July 16: The Union Minister of State for Textiles, Dr. Kavuru Sambasiva Rao today inaugurated the National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIST) in Delhi.
I don't want to mention many examples but because they are our leaders they act like young people who have love for their fellow citizens. Which leaders we shall appoint to the public service whether they are Rangbah Shnong, Sordar Raid, Doloi, especially the people elected to make laws.
On receiving a tip, the police have launched a search operation to search for both of them and found the bodies lower down the river. the remaining were handed over to relatives.
Immediately after the incident, the Assam Police fled into Karbi Anglong, and in the speed, an Assam Police vehicle fell into the river.
Besides, they also met with the heads of Income Tax, Narcotics Control Bureau, Excise and others.
Bible scholars explain that the account of the resurrection of the dead in the book of Ezekiel does not refer to everlasting life, but it points to the deliverance of the Israelites from Babylon.
“Due to the heavy rains that have caused floods in Sikkim, most of the equipment and ammunition of the army have been washed into the Teesta River.
Media reports also said that the Myanmar army has allowed Indian troops to conduct insurgents within its border in the coming days.
Police received information about the bomb from the villagers and immediately rushed to the scene and seized the unexploded bomb.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Stelin H.Diengdoh, NPP candidate from Mawkyrwat Constituency. 2023 MLA Election.
The Government of Meghalaya has decided to build a number of parking lots in Shillong.
The government has appointed a full-time DGP after the retirement of the former DGP, SB Singh. claim.
On the opposition side, Agnes Kharshiing of CSWO, Angela Ryngad of TUR and Bantei Rumnong of Seng Khasi.
The challans for the sale of the 76,000 tonnes of goods are now at the office of the Mineral Resources Department of the State Government. send the property which has been reported to the court.
The Climate Warrior, who has been appointed as the spokesperson, wants to take action on what has happened to her and wants to change the mindset of the residents in the future. country.
Jak went to the Dorbar Hall.
Referring to the upcoming elections, the MLA confirmed that the NPP will be able to rule alone in the upcoming elections, as the party has 35 MLAs including 17 from Garo. Hills and 18 from Khasi-Jaintia.
Shillong: The Federation of Khasi States (FKS) today submitted a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, urging the MDA Government to take action to discuss the Instrument of Accession and Annexed. Agreement dated 17th April 1948.
The victim was identified as 28-29 years old, white skin, 5.7 feet tall, wearing a blue jacket, blue T-shirt, blue jeans and blue track pants.
When we turned back to the GOVERNMENT, we saw that the Mynder, the police, the offices, especially the banks, were filled with Dkhars.
However, as the days went by, Bah Charles found that many of these species of flowers have begun to disappear from the area and this has stirred up the mind of the old man to think how to do. to preserve such species of plants which have begun to disappear and on the part of this man he collected these orchids which he got from the forest and brought them to plant and raise in the grounds of his own house. where he started doing it in 2008.
In 2018, the union had prepared a petition to submit to the Minister of Education, but they have not been able to meet with him despite many attempts to find or meet with him. where they just had to submit the petition through his PS.
He said the CLP may meet on Tuesday or Tuesday.
According to police investigation, the suspect was found to be a resident of Vishakapatnam in Andhra Pradesh.
And what we are really proud of is that in the way of counting the tribes, it is also very sacred and they are still strengthening this covenant even before the man of God.
He said that the suspect came by plane to Guwahati and from Guwahati he came by car alone with the driver and the driver is from Assam. and this man from Umroi was the only one who came by plane.
On 29th June 2019, Jammal, 65, from Zungalpora, is not in good health and cannot go to vote, but he confirmed that from his house, they should go. thep vote.
For example, Morarji Desai and Chavan accused MRs.
Between 1897 and 1916, the British rulers brought Indian workers to work on the fields in Fiji and these workers worked as slaves of the British merchants.
Earlier, JACATAM teachers had decided to take a public holiday on the 3rd of November, followed by a dharna across the state on the 4th of November.
Jagannathan said there are nine types of activities that require immediate attention: changes in the law and the implementation of the law; administrative reforms; innovation in defense operations as we are now likely to see these ‘hot wars in cold climates’ and the use of AI in warfare; amendments to the Constitution requiring a Constituent Assembly; reforms in electoral processes to reduce corruption; social reforms, the integration of the Indian movement in terms of the country’s structure and; the separation of powers between the Central Government and the State Governments.
After leaving the lumpung, they went back to the party house in Mawkhar where there was a mastieh dance.
He congratulated the employees of JMB that despite the loss of salary for many months, they have not forgotten their duty to fulfill their duty to serve the people despite all kinds of difficulties they face.
At the same time, the Governor also congratulated the USTM for publishing 96 books and 222 research papers which have been recognized across India and the world. whole.
It is learned that during the hearings on this issue, there are some coal mine owners who want to measure the coal exactly and allow the coal to be transported from the coal mines.
“Regarding the meeting of South Shillong MLA Bah Sanbor with Bah Paul yesterday, we don't want to say that it is his feeling. but on our part we say that those who are entitled to receive it will receive but those who are not entitled to receive it and those who leave the District Council should be punished. to open the door for our Khasi children to earn a living.
The leading and lagging issues are the rough roads and roads, the broken bridges and there are many places where there are no roads or adequate roads ( and or lack of connectivity), poor facilities and quality of education, poor health facilities and quality, unclean drinking water ( low quality drinking water), interrupted power supply, lack of employment facilities and food insecurity.
Soolangki Laloo December 29, 2020 “U Kiang Nangbah” stands on the basis of righteousness, courage and truth to fight against the enemies who come to invade, attack in these hills, our beloved areas, like u A leader who has responsibility for the country and the nation, does not want his eyes and ears to see or hear the insult or suffering of the people of the country through the violence of the authorities. (English).
Besides the chief guest, the office bearers of SSS Jakrem, Jakrem Sport Club, the Myntri Shnong, the elders, teachers and the public were also present.
We the people strongly condemn this behavior of the police of Dawki PS.
It will also be different because once the people are liberated and the markets, factories, coal mines etc are opened, the influx of foreigners will be terrible.
The program was organized by the Song and Drama Division under the Information and Broadcasting Department of the Government of India.
Mairang, Naitung 5: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today inaugurated the office of the DTO. .
Jowai, Nailur 23: Hundreds of students of Marian Hill Higher Secondary School today marched from the ground floor of the school to the District Library to use the footpaths as part of a campaign to raise awareness. to those street vendors who make the streets, as their places of sale.
The village authorities immediately informed the Ladrymbai Outpost Police Station and the State Rescue Team, Shillong to help recover the body.
Replying to the demand of Voice of the People Party (VPP) President Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, Martle said that the idea is like chasing a sword, while it is chasing.
Subodh Kumar Singh, Inspector, Syana Police Station, was killed in the stone throwing incident and was shot dead by heavy weapons.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shillong Unit today held a meeting under the leadership of Samla Enlang Sawian Asstn.
“There should be close cooperation between the PHE and the Water Resources Department when it comes to the need for drinking water, so that it does not cause water shortage,” said Dr Jemino.
Hasn't that destroyed the nation? Para ri, do you think that the rank of leaders will decline? Or do you want them to improve like other government employees and school teachers? Our leaders must be intelligent, knowledgeable and qualified so that our country can develop rapidly in many areas.
He said that this confusion is caused by the lack of management and the differences in the working methods.
Shillong, Jymmang: The Youth Hostel Association of India-Meghalaya State Branch on Saturday elected its new office bearers for the three year term 2022-2 you union.
The victim deposited the money in the bank account sent by the man, but it was kept for the purpose of getting more money for his friend, who demanded it from many. They have been arrested for allegedly stealing money from the United National Anti-Terrorist Clearance (UNTP) and others, police said.
“Until now, I have not been informed or the BJP leaders on the demand of the BJP Ri Bhoi unit to remove him as the party leader in the state,” he said.
On the demand of the people of Meghalaya to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP), he said that the Chief Minister has clarified that the Meghalaya government has not yet implemented the ILP, but soon foreigners will implement the ILP. Those who intend to enter Meghalaya must register first.
Referring to some of the speakers at the meeting, Bah Kynjaimon Amse strongly criticized the social media warriors who are only on Facebook but when it comes to attacking, they fall behind.
Therefore, as a leader of the people, I would like to urge the police department to take action to track down and arrest this thief, so that it will be a warning to others who are afraid to commit such crimes. “It's a good place for thieves to commit crimes, especially in the border area of ​​Meghalaya and Assam,” he added.
Priya Ramani was the first to reveal the truth about Akbar's height and said that when she was 23 years old and Akbar was 43 years old, She went for an interview at a hotel where Akbar was staying and said that it was a meeting with a young man and not an interview.
To direct or advise residents to go for treatment at hospitals.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: Two suspected smugglers have been arrested by BSF troops at Pyrdiwah but these two suspects have turned away and fled. In Bangladesh, these two men escaped from the army in the jungle.
As we are pleased with the progress of the construction of the Dhubri-Phulbari Bridge, which is the longest bridge in India, the 10-mile bridge between Phulbari and Goeragre (Phase 7) will connect the areas of It is located to the east and west of the Daluin border area in Meghalaya.
It is a terrible disease because one person can spread to hundreds of people, but it is easy to cure only if those who already have other diseases in their bodies, the elderly. crows and children.
TMC MLAs from Meghalaya today visited four border villages including Mawiong, Maikhuli, Iongkhuli and Barapthar. It is also after the residents of Meghalaya have not been satisfied with the border settlement that many parts of Meghalaya have gone to Assam.
Our state Meghalaya is a state where most of the men are smokers.
After the fire at the Notre Dame Cathedral, which occurred before the Christian Easter celebrations, ISIS militants posted on social media, saying it was a punishment for God is with Christians.
Your children will ask you why you didn't vote for the BJP,” said Bah Kharkrang.
It is surprising that even when we need to get a Birth Certificate for our children, the parents have to leave, but in this case, even the living person has been told that “He died, and this shows us that there may be something behind it,” he added.
The MPSO members and some of the residents of the area have come out to protest against these trucks carrying stone, on the grounds that these trucks do not think about the problem. The residents of the area have been forced to leave their homes due to the speeding of these stone trucks.
He said that this has not only affected these houses, but also the entire village, as the BDO office will not issue any more schemes until these houses are completed.
On the other hand, Bah Sniawbha visited the stadium as part of his promises on the occasion of the Golden Jubilee Celebration of the West Jaintia District Sports Association. WJDSA) on 22nd June, to raise up to Rs 25 crore for the improvement of Kiang Nangbha Stadium Jowai.
When they arrived at the scene, they saw a police bus parked near the landslide. The vehicle was carrying the State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) and It was seen that besides the ground, there were dozens of mawbah, which had covered the road, in a narrow part, near the quarry, and then there was a long riat. The Rangbah Shnong of Wahlyngkhat, Wahlyngkhat, and besides, the people, who stood in amazement on both sides of the night, because they were blocked and the thnem. Their thoughts on this sad incident.
Earlier, Umthlong and Nongpathaw had a friendly Under 14 match in which Umthlong beat Nongpathaw by 1 goal.
We commend such people who are not willing to leave behind that syrnod of Scheduled Tribe status, and who are brave enough to fight with understanding.
“We strongly condemn this attack, which could put the Chief Minister at risk.
Fortunately, no one was injured in the fire, although it caused a terrible loss of life.
The Meghalaya Pradesh Mahila Congress (MPMC) has demanded that the government should arrest the perpetrators of rape regardless of their position.
In fact, the two were dropped from the first list after rumors circulated that they were fighting with the party leadership.
Shillong, Jymmang 07 : Lumpyngad CC on Tuesday beat Cluster CC by 29 runs in the Shillong Cricket League (2nd Division) match.
Speaking to reporters, the Chairman of the Living Root Bridges Foundation, Morningstar, said that the government has done a lot of good in this regard by bringing in consultants and experts to train them. to explain the planting of jri bridges who do not know what they are because the planting of jri bridges, was the wisdom and knowledge of their ancestors in this Khasi country especially to the alloy to the riwar.
But if it is not, it is better that we prepare.
Aditi Gopichand Swamy, one of the country's youngest shooters, has scored 711/720 runs in the 72-round Compound Championship. .
Shillong: U Bah DD Lapang today said that he will not return to Meghalaya after being informed that Rahul Gandhi and Sonia Gandhi want to come to Meghalaya Bank to meet him. he.
After the incident, Congress supporters started protesting by holding placards, 'Khaddar rule is dangerous' along with slogans like 'PM Modi Murdabad' and 'Rahul Gandhi Zindabad' MPCC Vice-President L.Tilotama Devi who has taken the lead in marching forward without hesitation despite the police ban.
The group was led by Pynkhraw Kharjahrin and Wallam Syiemiong with the participation of youth, elders and women.
When the world was asked, and discussed the story of this violent marriage, the word came out that they should be called “Tang Jait” so that they can get the full rights of their identity. the sons of thousands of Hima.
The Association's flag raising ceremony was held to protest against the illegal employment in various departments of the DHS. join in to encourage support.
For more information please contact Ma Teddy Laloo, Sports Secretary (M)
The BJP South Shillong has also said that this action of Bah Hek has exposed his scientific schemes to divide the unity between the MDA government and the NEDA led by the BJP and the UDP. you are a member.
He said that the present government is weak and cannot govern well in all aspects.
“The decline in education in the rural areas is due to the fact that the teachers who should teach do not go to teach. Umroi MLA George B Lyngdoh said, “When we look at the results of the MBOSE, it is time for us to turn our attention to the schools. which are run by churches have improved in the teaching methods and the good pass rate of the students testifies to that.
To all people, there are no limits.
However, it is up to those in charge of the government whether they will provide assistance or not regardless of who belongs to which party and who supports or does not support during the elections.
Higher Secondary School,Williamnagar16 179996 Churchild A Sangma Garo (Elective) 82 IIMendipathar College,Mendipathar17 166375 Abhilasha Alice Khongshei Geography 91 ISt.John's Higher Secondary School,Shillong18 HindiU8 Sunita IIle 1650 long19 162272 Naomi Chiin Hau Niang Zou History 87 IBissau College,Shillong162406 Amika K War History 87 IAuxillium Girls' Higher Secondary School,Shillong20 163276 Evelyn Rishalet Laloo Home Science 89 ISt.Mary's College,Shillong21 167078 Embhaher Higher ssion D 5 rally22 160664 Baggio Muktieh Mathematics 42 IISynod College,Shillong23 163181 Zoremsiami Mizo (Elective) 75 IIMizo Modern Higher Secondary School,Shillong24 160147 Rosita Sohkhlet Nepali (Elective) 79.Shi64 Kaloso25 College IIB. phy 95 ISt.Anthony's Higher Secondary School,Shillong26 166370 Vito H Political Science 91 ISt.John's Higher Secondary School,Shillong27 162786 Pyndapborlang Syiemlieh Statistics 50 IIShillong College,Shillong.
The village that wants to enter Meghalaya is Baikam, which has 37 households.
Jowai, Naitung 27: The 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy 2nd Division Football League Cum Knockout Tournament-2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today at Jowai Nangbah Stadium.
Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Council, Ambadas Danve said there have been demands to discuss and consult with the government on the issue of farmers but the government has not done so. therefore the Council had to stop the discussion.
Shillong: When contacted by Rupang reporter, Bah Jambor War, MDC of the UDP, who is also the EM of the KHA DC, said that the KHADC has agreed to do so as a protector of the land. deiti to fulfill the duty assigned to it.
Rymbai Elaka is one of the oldest and largest Elaka in Jaintia Hills, with 33,354 inhabitants and 5728 households according to the 2011 census.
The dorbar hall was built at a cost of Rs 57 lakh with the assistance of PR Kyndiah (Rs 3 lakh), Moonlight Pariat Rs 3 lakh, Sports Department Rs 18 lakh and Sports Department Rs 18 lakh. two MLAs, Dr. RC Laloo 7 lakh 90 thousand, Singh Mulieh 1.80 thousand and Andrew Chullai 1 lakh and from the contribution of the villagers, 7 lakh 69 thousand.
Are the roads the mountain buds of the state? The state is in trouble because the budlum does not support it.
Dr Jemino Mawthoh and Bah Paul Lyngdoh have been the most prominent candidates for the post of MP from Khasi-Jaintia.
“As the agency has rejected the invitation to participate in terms of rank, but as a sports team, the country has been in a better position than other teams who have had the opportunity to participate. in the Asian Games.
Shri. Fantin Pajat (Head of Lumphyllut Village)
This game with his younger brothers reminds me of less than 3 years ago when he was still living in the village.
Jowai: The North East India Mission Association (NEIMA) in Sahsniang has requested the Prime Minister to provide financial assistance to the children who have been raised and cared for at the North East India Mission Association (NEIMA). place.
Therefore, the union congratulated these players for their hard work in order to win the tournament.
I'm proud of my beloved country, For I'm sure I'm blessed; The blessings of God.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, the Minister said that the meeting also discussed the appointment of personnel in the State NSS Cell and this was directed by the the Government of India as it is the executive agency responsible for the participation of students in various educational institutions of the state.
Police have also seized a vehicle with the flag of the police chief from the residence of the suspect. The vehicle was owned by a light saw.
Speech was delivered by the President of the Seng Kur, Rangbah RO Wahlang, IFS(Rtd) and he gave a warning to the Kur members who attended the meeting.
Shillong: On the 16th of March, 2021; The Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan Shillong (NJK) has conducted a cleanliness drive at Lad Saitsohpen Police Station, Sohra. Speeches were also delivered by the Sirdar of Saitsohpen Elaka, Kong L. Sohkhlet, Block Coordinator of BDO Shella Block, NYV of Shella Block, Bah K. Nongrum and Capt.
We need our own strong home which we can accept as our true home like the Mizos, who have Mizoram”.
The number of farmers is decreasing because they have all left the fields.
After this, Rgh DK Dkhar President Seng Khasi Kmie took part in the lowering of the flag of the Seng Khasi Kmie as a sign of the closing ceremony of the 16th Tournament.
Conrad K Sangma said the state government led by the National People's Party (NPP) has worked hard to ensure that the people of Meghalaya live in peace and harmony.
Look at the fruit,” said the father and ate it.
For more information on the program and payment, please call
Reading War, Chairman of the ECC, said that in a meeting with experts from all over the country and abroad, they said that if only 5 factories are implemented in the Elaka, the people will not survive. process up to 14 of them.
Regarding the COVID-19 vaccination, Dr Mukul Sangma strongly criticized the government for the lack of medicines and for people aged 18-44 not being able to register for vaccination through online mode.
Meghalaya's fall came after they lost 39/2 to 76 runs.
The incident took place in Amroha district of Uttar Pradesh. The bride and her family members were waiting for the groom to arrive, but the bridegroom was not present. On the same day, it was reported that the message was deleted because the writer was too late to chat on WhatsApp.
Byrsat also criticized the Congress government for saying that during the 2013 to 18 elections, they wanted to introduce the Village Administration Bill (VAB) but they could not because they were fighting with each other. while the NPP government has been able to pass the Land Act which is more than 100 percent.
This is after the Assam police have continued to harass and search even the village leaders, after the signboard of Assam which crossed the border into the village forest of Umsaw Lumdorbar was destroyed by these villagers. a few days right public.
I express my gratitude and appreciation to all those who have fought to protect the nation from any injury.
Shillong, July 10: The four matches of the Under-16 Boys Football League 2023-24 were played today.
The Siliguri-based team has reported that there are currently about 200 jobs at the Peugeot 208, Citroen C3 factory of Stellantis, Slovakia at a salary of about 63,000 to 72,0 You don't have to pay more if you work harder or smarter.
They also said that wild elephants have been in these areas for about two years.
Shillong, July 12 : The Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBA) has selected nine boxers and two officials to represent the state in the 6th Youth Men National Boxing Championships. to be held in Sikkim from 13th to 18th July
Others said that the Khasi chickens are very different from the Kuroiler and Broiler, because the Khasi chickens, if fed only in the morning, do not grow well because they can withstand the rain. heat and cold and once the house is built properly they don't die.
Whether the Congress which led the government in the state has arrested or not the former CEM of JHADC Ma Madonbai Rymbai who is also the MDC of Khliehtyrshi-Sohmynting constituency has been arrested for embezzlement of public money. 1,18,50,000/- including Discretionary Grant (DG) of T.66 lakh and Gratuity Relief of T.52,50,000/-. or those involved in the 'white crime' investigated by the CBI? JYF President P.Majaw said: “What has the government done about all these corruption cases by Congress members who are ministers under the shatri of Mukul Sangma?
At present, the VPP and KAM have started turning to the old days to seek the support and assistance of the people to contest the election.
When asked about the issues that the VPP intends to address, the vice president of the VPP said that there are many issues which are important issues in the society.
We have also introduced a scheme to strengthen the income of women through various means in collaboration with Self-Help Groups,” said Conrad.
After we got the opportunity to work inside the Toll Plaza, we wanted to work and we waited for the invitation from the management of the company, to be on duty inside the Toll Plaza. , but when they don't call we can't do anything.
According to sources, the Khasi youths who were injured by the robbers were identified as Phershan Roy Myrthong, who was not arrested. He is still in unconsciousness and is undergoing treatment in the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) of the Super Care Hospital, Shillong.
Driving unions from all over the country will come to participate from Jaintia Hills and Khasi Hills which has reached more than 45 driving unions from East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills alone.
Now we are in the midst of difficult times, times of wars and others.
This season, up to 14 clubs will participate in the tournament which will be divided into two groups of 7 clubs in each group.
The office of the lawyers burnt down on Saturday night in a blazing fire which destroyed all the documents, uniforms of the lawyers, the library and everything inside the office. office building.
This incident has increased the sorrow in Rida's soul.
Speaking on the occasion, the Director of Jaintia Hills Development Society, Father Manbha Pakem, expressed his satisfaction with the opening of this testing and treatment centre. Doctors, Nurses and the residents of the village and urged everyone to work together so that this TB testing and treatment center will be of benefit to the TB patients who come for testing and treatment in The PHC is run by the Jaintia Hills Development Society.
He said that the Garo Hills region has enough opportunities to set world records due to the presence of large and beautiful sophans.
The Sein Kyntu Sein Raij 12 Daloi invites all the Sein Raij Leaders as well as the Sein Raij Shnong Leaders of various Raijs and Sein Raij Shnongs.
Because the Prime Minister also believes and says that India will grow only if the states grow together but not only to grow, we need to understand what growth is in all parts of the country”.
“However, the land (near RP Chest Hospital) is no longer in the European Ward.
These companies get jobs worth billions of rupees while local contractors have to run from one place to another to find jobs.
At that time, he also found Sirio-Cardona standing next to Lily with blood flowing from his nostrils.
On the other hand, it was found that the fish market in Ïewduh on Saturday was still busy with the shortage of buyers as most of them were selling imported fish.
Therefore, if the people of the area do not understand, they will face a great problem later on for their children”.
She said that she is proud that up to 17 NCC (Contingent) groups who took part in the NCC Prime Minister Rally have had the opportunity to command or lead these groups. The Prime Minister of Meghalaya as the chief guest and this is a great encouragement to her as a young woman who can continue to set goals in her life as a young woman from Meghalaya to win many titles. she added.
Among the Orthodox and Catholic Churches the season of Lent is a time when the faithful suffer themselves as the Lord has suffered, thus they fast, forget and forsake these needs of the flesh.
The children from North Garo Hills District were visited by the Immunization Officer, District Medical and Health Officer and other officials of the District.
The term of office of this dorbar will end on 6th October
This village, which falls within the border of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, is affected by the floods of the Kynshi River which covers even the roads and paths.
East Khasi Hills Police have arrested four persons on suspicion of involvement in the murder of Bah Omega Myrthong by stabbing him in the head, hands and bread near Umïam Lake.
Farmers have now flocked to Delhi, where many from Punjab, Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan have reportedly arrived in the city to express their protest.
The truth is that all believers are obliged to celebrate that special day because Jesus the Son of God came to die for us all to deliver man from the power of sin. pop, the Devil and Satan.
Messi, who took part in the program along with his wife Antonela Roccuzzo, is the athlete who won the same award along with British F1 star Lewis Hamilton. year 2020.
Another allegation by KHNAM against Bah Process is on the grounds that he wants to become an Administrator in the District Council. and who conspired to overthrow the Rangbah Shnong.
Shillong: The National Students' Union (UGC) has questioned the Meghalaya government on the lack of scholarships for Meghalaya students under the Ishan Uday Scholarship Scheme (UGC). ) to the students of the North Eastern Region (NER).
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) comprising NEHUTA, NEHUNSA and NEHUSU has agreed to meet with the Vice-Chancellor (VC) of NEHU, Prof PS Shukla on Friday to discuss the issue. discuss the nine questions.
Shillong, July 20: Three students of Class IX of RKM HS School, Sohra, including Hakinidahun Suchiang, Porchon Chakma and Ksh.
That's the basic agreement.
The court has ruled against the JHADC for canceling the decision of the Dolloi to hold the elections scheduled for 21st March.
She said that in the state there are not less than 1000 new cases per annum and most of them are from East Khasi Hills and among them most of the cases are males.
The main purpose of Liarkhla Village to release Dohkha seeds in Wah Umtung is after seeing that many of the residents of the village have been getting Dohkha seeds from time to time and this has helped a lot. The people who don't have the opportunity to buy meat, but if they spend time only in the evening or morning, it has helped them, but after the selfish people who don't think about the welfare of the people. They went to destroy and pollute the river by spraying with kharu and various pesticides and now the river has a shortage of fish, so the village has created They went along the road and threw the seeds of the fish into the river.
Speaking to reporters, u Bah Rangphlang said that his main goal if the people elect him as MDC is to preserve the customs and traditions, the land, the culture. The authorities have visited the state and the trading license has been issued. He has seen that the trading license should not be issued in public.
Welcoming Kong Banalari, Prestone said that the merger will encourage him and her supporters especially that Kong Banalari has worked hard and visited every village to ask for support for the cause. Prestone said that from now on, we will become a family and we will work together with one goal to achieve a glorious victory.
Cut 10 pieces of piat and cut into small pieces until they are well cooked, then squeeze them until the water from the piat comes out and then apply to your face.
“The task is now in the hands of the Central Government and we are still monitoring to inform and request the Government of India regarding these two issues,” he said.
She recalled that since July 2014, the Chief Minister has promised to call for talks with all the rebel groups and when the HNLC has expressed its desire to talk peace, the government has promised to appoint ksiang. no for this matter to speak.
The deceased were identified as Bah Marjanki Phawa and his wife Kong Sabianka Lyngdoh who died recently and another identified as Kong Ba Lyngdoh who died on the way to Civil Hospital, Jowai. for the cause of the injury is too great.
Not only that, the quarrying of stones also pollutes the water and causes the death of fish and other aquatic life.
Therefore, the people of our area who live in extreme poverty on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
However, this incident has shown the lack of security and surveillance system for the entry and exit of Parliament which is the 'Temple' of democracy in India.
Congress President in Andhra Pradesh Gidugu Rudraju met with Telangana Leader A Revanth Reddy and congratulated him in Hyderabad.
In the U-17 category, the boys of Assam Rifles Public School beat H. Elias Memorial Higher Secondary School 4-1
In a letter to the DC, the union has informed that Bangladesh has crossed the boundary Pillar 1315,1316,1317 without the knowledge of the land owners. A copy of the letter was sent to Prestone Tynsong, Minister of Border Area, Dr. Mukul Sangma, Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri, Minister of Home Affairs, Shibun Lyngdoh, MLA Hopeful Bamon. Nongstoin, June 27: After the WKHD police seized several weapons of the UPRA and arrested Shallang Police today continued their search operation in the Rongjeng area to track down more members of the new gang.
It is being completed now because the cities of the cities of Israel have been inhabited, the places of refuge have been rebuilt where people from all over the land of Israel have come from all over the world.
and this is the time for you, Iow suk and saiñ iong i hi ki bru.
Besides the basketball tournament, there was also a Cosplay Competition and a 30 Seconds of Fame Talent Show.
Shillong: In the fight against COVID-19 in Meghalaya, there has been a miscalculation between the BSF troops and the Meghalaya government.
When contacted by telephone, the Project Director of NHAI, Anand Singh Chauhan, said that the NHAI has already rebuilt the well. The bridge should be strengthened and the traffic of vehicles should be in accordance with the rules and regulations laid down by the government. new.
During the election, whenever they asked, they gave only a phone, not only when there was a death, when there was a church or a party, they knieh to give assistance and so on.
“At the same time, the series tries to inspire the youth by bringing the stories of people who have done the work that has shaped modern India.
Facebook- – For more information regarding this campaign, please contact:-Elizabeth B Mawlong Campaign Coordinator, Rajani K Chetri, Teacher-in-charge, @gmail.com email: rkchhetri@anthonys.
Families have their role, churches have their role, so I also have my role for the development of education in the area," he said.
The entire building of the college is visible from the Dawki-Amlarem road at Kyrmia Jongïaw, Nongtalang.
Hey! don't be afraid of this kind of sin.
On the other hand, the Union has announced that according to the Constitution, all the Waheh Shnongs in Jowai, shall be the Executive Members of the Union.
The BJP in Meghalaya is no different from the ethnic parties, as it has never won more than two seats in previous years.
In addition, a good building will also encourage young people to seek new opportunities.
Another reason is that many people have complained that the protests for many years have not reached anywhere.
The State Government shall ensure that the electricity supply does not fail; should request the Central Government to provide stronger and lower cost internet so that students at higher levels can receive education in a better manner.
“It's good for you to judge.
This event is sponsored by AVON Company, Canaan Resort.
On the other hand, these Chief Officers of Ri Bhoi District have invited the people of Ri Bhoi District to come and witness this day and also to continue to cooperate in the fight against these crimes. crimes that affect young people, families and society.
In addition, it is prohibited to use PA Systems between 10 pm and 6 pm, and if anyone uses these systems without the permission of the District Magistrate, The authorities shall immediately seize these items.
F.Nongrem, President of KSU Mawkyrwat, said that the meeting decided to demand that the Juvenile Justice Board (JJB) should send for a thorough investigation into the age of Tekstarly Lyngkhoi. believe that he is still a child and should be punished according to the law.
The RCC Bridge No. 54/1, which was flooded near Shymplong village on the 17th of June, is a bridge in the border areas. The bridge has been covered with snow for more than 10 months and this has caused a lot of trouble to the people of the area in coming and going especially It is the only bridge connecting many villages in the border areas of East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong: Members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today arrested two foreigners, one from West Bengal and one from Assam, who were driving a vehicle ML 05H 8575 while they were trying to enter South West. Khasi Hills District.
The baby was found inside a plastic bag and it is suspected that it was eaten by animals as it has no legs and body parts and it has not been confirmed whether the baby is a male or female.
Meanwhile, he said that five persons have been arrested in connection with the incident.
Any Candidates who hold rallies near Panaliar Village will not be allowed to park their vehicles within the village boundary.
We have also received complaints from the residents of the state that the price of rice and vegetables in the state has increased so much that the buyers are surprised but they cannot help, they have to buy to eat and drink.
In his speech, James Sangma congratulated the officers and employees of DIPR who have worked hard for the service of the government during this time of COVID-1 the State.
The Prime Minister, along with the opposition leaders, sang the Beatles song 'Oh my Love'
Shillong, July 12: The Union Minister of State for Ports, Shipping & Waterways and Ayush, Sarbananda Sonowal today inaugurated four major projects to promote AYUSH in the region. Eastern Road East.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Hek said that the main purpose of the Primary Health Center is to provide immediate assistance to the people especially in the rural areas who are in need.
The Director General of Police, Meghalaya, LR Bishnoi on 31st October said that he understands the problems behind human trafficking, the use of technology, cooperation between different states. and law enforcement authorities, including civil society groups, can prevent trade risks.
This year, it was reported that as soon as the rainy season started, the power outage in the area has been excessive, where the residents get electricity only for 3 or 4 hours a day. The villagers said that since Friday last month until today, the residents of the area have not received electricity at all, and have not seen the electricity supply for only 10 or 12 hours a day.
The foundation stone for the implementation of the project was laid by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, in the presence of the Chief Secretary, Prestone Tynsong, PHE Minister, Renikton L. Tongkhar, MDC Teiborlang Pathaw, Commissioner & Secretary PHE Syed Md Andaleeb Razi, Chief Engineer of PHE and the residents of 4 villages.
Although there have been requests from many quarters that Bah Nonglong should contest, he said that even if he does not contest, he will not leave the people of Rambrai Constituency.
Shillong: Police on Saturday conducted a search operation against all the drivers of arshaka and also of vehicles driving without proper documents.
They stayed in Khap-pud.
In a statement issued today, Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, expressed his surprise that the government officials, have implemented this order, even though the Chief Minister, has not done Aadhar himself yet. .
HS Bareh strongly criticized the President of the Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO), Kong A.Kharshiing, for her allegation that these people have acted excessively.
There have been 2,104 deaths today, bringing the total number of cases in the country to 1,59,30,965 and the death toll to 1,84,6
Shillong: The Commissioner and Secretary, District Council Affairs, R Lyngdoh, IAS, Shillong, on Tuesday said that according to the powers conferred on the District Council and on the advice of the District Council, The CEM of KHADC, the DCA has released the list of new EMs of the Khasi Hills Democratic Front (KHDF).
Shillong, Nailar 20: The People's Democratic Party (PDP) has decided to continue its own path and not to cooperate with the ruling Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA). and any political party in the 2023 elections to the State Legislative Assembly.
On the same day, the CEM said that the team also visited Ichamati village to raid the shops of foreigners who do not have proper documents.
On the other hand, the President of the Seiñraij Jowai invited everyone to join the Seiñraij in celebrating this Behdieñkhlam.
The High Court said the Supreme Court had ordered to ban coal mining in 2016, “but illegal coal mining in the state continues to this day and the government has allowed it to go freely. The High Court said that the trucks carrying coal have been transported to Bangladesh under the pretext that it is coal imported from other places.
Pynthorumkhrah Church together with the Senior CE Society invite all Endeavors and brothers and sisters to attend this service.
• What hurts us is that we cannot exclude those leaders who clean the heads of the mynder for one day just to secure a 5 year leave, mostly just to get a lot of supporters these beloved leaders of ours open foreigners to apply for EPIC and other means of recognition as permanent residents.
It will be the first time and honor for the UDP from Meghalaya to have a seat in the Rajya Sabha.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Rishan Nongrum, General Secretary TULBA Central Body.
At the same time, he said that as they know, after the shooting death in Mukroh, the government has strengthened the security forces in Shillong instead of sending patrols to the border.
Nongpoh: Today, some robbers have smuggled drugs into the Wah Khri, which is one of the most famous rivers in Ri Bhoi Sepngi. This river has caused many fish, large and small, to die and fall into the water.
He said he has not yet received any information regarding the damage to buildings or houses, but many crops have been damaged.
Dr. Simon Khonglah of Dawki PHC, nurses Sharmala Tongper, Genconda Khonglah and Venus War, staff of Dawki PHC were also present. Peaceful Swer, Bilinmon Dkhar and Virginia Pohti from Pasadwar Sub Centre.
Thanks go to Science and Technology which has tried its best to bring happiness to mankind around the world.
In Ri Bhoi, the Government should create and re-establish another Civil Sub Division for the people of Eastern Ri Bhoi by upgrading Bhoi Rym to C&rd Block. The Civil Sub Division has been closed due to the distance for the people to reach Nongpoh District Head Quarter for their needs in government offices.
SamagraShiksha, the Central Government's scheme for school education, has been implemented with the aim of ensuring that everyone receives full education.
Furthermore, there were nonline sessions to provide information to the youth due to the reception of previous programs aimed at students to provide information on self-employment.
The protest was supported by the Seng and Groups from Khasi Jaintia Hills.
On receiving information about the incident, the Patharkhmah Police Outpost rushed to the scene for investigation and arrested four suspects. They were charged with the murder of the Rangbah.
Shillong, July 19: Three groups known as Sur Ki Samla Mawlai, in collaboration with FKJGP, KSU Mawlai Circle will hold a rally tomorrow 20th July at Mawlai Bus Stand. Phudmuri at 1 pm where intellectuals especially politicians who grew up and were born in Mawlai will present their views on the Village Administration Bill, 2014 and
U Bah HDR Lyngdoh, who was preparing for the upcoming elections, collapsed while in the middle of a meeting on the 20th of this month, and was taken to hospital but died of his illness. heart.
The farmers said that from 10 byrni of cucumber, the yield is 2 kilos and from 10 byrni of rice, the yield is 3 kilos.
“The incidents in these days have caused the people to be afraid to use the buildings maintained by the Engineers of the PWD Department of the State, lest somehow it leads to tragic incidents,” said the statement. .
“The introduction of the PRIME program has really changed my life, and has encouraged me to trust myself and strive to reach my goal.
Shanbor Rapmai scored the first goal for Umpling in the 38th minute.
Two persons, Pritish Nath and Rabindra Sinha, from Tripura, were arrested in the raid.
The protest started from the Central Library and ended inside the Administrative Block, outside the office of the Vice Chancellor of NEHU. that he was not at all silent regarding the demand of the students.
When Prof. Martin N. Majaw became the Minister in Charge of Revenue of Meghalaya in 1978-79, he banned it.
Badaminot Nongphlang scored the first goal for Jyntru and Donald Nongtri scored the equalizer for Umrit.
It is worth mentioning that the blast happened on the 27th of last month, in which two people lost their lives and about 10 workers were injured. However, it is alleged that the owners of these quarries have not been able to provide medicine for the treatment of some of the victims.
However, if no one comes to comfort him, that person will become so depressed that he will no longer want to live on earth.
He said that the party in the coming days will seek information from the government regarding the preparations for the Common University Entrance Test (CUET) examination centre. This examination for the Undergraduate Course will affect the students who will return to school part-time.
The total number of cases so far has risen to 1,244 with 895 cases from East Khasi Hills, 124 cases from Ribhoi, 115 cases from West Jaintia Hills, 39 cases from East Jaintia Hills and 29 cases from West Garo Hills.
We remember the children of Israel who were not satisfied with what they received.
Although the word Christmas is not written in the Bible, Christians feel the need to accept December 25 each year to celebrate the incarnation of Jesus Christ in a spirit of joy. rejoice in the songs of music, and in the preaching of the word of God.
The participants took the oath of office and read the Preamble to confirm their commitment to the principles enshrined in the Constitution, which is the strongest book.
The incident happened at 2 pm this morning, when there was a strong wind and a dead tree fell suddenly and hit the child who lost his life. his parents and sister who were seriously injured.
However, the Prime Minister said that nothing is complete.
He said there have been allegations that the Council has failed to implement the Trading by Non-Tribal Regulation,
Shillong: The Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASTOM) has launched a campaign to monitor the development of teachers and students in Meghalaya.
During his visit to the city, he praised the city and its residents and urged other fellow singers to come to the city.
Umngei is a small village about 7 km from Nongpoh in Ri Bhoi but is famous for its Sohtrun and Kait among other sohs.
Twenty-five farmers from different villages of Ri Bhoi District and Jaintia Hills, including Thadnongiaw, Umeit, Mawbri, Khliehumtrew and Khanduli.
This is not a tournament for 1 lakh or 2 lakh, but a volunteer tournament as a meeting of the youth of Nongstoin Diocese (West and South West Khasi Hills) who live in Shillong.
Meanwhile, West Shillong MLA Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that the government's encouragement to the youth to set up jobs is meaningless unless it changes the behavior of government officials.
He said that this festival will open the door for the youth of the area to showcase their talents, to enrich the culture and through this festival it will attract more tourists. from the state and from out of state.
Corruption can take the form of stealing money, violating the rights of others, stealing time, lying or deceiving others and so on.
Although the government has laid down the laws and regulations to prevent the spread of this disease in the state, it will not be of any benefit if the people of the state do not have the responsibility to work together to prevent the spread of this disease.
The Congress also has its own tactics and will fight to put forward candidates who are not from its own party by spending money on them just to win the votes to win itself.
The UALA under the leadership of Chairman Novem birth Marak, came to hand over the weapons to their son, which includes 12 AK-47, one LMG, one rocket launcher, one rifle, three pistols, three grenades, one rocket propeller, 20 AK-47 rounds, 10 LMG rounds, and five pistols.
Replying to a question, the Lamphang said that the deadline for completion in November this year will be extended especially since the construction of the dome has been promised to be completed in October this year. year itself.
Dr. Easter Meena Blah, Principal of the College, in her speech said that the celebration of this day is very important, by saying that as buyers they should know their rights without being violated by the sellers. and it shall be clean between the buyers and the sellers.
It is to be recalled that FASTOM has already sent a proposal to the State Government to demand the promotion of Deficit Pattern or Deficit System and at the same time it has proposed that if the Government cannot promote the Deficit Status of Adhoc School Teachers However, it should increase the salary by T.18,000 from Lower Primary to Higher Secondary with a salary increase of 5% per annum.
Avner Pariat has announced that he will contest from the Voice of the People's Party (VPP) East Shillong in the 2023 elections against MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh.
The Minister is on a two-day visit to Meghalaya and will leave for Delhi tonight.
“Since 1947 when India gained independence, the North East has allowed foreigners to invade and settle in and also in 1971 when the war broke out in Bangladesh. tens of thousands and lakhs have entered the Northeast," he said.
Nongpoh, Nailur 05: The MLA of Jirang Constituency, Bah Sothenes Sohtun today said that as the Chief Minister of Jirang Constituency, he strongly opposes the proposal to introduce a casino. Khanapara area which is still within the boundary of his constituency.
About 1124 cows have died due to lack of care.
The DMK is not in the umbrella of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) and is in the opposition.
Musically, he has always been a skilled tonic sulfa teacher.
Shillong: The All Jaintia Poultry Traders Association (ANPA) in collaboration with the HYC, JSM and HNYF has decided to crack down on foreign vehicles selling syiar within the border of Jaintia Hills. without going according to the rules of law.
The Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District, said that they are still trying to recover the body and the investigation is ongoing.
Therefore, we have to create jobs in our villages, in our country with factories, with trade, with large-scale farming, with vineyards to export to the world as we have started to do now with coal, oil, dewbilat etc. I am afraid that the coal will run out within a few years and our children will not get it anymore.
The two Class X students who have entered the Top 20 are Adamewanpynshngaiñ Syiem who came in 16th position with 557 marks and distinction in all subjects.
The VPP 17-North Shillong Constituency has expressed its gratitude and pride to the 32 Karate stars under the banner of the All Meghalaya Karate-Do Association (AMKA) who took part in the India Open International Karate Championship. The event was held in Delhi on July 18, 2013, where they have brought fame and glory to the state as a whole.
All the residents of this village are Khasi and on their part, as the village falls on the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam, they have expressed their desire to stay in Meghalaya or to enter Meghalaya. through the Gift and Take Policy.
The U-17 football team of Saiden Secondary School, which will represent the State in the 63rd National Level Subroto Cup 2023, on Tuesday was awarded with special blessings at the before leaving to take part in the tournament to be held in New Delhi.
“I am grateful to Conrad Sangma for sending it to the District Council and not doing it himself,” said Bah Bindo. , to Bah Titos, for repealing the bill of the Government of India.
He said that the NGT coal ban has severely affected the state's revenue of T.1200 crore per annum.
The top three were honored with a special award.
Not only that, it has been seen in the past few days, that there has been an organization in Ribhoi, which has taken seriously this issue, where it has found, that some of them have received electricity bills, at a price of up to T.5 lakh.
The dead or injured include men, women and children, who were injured in the heat of 31C, many of whom fell to the ground, from the fatigue and burning of the heat of the day.
Many new innovations have emerged in these two areas including trade to improve society and the environment along with the preservation and protection of the environment.
Those involved in the prostitution industry can express their grievances through these groups, including @RotAssociationOfMeghalaya / @KtemAwria, said a statement from I.Kharmuti. , President, P.Mylliemngap, General Secretary & D.Mawlong, Publicity Secretary.
“This appointment is important among our residents in the governance and decision-making processes in accordance with the rules of procedure of the HPC cum headmanship.
The make up artist is Centhia Dkhar, while the song is played by Alia Syiemiong and recorded by the studio of Elvest Thabah.
You can also eat these mixed with fruit in the morning.
In a statement sent by the President of JSM Western Region, Ribok Biam, he said that the illegal and unfounded border crossing of Karbi Anglong has become increasingly evident as the days go by.
The HNLC has threatened to do so by alleging that without the seal of the Minister of Home Affairs, the Police would not have proceeded with their work.
SHILLONG: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has vowed to expel the Bengalis in Shillong if anything happens to the Bengali students in Tripura due to the clash between the Bengali students and the students from other states. The North East includes Meghalaya.
In connection with today's thanksgiving, the suit lama, which is part of the invitation to the gods to come down and bless, to give the blessings. , so that the organization may receive the power of God to carry out its duties as established.
Jowai, Naiwieng 18: Martha Phawa of Mihmyntdu Village, West Jaintia Hills District, has been living in poverty after the death of her father. The household has been selling shops for many years.
How much more so if the questions are different from those given.
Referring to the election of Bah J.Reenbohn as MDC by the KHADC in the special session, the CEM said, “We have urged the Governor to follow the rules and regulations. law before taking any decision.
We request the Vice Chancellor to withdraw the announcement and end this power struggle,” said Dr Rani.
The program was held at the Conference Hall of DRDA in the presence of Village Leaders from all over Ri-Bhoi District. BIS Standard Promotion Consultant in the presence of Pdianghun Marbaniang, District Program Manager, DRDA, Bah S Marbaniang, Addl. District Program Manager, DRDA and others.
These challenges have posed threats to the health and well-being of mothers, children and adolescents.
It was then that some people told us that the house was built with Tangkasiar trees.
On this occasion, it was also seen that there was a display of various equipment related to how to improve the quality of health care to the people especially those in the rural areas. medicine, a drug delivery drone and other new solar-powered devices.
And Nineveh repented.
Nongstoiñ: Police of Mairang Police Station, on receiving a tip, on the presence of several people, from Mawlangtriang area who used to use several firearms and weapons, police said. , have been conducting extensive surveillance in the area.
The KSU also alleged that MeECL has not announced publicly the tenders for any works in Leshka.
Shillong, Jymmang 20 : The Deputy Commissioner of North Garo Hills, Mitali Chandra, has ordered an inquiry and a report into the allegation of involvement of the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) in the illegal mining and trade of coal because he has not banned the illegal mining and trade of coal in Garo Hills.
Many people don't listen to the protocols issued by the government but they start doing whatever they want as they used to do before. you have Carona disease.
Explaining what he intends to do when he comes back to power, Nitish said he will immediately try to unite all ethnic groups in the society, according to Manjhi's remarks after the meeting. Nitish said the JD(U) will sit in the opposition on the day of the dorbar.
Kalyani Diengdoh, son of Miarmon Diengdoh, passed away at 3 pm.
According to the information received, the cause of the fire is still unknown.
“We don't understand how the electricity has been turned off in these villages, especially when it rains and winds.
They were accompanied by MDC Sohra Constituency Donevan Kharwanlang.
All this is after the new construction and improvement of the road from Umrit to Umdu, the two roads before reaching the Umiam-Jorabad Express way. .
They pretend to offer a drink laced with intoxication to the driver.
It was not until 2014 when the NGT banned coal mining in Meghalaya that the factory faced a problem that could not survive completely, as the factory had to be closed down. because of the lack of coal.
On the 14th, 16th and 18th of this month, 34 households were fined for illegally taking light across East and West Khjasi Hills District.
General Secretary Mirajune Myrsing said that if the government does not believe in the ASHAs, they will have to take a decision to stay on strike indefinitely until they get their rights.
On the other hand, the CEM said that this Act will also be a blessing to the people especially those who want to strengthen their ownership of their land.
The meeting was attended by Shibun Lyngdoh, BJP State President Amita Susngi, BJP State President Chaphrang Lyngdoh and other dignitaries from all over the district.
He said the government will also announce the Year of Farmers which may be next year, as this year is too late.
Speaking at the meeting, u Justine Dkhar said that health is a great wealth and it is necessary not only for the rich, but also for the poor, the small and the rich. heh and yes.
The HYC has found that these foreigners have not been informed or entered the village and it is not known where they came from.
Langsning FC, which aims to qualify for the I-League through the Second Division, has signed Bah Khlain Pyrkhat Syiemlieh as the senior coach of the club. you are the son of Mr. Hering.
The restaurants that were attacked include Yues Dumpling Kitchen, Zhangliang Malatang and Maya Hotpot.
The scheme is available to all residents of the state except state and central government employees.
Turn to the true God and drink the water of eternal life that flows from the throne and source of eternal life of Jesus,” urged the Archbishop.
He was admitted to the COVID ICU after testing positive for COVID-19 after undergoing a rapid antigen test.
Fredrick Kharmaw Phlang said that the government should not accept the demand of the Meghalaya Gorkha Ex Servicemen Welfare Association. “If they live in the Municipal Area or anywhere else, they cannot accept that they should ask for their own Rangbah Shnong to be recognized by the government. The actions of these foreigners are only to violate the rights of our people,” said Fredrick.
Police have recovered the body of Pynkhreh Surong under the leadership of the brother of I Love You, Meban Talang from Pommura village near the highway in the forest area under Mawryngkneng Police Station.
Meanwhile, in Tura, the victory of the NPP was due to the decision of the BJP and the NPP to defeat the NPP. Meghalaya won the Ranji Trophy and Vijay Hazare as captain of the BCCI tournament has been awarded the Best Player and Best Batter awards for the 2023-2 .
“After the complaint of the students and residents of the area to the KSU, the KSU on Thursday in the presence of General Secretary, Samla Lurman Talang and others, along with the support of Leaders of the West Jaintia Hills District Unit including the General Secretary, Samla Leningrad Tariang visited the Government School and found that it has not had a Chemistry teacher since October,” said the statement. organization.
The Supreme Court has not set a time limit for the transportation of the coal, which is in the mines, and it may be a decision to continue the transportation of coal from here. chess in the State.
They enjoyed the delicious food, looked at and bought the goods and admired the beauty of the place.
Let us also look at the following facts so that we can judge and understand whether the Meghalaya government wants to curb the influx of high-paid people or whether it wants to release them completely. they? :-(i) As mentioned above, the MUA Government has refused to implement the ILP. Similarly, the MDA Government has expressed its reluctance to implement the ILP. It took two years to enact the MRSSA, 2016 and by the end of its term, it has not been able to set up a single EEP (Entry-Exit Point).
Further east of Lum Mynjneh, there is Lum Sohmyllan of Laitkor.
He said the fourth part is to avoid fraud in the vacancies that have not been filled, and to ensure that the figures relating to Khasi-Jaintia/Garo/other STs who receive The 15% unreserved category should not appear in the reserved category but should appear in the unreserved category along with non-tribals.
“We are aware of the facts that we as the State are suffering from the shortage of Medical Doctors.
On the same day, a letter sent to Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, MDC, Chief Executive Member, Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, on 23rd December 2023 reminding him of the many letters sent to him. On the other hand, the children of the Hima Mylliem.
Therefore, who can trust such a thing? Who can allow it to spread in the streets, on the hills and in the middle? For that reason, I feel that it is right and proper for other villages, districts and residents to oppose the establishment of garbage dumps anywhere.
Speaking to media, Bah Pala said that many have joined the AITC but many will leave soon.
It is a fact that these two roads, which are the most important in the Raid Madan Kyrdem area, have been abandoned for many years.
The Cabinet meeting today approved the implementation of livestock and pig farming in the state with the target of starting this year.
However, during his tenure as Dolloi, the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council or KAAC did not recognize his authority because they did not have the Dolloi rule.
Engineers, women, youth, school children and children took part in the planting of trees.
"Sha kper ..." asked Hep. "Yes.
EPIP I & 11 (Public Feeders) from 9 am to 12 noon.
She also talked about the origin of the being of women and men as studied in gender studies, until they become fully human whether they are women or men. male.
The city of Jerusalem was destroyed and became a desert and it was difficult to start a new life there.
Other athletes include Gloryfy Kurbah (U-21) 800mts, Angelina Jackson (U-17) 400mts, Ribet Dkhar (U-21) 1500mts. to hold sixth place.
We have been demanding ILP for more than 35 years,” he said.
Shillong:The Raid Kongthong Dorbar has informed all the neighboring villagers and all those who are accustomed to killing fish in the rivers within the boundary of the Raid Kongthong. On this day, they are no longer allowed to kill fishermen by throwing dynamite, throwing jars, shooting any kind of pesticides and to set or drink water since the announcement of the news. The Raid Kongthong has already written a warning along the river, so the Raid Kongthong once again warns that if anyone is found violating these warnings, “They will be punished according to the rules of law,” said a statement from Bah Stogent Lynrah, Secretary of the Raid Kongthong Hima Sohra.
He said that the Agriculture Office has announced that it has a plan to open a hub in East Jaintia Hills District, but the sad thing is that it is still a new district. The government does not have its own land to open the Hub, but after talks with the Moolamylliang Dorbar Shnong, the Hub has been brought to his land at Mooklong.
All those who witnessed the incident said that the house of Bah Let is a house of robbery and land theft.
The purpose of the exhibition program is to open up opportunities and also to promote the industry. This is also the place where they can sell their own products and this is also the place where they can meet together, where the talented people can you can also get more advice and get information regarding making your own crafts.
Collin Wanñiang Ms. Patricia Mukhim, in her article (ST 4.10.13) has explained the nature of the nation.
He said the central government will also set up a seven-bed dispensary in the state.
For now, Meghalaya Police have been sent to the Mukroh border to provide relief to the residents of Bapli who have been harassed by others.
The 68-year-old man died of anaphylaxis, a severe, potentially life-threatening allergic reaction, after being injected with the vaccine. medicine to prevent corona virus.
TRADE In our state, the key to income or trade is held by a tall Khar whom we call Mahajon or Kharkaia.
So far, Israel has launched attacks in 800 locations in Gaza as well as in the city of Beit Hanoun.
This Sub Committee is appointed by the Advisory Committee of the Constituent Assembly to promote Fundamental Rights.
However, until now, none of these allegations have been founded and have been found through investigation, and none of these allegations have any basis.
Ukraine has surrendered nine Russian soldiers in exchange for the release of a major from Melitopol, a Ukrainian government statement said.
Explaining many of the issues of the HSPDP, Ardent said that the first issue if it comes to power is to demand Article 371 and this is what will preserve the right to longtrai in the country. soil and other parts.
On the other hand, 11 students from Niamtrai have received this award this year in the SSLC, 3 students in the HSSLC and 2 students in the Doctorate category.
A few months ago, Myanmar troops reportedly came to the same area and raided a timber factory, alleging that it was built on their land. that they had painted all the machinery and building materials as well.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the ADC of Ri-Bhoi, Samla Ferdynald Kharkhamni President of KSU NKHD said that the purpose of the meeting was to remind the district authorities of their demand through the The union has already submitted a petition to the Deputy Commissioner in 2015 to request the district authorities to reopen the Petroleum Depot at Umïam so that if there is any protest from Assam in this regard. and the oil will not affect our state.
The Executive Director has promised to send for the repair of the road in these days and has directed that they can immediately inform the workers if there is any damage to the road.
As we get closer to the celebration of IDY 2023, every minute, every second and every place has a special quality.
Confirming this, Bah John said that he will apply for the ticket from the party in these days before the end of the 15th of this month. your application.
Sponsored by the Meghalaya State Skills Development Society (MSSDS).
"The documents have warned that the plan to attack India is in progress, and it has been predicted that the attack will also target the United States," the source said. "Even if the United States tries to attack with its allies, which it did not know it would do, the Ummah (Muslims) will stand together in this final battle," the source said.
GNLA members, before surrendering:File RupangIt is reported that about 40-50 of these forest fighters have left for the forest and it is alleged that the government is providing assistance only to a few. The GNLA has not given any salonsar and for this reason, it has angered these members of the GNLA.
Not only that, the Seng said that during the meeting with the DC, the Seng did not have the opportunity to meet the Deputy Commissioner, as he was at the meeting, but the Seng They demanded that the DC should take action on this issue and direct all government departments to respect and enforce Rules 9 of the Meghalaya Civil Services (Conduct) Rules. punishment according to the Rules.
Shillong, Lber 31: The State Level Scrutiny Committee (SLSC) has sought clarification from Tenydard M Marak within 15 days. answer in the Committee.
At the opening ceremony, PS Singh, Chief Scientist of NESAC explained the use of these devices.
The Solid Waste Management Rules 2016 stipulate the need to dispose of waste in such a way as to reduce the production of waste.
This is not the first time that the longkmie of the village have come out on this issue.
In this regard, the Union expresses its strong opposition to this statement, because this is the work of the journalist alone, without the knowledge of the fellow Nongsynshar or the general public.
He said the government has shut down the Electronic Corporation Limited (ECL) and there is an intention to shut down the Bamboo Chips Corporation (BCC) as this is only a burden on the government without produce something.
On the other hand, he said that the meeting discussed the proposal of the Central Government regarding the proposal to amend the Sixth Schedule.
As the saying goes, when we live in the city, we have to follow the 3 ways of urban life – that means those villagers who come to study and work in Shillong.
In fact, the examination was conducted by the NTA, and the state government had nothing to do with it.
"KAM comes from the experiences we have had in the various struggles and struggles of the people and the citizens.
In fact, such an issue can only be resolved by sitting in front of the table among the MDCs, said Bah Pangniang.
When asked whether the yatra will have any impact on the upcoming Lok Sabha elections, Acharya said, “It will have an impact but I don't think it will turn into votes. Shillong, July 11 : U Bah Kynjaimon Amse, Advocate of East Jaintia Hills, has led the struggle for the Constitution of the country. He has appealed to the National Human Rights Council (NHRC) to take action against the allegation that the Border Security Force (BSF) has failed to protect the lives of the indigenous people living in the border areas of India. Bangladesh.
In the past, the Jaintia Hills Hills was merged with the Khasi Hills either under Khaddar rule and District Councils as the United Khasi Hills District or District Council.
"Speaking of which, we don't want to create trouble because there is no election, we invited only a few people, but now we have seen clearly that there will be no election, but no order has been issued," he said.
How many feet shall you build to hide yourself?
In the same voice of the prophet we must uphold righteousness and truth in this age.
Diengshynrum SC beat Dkhiah West 3-0 in the final of the Women's League to win the (L) Mary Tlang Memorial Trophy. long at the artificial turf ground in Diengshynrum, Khliehriat on 27th November.
There are 542 recoveries.
“As soon as the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Urban Development comes, they will set a date to discuss this,” he said.
“This is to clarify that the sugar has been distributed to the eligible people through the ration shops in 1 kg plastic bags sealed with the State stamp at the price of 20 tyngka per kilo. price below market value.
“It is worth mentioning here that this is the first time that a notice issued by the Government on the same matter has been rejected by the High Court.
It will remain famous in the history of Syiem Tirot Singh, who ruled the foreign rulers since 1829, before India ruled. like the Sepoy Mutiny of 1857.
Banerjee also expressed her full support to the Indian government for its strong response to China's border crossing with India.
“I feel sorry for those people who cannot see the good and the hopeful and do not dare to set big goals for the people of the state,” he said.
In Delhi, 2,442 new cases were reported today and 61 deaths, bringing the total number of deaths in Delhi to 2,8
Regarding this, the Peitngor Group led by Bah Teibor Dkhar as President and the CSWO led by Kong Irene Hujon as President, said that they will go to the meeting. He also met with the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Latho Manik Syiem and the CEM of KHADC, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit.
The State Government has a clear procedure for procuring sugar from the market through tender, in which the tender is accepted to the company which supplies at a low price and meets all the requirements according to the tender", the statement said.
He was also wearing a blue sweatshirt and a white sweater, a blue vest and blue shoes.
“According to the division prepared by the Election Commission of India (ECI) which I have not been able to confirm, but according to my personal knowledge, there may be only one Lok Sabha seat in Meghalaya,” he said. said Bah VGK Kynta in an interview with the media.
He said that as there are no Panchayats in the state, the government has taken the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) to give their opinion.
Speaking to reporters during his visit to the city today, Gogoi, son of former Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi, said, “I welcome Nalin Kohli's remarks on the issue. the BJP and the Congress in the North East of India”.
Don't do anything wrong to us parents because it's not good,” said the father and got up to burn smoke in the fireplace. It was the first day to start working. “Kong Santi, I feel empty to send her away without coming.
They received high praise for their “Shad Shoh Kba” and “Shad Pliang” which are the cultures of the state at the Embassy of India, Bangkok.
The party would also like to extend its condolences to the family of our Rangbah Leader and wish him a healthy recovery although he is still undergoing treatment.
“However, outside the Municipal, it has been handed over to the District Council to do their own thing,” he said.
“We have played at home and we came to this tournament with the intention of winning,” said coach Igor Stimac a day before the match.
The District Magistrate, Garod LSN Dykes on Friday announced a weekend lockdown from 10 PM on the 7th to 5 AM on the 10th of June across the district.
In Jowai, one of the villages of the city has arrested a foreigner who came to the village even during the lockdown.
This was stated by Rev WP Marsing at the 20th Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod Mihngi held at Barato Presbyterian Church.
It is undeniable that these days many of the students in the state have to face the suffering of unemployment and many of the students who have completed various degrees in various fields of study they have to stay without work.
Meanwhile, the Publicity Secretary of the party, Bah Wankerlang Lamare, said, “On the day of the inspection, the ministers said there were no cows while on the same night, the police seized the cows.
Revelation 1:3.
There are also Central Government departments which conduct various programs to promote the Har Ghar Tiranga programme.
“Meghalaya is a small state with the majority of the population being Khasi, Jaintia and Garo.
During the meeting, the Ministers expressed their deep concern and especially the decline in the price of farmers' products in these days.
The food items seized should be delivered directly to the beneficiaries and this will be monitored through computerized data,” said the head of the food distribution department.
As an elected leader, Dr. Mukul Sangma said that the Congress does not want such border incidents to happen again and that the Assam authorities should respect them. He added that many incidents have happened and especially the tragic incident in 2010 which happened in Langpih.
In a complaint to the Chairman of MBoSE, EP Kharbhih, Secretary and President of the Seng Khasi Mawsynram, Bidi Myrhong and Batistalang Myrthong said that the book is 'misleading' , 'distinguish' and 'respect' the religious beliefs, culture and customs of the Khasi.
Dr Mukul alleged that the Government has not been able to streamline the procedures to curb the overloading of trucks coming from all parts of the State.
Shillong: The Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC) examination for school children started today with 51356 students taking the examination at 143 examination centres. in the entire state.
The State Government has invited land owners to come forward to bid for the construction of a Scientific Sanitary Landfill Site & Waste for Jowai. Processing Center for Waste Management).
These include EGH: 12, EJH: 08, EKH: 107, NGH: 02, RBD: 59, SGH: 03, SWGH: 13, SWKH: 11, WGH: 23, WJH: 59 and WKH:
“The district presidents have been given up to 10 days to complete the discussion and submit a report to the SEC,” said Dkhar. It will reach a final decision after further discussions under the auspices of the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA).
Without elaborating, Prestone said that Pynursla area urgently needs a Government College and a Civil Sub-Division.
Police chiefs explained that drugs are the source of evil in which those who use them become robbers, robbers and other crimes.
The share of rice is 35 kilos per kg, at T.3 per kilo, for AAY and 5 kilos per head, at T.3 per kilo for PHH and then kg per household, at the price of T.12/- per kilo, for Non-NFSA. ), which has been released to ration shops with 5 kilos per head for AAY and PHH categories, for November and April,
Nongrem said that after hearing from the youths that they are facing difficulties, he said that it is something encouraging for them because it comes from the mouths of the leaders themselves. a word that encourages young players.
We take a god who is not worthy of being destroyed.
“Even after the lyngkhot lyngkhai of the footpath has been completed, the Ministry of Tourism has not come to inspect it yet.
People living near the equator, where the temperature is higher throughout the year, have seen genetic differences in their bodies according to the seasons and places where they live.
Due to the lack of doctors at this hospital, the people cannot go to Assam and Shillong for medicine.
The Government has decided to appoint the Council in 2021, but it has remained inactive for the past two years, until the decision of the Cabinet today.
For those who have lost 40% of their limbs, the payment will be T.2 lakh for those under 40 years of age, T.1.00 lakh for those over 60 years of age and T.50,000/- for those over 60 years of age. 60 years.
Bah War said that in the past years there have been youths who want to leave without completing their training and this cannot be stopped and it is up to them and the company has left. him.
Furthermore, if we turn to the customs and traditions of the Khaddar rule, we will find that the traditional rule between the Khasi living in the Khasi Hills and the Jaintia Hills is the same.
On the same day, it was also seen that the village leaders of Bhoirymbong Lumdaitkhla, have come out to repair the damaged parts of the road in Bhoirymbong, as there are many parts of the main road in the village. The village is very bad and the government authorities have not repaired it at all.
An earthquake measuring 7.0 on the Richter scale struck Indonesia's Bali Sea on Tuesday, the European-Mediterranean Seismological Center (EMSC) said on Tuesday.
Therefore, it is said that these three diseases in his body, have caused difficulties for the Russian doctors to treat and cure him in these days.
When we look at these problems, we feel like giving up.
“Four years ago he came to power as the Prime Minister of India and promised many things from the unemployed youth to the farmers who committed suicide due to the huge losses under the Modi rule,” he said. , said Rahul.
He read out the statistics of violence against women in Meghalaya which shows that compared to Uttar Pradesh, Meghalaya has more violence against women than the largest state in India. .
However, it is understood that there was an error in the test, which was conducted at the government testing centre.
Khliehriat: The Anti Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) in collaboration with the Ladrymbai, Lumshnong and Khliehriat Police and the Infil-Check Point Police have been on high alert in connection with the attempt of drug traffickers to smuggle drugs. drugs through the NH-0
Speech was also delivered by the teacher M.Nongkynrih, who welcomed and congratulated the MLA for the classroom and Bah MR Jarain, Secretary of the Youth Wing of Mawlai Nongkwar. .
Besides Sylvester, Chongtre I and Lamare scored 45 runs or 30 balls respectively.
The Chairman of KHADC on the 22nd of this month inaugurated these works.
Donlad Diengdoh scored the first goals in the 46th and 72nd minutes, while Risuk Malngiang scored the remaining two goals in the 59th and 69th minutes.
The KSU expresses its deep sorrow over the passing away of this great man and sends its condolences to the family and prays to God Almighty to comfort them in this darkness.
The union said that the behavior of this person and the relevant authorities has caused panic among the residents who respect and follow the rules and regulations announced by the government.
Later, troops were sent on a ship to stop the ship when it entered the Indian border.
Within 50 minutes of the service, the door opened and President Biden and Dr. Jill Biden came and sat next to me,” said Annie.
What is certain here is that all decisions made earlier will remain as they are.
This was proposed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the 69th session of the United Nations General Assembly (UNGA) on 27th November,
“Perhaps this statement of him (Amit Shah) is not well thought out.
The seven candidates for the 36th Mawkyrwat Constituency include Carnes Sohshang of the Indian National Congress (INC), H. Stalyne Diengdoh of the National People's Party (NPP) and Medalsing Lyngdoh of the Hills State People's Party. Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Sounder Strong Cajee of the All Meghalaya Trinamool Congress Party (AMTC), Bity Jyrwa of the Bharat Janata Party (BJP) and Bah Pynskhemlang Wahlang as an independent candidate.
On this occasion, Nandini Prasad was awarded Rs 25,000 by the President of the Trust, Bah DK Ryntathiang.
The 10 Kuki families have been evacuated to a safer place at Motbung, in Kangpokpi district, about 25 km from Imphal, he said.
Nongpoh: A truck carrying clinker (WB 91 8529), which was on its way to Guwahati, overturned and parked on the NH-6 It is also known as Khongdong Umling in Ri Bhoi.
He said that however, it is up to the UDA to elect the leader because the party with the most MDCs will be able to lead and will go to the UDP. “It will go to the UDP while in JHADC it will go to the NPP and we stand on that basis,” said Pyniaid. He said that the party which wins the most MDCs is the way to lead the EC and as it is now the UDP has won the most MDCs. Shillong: The Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, on Tuesday said that the law should do whatever is necessary without permission. shiliang is the one who is the greatest.
Shillong, July 21 : The Government of Meghalaya has now included the Retina Center under the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme.
Genesis 4:8.
He said that the negligence of the state government to provide roads in the area since the past, has caused the residents of Kyrshai from Ukiam Market to Borjhar to suffer. along the road to Chaygaon, to feel more comfortable and long-term in Assam than in Meghalaya, because they get more benefits from Assam in all aspects.
In Haryana, the BJP will be followed by the Congress.
On the 3rd October 2023, I had the opportunity to take part for the first time, in the Shad Lyngdoh of the Daughter of Longtrai, Raid Sha Bong, Khyrim Syiem Ship, which was held at the dance ground in Rangthylliang.
“The Dorbar Shnongs are very important not only to eradicate drugs but also to help the drinkers to get rid of this illegal drink and also to make the DREAM a success. the Mission is successful,” he said.
Aurangabad SP Mokshada Patil said the workers had walked 45 kilometers from Jalna to Bhavasal to return home by train. were lying on the railway line, extremely tired, but they died.
On the 19th June 2020, the residents of Umwali village have already received information through the owner of a farm about the plan of the Assam government to set up a police station. He told the Dorbar of Umwali Village that some non-Khasis in the past few days have gone to shondur and thew his farm, saying. Through Nepali, he told the owner of the farm that the people who came to visit the camp had sent him to wait for them on the 19th of this month.
Of the 6,654 new cases, 2,940 were in Maharashtra and 1,751 in Mumbai.
In Jorabat, police have seized 35 cows from a truck bearing registration number NL-01-AB-4928, which was carrying these cows from Dhemaji of Byrnihat district of Meghalaya. by Jalukbari.
“The allegation by Prestone that Banteidor has laid the foundation stone for the upgradation of Jongksha PHC to CHC without allocation of funds is a lie of the NPP because the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma has already passed. “I have promised to cover the road from Jongksha to Thynroit on the day of laying the foundation stone of the Indoor Stadium at Jongksha,” said Bah Olet.
Onler was a great inspiration and they were married at the Manipur Baptist Convention Church on 12th October
Lack of time to become one spirit causes many problems of misunderstanding and loss of love which may be due to inequality in income, social status, and one of the worst things is distrust of each other.
During the license inspection, some shops were closed and some received letters of explanation.
In order for the city to become a Smart City, the first thing that is needed is a change in the mindset from a slow and steady lifestyle. uncleanness in all respects to a life and a clean and pure life and to a holy life.
He demanded that the elections in GHADC should be held immediately without delay as the extension period has expired.
Bah Rijied Kharkhrang, Rangbah Shnong of Lawbyrwa, said that the tourist attraction was started last year and he expressed his gratitude to all those who have worked hard to make this project a reality. eighth.
He said that after visiting the office at Lumjingshai, Shillong three times, they have not come to repair or even to visit the transformer.
The injured were identified as Mikel Dkhar of Thangskai village and Rilangnga Sayoo of Mulieh Raliang village.
Coal has been here for decades and we have witnessed that the impact of coal on other rivers is blue, unlike the Lukha River which turns blue and is covered with white coal. and the stones were thrown into the midst of the river.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18 : As part of the celebration of Janjatiya Gaurav Diwas-Tribal Pride Week, Sankardev College, Shillong in collaboration with the Department of Arts and Culture, Government of Meghalaya. Meghalaya Traditional Dance Performance on 16th November 2023 at U Soso Tham Auditorium.
Furthermore, at this time of pandemic, the Covid-19 pandemic has made it difficult for the pig farmers to market their pigs because they all rely on them to meet the needs of this industry. pig.
It is worth mentioning that there are 342 households which the HPC has registered with the government to relocate from the existing site.
Haryana and Jammu and Kashmir have also increased significantly.
““If all the bills had been released through DHS, we would have told how many were spent and I would have given the right amount.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Ampareen congratulated the founders of this school, which has helped many youths from different parts of the North East to come to study nursing in this city. Shillong.
“In this regard, Dr. Sutnga said that he will do whatever is necessary so that the people will not face any problems in the field of health,” said Bah Lambok.
The scheme includes various works from footpaths, improvement of Community Halls, wells, water tanks, playgrounds, village roads, schools of various villages in Mawkynrew constituency. .
There was a heavy fighting that lasted for hours in these areas.
I congratulate all the players.
Furthermore, these products also help us to understand through observation, in the way of construction, and in the form of good behavior to bring you and me closer to the righteousness of God. of the Soul of our Human Being.
Cavalry 6.
“We congratulate the government for this achievement which has been a blessing to the youth who are looking for jobs in the state.
His visit to West Jaintia Hills is to strengthen the work of the BJP in five constituencies.
Jowai, June 24 : The Open Cricket Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association (WCRI) Jowai today. Efty United XI beat Khliehtyrshi Sports Club by 149 runs.
He feels that the government should listen to the voice of the people.
According to the shopkeepers in Motphran, they suddenly saw the fire and burnt the wires that had gathered in one place at the electricity post.
“I hope that the present Government will be able to protect this new nation, the High Level nation.
