There are three types of diseases that people can get due to lack of oxygen in higher altitudes.
Shillong: Former Chief Minister and Leader of the Opposition Dr. Mukul Sangma has condemned the shooting death of CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing and Anita Sangma, a member of the CSWO this afternoon. day at Shoh Shrieh, Tuber-East Jaintia Hills.
The Commission urges the Central and State Governments to take immediate punishment against those involved in this act of violence against women and children of the country.
However, he said that the Minister has said that it is difficult for the government, because this scheme belongs to the Government of India, but he said that even so, he will try to take action, as much as you can on this.
He said that when talking to the DC, via mobile phone, she said that the closure of the parking lot is due to the Puja. Our plate of food is better to eliminate this religious practice and therefore the party will not allow anything on this.
Momentum scored only 94 runs for the loss of all wickets, while MLP won by 21 runs in the final.
Students, teachers and parents have also been selected to ask questions to the Prime Minister on the basis of the online writing competition on various topics.
The government has set up an abattoir at Mawïong and the doctors at the abattoir have been checking the health of the animals. If they find that these animals are healthy, the doctors are allowed to cut the goods along with the issuance of a certificate that they come to cut the goods as a sign to prove that the goods are safe. it was cut down in Mawïong and it was pleasant to eat it.
The Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Sanjib Banerjee, Education Minister Rakkam Sangma and Law Minister Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh inaugurated the The new headquarters of the Meghalaya High Court, Shillong.
The Commission said that such incidents can have a serious impact on the refugee, both as a woman and as a religious person.
“We will do our utmost to assist and provide necessary support to the beekeepers such as training, financial assistance, bee boxes, beekeeping equipment, sheds with rooms, training rooms and places to sell and showcase their products," he said.
Other speakers were Dr. R Wankhar, Director DHS (R) Pasteur Institute, Shillong, Justin Dkhar, MLA Khliehriat, Hopefull Bamon, MLA Sutnga and Dr SS Nongbri, Incharge of Blood Bank, Jowai.
Lawmei scored 49 runs for Nonmynsong and Thabah (6, 13).
The tournament ended with the distribution of cash prizes to the winners of the male and female competitions along with consolation prizes to the 11th place winners.
They said that many of these illegal factories have been closed down and the search for the owners is ongoing.
He said that in the last elections, the people in Khasi Hills except in Ri-bhoi have witnessed that only a few NPP candidates have reached the goal.
He said a committee has been appointed to look into the books that could mislead the history of Manipur.
After the police left the scene, a group of people led by Hasina Zaman (wife of TMC candidate) clashed with the arrested and injured people. ) have stopped the police on Bholarbhita road.
The UCC has been enshrined in Article 44 of the Constitution of India from the beginning, but no Government has ever implemented the UCC, because there are many challenges. , especially in India, where there are many different religions and ethnic groups, it is difficult to enforce strict rules and regulations, which must be followed by all.
no.8575039264, Ph.D.
Earlier, Bhavani beat world champion Misaki Emura of Japan 15-10 in the quarterfinals.
The Seng will also send the report of the findings to the Food Inspector, FSSAI and the Minister in charge for action.
The number of cases has started to decline in the last months of the year since November 2020 and the second wave has started to resurface in October , in which the disease has become stronger and more dangerous than in the first wave that India experienced at that time and all hospitals were filled with oxygen cylinders. the spirit was completely empty.
Fifteen matches were played at three grounds including the 3rd Ground, Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium and the Futsal Ground at the Jawaharlal Nehru Sports Complex.
There are 26 beneficiaries of the KSU in Ladmukhla.
Christ, when sacrificed, gave thanks once for all to take away the sins of many.
In Ri Bhoi District, the KSU North Khasi Hills District has held a protest at 20 mer in Ri Bhoi District to wait for the arrival of the ABYSO leaders to Ichamati where the government has not found them. granted permission.
“We have visited the border many times and we have seen people suffering because of all kinds of insults and persecution,” said Bah Ardent.
On the other hand, the HYC Mawlai Circle expressed its gratitude that after two years of fighting, this woman has received a fair trial.
Through these two goals, Niaw Wasa players declined in the game and could not turn the tide until the end of the game.
On the night of the 1st of this month, the Seng Samla, Village Authorities and Synjuk Sengkynthei of Sohra Village, have arrested three prostitutes including Lakshmi Das, Trishna Das and Balarihunshisha Thabor, while they were married, raped two men, Sanjeev Das and Vikash Thapa, who are also foreigners from Shillong, at their residence.
For he hath remembered his holy word, and Abraham his servant" (Psalm 105:42).
The District Council Affairs (DCA) has been handed over to Hamletson Dohling (PDF), while the Home (Jail) has been handed over to AL Hek (BJP). .
It is learned that before giving the money, the people from the block have inspected the site and as soon as the fire is erected, they have inspected it until the stone block has been cut. you plan.
Mumbai Police called an ambulance and evacuated the vehicle from the road to avoid the traffic jam. The vehicle was immediately taken to hospital for treatment. treatment.
The leaders include the National People's Party (NPP), AGP, United Democratic Party (UDP) and met with leaders of the Shiv Sena, JDU, Akali Dal and Lok Jan. Shakti, in which they asked for their support, in order to support the issue affecting the North East.
The deceased are from East Khasi Hills and West Khasi Hills districts.
Shillong, Naitung 23: Two persons were arrested by the Shillong District Jail today while they were trying to break 9 bags of heroin and 4 bags of stem powder suspected to be drugs. They tried to break into the jail from Jail Road.
Neil J Khongwir, General Secretary of Sur Jingkyrmen Society, said that the purpose of the group is to fight against the spread of drugs in the district. Young people from an early age have started to become addicted to drugs.
The second outbreak of COVID-19 in the State and the country as well as the world has caused a change in the lifestyle of people in which they have had to change their behavior from walking, standing and farming and other types of work.
Shillong: The Meghalaya College Teachers' Association (MCTA) has decided to continue its Non Cooperation Movement protest after a meeting with the Vice Chancellor of NEHU on the implementation of the NEP. The Meghalaya College Teachers' Association (MCTA) has launched a Non Cooperation Movement against the decision of the Vice Chancellor of the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) to implement the National Education Policy, The VC, Prof. Prabha Shankar Shukla, on Tuesday, called on the leaders of the MCTA to discuss, but it appears that the discussion has not produced any results. College Teachers can be appointed.
However, we don't know when it will start, so to avoid the suffering of the people, we urge the EE to send for repairs, so that the traffic will be easier and to bring about peace. Anthony Umiong, President of FKJGP Maweit Circle and Bah Endry Ryntong, General Secretary of FKJGP Maweit Circle, said in a statement.
At the same time, he told the story of how while serving in Assam, a police team rescued several girls from the North East of Myanmar.
The rehabilitation of the Damsite Bridge started on the 13th of this month and the construction was undertaken by ITC Cementation India Limited.
Who does not want to see or hear our wise and intelligent leaders ? Article 16 and its provisions recognize only those “backward citizens" who are tribals.
The Behdeiñkhlam festival of Seinraij Mukhla, which is the last Behdeiñkhlam festival held every year in Jaintia Hills from the 22nd to the 25th, has been held smoothly.
If the people really want change in the way the ethnic parties work, they should allow only one party to rule in KHADC and JHADC. The meeting of the Executive Committees in KHADC and JHADC from time to time.
A total of 159 people have recovered from the disease and 79 are undergoing treatment.
Each of their bodies will be embalmed tomorrow.
Kohli began his political career as an assistant to the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh and has worked with the ABVP, the Delhi University Students Union and the Delhi University Teachers Association in various fields. Sachdeva.
He said that in case of accidents, fire whether it is in the house or neighbours, these volunteers have been able to rush quickly to provide emergency assistance because they have been trained on that basis to provide emergency assistance. help those who need help.
He said that Nabang Nongphyllut has recently regained its Ilaka status and the JHADC has appointed only an Acting Doloi without any Sanat. to issue Sanat to register land for the purpose of securing the ownership of land.
As it has been in the past years, we cannot increase the price of beef, because we have bought too many beef and besides that it is difficult to get beef from the beef market at 9Mer. Baridua, the reason for this is that those who want to leave Bangladesh have not been accepted.
From the start of the match, both the teams managed to score goals.
These selfie stands will be open from 9 am to 6 pm from 22nd July 2021 to 8th August
The office bearers and members of the HSPDP Youth Wing Tynghor Primary Unit were confirmed.
“Don't those over 60 years of age get a Disability Certificate anymore, if they don't get it, why does the government issue a Disability Certificate?” asked Bah Kharjana.
“I have also requested the Central Government to appoint a Pro Vice Chancellor, Registrar, Finance Officer and University Engineer who have remained vacant at NEHU and also to appoint more than 200 teaching posts and employees who are vacant within the University,” he said.
The poor houses provided by the government are only for those who are the people and supporters of the MLAs/MDCs while those who do not support the MLAs/MDCs are not even looked at.
The State Government has not yet allowed trade between India and Bangladesh and it is understood that for now, it will allow only Lafarge or conveyor belt company to transport goods without I don't need a man to carry it.
Because one area can be cultivated only three times, while earlier it could be cultivated up to shiphew times, it has accelerated the loss of forests and trees which are necessary for the life of the people.
Shillong: Two foreigners from Umtyrnga have been arrested by East Jaintia Hills Police on 14th July 2020 at 12:30 pm from Umtyrnga.
Because only strong governance can bring about economic development in the state and this is what is most important,” said Bah Ronnie.
Besides, the Minister said that the state government has also approved the request of all political parties to suspend the new appointments until the committee has sent its report on the roster system.
There is a part where a person has to please others, but there is another part where he cannot.
This is also acknowledged by LS Gassah who says that the first Khasi settled in the eastern parts of Jaintia Hills.
Shillong Cricket Association-B will play against Ri-Bhoi in Zone 1 tomorrow, while East Garo Hills will play against North Garo Hills in Zone .
If we cannot change or eliminate that 40% for us Khasi-Jaintia and 40% for Garo, it is better to separate completely from our Garo friends. I'm from the state.
The police station in Amlarem was not informed of the incident, as it was not useful due to the distance.
“Yes, we have informed the MHA because at any time when we register a case under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act, we have to inform the MHA within 10 months,” said the DIG. , nine members of the NLCN and including a 16-year-old student have been arrested by the State Police.
Nongstoiñ, July 17: In order to strengthen the party ahead of the upcoming elections, the leaders of the Hill State People's Democratic Party (PDP) Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency will hold a public hearing. at Tynghor on the 19th of this month.
The party has also taken the initiative to use Hindi instead of English in education.
"My concern is not to get my name in the Roma record book," Mourinho said, adding that it is to help these children to improve and reach big goals and also also to help the fans of Roma who have given their support from the first day and so it is really happy to reach another final.
At the meeting, Ajay encouraged the party leaders to work hard to reach the grassroots of the people and it was also decided that the party MLAs will be present at the meeting. office of the organization, once a week.
Media reports said that some of the MLAs who had discussions with the Chief Minister were Bah RV Lyngdoh MLA Mylliem constituency who is also the Chief Whip of the state government. Sanbor Shullai MLA from 19th Shillong South Constituency who resigned from the post of Symbud Speaker of the House when the opposition moved a no-confidence motion against the Speaker of the House AT Mondal.
On the other hand, the farmers who attended the program had the opportunity to discuss the issue for more information. The program ended with the distribution of seeds to all the farmers who came to receive the seeds. section.
He also urged the students not to lose heart and as youth they have to work hard not only to bring about that change in the state and the country, but also for the sake of the country. “Their lives should be those children whose future is bright,” he added.
Many people especially women came to participate in this meeting.
Shillong: The Shillong Khasi Jaintia Church Leaders Forum (SKJCLF) has held a special prayer on the 26th June 2020 at the Hall of the Presbyterian Church of India (PCI), Shillong. part of the serious needs facing the entire country in these times.
He also thanked the Traffic Department of East Khasi Hills Police for their involvement in this public awareness campaign.
This writer used to visit his village in his childhood after the end of the year examination, and after getting the results before Christmas every year.
Referring to his appearance to contest the election against Kong Amapreen Lyngdoh, he said there is a lack of interest from the people regarding the incumbent MLA.
And he that destroyeth it, God shall destroy him.
The KHNAM Youth led by Bah Thomas Passah President, went to collect water from both the water tanks and filled them in bottles donated by the Pasteur Institute. They went to the Institute to test whether the water is safe to drink.
The KSU has given three days to the owner of the shop to clean up the shop.
Shillong: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, on Tuesday said that the state government will send a thorough inquiry into the allegations against the owner of KPC, KP Chaudary, before signing again. Before handing over the company for the construction of the Shillong Medical College at Umsawli.
Speeches were delivered by the Secretary VEC Mynso B, Ma Batskem Myrchiang, Secretary Shnong Mynso-B, Ma Arnest Syntem. youth and women of the village.
“Replying to Banerjee's remarks, NPP spokesperson Bajop Pyngrope said the AITC leader's remarks were not surprising.
How sad it is for a woman, who has shaved her head, just because she went to dye her hair.
On the 28th of November at 10 am, police recovered the body of a 28-year-old girl who had fallen into the water at Wahumkhrah near the Petrol Pump in Demseiniong. those who appeared recognized that the death of the young woman was the result of a hostile murder, and followed up on the incident to find the killers of the young woman.
Thus the exam day passed until the last day.
The Government has taken many measures to empower the youth of the state.
Until now, it is more difficult to believe in Rahul Gandhi's plan, as he has not yet shown the exact figures to release the T.72,000, although at the same time, we assume that The introduction of the 100 days scheme is one of the employment opportunities for the people of the country and now if the T.6,000 per month comes, we don't know whether it will include the 100 days. or perhaps the Congress party will bring in other jobs beyond the 100 days scheme to generate an income of T.6,000 per month.
Officials of the Assam Government through the Forest Department, have come to cross the border in Umsaw Lumdorbar village, which is one of the border villages in Ri Bhoi and falls under the Raid. Developer.
Kyrphei SC opened the scoring in the 51st minute through Bankitlang Kharsyntiew but Pyndenumbri scored the first goal in the 78th minute. The SC has been able to reverse the case through Ditoles Hynniewta.
When asked, the Minister said that the Ordinance has been implemented while the Legislative Assembly has not yet been held.
They may ignore or obey your commands to please you, but you take away their right to lasting happiness.
The Supreme Court of India on 2nd November 2019 has ordered the Meghalaya government to pay Rs 100 crore for failing to curb the smuggling of coal since the NGT banned it. in the year
The first semi final of the tournament will be played between Ryntih SC and YBSC Shella on the 30th of this month at 2 pm.
He said that the UDP candidate for Bah Anthony, a poor farmer and a farmer, has the hope of winning because he has a clear knowledge and understanding of the area unlike others. candidates.
The final will start at 1 pm at Mawlai Nongpdeng Basketball Court, and the first final will be played between Shillong Labet and DUBAKH. Both the teams scored three goals but Shillong Labet scored the most, winning by 49-45 points to win the title.
Shillong: A young boy from Mawtari Thaiang, Ri-Bhoi, near the Assam border, has escaped death after going to fight with his friends. you are in the Umsiang River.
Police have recovered a Mahindra pick up belonging to Pynkhreh from Tyrsad, East Khasi Hills District.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills on Tuesday ordered a curfew from 9 pm to 5 pm to maintain peace and order in Tura after a stone throwing incident. The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, at Dakopgre, Tura, told a public meeting while the meeting between him and the political parties was ongoing.
Laitkor Sports Club and PFR Football Academy have qualified for the semi final of the Women's Football League sponsored by the Shillong Sports Association.
A huge fire has claimed 12 covid-19 patients at Bharuch Welfare Hospital, Gujarat, at 1 pm this morning.
“We have launched many programs in the form of mission mode so that farmers can earn a living through well-developed crops like shynrai, sying and now sohphan,” he said. the Prime Minister.
He said that on the border issue, the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and the Chief Minister of Assam will meet after the MP elections to discuss the issue.
Bah Rymbui did not show any signs of implementing their demand, but at the Cabinet meeting, it was decided to increase the salaries of the Adhoc Teachers. they.
The arrangements by the I.N.D.I.A will become clearer in the coming days.
He said that many principals have expressed their concern over the results of the training and suggested that some of the textbooks should be changed so that the schools will be in line with the National Standard.
Conrad said that this report is based on the fact that they have looked into the number of different ethnic groups in the area, the number of villages in these areas and the services provided to the residents in these areas. The Assam Government or the Meghalaya Government and the current situation in these areas.
Shillong, Naitung 29 : The Executive Committee of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) on Thursday held a condolence meeting on the passing away of Bah RG Lyngdoh, former Working President and Adviser of the MSOA. In a statement, the MSOA recalled that it was the hard work of Bah RG Lyngdoh in bringing about the Sports & Youth Policing.
In the girls' final, West Khasi Hills beat East Jaintia Hills 4-2 by a tie breaker, while in the men's category, Ri -Bhoi District beat West Jaintia Hills District 4-0
I have that spirit of hope.
She also urged the government to urge the North Eastern Hill University to expedite the construction of its Jowai Campus for the benefit of the two districts of Lum Jaintia.
The General Convention of the party in 2017 in which Adelbert Nongrum was elected as the working president of the party can be seen on the internet. Adelbert Nongrum, until now you can see the news that he demands my resignation from the post of president.
Shillong: Grace Kharpuri, MDC from Nongshken constituency, today joined the United Democratic Alliance (UDA) led by Bah Teinwel Dkhar.
" said Bah MH Dkhar President of AJYWO.
“This is a lack of concern from the government which has united its employees,” said Bah Mawthoh.
“As a small nation, we need to “Kyntiew”, guide each other in various fields not only in education,” he said.
The 38 schools that will participate in the tournament are OM Roy Memorial Higher Sec School Mawlai Kyntonmassar, Seven Set Annex Higher Sec School (Malki), Mawpat Presbyterian Higher School (Mawpat), Arya Kanya. Vidyalaya Sec School (Laitumkhrah), Green Hills Sec School (Sohryngkham), St.Mary's Higher Sec School (Laitumkhrah), St.Joseph Girls Higher Sec School (Jaïaw), Eriben Presbyterian Sec School (Nongthymmai), Synod College (Jaïaw), St.Dominic Savio Higher Sec School (Mawkhar), Mawlai Christian Sec School (Mawlai Motsyiar), Sacred Heart Boys Higher Sec School (Mawlai Phudmuri), Stephan Memorial Sec School (Mawlai Mawroh), St.George Higher Sec School (Nongmynsong), Don Bosco Secondary School, Sacred Heart Girls Higher Sec School (Mawlai Phudmuri), Seng Khasi Higher Sec School (Jaïaw), Synod Higher Sec School (Mission Compound), Auxilium Girls Higher Sec School (Nongthymmai), Assam Riffles Public School (Laitkor), Kendriya Vidyalaya Higher Sec School (NEHU Shillong), St. John Higher Sec School (Laban), Shullai Progressive Sec School (Mawlai Mawroh), St.Joseph Higher Sec School (PynthorUmkhrah Shillong), K.C Secondary School (Laitumkhrah), Christian Academy Higher Sec School (Wahingdoh), St.Margaret's Higher Sec School (Laitumkhrah), Malki Presbyterian Sec School (Malki), St.Anthony's Higher Sec School (Laitumkhrah), Seven Huts Sec School (Mawlai Umthlong), St.Claret Higher Sec School (Nongmensong), Loreto Convent (Laitumkhrah), Mawlai Presbyterian Hr.Sec School (Mawlai Ïewrynghep), 1st MLP Bn Sec School (Mawlai Mawïong), Seven Set Higher Sec School (Malki), Sunrays Secondary School (Mawlai Nonglum), H.Elias Higher Sec School (Nongthymmai) and St. Edmund's School (Laitumkhrah).
If the NPP has an agreement with the BJP candidate, Mukul Sangma may be in trouble this time.
We will work for development.
“MeECL has released T.595.64 crore to the government because it cannot use it,” he said.
On the other hand, tomorrow, 29th July, school and college teachers will not take classes, but will sign their names and sit down, as a sign of protest against the appointment of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Dr Roytre. C Laloo has not been called for talks yet.
As a follow-up to this project which has affected the income of those involved in this project and the workers who earn their living from coal, the court has referred the case to the High Court. the Supreme Court on
The District Council in charge of the preservation of customs and traditions should take action to restore the land that has been confiscated by the government and military forces.
However, no one listened or obeyed the command.
During the raid, the Assam Forest Department personnel seized the kwai trees, tympew and other agricultural products of the villagers and issued an eviction notice. ' from these villages.
However, at the same time, he said that it is necessary for the herbalists to have or become familiar with the current knowledge in order to be skilled and efficient.
Once a person changes for the better, it is certain that the family will change.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nongbareh Unit, Nongbareh Circle, has met with the SDO Supply Amlarem.
Shillong: The Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, today said that the Central Government has promised to allocate an additional T.314 crore for the National Institute of Technology (NIT) Sohra. .
Nongstoin, March 12: West Khasi Hills District has been one of the districts with the highest increase in cases of violence against women and children. also continue to this day.
The Government of Meghalaya has already expressed the need to amend the Sixth Schedule,” he added.
“I don't know exactly but if it is true, we feel it is not appropriate to celebrate this day as Good Governance Day because it is Christmas Day,” said Pastor Phawa.
He said that regarding the Coke Factories, the Prime Minister has remained silent, because he does not want to affect the family members of Bah Kyrmen Shylla. who have destroyed East Jaintia Hills"
India will prepare to strengthen their squad for the European leg of the FIH Pro League before releasing the final squad for the Paris Olympics, captain Harmanpreet Singh said today. Second.
Shillong: The price of beef has increased to T.450 per kilo from the previous price of beef. T.400, while the price of meat has been increased to T.600 from T.
Speaking on the occasion, the Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan, expressed his appreciation for the work of mothers in life.
“I signed only one but why did two srynod issued to those two Bihar children.
The National Vice President of the BJP, M Chuba Ao, who is also in charge of the BJP in Meghalaya, on Tuesday announced that the BJP may withdraw its support from the party. The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government has been sending documents related to the corruption allegations against the government led by Conrad K. Sangma within 10 months. Investigation teams such as the Enforcement Directorate (ED) and the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to investigate the facts.
Speeches were also delivered by other speakers including college teachers who came to join the organization and others.
Sisodia was sent to the CBI for three days after his arrest on 26th July.
The Cabinet meeting held on Thursday decided to curb the travel of foreign officials by government officials to reduce the impact on the government budget.
Gymnastics has not qualified for the Meghalaya Games 2020 and the outbreak of Covid-10 has hampered the revival of this sport.
After the announcement, Bah Shanbor called for cooperation and also gave the opportunity to express some of the members on their views.
If the Congress in Telangana and the ZPM in Mizoram cannot provide good governance in the next five years, perhaps the people will reject it.
The ACHIK also strongly criticized the VPP leader for alleging drama on the issue of the Job Reservation Policy.
The Gospel of John 3:16 says, “For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. to eternal life.
They were indeed Ministers of Defense and Ministers of Finance.
However, in the complaint, Sengban said that at about 11 pm on 14th June, they both left his residence.
He said that many of the elderly who are over 70 years old are poor but they need a lot of money to spend on buying nutritious food especially those who have children. they live only by the wages of the day.
“Today's meeting with the family is that we will continue to fight and not give up,” he added.
The West Jaintia Hills Regional Committee will be headed by the Chief Secretary Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of State Comingone Ymbon, UDP MLA from Amlarem, Nujorki Sungoh MLA from Mowkaïaw. JHADC MDC Aiborlang Shadap as members and Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills as convenor.
All the seven persons are from the same village as the victim from Umkor, Pynursla.
Dhoni said the sixes he scored were more than he tied in the final of the ICC World Cup in
The memorandum received by the Committee was also sent.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Marcus Marten, President of NRAO&DA, as the chief guest in the presence of other leaders including Bah Joseph Maring, Organizing Secretary.
Announcing this through the media, the Government Spokesperson, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, who is also the Minister of Law, said, “This announcement by the Government to set up the Expert Committee is from the meeting of all political parties held on Tuesday".
Speaking to reporters, PAC Chairman Charles Pyngrope said that the MeSEB has now been divided into three parts, namely distribution, generation and transmission. there is any difference with the smooth running of the business.
She said that there are 304 depositors and the amount collected so far is T.31,37,135/-, including 17 Pressure Groups (PGs) and financial assistance. (lone) has been distributed to 62 members and the amount received has reached T.16,21,0
After making the decision he sighed and began to sleep.
Balchand Mishra, UBSI and Lambok Shadap, UB Constable received the Police Medal for their services.
Jashawlia seeds can also be obtained from other villages but they are expensive and good for cultivation.
Earlier, according to the Government report, 2,132 Nepalis were arrested and deported in 1983-84 and in October 1985, 6,000 Nepalis were arrested and deported from Bapung, Rymbai. The Opposition said that the urgent loss of wealth of the Trai Ri will make the authorities the masters and asked who brought them? A year later in 1986 the Infiltration Branch arrested foreigners from Khliehriat and hundreds of people surrounded the police station and threw stones. local police may arrest and detain foreigners who have entered and worked illegally.
The protest for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state will continue due to the spread of COVID-19, said Lambokstar Marngar, President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU).
Other programs included traditional songs by groups led by Kong Larihun Mawlong and Bah EW Kharsahnoh who welcomed the participants.
You should know from now on and don't mislead the people of the country...that the Khasi and Jaintia are the same people but they differ only in the place where they live...Like the Bhoi, the War , Maram, Lyngngam and Jaintia we are all one nation... The nation has not lost its value from the race, but it has lost from the sins we have committed...we have not respected the rights kasot to promote the nationKhublei.
Police have been following him since the moment he escaped from the scene. Police have been looking for him but he has been arrested by the police.
He said the Vatican Council declares that the Eucharist is the source of the Christian life.
Sonia Gandhi, who was shocked by the incident, said she had asked one of the members of the party whether there was anything wrong with the flag raising ceremony. and asked whether they had tied the flag tightly before it was thrown for the second time.
The doctor said that she would give birth two or three days before the birth because the time was still enough.
To do this, Ms. Loma was appointed after a period of retirement.
“Let them accuse whatever they want but I will say one thing, that he doesn't know what the government is doing,” she said.
Dimas Mulkan Saputra was drowned while his father was swimming in the river to escape the kuratia.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) on Tuesday confirmed the office bearers of the FKJGP Mawkyrwat Unit.
Police have taken possession of the body and the investigation is ongoing.
The Committee requests those who have known and loved him to attend the ceremony although they have not been able to inform due to the short time, said Babu. Shillong, March 26: AICC General Secretary V Naraya Nasamyla on Tuesday said that the ban on quarrying by the Meghalaya High Court has affected the people of the state especially the Khasi. and Jaintia Hills.
This is the No.62 and 5th article I have written from my bedside while I was undergoing treatment at NEIGRIHMS. nation, society, education, agriculture, culture, disease...there are few things I write about religion.
The Seng will conduct another inspection on these foreign trucks and even the par maw and the foreigners who are illegally staying within the border of War Jaintia.
“It's better to let her get married than to have sex, but if she meets like that, it's better,” said the mother. "Why did you think so, Mother?" asked the father.
It is hoped that with the assistance of the MLA, Bah SK Sun, with the willingness of the PWD to cooperate in this regard and with the permission of the Cantonment Board, the Phase-III of the project will continue.
The closing ceremony was attended by the MLA of Mylliem constituency and Minister of State, Bah Hamletson Dohling.
These candidates include Charles Marngar from Mawhati, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh from Umsning, Stanliwis Rymbai from Umroi and Rona Khymdeit from Umroi. Nongpoh Constituency.
If the speaker is wrong, he is spreading a false message, if the interrupter is wrong, he is a blasphemer.
The Khelo India Youth Games 2021-22 was held at Panchkula, Haryana from 4th to 13th July 2022. The team of Fashioning Kenny Noel A. Sangma, Arlangky Nongsiej, Chibaitki Pamthied, Colinsalmon Lyngdoh, Batskhemlang Jyrwa, Datingki Pamthied, Adam Bathrang Ki-O Sunday Morning, Easter Sunday Ch.
Every night, illegal coal trucks pass through High Level Government Agents.
According to a statement from the Superintendent of Police, Tura, in connection with a case registered under Tikrikilla PS Case No. 24 (11) 22 u/s 364A/506 IPC, one of the drivers was arrested. Bikas Chetia of Guwahati, Assam, was abducted on
A detailed explanation on the impact of drugs and alcohol was given by Bah Terence Sawian, one of the experts in this field.
The Lukha River will never be clean if these companies continue to dump garbage.
Meanwhile, the meeting of UDP candidate Winning Garland Sungoh was held at Mukhap in the presence of MLA Nujorki Sungoh and other party leaders.
Then you will have to find another one that is bigger.
The Seng knows that the wiring work at the school has been contracted by Welcome Lyngngi.
Bandana Kalita, 32, a gym teacher, has been accused of killing her husband Shankari Dey, 62, who retired from government service on the 26th. Naitung last year and her husband Amarjyoti Dey, 35, who was unemployed on 17th July last year, with the help of her friends, Dhanti Deka who is a taxi driver and Arup Deka, a jhur vendor.
He urged the party to refrain from politics because the constitution of the party does not allow anyone to participate in the two leaders and if anyone violates, he will be removed immediately if it is the members or leaders.
Shillong, Naiwieng 7: The ANVC-B has alleged that there is a thapbasin in the state police department involved in informing the GNLA about the whereabouts of four policemen who were killed in Bangjakona on Tuesday. near Kapasi for in South Garo Hills district.
JOWAI: The two-day festival at Wah Lukha organized by the Sonapyrdi Tourism and Economic Development Society (STEDS) came to an end on the 2nd of June with various entertainment programmes.
Benedict Jones Makdoh scored 2/24 in 9 overs and Apandanka N Marak scored 2/50 in 22 overs.
Shillong: There have been 39 new cases of corona virus in East Khasi Hills today, including 18 cases from East Khasi Hills, 2 cases from soldiers and 16 cases from civilians.
Doctors in Lombardy say that out of 6,000 people, 600 have died in Bergamo.
Shillong: The Mawïong Unit of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawïong Unit on Tuesday arrested 15 foreigners from West Bengal and Assam. to work in Mawdiangdiang, Shillong.
The delegation will also visit Nagaland and meet with the leaders of Tripra.
He also mentioned the corruption within the MDA government which is running the government in the state and working hand in hand with the BJP. crane against beit without changing the language.
Gurnam Singh, a full-time employee of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, has recently returned from Punjab. He went to take part in the service and arrived in Guwahati, on 3rd July 2018 and stopped in Guwahati, due to the traffic jam in Shillong and the market vehicles did not allow him to carry him. He stayed overnight at a Gurudwara in Fancy Bazar, Guwahati.
“Bah Hek praised the decision of the leaders of Lumdaitkhla village as they have a vision for the future of the players.
This was the end of Thomas Jones, but even though he has passed away, his right to fight against corruption and to protect the discrimination of the Khasi people stands.
The 1st East Zone Sub-Junior Under 14 Championship will be held from 19th to 20th December 2021 at Dispur Skating Rink, Guwahati.
The Court said that unfortunately, the step taken by the State Government to curb the overloading of vehicles is unsatisfactory and it is expected that it will take the necessary action in this regard.
Other projects include the construction of seven ESRs, a new distribution system to supply water to 10 households, the construction of a road, the construction of water pipes, the construction of In the Williamnagar Urban Area, there are 48 villages in the Williamnagar Urban Area. and Government offices, 56,412 thousand residents and 7,992 households according to the 2011 census including training centers and offices.
The death toll in China has risen to 1,355 and the total number of cases in the country has risen to 60,0
He said it was the Congress which made the people believe that the BJP is a religious fanatic who hates Christians and others.
“He expressed his gratitude to the former Minister of Education of the previous government Ma Lahkmen Rymbui and the team who brought about the reforms in education and said that the goal and vision set by the department education in the past 5 years has been taken and continued to this day.
Shillong, Naitung 30 : The Commonwealth Parliamentary Association (CPA) Region III Conference, organized by the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, on Tuesday ended in Shillong.
Hek said the government has taken measures to install a generator to provide uninterrupted electricity.
The World Oral Health Day was organized by the Department of Dentistry of NEIGRIHMS under the leadership of Professor S.Vijay Singh, Head of the Department.
Rida had to go back into the house and with a smile she went into her bedroom quietly.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 29: The time has come for the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to upgrade the Kyrshai Sub Health Centre.
They were released from police custody at 7:20 pm this morning.
Meghalaya has the skills and the availability of workplaces will help it [2
We have learned that some of the land and parts of the B-Mahal covering up to 5,000 hectares in North Garo Hills and West Garo Hills have been sold by the Executive Committee led by the NPP in T.50 crore which has already been received from the State Government, the Committee said.
D.Veins.
BJP President Amit Shah visited Mizoram in the past few days, but on Saturday, he visited Madhya Pradesh again.
Shillong: Several young men who are also residents of Meghalaya, who have the idea and purpose to lead on the path of good, have emerged from the Meghalaya Awaken Concern Citizen (MACC) group. , yesterday, 20th April for the first Clean Political Campaign.
The houses belonged to Antimerry Tongwah and Merita Tongwah, who are the owners.
Sangma assured that they have sufficient information on the perpetrators.
The Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma, who has sent a letter to the Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma demanding that the VAT on petrol and diesel be increased. law to fight against COVID-1
This is what has affected the paid babun church.
Initially, there was a suspicion from the Mawmaram Village Authority that the NOC may have reached the Head Quarter of the Army, but later they learned that the NOC issued by Bah Kurbah is still there. The village officials have also lodged a complaint with the HANM against the sale of 60 acres of land to the BSF. HANM together with the village officials have threatened to file an FIR against the brokers, but after the meeting with Bah Kmel Nongbri u Sordar Len Mawtap A, Mawmaram, who is one of the brokers who intended to deliver the NOC to the army, has come to hand over the NOC to the village. Shillong Press Club, Mawmaram was led by JR Mawlong, HANM Secretary JR Mawlong, HANM Vice President Hamlet Kharjana, the accused broker Kmel Nongbri and the Sordar. Mawmaram has been suspended.
Dr SK Tiwari, Chief Veterinary Officer, Fatehpur, has directed seven doctors under his leadership to treat the cow.
There have been amendments from time to time to the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act, 1957 through major amendments in 2015, 2020, 2021, and recently in
Des Buckingham, who is also the head coach of the club, said, “As we have tried to train and train the club, we want youngsters to lead the club.
Most of these bills are T.10,000 high and T.20,000 below and some are below T.10,000 tyngka.
According to the order of the DC East Jaintia Hills, the coal owners have been ordered to cover the coal with tarpaulin to avoid the spread of coal water.
The story goes from one place to another along with a smile.
Speaking to media, Bah Process T Sawkmie said that he has expressed his desire to contest the MP election because this election is difficult and he has to get the support of all the people in all the constituencies. .
Shillong: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA of 19-South Shillong Constituency, today met with the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagatha Roy, where he submitted a petition to the President of India through his office. of the Governor of the State.
It is written that these families are among the poorest women and those without formal education.
They said that when they wanted to go to collect the foodgrains, they were threatened by the distributor and driven away by refusing to give them the foodgrains and saying that they would lodge a complaint with the police.
He said that he hopes that in the future, they will be able to bring forward the necessary issues especially the issues that can bring income for the residents.
Dr. Evarist Myrsing, BJP candidate from Mawhati, was also present in the presence of the President of Mawhati BJP Mandal, Bah Shanborlang Rympei and other elders and children. school from this school.
On the second day of the tournament, 78 bouts were held and rangiakura from all over the country expected to play well in order to qualify for another tournament and also win medals.
Therefore, they have to pay taxes or pay exactly, otherwise, they will be punished by the government.
“As we know and witness, drugs have entered the remote areas of the villages across the Bri u Hynniewtrep and we see and witness the spread of thieves, robbers and even murderers because of the drugs. he was too drunk to drink this intoxicating liquor.
"Only we have about two more months," he said.
Shillong: U Sanjib Bhattacharjee has lodged a complaint that on 26th June at 5:30pm, a taxi driver (ML-05D-8018) had threatened to fill in the photographs. whoever doesn't shon will suffer the punishment.
The signature campaign was held at Mawlai Bus Stand and Mawlai Petrol Pump and will end on the evening of 27th November.
When asked whether the Congress will get the money to implement this promise, Pala said the state is facing many problems due to the high level of tax evasion whether it is in the field of coal. ore, or otherwise.
[email].
“We apologize to the fans who have been waiting for us to see our first SURL song in India.
A COVID Negative report will also be required at these entry points.
Shillong, March 13: As soon as it was reported in Rupang that the old dorbar hall of the KHADC has been turned into the office of the Department of Trade and Industry, the issue has been raised in the dorbar hall of the KHADC. Manstudy Nongrem, MDC of Langrin, was also present.
“I came to contest the election not for any purpose but to benefit, because I, the house of God has blessed me, not to “I am proud but it is my duty to help others as a reward for what God has blessed me with,” he said.
Before it falls into the water, it is better for us to cross over to the other side.
It is worth mentioning that Bah kynsing, as the NPP candidate, brought a truck carrying fertilizer on the 13th July, 2023 at a meeting in Thynroit and opened the truck as a sign of the release of the fertilizer to the people who have brought stars to get but have not received.
However, the Services continued to win all the remaining seven finals.
If it weren't for them, you don't know what would have happened.
Group D: Jharkhand, Lakshadweep, Ladakh, Uttarakhand, Punjab, Jammu & Kashmir.
According to the letter, a group of traders have said that the deterioration of the National Highway-40 has been excessive and has caused problems to the passengers for several months now. .
During the visit, accompanied by Bah Tangsang, it was found that the ground has started playing, where the puh shilum has been played twice. “My dream is to hold a football match again at this famous stadium,” he said. He said it will take time to get two or more licenses for the stadium. a level playing field.
Eden fell and God was sorry and angry with Adam.
It was also the time when the traffic police had left for their homes and there was no one to watch or arrest those who were sleeping.
MDC jongngi, remove these MDCs, I don't have any benefit in your mind, because only what you don't want, is cem, you don't have everything you want, MDC pap.
Meanwhile, in GHADC, the GSU, AYWO, FKJGP and Ade have visited the GHADC in Tura and met with CEM Dipul Marak to demand the resignation of MDC Sofiur Rehman. I am the Chairperson of the Forest Advisory Committee.
Pastor JR Makdoh, who is from Mawrong village and married in Mawlein village in Ri Bhoi district, is also the Pastor in charge of the Nongtluh Mathan Presbytery of Ri Bhoi Synod.
She requested the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to take action so that the people who use the water will not be affected.
Speaking to media, Thrina Suchiang said that after seeking RTI on the works of various schemes from the state government, Lama village in East Jaintia Hills Hills District has been evacuated.
Through this suspension, Stimac will not be able to join the team.
The two-day event was attended by people from all over the city.
Shillong: U Paul Leong, the owner of a multi-storey building known as the Kimly Building in Iew Mawlong area, has not come to his office. Although there was an arrangement yesterday for this person to appear on the 21st of June
The Dorbar Shnong Tympang Iawmusiang under the leadership of Waheh Shnong Edystone Shylla distributed food items to 41 households in Shahtngit Village, Iawmuisiang Village today.
He said that about 10 cases have been filed against Manish before this incident.
Earlier, from 1st June to 31st July and from 1st June to 31st October, the amount of T.4,000 was paid to the farmers twice. pay.
The kings who came from Woh Ryndi and Li-dohkha! From the Congress and the Pahsyntiew! Likewise, there are many others too.
Shillong, Naitung 24 : Last month, the Minister of State for Electricity, AT Mondal, announced that the power outage in the district headquarters has been extended for two hours and in the rural areas for five hours. This is like he is lying and thanking the people because until now the power outage has been going on for hours and at night only when it reached 11.30 -12 pm the power outage has been going on. until 5 o'clock in the morning.
Rymbui said that there are about 74 students who will sit for the SSLC examination or class 10 who have not been able to sit for some subjects and there are 34 students who have not been able to sit for the SSLC examination. to all subjects.
The coaches who will train the children are Presence Bareh, Head Coach of Rymbai Shkenshynriah, Marlangki Suting and Poibiang Pohshna who have represented India in various sports.
“The Dorbar Shnong should be held by all those who have reached the age of 18 years,” said the statement.
Another reason given by the department is that there is only one officer in charge of birth and death certificates and if this officer stops working, the issuance of certificates will be delayed.
“He said that many of the works to improve the development of the constituency are not enough in the constituency, roads, paths, drinking water, electricity and others are not enough.
Shillong: Two women from RiBhoi District have been found dead in the state since yesterday. Two women from RiBhoi District have been arrested. Those who tested positive for the Anti-body testing kit.
The office of the Chief Engineer PHE (Even, San & MWSSO) Meghalaya, in collaboration with the PHE Umsning Division, today held a public march at Bhoirymbong, which is also part of the awareness campaign. public on the need to protect the environment and especially in terms of the protection of water supply.
It happened that Bah Raphael Warjri, a disciple of Bah Maiñ Sing Shanpru, had the opportunity to witness the portrait of Tirot Sing Syiem, which appeared as an old man. and he died, being about forty years old.
“We are still asking the Meghalaya Mineral Development Corporation to provide support to train the owners,” he said in the House in reply to the ILP. The National Green Tribunal will have to advise the government on the implementation of this policy.
Through this statement, the HNYF Lapalang Unit once again urges the Sordar of Raid Mawshun to remove the cows from the Dorbar Hall within four days and also to those who have done this to clean up. to the Dorbar Hall.
“We will talk to the Prime Minister to meet again with Defense Minister Amit Shah to demand ILP in the state,” said the UPF MLAs. The MDA government, he said, has discussed in the Cabinet to demand ILP in the state and the Cabinet, which the Prime Minister has also said, needs measures to prevent the entry of foreigners.
The good news is that the village is still able to keep the forests separate and does not allow them to be cut down unless it is necessary to build a coffin.
Shitlang Pale was accompanied by Arbor Hima Darnei MDC, Marshal Biam, Hopingstone Bare, Rockywell Sutnga and others.
Shillong, Naitung 27: Regarding the incident of shooting by the District Council Police on Tuesday, Deoris Marbaniang, said that according to the decision of the Court, on 10th November The District Council shall not open 9 shops within two months and those outside the State shall not have a license to trade within six months.
Therefore, as the days go by, many of the wells in the state are beginning to disappear, where the floods that have been flowing for four seasons, have now begun to disappear, but There remain only the footprints of the flow of water, which have turned into nations that have been destroyed by the excessive acts of mankind.
Shillong, March 11: The Wah Umtrew Bridge at Lailad in Ri-Bhoi district has collapsed due to its collapse.
Speaking to media, u Bah Tynsong said that according to the figures of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, in the past two days, yesterday and today, there has been an increase in the number of cases. There were 87 new cases yesterday and 100 cases today.
“This has led to a struggle to register in the Producers Group,” said the members.
He said that the ban on the purchase of cows from Khanapara market will continue as there is no agreement between the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, the District Council and the meat farmers.
Guwahati: U Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said that the BJP government will pass the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill if it forms a government after 23rd June
More than 300 students including teachers took part in the cleanliness drive.
The report of these inspections will be sent back to the State Government for consideration on the recommendations of the Commission and to strengthen these assistance programs especially in recent years. women and children increased.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, he said that only three doctors have accepted the government's offer to go to rural areas and all of them are in Garo Hills.
He said that the KSU urges the authorities to understand that most of the candidates in the state come from low income families and which makes it very difficult for them to travel to other states to sit for their examinations and which also prevents them from getting the same rights.
He said that the construction of the road should be good with drains, places for people to climb and descend and ways to avoid any tragic incident especially in the roads. that road or national highway.
However, at present, the VPP leader and Nongkrem MLA, Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit, is on strike as part of the demand from the state government to hold a meeting to discuss the issue. or to adjust the recruitment quota implemented in the State.
Speaking to media, the President of KSU Mawlai Circle, Bah Nongrum, said that the protest was held today on behalf of the Sur Ki NongMawlai, not on behalf of the KSU Mawlai Circle. members of civil society organizations.
Meghalaya's Dutta scored 39 runs in 33 balls while L Tamang scored 19 runs to make 105/6 in 19.4 overs.
She said the village has decided to use the village funds to sue the arrested Sordar for bail.
Herbert Syiem Asst.Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong Lumshatsngi welcomed the guests.
In another development, the Federation of Khasi States, said that it urges the Villages, Raids and especially the Himas especially the Rangbah Shnongs, Sordars, Village Ministers, Syiems and Lyngdohs, to encourage thousands of children to buy agricultural products from the state as part of assisting the farmers of Meghalaya.
According to police sources, the truck (WB 57 B 1028) had collided with a vehicle on 5th November which caused parts of the petrol station to burn down. This morning, it suddenly caught fire while the driver and the follower were going to buy jhur.
Hek, who will be accompanied by AICC General Secretary for North East V Narayanaswamy, will pay his last respects to the Congress Chief Minister.
Notifications issued by the Vice Chancellor of the university, which have been received by Mawphor, state that the transfer of these students is for three to six months and perhaps even more. to extend.
In the second half, EJH managed to support their low wicket with a strong knock against AJCA by 53 runs.
He said that this exhibition will encourage the youth of the area to come forward and stand on their own feet to set up their own businesses in order to eradicate unemployment.
Besides donating the ambulance, the MLA also donated assistance to the poor families and those with disabilities at the meeting.
When asked how many employees are needed in the department, Bah Khongsit said that more than 20 employees are needed.
They also said that the decision of the sordars of these raids should be taken as the decision of the people of Riwar Mihngi as a whole.
The winners of the 10 K women's and men's races received cash prizes of T.30,000, T.15,000 and T.5,0
The speech at the meeting was taken by Bah SR.Bamon and in his speech, he spoke on many issues affecting the people, which as civil society organizations should take action. and to repair it.
Who said these words, “Lord, I will follow Thee whithersoever Thou goest”.
In the past, the people did not hesitate to use the parking space because in those days, the vehicle was not the main subject of everyday life. The people in those days were not rich enough to buy them as they are today.
These two climbers have been selected by the North East Zone Sport Climbing Committee to receive this opportunity especially how to train themselves in this field. the talent for their development.
On the other hand, the Head of RBI Shillong explained to the participants on the various security measures and what they should do and what they should not do in relation to the security of digital banking. , the possibility of customer fraud in financial transactions, complaints in bank operations and digital transactions, such as UPI, BHIM, USSD, and others.
He said that from Mawlai, it will spread to other constituencies where as a Jaitbynriew, this time it will turn only to the VPP. NPP and I am confident that from Mawlai it will start and spread to other constituencies and the Jaitbynriew will see that at this juncture as a Jaitbynriew we have turned only to the Voice of the People Party,” he said. to Mr. Brightstarwell.
From Tura, incumbent MP Agatha K Sangma will contest from the NPP, Congress MLA Saleng A Sangma and TMC leader Zenith Sangma will contest from the NPP.
Amritpal said life as a fighter was not easy and gave the example of Guru Gobind Singh, who left his home in Anandpur Sahib and settled in the forests of Macchiwara.
Shillong: Four trucks carrying 57 cows were seized by the BSF today on the border of East Jaintia Hills.
I would like to ask after which class can I apply for the IAS exam.
The BJP MP as well as other Ministers have resigned today,” he said.
Besides these, there are two women including Probity Nongpluh from Laitumkhrah-Mawlai constituency and Christabell Wanniang from Umroi constituency.
In 2016, the AGP had joined hands with the BJP, but since then, there has been increasing tension within the party, including Prafulla Kumar Mahanta, over the issue of The BJP has passed the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA).
Dr. Sammaia Papiah Lecturer (Homoeopathy) and Dr. Mrigank Mishra Lecturer Ayurveda along with 8 interns and students of NEIAH inspected the patients. D G Lyngdoh and teachers of the college.
Regarding the Indoor Stadium, Ma Lehkmen said that the government has allocated only T.60 lakh but the lack of construction of the remaining is due to the failure of the MLA and the contractor. The construction of the Indoor Stadium will not cost less than T.1 crore.
We don't like to blame the Minister of Home Affairs.
In the past, once they increased in education, they increased and became more perfect in morality.
“Although we have the intention to join the BJP, we will think and announce what to do after fulfilling the requirements,” he said.
When asked by Rupang how they got the information that the price of foreign countries is as explained by the Khar Kaia, Bah Bok said that they know exactly the price of foreign countries. and they cannot lie, 'We have sufficient information sources that can provide information exactly as it is here,' said the President of the Traders.
Speaking at the memorial service for Kiang Nangbah in Khliehriat, the President of the Seng, Bah Sambormi, said that the demand for the railway is not from the people, but from the leaders especially the leader of Khliehriat. the railway, while development works he could never bring about.
Jowai: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District has banned three coal factories in East Jaintia Hills from importing coal from Assam to their factories.
Jowai, June 16: The annual Shad Rong-Kusi Festival in War Jaintia Hills District, organized by the Dorbar Shnong of Lamin Village, was held today.
The BNP Joint Secretary Salahuddin Ahmed, who is also a former MP from Cox's Bazar, recently witnessed the meeting of the Governor in the House. He entered Meghalaya in Shillong and was arrested.
“We have sent to the Governor the programs that the government has planned to hold for the mid-term MDC elections and we are waiting for the approval of the Governor,” he said.
The total length of all the crematoria discovered and excavated in Meghalaya in the last 31 years is 537.6 km.
She was rushed to Guwahati Medical College Hospital but doctors said she died before reaching the hospital.
“During last year's elections in West Bengal, there were many incidents of killings, injuries and robbery across the state,” said NPP Shillong City Working President Manroi Bha. Camphor.
So far, the UDP and HSPDP have already nominated their candidates for the MDA joint candidate, while the NPP and PDF have not yet nominated themselves.
Nongstoiñ: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawshynrut on Saturday confirmed its leaders for the third time in the presence of District and Sengkmie leaders.
This Feast of Tabernacles will be held on Mount Zion.
As witnessed yesterday, it was said that during the celebration of International Yoga Day, the exercise known as Yoga which was celebrated on the 21st of July, was found across the country. The country has had many programs in which the participation of various children including the public.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The Kashari High Court will hear tomorrow at 10:30 pm the complaint of the relatives of Bah PJ Mar Banbiang who died in the robbery last month. Police Outpost is located in Pathar.
When he arrived in the country he studied Dutch.
We really need heroes in our time today who can advocate for the nation as a whole.
If all the people who sell land are foreigners, will it be easier for the government authorities to enforce the law and ban them?
“We have not seized any weapons,” he added.
The festival was canceled following the shooting death of seven people in Mukroh, Block I, West Jaintia Hills District, this morning. Meghalaya and another forest ranger from Assam.
RJTA President Paila Kordor Lyngkot, expressed his gratitude to the JHADC and JMB for taking the initiative to clean up the garbage which has been standing for many months.
“The MDA-I government has allowed this community to grow and for this reason, the police – officers in uniform have been disgraced before the High Court,” said Bah Lyngdoh. while taking part in the debate during the budget session, on the seventh day of the 11th Legislative Assembly.
Among all the countries that China has included in the list of countries that have been allowed to travel and enter and leave China, there are some countries that have not been included in the list. The largest countries are Japan, South Korea, Australia and the United States.
Gokhale first met with the Minister of PWD (Building) Dasakhiat Lamare, then with the Principal Secretary Prestone Tynsong and today with the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma.
For constables, he said the relaxation has been set from 18 years to 21+5 years, which means up to 26 years of age, and this decision was taken because it is a difficult job and it is necessary to complete the training.
However, in the 55th minute, Neroca's Malemnganba Meite scored the second goal through a mistake by Lajong's Aiban Dohling to give Neroca a 3-1 lead.
In another incident, about 300 people tried to destroy the residence of Sharda Devi, President of the BJP Women's Party in Manipur, at Porampet in Imphal West.
Upon receiving the letter, the VPP MLA from Mawlai announced that the decision on the letter will be announced to the public at 2:00 pm.
D, FISGPB) said that it will send scientists to the farms in Jaintia Hills to cultivate CAU-R1 rice which is not affected by floods.
A 3-year-old boy in California accidentally shot his 1-year-old sister with a small gun on Monday in California, according to reports.
Dr Laloo said that out of 308 land owners, 17 including military land owners did not come forward to claim land.
He also spoke on the need to raise children from an early age so that they can become intelligent.
The match between Mooknor Thadmuthlong and Panaliar was very close from start to finish, but Panaliar opened the scoring in the 4th minute through Obram Sumer.
“Because if we say that the department is for revenue generation, it doesn't mean that we have to issue Trading License to all those who apply from the Council,” he said.
There are some rangbah who don't see far away, when they get to eat the land from the family, they don't want to cultivate it because they say it will go back to the family when they don't have it anymore.
When we started working we saw that there is a lot of work to be done within the ADC, Bah Joy has fulfilled his duty and it is up to us to do the work.
¢Do not burn or pour water on electrical wires, electrical signs, as it poses a risk of electric shock to the pourer and nearby people.
Surprisingly, it was alleged that the education department of West Jaintia Hills had received information about the teacher's dropout, but had acted unfairly and caused problems to the school authorities and students.
Jowai, Lber 11: Loompyrdi Iongpiah Upper Primary School, Jowai on Saturday 9th Celebration of its 25th Anniversary of Service to the Education of School Students, held at Madan Myngkoi Pyrdi. , Iongpiah, Jowai and this festival will be held throughout the year.
“We are living in an era where only the best can survive and therefore we must be quick to implement and face the challenges in the implementation of this NEP. The number of intellectuals across the country says that there is no problem with the implementation of the NEP”.
Shillong: As part of ensuring the smooth running of schemes from the central government in the state, the BJP party in the state has appointed Bah Alexander L Hek as the Chairman of the party. by the Central Scheme Monitoring Committee.
MDC Latiplang Kharkongor was the chief guest. B. Khyriem, President, Rev. N Diengdoh, Chairman, Chairman, Indoor Games & Sports Committee, DS Wallang, Secretary, Nongthymmai Carrom Club and others. .
Babit Kharsahnoh (K1 Senior Men -51kg), 5
Shillong, November 18: A woman has been seriously injured when she was hit by a bus at Stand Jowai near Anjalee.
The DC also instructed the village authorities to arrange the times and dates for the delivery of food and drink to the homes of the people and to ensure that no one goes outside. , with no urgent tasks at all.
He said that these villages have received electricity from Khliehshnong Sub-station.
He said that the reason why he suffered was because he was thrown stones and other objects on the day when the people came to damage the house. hundreds of people came on that day, and not only destroyed the house, but also threw stones to injure him.
“Instead of having separate floors for various departments, the government intends to build floors where doctors, engineers and other government employees can stay”.
The incident happened at 12 o'clock in the morning.
He said the state health department is preparing to select companies to operate MHIS-IV after calling another tender on 26th March.
So they prepared their swords, spears and ryntieh and went up to Nongstoiñ in that market.
The order issued by the DC Khliehriat on the 22nd of this month, said that many villages have received information that many villages hold services without permission from the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills which is against the order of the government. .
Shillong: The football match between Mawlai Sports Club and Ryntih Sports Club, which was held at the Third Ground at Polo, on Friday, 14 May 29, 2022.
Shillong: A group of fishermen have been trying to fish in one of the areas of the river after a boat capsized at Umiam Lake in Ri Bhoi district this evening at 3 pm. Umiam, UCC area of ​​Mawlyndep, have suffered a tragic incident, as the boat they were on capsized in the middle of the lake.
Those who plant riewhadem should remember that in riewhadem there is a flower in the middle of the plant, and another kind of flower near the middle of the riewhadem plant.
“In politics there is no feeling, you have to laugh when this happens, it depends on the understanding of the person,” said Bah Pangniang.
The presence of BSF troops in Amlarem has now reached six months.
Therefore, taking these words of Myrsiang, I was prompted to write something on this subject thinking that perhaps it will be a wake-up call to our fellow citizens and especially to be vigilant. This is why you don't have to type in Mynder for a day.
In India, 16 people have been killed in an earthquake in Bihar today, where houses have collapsed and the worst affected areas in Bihar are Darbhanga. Patna, Sitamarhi, Purnia, Siwan and Katihar.
On this occasion, the school as a sign of encouragement to the Gold Medalist Athletes, also held a ceremony to honor them. gave a speech and are now pursuing their studies in higher education.
For the year 2021-22, the state government has issued guarantees worth T.2,980.44 crore.
“We have demanded that MeECL should ensure that there will be no power outages during these times when the students are preparing for the SSLC and HSSLC examinations of MBOSE,” said Thabah.
he became a foreigner in his own country when he met Para Khasi.
The campaign will start from the 1st of next month and will be announced on the website.
Not only that, across the state, there will be thunderstorms and thunderstorms, with wind speeds between 40 to 50 kilometers per hour.
The Lyngngam and Khasi Maram people in the Constituency are different from others in their way of thinking.
The phan, the red sorghum, the red sorghum, and the dumasla have some relationships.
However, there is only a little trouble and that is that these days, there are more drinkers than non-drinkers and in a village where there are 1000 men, if 500, they buy alcohol, so In the era of corona, it is very difficult for the village volunteers to allow the entry and exit of liquor vendors up to 50 times a day.
In this regard, the union urges the contractors to put labor licenses in the hands of the workers so as not to cause any trouble.
Request to the Pure Department to take action.
Such people are very happy to fight against the Khasi; and that they want the Khasi country to shrink gradually.
James' anger came after he asked the Minister to clarify why schools in Garo Hills have not been selected for the 1st Phase of the scheme.
Other parts of the program include the awarding of awards to Shyrwang and Tlangmoi villages under Saipung C&RD Block for being awarded as TB free villages. The DTO, South West Khasi Hills District together with the drivers have celebrated a special day to prevent road accidents during the Road Safety Month/Week 2024 under the theme, “Be a Road Safety Hero ", was held at the DTO office, South West Khasi Hills District.
“When will you come?” asked Miss. “I'll come back in two days,” he said.
With the force of the BSF troops, the robbers fled and took advantage of the forest and left behind the cows.
When asked about the lack of stadiums, grounds and venues in the district, Ma Wailadmi said that as it is now, if the tournament is to be held, as the district. He said that the Football Stadium in Wahiajer will be opened on the 23rd of this month. , as the leader, will start talks with the sports department that soon it is time to start preparations for the 6th Meghalaya Games in West Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Iaiong 17: A meeting of SSA teachers from all over the North East and SSA schools in the state was held on Saturday. as well as their leaders within India as a whole.
However, the preparations went quickly and political experts came to discuss with the party leaders, so that whoever the party is able to stand, will reach the party. They don't have any doubts, because even though there are dozens of applicants, they have decided to work together and work hard until they reach their goal.
The resignation of Bah Spar Lyngdoh will take effect from today, 9th November
Kim said there is an urgent need to have more children in order to strengthen the strength of the country as a whole.
Section 75 of the Juvenile Justice Act deals with the abuse of a minor or the allowance of activities that affect his mental and physical strength, while Section 77 deals with the abuse of a minor. young man, don't drink alcohol or take drugs.
Shillong: Shillong Police have informed the public that as part of the efforts to reduce traffic jam on Pynthorumkhrah and Pohkseh roads, the traffic rules have been changed for a while. to begin on 15 November 2023.
Rapmiki handed over the stretcher to WJDSA Honorary General Secretary Lammat Laloo and WJDSA Vice President Patrick Lamare.
At the end of the programme, the prize was awarded to the winner of the drawing competition organized by the Catholic Youth Association.
The Union has decided to hold a public meeting at Iaw Musiang on the 25th of this month at 12 noon to inform the public. on these issues and to request for your cooperation to avoid any tragic incident during or during the hours of the protest.
Meanwhile, Defense Minister James K Sangma said that this government has appointed the least number of politicians compared to the previous government.
Replying to a motion by Congress MDC from Mylliem Ronnie V. Lyngdoh on the ban on quarrying, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Titosstarwell Chyne, said in the House, The Legislative Assembly has sent a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on 19th June, requesting him to intervene in the amendment of the MMMCR, .
Athletics coach Radhakrishnan Nair has confirmed that Hima Das will miss the Asian Games in China due to an injury from June this year.
The NNSSCC will continue the match on the 12th of this month between 7 Wasa and Peerless FC from Kolkata at 1 pm.
In the Home Quarantine Dairy, it is clearly explained to those who are under Home Quarantine whether they have the symptoms as explained in the Dairy and they have to fill it every day until the end of 14 days.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today said in the Legislative Assembly, that there is a shortage of IAS officers in the state.
Doctors who attended the event included Dr. LRynjah from Laban Dispensary, Dr. BR Garod from Lumparing UPHC, Dr. K. Nongbri (Pediatrics) from Children's Hospital, Dr. A. Dkhar. (ENT) from Robert Hospital, Dr.T.Syngkon and Dr.A.Lyngdoh (Dentist) from Titanium Dental Health Care and doctors from Bansara Eye Clinic.
The Minister also encouraged the parents as well as the job seekers to turn their attention to their own jobs instead of government jobs.
The Finance Minister said the Electronic National Agriculture Market has connected to 1361 mandis and serves 1.8 crore farmers through trade activities worth T.3 lakh crore.
As the days went by, the murder rate increased.
He wants to bring about sustainable economic development and to be the daily life of his brothers and sisters from this constituency.
He made his debut against South Africa in November
Furthermore, the second part of the program was held where there was a 'Mr Freshers' and 'Miss Fresher's competition. Mr Freshers and Manisha Pohdweng as Miss Freshers
Chadha said he did not take the signatures or send them.
One of the passers of the DSC examination, Kong Paskalina Lyngdoh, while speaking at the venue, said that according to the information, there are many vacancies in government departments like Veterinary, Education. , Agriculture and other departments but the government has not filled them.
When asked by some of the Congress MDCs, they said that the party is still ready to fight for the other MDCs in the ARPA and if it feels that the number of MDCs in the ARPA will increase. Speaking to u SP News Agency, u Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, Leader of the Opposition, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, said that he is still the candidate for the post of CEM. The opposition leader has not yet said whom the Congress will nominate as the CEM candidate this time, but from the talks with Bah Pynshngain, former CEM, it is understood that if the Congress nominates the CEM candidate, he is still the CEM candidate this time too.
Nongstoiñ: The Christian Endeavor Union (CEUJSMD) on Saturday visited the children of the Green Pasture Children's Home at Pyndengrei village in Nongstoin. They also donated various items to these children.
Hamas militants have hidden a large quantity of ammunition in MRI machines at the largest hospital in Gaza, according to a military raid at 2am. at al-Shifa Hospital.
Mr. Coming held a review meeting to review the implementation of various schemes implemented by the Ministry such as One Nation One Ration Card (ONORC), Aadhaar Seeding, Electronic Point-of-Sale (e-PoS). ), the collection of all FPS GPS Coordinates and the monitoring of the movement of vehicles carrying ration across the state and others.
However, even though one of the political parties in the state has seized illegal coal trucks, the Government has remained silent as if nothing had happened.
Such groups should not be allowed to disturb.
Can we just listen to this mistreatment of the Roster System which has disappointed the young applicants of the jaitbynriew? It has disappointed them without their fault, but only because of following the Reservation Roster according to the rules. of the new OM.
In 2021, India ranked 101st out of 116 countries, while in 2020, it ranked 94th.
A US Senate member has warned that 10,000 ISIS militants imprisoned in Syria will be released in the coming days after Turkey launched an invasion of Syria. The Kurdish camp, where the bomb exploded, hit the prison where the militants were being held.
Shillong, June 7 : Leaders of the Women's Trading Organization (WTO) West Garo Hills, Tura on Tuesday submitted a petition to the CEM of GHADC demanding a ban on the entry of goods. illegal tax collection from Garo traders and also to stop the illegal collection of taxes from Garo traders.
Pradip Kumar Bania
He was elected to the Lok Sabha for the fourth time from Tura constituency in
He said that if the party goes to the elections in 2016, under the leadership of Tarun Gogoi, the problem is that they will not get even 40 members in the State Legislative Assembly. .
“So finally we have discussed and decided to set up a committee headed by the Secretary Urban Affairs and the members will include from the three district councils along with the necessary departments,” he added.
Shillong: The Cabinet meeting today approved the amendment of the Meghalaya Excise Rules to increase revenue collection for the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The traffic rules for the visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to Shillong on the 27th of July will be announced at 8 pm.
The Chief Secretary's remarks came after AITC Leader Dr Mukul Sangma and MPCC President Vincent H Pala accused the MDA government of coal mining. .
Until now, it is not known who owned the plane, which was used by Iliy.
Also to Bah Edius Thongni Leader of the Congress Party and his colleagues, together with other supporters who came to join the party, to support Bah Gigur Myrthong in this event. MLA election is coming.
On the other hand, KSU President Lambokstar Marngar said that if the government does not agree to suspend the construction of the railway line to Byrnihat, the KSU leaders will leave the meeting. .
This writer does not agree that the saipan officials should buy and run all the sports activities themselves.
For now, it should stop destroying the environment, the government should strengthen tourism, agriculture, livestock, and other related activities that do not destroy the environment but if If the quarrying continues, the destruction of the environment, soon the Khasi-Jaintia country will remain a shyieng and there will be a terrible disaster for the nation.
Bah R.Kharsyntriew, one of the synsar traders from West Khasi Hills, said that in the past years, when the government did not recognize synsar as an agricultural commodity, when he went to sell synsar in Shillong. even if it increases a little, it doesn't increase.
At the same time, the Deputy Commissioner has already promised in front of the people of the Elaka to file an FIR against these coke factories. He will arrest them all because they have not followed the rules of law, but unfortunately the office of the Deputy Commissioner has not done anything yet.
After breaking the bread, he left the synagogue.
These young men have surprised many churches in Ri Bhoi and can also be said even in the state and the country as a whole, because as young people who have left well in mind and even though they cannot see them. Fr.James Mani conducted the wedding ceremony on the 9th June 2024 at Nongpoh Parish, where the couple took the oath of allegiance. be one whether in sickness, in peace or in any other area of ​​life.
He said that the Seng demands that the Syiem should order the workers of the 11 households at the Neibanlamphrang Law factory to leave, because they have brought all the households. Because the time will come when they will become residents of that area and the inheritance will suffer because they will increase if they are allowed.
There are about 50 roads within a distance of 10-20km including Dewsaw Pathaw and Mawkhap.
They understood the desire of the slaves to gain freedom and to start a new life in a free and prosperous country.
“If we don't understand the purpose of God, it is for this reason that you see in these villages of this part of the villages that they are doing too much to the environment between the purpose of the three women to improve and To improve the environment to plant green forests so that the water supply for agriculture, the fertilizer in the soil will be sufficient, so that there will be fish to plant and bury the children of thousands, but there are still some of us who burn the fires of the siej and to act against it and to act against it is a misunderstanding of the divine mandate that has been given to us.
We also see that the demand to amend the Reservation Policy has not reached the ears of the Garo people and they have strongly opposed and will never allow the amendment of the Reservation Policy. The State of Meghalaya while we are still in the same State because we have been ruled and administered by them since the beginning of Meghalaya.
Guwahati: The Guwahati High Court has ordered the police to provide detailed information on the unacceptable incident in connection with the destruction of the houses of those accused of burning Police Station in Nagaon, Assam.
Through RTI, the Seng has announced publicly the schemes distributed to the people through the MLA, the SR WP, CMSRDF schemes, for the year 2018 to
He has been a member of the MLC for 18 years and has also been the BJP leader in the Council.
" “Only those who have connections with government officials have been allowed to mine coal, while other small farmers who try to mine are harassed and punished by the law which harasses and punishes many people. Erwin said and demanded that if the government opens to trade or mine coal, it should open all salonsar without any discrimination for the benefit of the people.
The State Mandal has not yet taken a final decision on whether to nominate a candidate or not.
The importance of literacy and education is the first priority these days.
All the groups from Khasi, Jaintia and Garo who took part in the event were talented and talented in the field of music. .
“When there is any shortage of electricity supply, the authorities have done it themselves, and in this way there has been no cost and delay in the distribution of electricity,” he said.
Former Mylliem MLA and Chief Adviser to the Chief Minister, Bah Hamlet Dohling said that the road from 12Mer to Mawkhar will be constructed at a cost of Rs 3.34 crore.
The AICC chief said that it is the Congress party that founded the NEHU.
The robbers killed and broke his body, while the vehicle of Dameihipaia Papeng was taken to Silshar Assam.
Earlier, Kejriwal was shot dead by a young boy in South Delhi on the 4th of this month.
He said the discussion was about the refusal of the Bhopal Board to accept the application of Kiang Nangbah College although it had already applied.
In this case, there will be only three or four people to run this business, other outlets will fall under the management of these outlets.
Shillong: A coal truck coming from Mairang area and a scooter collided at Laimer, Upper Shillong on Friday night at around 7 pm. from Iew to Laitjem.
The chief guest was Rgh SK Sunn MLA of Mawphlang Constituency and the chief guest was Waheh Puramon Kynjing Dolloi of Jowai District. King Rice.
The Executive Members (EMs) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) led by Bah Victor Rani in charge of Culture and Heritage and Bah Rangkynsai Kharbuki visited the Khasi Heritage Village at Mawphlang. East Khasi Hills which was held today 10th July
Ali, who is in grade 7, does not charge any money when he teaches students and said he wants to train thousands of engineers by the end of
It makes a person useless everywhere.
Shillong, Naitung 25: Police of KHADC, led by Superintendent Bah Polan Sohphoh, this morning raided different parts of the market, where they raided seven groups to search for shops which have crowded the footpaths in Iewduh and also to close down shops which have excessively sold their goods outside the shops which has caused crowding in the market.
Mynriang Presbyterian LP&UP School, Mawryngkneng Block, has concluded its School Week 2023 which started from 23rd to 30th March 2023, in the presence of CEM of KHADC Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem as the Chief Guest On the opening day of the School Week, Babu WR Kharkongor, President of MSSASA East Khasi Hill District, inaugurated the school week. to conduct many different sports, including long jump, three leg race sponse, tug of war race, relay race football, sag race singing quiz exterm pore speech, arms wresting carrom board and others.
“However, the IPR Ministry has discussed the issue of replacing the people with the Information & Broadcasting Ministry, the Government of India which will sit in accordance with its rules and procedures,” he added.
This opportunity was taken to request the Catholics in Shillong not to bring their own vehicles to Laitumkhrah so that there will be no traffic problems.
Today, Kropha also spoke in a different tone on the outcome of the talks between Mukul Sangma and the political parties. its closure, for talks with civil society as well as political parties.
The closing date will be on or before 15th March 2020 and players are encouraged to bring their passport size photographs.
The police chief, an Assistant Sub-Inspector of Punjab Police, was fined Rs 50,0
The bamshah is one from which not everyone can escape.
Our election of representatives once every five years to give them the opportunity to serve the people.
Condemning the government's delay in implementing the Integrated Basin Development Livelihood Program (IBDLPP) to develop and increase employment opportunities in the rural areas, Sangma said the MDA government is trying its best. They have tried to use this program only for their own benefit, because there has been a mismanagement of the work, according to the findings and observations in the news.
Ardent said many issues were discussed in the Budget Session of the Legislative Assembly as shortcomings were seen in the implementation of the Roster System.
Former Wahhnong of Ladmukhla, Ebormi Lyngdoh has been re-elected as the new Wahhnong of Ladmukhla.
On this occasion, the Governor of Meghalaya presented the Meghalaya Day Excellence Awards 2022 to 18 government employees for their outstanding service to the people. The Meghalaya Day Run was organized by the Directorate of Sports & Youth Affairs.
Robert Lewandowski scored from the penalty spot in the 99th minute for Poland.
The injured included two policemen.
The Director congratulated the Faculty of NEIGRIHMS on this occasion and said that he has received the cooperation of almost all the Faculty in this regard.
“Many people accuse the BJP of being a Hindu party, but I tell you that the BJP is not like that.
Sanfida Nongrum scored the first goal for Meghalaya in the 8th minute but Gujarat turned the tide after 4 minutes to make it 1-1 at the end of the first half.
The JSU has urged the Prime Minister to take action on the issue of these JHADC employees and requested the District Council Affairs Department to take immediate action to help release the remaining salaries of the JHADC employees. The employees have been suffering from the salary cut for many months and they are facing a lot of difficulties to pay for their monthly expenses from household expenses, school fees and children's expenses. They have to borrow money to meet their household needs.
Raymond Mylliempdah scored 30 runs from 30 balls while Jhon Shabong scored 24 runs from 34 balls.
He said that it is necessary to balance between the environment and income and this meeting is part of the goal of the State Government to bring about balance between livelihood opportunities, income. and the environment in order to meet the needs for the economy and preserve the environment for future generations.
The meeting was conducted by the President of the Seiñ Raij, Binroy Dkhar, while the welcome speech was delivered by the General Secretary, Hamjhan H Dkhar. that the existence of this Museum will be of benefit to the future generations.
The meeting was conducted by Lambert Lyngdoh and delivered a speech by Lambormi Suchen, SDO of MSSDS. .
From these larvae come out the larvae which spread through the bark and then enter and stay inside the tree for about 8 months.
Speaking at a short meeting at the MDSA office, Amebalaker Wanniang expressed his gratitude to the coaches who have been his right hand and left hand at all times since He started his career in this sport because without their guidance he would not have been able to reach this goal.
“Agriculture is carried out on five lakh acres of land in the area.
Conrad said there is a slight dispute between the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC), the Assam government and the Meghalaya government regarding the location of the toll gate.
The meeting included those districts which have less than 50% completion of the first dose and shortage of completion of the second dose of Covid vaccine.
Shillong, March 07: The demand of the ANVC to strengthen the functioning of the District Council in Garo Hills will be implemented in all the District Councils in the state. Replying to a question by Bah Paul Lyngdoh (UDP), Mukul Sangma said the government has not yet sent any recommendations to the Government of India for the renewal of the Constitution. the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of the country.
“During the investigation, police have found many evidences that show that Bah Thangkhiew was involved in the IED blasts in Khliehriat and Laitumkhrah. East Khasi Hills Hill this morning.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister has acknowledged that the revenue collection gate is still in place in Khanduli but there is no more revenue collection.
Shillong, Nailur 24: Government offices in West Khasi Hills have been closed during the blockade of HANM offices in the district.
All this is God's love for us and that our relationship with God will be perfect every moment.
If we have to protect only the environment, where is the opportunity to earn a living? And if we allow too much of ourselves, what will happen to the environment? We understand that we cannot provide 100 out of 100 of these things, but we must strive to bring about provision so that it does not affect anyone too much.
No country has escaped the impact of this terrible change.
Speaking to reporters, the president of KAS said that unless we fight hard, we will not be able to convince for the inclusion of the Khasi language in Article 8 of the Constitution of India.
The PDF won four MLAs in 2018, while the NPP gave only two ministers.
Jowai: Jowai has celebrated its 47th Independence Day with the celebration of the 5th Anniversary of the Rashtriya Kishor Swasthya Karya Scheme (RKSK) in West Jaintia Hills District.
Know that for the first time, heroin, which is not clean, makes him or her forget the world, they feel that they are back in the mother's womb, this makes them continue in the second and third.
“We have received information that there has been an incident where a child has contracted measles and went to Shella PHC to get medicine but after examination it was found that the hospital does not have enough medical facilities and has been evacuated. He was taken to Ichamati CHC which is about 13-15 kms away but when he arrived at the CHC he found that the CHC does not have enough medical facilities and he was transferred to Sohra CHC which is about 45 kms away from Shella. the petition said.
The incident occurred after the construction of the Top Um of the JJM scheme was started on a site donated by a Longkmie from Barapathar village. Two persons from Assam have claimed that the land belongs to Assam while the land belongs to Barapathar Village in Meghalaya.
Safa and Marwa Ullah were born with their heads cut off.
At present, he said, the government is ready to train another 8,000 teachers and they do not want the same thing to happen.
Bah OR Shallam invited all the people to the Shad Behdienkhlam celebration for the sake of blessings, health, prosperity, prosperity, increase in income, education and blessings. in all directions.
In the girls' category, Seiñraij H/S School came first, QC Springside H/S School came second and Tome Memorial Secondary School came third.
, Member KJCLF, said as follows to Nongsaiñ Hima dt.30.12.2022-“One of the things that many of the people have been doing is the secret giving of money to buy your and my vote.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the delay in getting the land for the Shillong Medical College and Tura Medical College is due to the delay in getting the land.
At this night market, the focus is not only on earning the same but having a close relationship with the vendors.
The union urges the contractor to implement the footpath, pavement markings and traffic signs, so that it will be convenient for the school children of the 7 villages who pass through this road.
Girls High School and Jail Road Govt Boy's High School visited Sadar Police Station and received an explanation from Shillong Police Chief.
US officials say Israel launched an attack and Washington was informed of it ahead of the attack, killing dozens of Iranian soldiers. and those who support Assad.
And it came to pass in the morning, that they both went out.
The 58th Annual ACM Awards will be held on 11th January at the Ford Center and this will be the second time Dolly has been selected to host the awards ceremony.
The KSU believes that the Legislative Assembly should discuss well so that it can stop these 8 foreigners and also to eradicate such incidents in the coming years.
It’s easy to understand and simple to do on your own.
The decision was taken on the basis of a complaint filed by the party against the anti-public decisions of the party, led by KS Kropha, Addl Chief Secretary, in the meeting. The loss of income of those who used to mine coal and the payment of loans to banks and other problems.
"It is no longer a war, but a massacre," the IDF said. Three journalists from Gaza were killed in the Israeli bombing. Four other journalists have been killed in the past two days of Israeli bombing, Gaza officials said.
The NDRF, SDRF and police have tried to rescue these people but they have been trapped inside the coal mine for six days. and now they have not found anything because of the depth of the cremation.
It also gives us rest so that we can dwell in a holy place, which is the temple of the Lord.
This tree can grow at the end of the spring before the rain.
The Policy itself clearly states that the allocation of employment should be based on population.
“U Ban Process was also the one who instigated the removal of Bah Pynshngaiñ when we were in the Congress party, he should have taken a decision to resign,” he said.
In another development, the FKJGP (Mawlai Circle) has expressed its surprise over the news that the Minister of Urban Affairs in the Legislative Assembly, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, has said that Mawlai Village as a whole falls under the you say 'slum area'.
On this occasion, Bah P.Kurbah (Executive Engineer) Water Resources who conducted the meeting, explained the purpose of the project. it happened every year.
They said that they have met with the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, many times on the issue, and although he has promised, but they said that the issue remains the same.
He said that the village requests the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, to announce the opening of the Mawhati Market, so that the market can run smoothly.
As the brother of Bah Lestarwell, he expressed his deep sorrow over the incident which happened to his sister who was expelled just because of her dress. I feel that we Indians are free in India to dress in our own traditional dress, if they do that why do they invite us to go to this “I don't know what to do,” said Lestarwell.
On the other hand, the head coach of Shillong Lajong, Bah Bobby Nongbet, while speaking to the media, expressed his excitement for the match on Tuesday especially after the team won. However, he said that they will not take sting in this match against Delhi FC after their victory against Aizawl FC away from home. some of the best players in their team.
Hundreds of people have been killed today in the shooting deaths of Myanmar troops.
The Minister also explained the proposal to increase the number of MDCs in GHADC from 30 to 42, of which 36 will be elected and 6 appointed.
They also seized a police uniform, tupia, identity cards, water guns, shotguns, medals and other counterfeit items.
I am God, and there is none like me.
In the letter sent to Sr.
Nongpoh, Nailar 25 : Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) Ri-Bhoi District today came out to express their strong opposition to the casino which has been built in Ri-Bhoi is in the midst of many challenges.
Therefore, the union urges the NHAI authorities to immediately remove the soil, shyiap and mawria which have been hidden in this bad road, as it has affected the traffic and traffic of the people. which is very dangerous for drivers, especially at night and who are not familiar with the situation on the road.
Her brother, who is also a cyclist, is a strong supporter for Phyrnai and it is through his brother's cycle that she will win the goal.
The Jal Shakti Ministry, which is responsible for the quality of the water sources of the rivers, has found for itself how clean the Umngot River is.
He said that as Diwali is a festival of light, Netflix India should also reflect the identity, lifestyle, beliefs and aspirations of the nation and not to lead. wrong pictures and videos to the world about our country and nation.
“You came...” Bah Deng said first, “Yes, you came slowly.
James Lyngdoh, Working President, said that the directive has been sent to the districts to send their names to those who wish to contest the election. Lok Sabha 2019 from Shillong Seat.
There are currently 70 UK troops and 150 US Navy Seals in Lithuania who are well prepared to carry out this dangerous task if necessary. with the Ukrainian army.
“If the synrop gathers only to gain power or to commit corruption or to allow its own relatives, such a synrop group is very harmful to the country.
The theft of cattle by farmers and cattle breeders has happened from time to time in Wapungshnong, Jalyiah, Lumchyrmit, Pamra and other areas.
The reason for the block is the trucks carrying coal.
2-year-old Ed could never keep up.
Shillong: There are 89 cases of covid-19 in Ri-Bhoi district, including 12 cases from Byrwa, Downgate Cluster 6, NEPA Cluster 44, NeRIE Cluster 4, Pahamsyiem Cluster 10 and other places.
In a meeting with former DC Bah T. Lyngwa, he said that the land fee has been paid at a cost of 97 lakh tyngka and the area is more than 8 acres which is also the land of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council. , where it is planned to build this Entry Exit Point.
He said that the presence of this pharmacy has been a great benefit to Barato and the surrounding villages.
"What did he (Bah Pala) say before the election? And now he is trying to cover up his statement as if he wanted to join the NPP. he is to overcome the challenges ahead.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the state government has received T.135.08 crore under the Pradhan Mantri Khanij Kshetra Kalyan Yojana (PMKKKY) since the implementation of the scheme. until now.
This shows that the NPP is trying to violate the rules of democracy.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma said, “We are pleased that the [2
The incident occurred after an attack by DRG troops in which about 10 people were killed in an attack by militants in Dantewada in Chhattisgarh.
Argentina beat Croatia 3-0 in Group D in Nizhny Novgorod on Saturday night at the World Cup in Russia. Stadium.
During the meeting, they also handed over a letter signed by all the village headmen of the area, so that the officer can inform the government to take the necessary action.
This ban will come into force immediately until the end of the election.
They said that all the residents of the area live on agriculture and the land is very fertile where all kinds of trees, kwai, Tympew, Kait, Sohtrun, and others are grown. others are the most important agricultural products in the area.
All the office bearers of the UCPF were welcomed by the Chief Secretary of the UCPF in the presence of Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary, Donbok Khymdeit, MLA Ranikor, Balajied Kupar. Synrem MLA Shella, UDP office bearers from the state, district and women.
The meeting was conducted by the Inspector of Excise in the presence of the owner of Jiva Resort to inform the public about the intention of opening the resort. Resort to open this page.
NONGSTOIN: A mother has lost her child in a tragic incident due to lack of access to health facilities due to a fishing competition in Pamphyrnai Pond in Ksehkohlong village. There was a heavy traffic jam from Nongspung to Pamphyrnai and Umlieh.
The Khasi Student Union (KSU) Hynniewtrep Area Unit has strongly warned against shopkeepers and foreigners.
While the union was searching for these drug users, a foreigner quickly broke the injection needles and claimed that he was not a drug user, but the union gave a strong punishment.
Surprisingly, the farmers in Khasi-Jaintia Hills have not been able to cultivate this soh.
At the same time, he is proud that this young woman has not only brought fame and glory but has also set an example for other young women.
At the same time, the police have warned that people should not drink alcohol in Nan Polok and in public places as they will not forgive and will arrest according to the law.
It is also a factory that produces confusion, doubt, fear and obstacles.
On the other hand, Bah Shangpliang said that after losing the MLA election, he thought that if he continues to contest, both the candidates will lose and the loss will be to the people especially the farmers. employee.
The valley in the lower part is shorter and may be about fifty feet wide.
Today, as part of strengthening the NPP in Nongpoh Constituency, the candidate for the 2023 election from this constituency has held a meeting with the NPP office bearers to meet with the NPP office bearers. Dr DD Lapang, Chairman of the Board.
The race was held on the 13th and 14th of March at the Agri Expo in Dimapur.
On the opening day of the dorbar synrai, Dr Mukul Sangma admitted that he has enough evidence that there is a smuggling of coal from Meghalaya.
“The participation abroad will attract people because they don't know Meghalaya or Shillong.
The JN Sports Complex has been taken over by the Government for other non-sports purposes.
It is suspected that these robbers may be drug addicts.
As it is now and in the past years, the Jaitbynriew has been stable because the decision we have taken is not a stable decision and in order to achieve the cause, the Spirit of the Jaitbynriew, needs We urge you to choose responsibly at this juncture on the basis of the issues that affect the Jaitbynriew and the State as a whole.
He said that after the four Congress MLAs left to support the MDA government which has joined hands with the BJP, the MPCC has suspended them and after a few months it has informed them. He said the MPCC has been waiting and expecting these four members to respond, but they have not come out. .
Even the big companies that have bought all the sports events in the world cannot save the quality of sports activities in Meghalaya.
The magistrates, who used to look after the offenders, have now become busy looking after the ants and that is to create the means to kill these ants that enter the houses. the houses, the fields, the fields of the people.
On the other hand, u Wailad Shylla in his speech congratulated these blood donors who have donated blood from time to time, reminding them that blood is essential for those who need it urgently. He urged them to continue to donate blood inside the blood bank.
He said it was their mistaken belief that they had taken the path of terrorism.
The ILP has been passed by the House by Resolution and submitted to the Central Government since 2019 but no clarity has been received yet.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh, President SSA as the Chief Guest, Bah SM Lyngdoh Football Secretary and members of the tournament committee.
Out of these 9 candidates, 8 candidates will contest in KHADC while one candidate will contest in JHADC. 14 candidates in the first list of which 4 candidates will contest in JHADC while 10 candidates will contest in KHADC There are 23 candidates in the second list and 18 candidates will contest in KHADC while 5 candidates will contest in JHADC. Only four women candidates, Grace Kharpuri from Nongshken, Teilinia Thangkhiew from Mylliem, Dr Fenela Nonglait from Pariong Mawthadraishan and Nosi Lyngdoh from Jirang, were nominated.
The purpose of this Center is to improve the income of the farmers where the Government supports the farmers how to improve the planting of trees and the cultivation of soybeans and how to not pyut.
With this victory, Lajong have moved up to third position with three wins in a row and three draws from all six games.
He said that education is the top priority of the government and thus the government in 2020 has increased the allocation for education from Rs 27 crore to Rs 350 crore and The Government has also allocated Rs 3000 crore for the development of youth in various sectors.
The JSM distributed 40 children and disabled persons on the 22nd of this month at Mynsngat.
Also present on the occasion were the High Commissioner of India to Bangladesh, Pranay Kumar Verma, Chairman Mohd Alamgir, Chairman LPAI Aditya Mishra and other officials from the Government of Meghalaya.
Toi, although the truth is not explained.
The state team under the auspices of the Meghalaya Roll Ball Association (MRBA) has left for the national level under the leadership of Bah Suklang Dkhar.
There are some villages which allow Khasi women to marry foreigners, but they stipulate that the foreigner must follow the rules within the village and also that he must enter the village. the religion in the village.
A book required for students doing project work & researchers.
Speaking on the state and the long-standing demands of the people, Bah Samuel said that the Indian government has not listened to the demands of the people for many years.
He also served as Vice-President of the party for a short time.
He said that the merger should strengthen the UDP and the spirit of patriotism.
He said that the area is rich in agricultural products such as synsar, soh ki pai and other crops, but due to the lack of roads, many crops especially The fruit is rotten, because even the price of selling it doesn't come out.
He said that the bill which used to be T.450 per month has now increased to T.9260 per month which has raised many questions.
Surprisingly, however, although all living things have been destroyed, the Bible has not been destroyed.
“Although this youth escaped from the Assam police after the release of Bah Pangniang, but this action of the Assam police has shocked the youth of the area until they did not follow anymore. They have to flee to the forest,” said Jylliew Marwein.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, former Waheh Shnong of Saba Roming Suchiang said, “During our visit as residents, we found that the farmers of Mooshrot have forcibly cultivated in this forest without permission from Saba. .
In this age, the village administration is no longer like in the old days when there were no plastic and other electrical appliances.
The Indian coach, Samla Pynshai Mawrie, resident of Mawlai Phudmuri East (B), led the delegation to the tournament.
Ministers cannot be expected to know all the portfolios.
These things have already happened and will happen.
After this announcement by the angels, the shepherds went to Bethlehem and found Mary and Joseph and the baby Jesus lying in a manger......the shepherds went back. glorifying and praising God for all the things that they had seen and heard, as the angel had told them" Luke 2:2
In today's world and especially for Meghalaya, the increase in the number of drug users is the most terrible battle.
He said that the Loop In Loop Out (LILO) of the Pallatana-Bongaigaon Transmission at Byrnihat was completed and the line at Killing Sub Station was implemented in October last year and the state received 79 MW from the Pallatana Project. .
We should respect all those who work in any field and at the same time we should instill in our heritage that all kinds of work are honorable, and we should be proud to work in any field. task.
James K Sangma MLA of the NPP from Dadenggre constituency on Tuesday said that the Congress from Garo Hills will not win more than five MLAs in the 2018 MLA elections. Dr. Mukul Sangma's power in many ways.
The provisions of the Schedule are alive and well if we know how to use them to keep them alive, not just to put them in the chapters of the Schedule.
He said that the consumption of fish in the state is very high and at the same time the import of fish from outside the state like Andhra Pradesh and Orissa is also very high due to the shortage of fish. fish production in the state.
Nature is called 'Mei' because it gives us food, clothes, rice, fruit, meat...Without it we cannot live.
Shortly after, he called me again and was at the airport".
Dehradun, Naiwieng 21: Forty-one workers working on a road tunnel in Uttarakhand have been stranded for 40 days and have not been rescued yet.
Arjun Meghwal is the Minister in charge of Water Resources.
Lajong's Freestar scored the first goal for Lajong in the 14th minute and Langsning turned the tide in the 23rd minute through Figo Syndai.
“We are investigating the cause of the incident. The man was working in the coal mines during the coal mining season,” said South Garo Hills Police. The UALA led by former ANVC-B Commander Singbirth N Marak alias Norrok X Momin has been arrested for allegedly stealing his troops from the area. Police have arrested them in the past few days.
In a statement sent by Bah L.Marngar President WYWC, he said that the WYWC has found through RTI that on 4th July 2013, the non-implementation of MLA schemes especially in the SRWP and ISYDP. that constituency.
They have been selected for 5 years without qualification.
These include the three First Twenty candidates from SSLC – Reesa Ee Christine Suting who came in 11th position, Mendelson M. Langstang who came in 14th position and Rilanaika Sari who came in 14th position. in the 20th position.
The All Jaintia Muster Roll Workers Labor Union Jowai has requested the Chief Minister to provide rice, dai, sugar and flour to all the contractors registered under the Meghalaya Building and Other Construction Workers Union. The Welfare Board (MB&OCWB) of the Department of Labour.
The new song 'Pehle Jaisi Baat Nahi' is a combination of Bollywood and Hip Hop.
Therefore, they have to pay taxes or pay exactly, otherwise, they will be punished by the government.
They said that there are many educational opportunities for students to go after completing Class X and Class XII, not to mention any education department because everyone has a role to play if the students complete their studies. three shirts and minutes thop.
A souvenir on the history of the school was also launched by the chief guests and elders.
At the same time, he promised that in the coming years there will be no more such festivals on Sunday, so that it will not affect the feelings of the people.
Why should we remain in wonder? Why should I be alone? And we also went with them.
(Dr.) BD Mishra (Retd.) together with his wife Neelam Mishra today closed the Basketball and Tennis Tournament held at Raj Bhavan.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The teachers of St. Mary's College today staged a strike to protest against the non-release of salaries.
The time has come for us to look at other nations which have progressed in all aspects and we can say that even if there are changes in all aspects but they have not forgotten their own culture and They are quick to become those young men who look after how to protect their nation.
Speaking to reporters, the newly elected MP of Shillong, Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon, on Tuesday promised to fulfill the aspirations of the people of Ri Lum Jaintia. He said that the people have been disappointed with the political developments in Meghalaya.
Nongpoh, Lber 6: A fire broke out in Umsning Market this evening at 4 pm and in this fire up to 5 or 6 shops in the market ingkhong The total cost of the project has reached lakhs of rupees.
Practicing Yoga using all the limbs of the body helps to shape the body of the practitioner.
He also urged the government to be more vigilant in searching for the illegal entry of foreigners into the state. The state does not take action, the party together with the Rangbah Shnongs, the Samla Shnongs will not allow foreigners to enter the state without the right path.
Officials from the Department of Agriculture explained about the PM Kissan Scheme or the government's financial assistance for farmers under the Kissan Scheme, by explaining that the government has changed the rules for those who can receive this scheme. The scheme is only for those who have their own farmland.
“They suggested that there should be a full time CMD or CEO to run the operations of MeECL,” he said.
Erwin Sutnga said that the demand for the cancellation of the agreement is on the land acquired by Assam under the Schedule I of Assam which states that the The Khasi State has not accepted this and has done and implemented it by force.
In fact, most of the oil used in India today is almond oil, or sesame oil, or sesame oil, or kynphad oil or other oils. four plant seeds.
However, it is regrettable that the MOU does not include a single suggestion on the give and take policy as discussed.
“We have directed the District Council through the CEM and the Dy.CM in charge of the Elaka Department to inform the Rangbah Shnongs, Syiems and Sordars in advance so that they can do their duty so that “We have visited the Regional Committee of Meghalaya and Assam to inspect the work,” said Prestone.
Ebenezer Phawa scored 52 runs off 39 balls.
“My withdrawal from the struggle is not because of taking money, it is my personal reason,” said Bah Justice.
One shop sells natural food items and the other sells chemicals.
Guwahati: The number of cases of COVID-19 in Assam has risen to
Mardingstar Marngar, Secretary Village of Lawrapha, said, “In the past few years, we have faced a lot of problems in terms of traffic and transportation.
If you go to the Majai area, there are Manipuri basti, there are places of worship, there is New Majai, and the trade is filled with foreign states, foreign countries.
He said that the bridge will be used for trucks carrying 40 MT.
Bral Lamurong 13.
Nongpoh, Naitung 05: In a robbery incident at Mawtnum village, Ri Bhoi District, robbers have stolen only the engine of a power tiller belonging to Bah JW Lapang. in the field for the purpose of plowing.
The PMGSY-III was launched in 2019 to cover an additional 1,25,000 Km through roads and connectivity points between settlements, ie Gramin agricultural markets, higher secondary schools and hospitals.
The leaders and members of the Nartiang Block Congress Committee have unanimously decided to work hard to win the Congress party candidate this time, said the General Secretary.
The Meghalaya High Court last year directed the state government to implement the Roster System since the Reservation Policy came into force. Chairman of the MPSC to get more clarification on this issue”.
“We have recovered and arrested two suspects and we are investigating them to find out who is involved,” said the SP. Fulness Lyngdoh, a longkmie, has lived a difficult life after her husband has fled and she has had to work hard to support her son. my alone.
Spring is the time when life, especially plants, appears again as soon as the snow falls in the second month of June.
The Government should not support the Minimum Support Price (MSP) when the price of agricultural products is too high or to avoid price increase.
Buses should not carry more than 50%.
He said that the government will find a way to do this as soon as possible because this large area is not funded by the state government and will be brought through the central fund. Shah, Union Minister to express the need for financial assistance to the department in the state, on the other hand, the Union Minister also promised to do whatever is needed.
Shah was discharged from Medanta Hospital in Gurgaon on Tuesday after recovering from the corona virus and has since stayed at home.
Kharkongor said that he has had many suggestions to KHNAM regarding the issue of the jaitbynriew, but KHNAM has not listened to even a single suggestion. he.
So at the end of the first half the game ended in a draw.
Leaders of seven political parties from Sohra area including UHM, CRYF, FKJGP Sohra, HANM South East Sohra, HNYF South East Sohra, HYC and FKGJP Riwar Zone on 8th November The HNYM has criticized the Land Custom Station in Majai for the lack of state revenue and said that this has affected the area.
Ahidul, on receiving the gun, fled the scene and at that time, ER Marak, Sub Inspector, shot in the air to frighten the man, who was carrying the gun. gun.
During the inspection, those foreigners who do not have proper documents were given time to submit within 10 days and after that, if they cannot submit, they were required to leave immediately. their shops or factories.
Ah! you're a human being"
U Army Lipon in his speech urged the parents to take good care of their children to live a healthy life. Even in the Dewbilat factories that have been established in Jaintia Hills, these youths should get jobs as a way to smuggle foreigners.
On the same day, Conrad K. Sangma, after inaugurating the Patharkhmah Civil Sub-Division, left for Marmaiñ to inaugurate the Marmaiñ PHC and after that he left for Pahamsyiem to inaugurate the PHC. GNM Nursing School is located at Pahamsyiem Village, Nongpoh.
There has been a great deal of confusion among the scientists of ISRO last night, after the departure of Vikram, because it was a hard work that has been going on for many years, involving hundreds of scientists. The aim is to make India the fourth country in the world to land on the moon.
She said that when Archbishop Dominic Jala became a priest and when he became a Lyngdohsad, he never forgot his family and the community.
When the sailors found out why, they threw Jonah into the sea, and the storm stopped.
Phoenix Police said they received a tip from the authorities of Bostrom High School in Maryvale at about 1 pm that they found the child carrying a drug. guns and bullets into the school.
“I welcome this investigation from the Central Government and it will help to expose all the irregularities at NEIGRIMHS Hospital,” he said.
At the same time, they encouraged them that in their journey there is still a long way to go and hopefully in the future they will be able to improve from one time to another in sports activities with their work. their shitom.
Who shall pay for this sin of blood, Until the inheritance of men and women falls?
We also see that it is through ADB's assistance to the Ministry of Education that the Supporting Human Capital Development program has been launched which has benefited many young people.
Jowai, July 13: The three day football tournament organized by the Shnongpdeng Youth Cultural & Sports Club (SC&SC) at Shnongpdeng Ground from the 9th of this month was inaugurated by the MLA of the area on Saturday. Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of State for Education.
Stephan Star MarweinOn the article by Bah IR Dkhar “The Khasi Social Custom” published on 25/03/2019, which mentions the bills issued by the KHADC “A Khasi Social Custom of Linage 2nd Amendment Bill 2018 which states that a Khasi woman who marries a Dkhar (non-tribal) will lose her Scheduled Tribe status and all her rights as a Khasi. “Khasi who take their ancestry from their father will lose their Khasi identity”.
Have a blood test.
The AMSPA also said that some schools have increased their tuition fees and this shows that they are violating the order of the Supreme Court of India and also the order of the school fees. book in the state of Meghalaya.
They will say, 'That's right, that's right, that's right, that's right, that's right, that's right, that's right, and so on.
Speaking on Aadhaar, the CEM said that like other countries in Europe and the United States, minorities have been protected by following the principle of Free, Prior and Informed Consent (FPIC).
Jowai, June 06: The Rangbah Shnong of Bakur, Daniel Khongsit, has announced that the Dorbar Shnong Bakur will be held on the 8th of June at the Community of the village from 10 am. This is part of the submission of the performance report and the renewal of the Shnong Office Bearers.
On the other hand, the President of the Meghalaya Cricket Association, Nababrata Bhattacharjee, congratulated the two players for their excellent performance.
Nongpoh: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, today evening issued a public notice on the opening of grocery stores in Ri Bhoi District. thied leit pet, will start from 9 am to 1 pm.
This is to ensure that they know how to follow the days of home quarantine while at home.
During the meeting, the Minister promised to take care of this issue and will soon talk to the officers of the Electricity Department to ensure that the area will not be affected by the electricity supply.
He said that at the meeting, all the residents of Iewduh, including the leaders of the HYC and DWU, were advised to respect the dignity, the language, and to work righteously in their works.
It is difficult for such a Hynniewtrep, that he cannot mix with other ethnic groups.
The Gram Sabha goes from Block to Village and forces the formation of a Village Development Plan.
One of the members added, “In the BJP ruled states, the economy has increased compared to our state and the time has come for the people of the state to accept the BJP. The BJP will continue to rule in Delhi under the leadership of PM Modi and it will not benefit if our state does not join hands with the party.
The committee was formed by the two organizations and was known as the Students Committee for Peace Initiative.
Stephanfield Lanong scored for Laitsohphie in the 26m and 35m and Rymmang Khonglam in the 50m.
The department said that after the survey in 2022-23, it was found that there are 14,10,710.41 MT of coal mined. Of this, 5,95,323.775 MT has been auctioned. Coal India Limited, and the transportation of coal from the designated areas is ongoing.
Dr R. Nongrum, Medical Superintendent H. Gordon Robert Hospital, also delivered a welcome speech and a brief explanation on the working methods of RHCs.
The results and mark sheets can be obtained from the Board's website, www.mbose.
The groups have already selected their own topics for research.
The Chief Minister said that the state government will soon implement the organic milk mission to increase milk production in the state.
Speaking to reporters at the BJP headquarters on Bivar Road Shillong, Rituraj Sinha said the implementation of the Inner Line Permit could affect the tourism industry in the country. However, he said that to protect the customs and traditions and to preserve the minorities in the country, who may be affected by others, the ILP will have to be looked into and introduced. The Khasi language in the Eight Schedule will be reviewed after the party's manifesto in Meghalaya, which will be announced in July
On this occasion, the Central Bureau of Communication, Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, Government of India, also honored one of the teachers of Alpha English Higher Secondary School, Babu Madhav Singh, who has just received a certificate of The National Teacher's Award was presented by the President of India, Droupadi Murmu on the occasion of Teachers' Day in Delhi.
He said that on the 27th of June, the polling was held at Langpih Govt.
Demthring SC had to play extra time and in the 104th minute Lounidajied Ryngkhlem scored the winning goal for Demthring.
Chief Minister Bhagwant Mann will soon release Rs 71.50 crore for relief to the flood victims in the worst affected areas, he said. Minister of Revenue, Rehabilitation and Disaster Management Bram Shanker Jimpa.
“We have already held an inspection meeting with the new contractors, now 10 or 15 days away and the purpose is to see their preparation and to give a sign because this is still the and therefore they have been directed to do their utmost to run the business for the next six months," he said.
Regarding the MDC elections, the CEM said that the term of office of the EC will end on October 4, 2024 and the elections are in the hands of the DCA. The delimitation of constituencies may thus take place at any time.
The winners of the Champion of Champions categories in Men's Body Building and Men's Best Physique will receive a cash prize.
It's really dark, I don't know how to think and support the Khasi-Pnar people now, because the ball players are brought from all over the world and paid. but the leaders of the people to the legislatures shall be elected by whomsoever and whosoever shall be able.
Dear Christians, don't be sad about the government's decision not to allow churches to open on 14th June
“In the past 10 or 2 days, the market has been more crowded but today the market should have been closed. shop in Laban.
In the sub-divisions, DrC Lyngdoh from Sohra, HDR Lyngdoh from Mairang, Zenith Sangma from Dadenggiri and Justine Dkhar from Amlarem.
Other topics discussed at the meeting were to clarify that the Rangbah Shnongs should conduct awareness programs for the residents on child marriage according to POCSO. act.
(Matthew 7:21).
There are eight teams participating in this tournament.
At the same time, she invited those who need assistance and are in conflict with the law to come to her office and said that her office is ready to assist and advise on those issues.
Police said that Darius Marak was taken to the Corona Care Center at the Civil Hospital Shillong because he was infected with COVID-1 However, while he was in the middle of the COVID-19 hospital, the robber, who was accused of murder, tried to escape from the hospital and went straight to the hospital. you sit and stay.
He urged the public to order and buy food items according to their needs, as the district authorities of West Jaintia Hills have confirmed that there will be no shortage of food items.
Four friends of the youths donated 500 masks to the police of West Jaintia Hills District today.
When asked, the Minister said that if those colleges which do not start implementing the NEP from this year, the students who want to study abroad will not get admission (rung class) because On the other hand, NEHUSU through its Finance Secretary Mandor Diengdoh Swer said that the NEHUSU is not against the NEP but to implement it from this month of April. put students at a disadvantage.
He said that according to the accident report dated 29th July, it has been sent to the Senior Electrical Inspector of the state government to conduct an investigation to find out the root cause of the incident.
They should understand that there is a tree of sympathy when they do wrong.
“This will be the first time that the people will know how important it is for the people's leaders to be clearly aware of the rules of law and that the discussion on the rules “It's a good idea to have a law that produces light and not darkness,” said Bah Shylla in a statement.
“Mukul is busy in his own world.
It is said that these Gurkhalis dared to do this to the fields and rice fields of the Khasi at the encouragement of this captain who was in the army.
The decision was taken at a meeting of the Cabinet to announce that the donation will be from the Externally Aided Project (EAP) of the Meghalaya Eco-Tourism Infrastructure Development Project (MEIDP).
When the flowers are harvested, they are dried in the sun and sold as soon as they are dried.
In this regard, the office of the Department of Sports & Youth Affairs said that this sports ground has been specially built to enable the youth to develop in their sports careers. and her name and her name were given unto the beast of the field.
Just 10 minutes after Nangkiew opened the scoring, Malki scored through Emboklang Nongkhlaw in the 18th minute.
Speaking to media, Thomas A. Sangma said that they discussed the status of works in the construction of the new Legislative Assembly and the proposal to build buildings in the and to oversee the training of security personnel.
Regarding the overturning of the truck, SP Traffic, BD Marak said that the overturning of the truck was due to the wrong parking at the sharing of the road.
Four mobile phones, cash worth ` 35,900 and a shaka were also seized.
In Shillong, the Union Minister of State for MSMEs, Bhanu Pratap Verma will conduct the meeting at Rai Auditorium, HQ DGAR, Laitkor.
After this match, Meghalaya will return home first to prepare for the match against Hyderabad which will start on 12th July at the MCA Stadium, Polo.
On the other hand, the House has sent the Bill on the Hima Nongkhlaw to the Select Committee.
They also admitted that even the children of the school do not recognize the face of the Principal because there is no Assembly and she does not come to work.
A Lok, the strength of Lai wa wan, the choice of choice Neini face Noh's jhep I garbage is syndong antard Ham Ong, and Kam wajooh who doesn't have to look at the saboi pathan you have reached Cha walait.
Speaking to reporters, u Bah Paul said, “The cherry blossom festival, the iaput iatem festival cannot develop the youth and the state”.
That leaf responded to stay there in the middle of the dark night and the crematoria inside the valley where only birds and terrible wild animals lived.
As part of strengthening the demand and explaining to the public that Garo Hills needs to get its own state, the GSMC today held a public meeting with Thousands of people attended the procession at Williamnagar, the headquarters of East Garo Hills.
He said that after the allegation that there was a jyrsieh in MeECL at that time, they also protested once again on the grounds that they did not want such a thing to happen in the department.
“Victory is sure when there is confidence,” he said.
In fact, East Khasi Hills District Cricket Association should have played against South West Khasi Hills District Cricket Association in Zone 1 of Group-A at Umbuda, Ri-Bhoi.
Many also recalled that Singh had produced several songs that had a profound impact on the culture of Bengali women.
Deputy Commissioner FM Dopth, SP, DSO, members of the District Sports Association, members of football and basketball clubs and their office bearers were present on the occasion.
The Taxation Department has discovered this attempt to evade the tax and from these the government has been able to recover the tax.
“One of the rules is to fulfill the duty with enthusiasm and when you fulfill the task with enthusiasm that is to protect the environment, when you have a clear mind and even if you are the owners of this but the thought is the whole world,” he said.
There was also training in collaboration with the Tour Operators for the boat operators and also lifesaving training and also CPR for those who came from tourist spots like Shnongpdeng, Sohra, Darrang, Dawki, Umsyiem, and others.
Of course, it is impossible to say that not all families are happy because there are families even those who do not recognize the church or those who are not Christians but they live in peace and go through life.
In Jesus' day, among other things, mental illness was common.
The injured were taken to Narayana Hospital and later shifted to GMCH. Police recovered a plate full of drugs from the vehicle. .
After the training, garbage bins of different colors were distributed to separate the rotten and non-rotten garbage.
Isn't it a shame to the family, to the country and to the nation, that the husband takes away the honor and authority of the father, just because of their honorable marriage? I have no doubt that this behavior and actions of us Khasi has caused a lot of sorrow and grief in our own lives.
The opening day of the festival was known as the Shad Nohkjat and before going to Lympung Weiking, there was a gathering of the dancers, parakur parakha and all the office bearers of JPK, in the ground floor of the Hall of the Khasi Kmie, Mawkhar.
They also said that on their part as religious leaders, they will cooperate either with the government authorities or with the people to bring and maintain peace and stability in the state.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Umsohpieng Unit has given 10 days to Jio to repair the tower at Upper Nongkyndang in West Khasi Hills. .
The deceased were identified as the brothers of Katdilia Khonglah, Synran Khonglah, 16, and Lapynshai Khonglah,
Mewatki Sungoh scored the first goal of the match in the 56th minute.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The Jain Terapanth Mahila Mandal, in collaboration with the Bansara Eye Hospital, has conducted a free eye treatment at Goenka Cantonment Hospital.
However, the 19-year-old has won a silver medal in the Free Style Wrestling event at the Meghalaya Games.
“We want the government to stop the demolition in the coming days until the court decides,” said Bah Dkhar.
East Bengal, the winners, have 31 points so far.
“Only those who have proper documents, from Environmental Clearance, are allowed to operate,” he said.
The counting of votes is ongoing for the Karnataka Assembly elections.
They have been with us, to help us in terms of technology and also in hardware without hesitation.
The Turmeric Processing Unit will be operated by the Village Organization Kyrdemkulai 6km and the E-learning Center will be run by the Village through a Committee appointed by the Village.
The incident occurred while the Special Task Force (STF) was taking Duey from Ujjain, Madhya Pradesh to Shivli, Uttar Pradesh. However, the vehicle overturned in Kanpur and Dubey tried to escape and was shot dead on the spot.
North Garo Hills Police said that GNLA members used Facebook and WhatsApp to recruit youths. Bucharest G. Momin of Bajengdoba, in which he recruited many young people from Rari, Gokol, Mendal and Raja-Apal.
Shillong, July 24: The Joint Action Committee of Meghalaya (JACATAM) teachers' meeting scheduled to be held on the 29th in preparation for the strikes has been postponed. after having a long discussion with the government today.
“The village authorities have strongly requested the government to turn to the hospital to repair the house and also to appoint an MBBS doctor as soon as possible so that the existence of this hospital will benefit the people of the 16 villages. The population exceeds 15,0
He also mentioned the issues related to the border talks between Meghalaya and Assam which are ongoing today.
“We need to get a Prime Minister from our own community because he will know better the condition of the land in Khasi Jaintia and especially those on the border with Assam.
The increase in rape cases in the state shows that the government has failed to protect women and mothers in the state as a whole.
In the second match, Rymbai Wahshnong and Khliehriat West YWSC drew 1-1
He said the allocation of MBBS seats will be done in a clean and transparent manner.
During the inspection, the KSU found that the hostel is no longer safe for the children to stay in because it is dilapidated and the wells have started to collapse and endanger the children.
“The state government has no intention of immediately punishing the meat vendors even though the deadline set by the government has expired.
Shillong: The Department of Orthopedics, NEIGRIHMS in collaboration with the North East Regional Orthopedic Surgeons Association and Arthroscopy Society of North East will hold a Regional CME cum workshop on “Arthroscopy and Sports Injuries” on the 26th of 20th November.
Shillong, November 13: It is sad news that at Meghalaya House, the accommodation prepared by the government for the people of Meghalaya when they leave the state, has turned into a shelter. ktem that thief.
It is learned that these three persons killed Bah Pynkhreh Surong by stabbing him with a tyllai from his neck and covered him with a blanket after breaking the body into the night.
During his tenure, there were only one or two employees, but after he did not win the MDC election in 2019, the employees in the office have gradually decreased and now there are only four. five people.
It may be recalled that yesterday during the night curfew of HANM in West Khasi Hills, two offices were burnt down, one PWD office and one Khadi office. .
Another parent of two children who have to continue their education, said that just because the children want and are eager to continue their education, he had to send them to Shillong along with the send people to live in houses.
The prizes were awarded by the Waheh Shnong of Sonapyrdi, Ma Edimon Lamare in the presence of Ma Let Mukhim of Wahiajer Narpuh. KS Suchiang, Chairman of KSU Narpuh Circle and others.
Shri Ricky Dkhar, Deputy Inspector General of Police, SB/Security Special Branch received the President's Police Medal for Distinguished Service.
“The fact that Purno urged the indigenous people to withdraw their demand instead of urging foreigners to refrain from taking part in the The GHADC elections show that he and his party have turned away the Garo people”.
Ferdinand B.Lyngdoh, a lecturer at the College of Home Science in Tura, Garo Hills, was on his way home from Garo Hills when he encountered the tragic incident. eh and which reached the point of his sudden death, which left everyone in darkness, because he died alone without anyone knowing or witnessing the incident.
During the inspection, the team also held a meeting with the District Sports Officer, Bah K Passah in the presence of officers from the DSO office and the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA). The meeting was led by Patrick Lamare, Vice President and Football Secretary at the DSO office, Jowai.
Not only that, but on Tuesday, the CEM, said, that the market needs to start opening slowly and this shows that the opinion of the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, is not firm at all. This allows the government to listen.
It can be said that the Government of Meghalaya has been very slow in this regard.
Whenever these BJP leaders come here, even if journalists ask questions about the persecution of Christians across India, they do not answer directly but try to turn away from the question.
About 25,753 appointment letters have been sent in connection with these vacancies, said Firdaus Shamim, lawyer of some of the complainants.
Shillong, Naitung 10: Ka Ri War College this year has achieved many results in which many students have passed well in the 2014 examination.
We cannot say whether these villages should be in Assam or Meghalaya, but perhaps the wish of the Hima Nonglang is that the villages in Assam should come back to Meghalaya. I received the message from Hima.
“In many cases he has responsibility for his own party and he says that this party loves the country and the nation.
Even the former Mawlai MLA, Bah Embhah Syiemlieh, has raised this issue many times in the Assembly.
Speaking to reporters, MCA General Secretary Bah Ferdinand Nongkynrih congratulated the children for bringing fame and glory to Meghalaya from this tournament.
On the occasion of the opening ceremony, a meeting was held at the Khliehtyrshi Dorbar Hall Cum Indoor Sports Stadium in Mookyniang. , MDC Lakhon Dkhar, other elders and residents.
Mairang, Naitung 16: The 187th death anniversary of the freedom fighter, Tirot Sing Syiem, falls on Sunday this year. This was announced today at a program held at Madan Nongrah, Nongkhlaw, Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
These Regional Committees will be held on the border of West Khasi Hills and Assam. The Committee will be headed by Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar and members will be Bah Macmillan Byrsat, MLA Nongstoin, U.S. Rambrai-Jyrngam MLA Kimfa S. Marbaniang, CEM Gigur Myrthong and MDC Bajop Pyngrope.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19 : SANAM, one of the oldest bands in the state, has praised the Snow-White band after hearing firsthand the skills of the musicians. and singer of the group at the Cherry Blossom Festival held at Kurkalang Square on Saturday evening.
He said that up to 20 schools in Amlarem Constituency have been allocated for renovation at a cost of 37 lakh tyngka each and more than 44 lakh tyngka each.
He said that before taking the decision to contest for the post of Lamphang, he had met with the UDP MLAs, leaders and HSPDP MLAs who are members of the Regional Party Alliance (RDA). and he took the decision.
Shillong, July 20: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, has said that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) does not recognize those Chief Executive Members. They were led by Bah John F Kharshiing who was appointed as the Chairman of the Dorbar.
The coal was purchased, and later four licenses were issued in the 25 square km Narpuh Forest area.
Everbrightson Sana Mylliempdah scored the third goal for Lajong in the 59th minute.
The Act stipulates that the appointment of Parliamentary Secretaries is a remuneration prohibited by law and shall be subject to the provisions of Article 191 (1) (a).
It is used by government bodies and emergency service offerings to alert the public to hazards and keep them informed in situations of need.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the state has only one case of Covid-1 -19, after completing the 6th test, has recovered completely.
This means that the post of Rangbah Shnong should be given only blood to any Rangbah Shnong or Sordar so that there will be no violence and corruption which we see clearly and there are many witnesses to this. will of the Village Leaders.
He said that there is also a section of the Mawshun Bypass which will soon be repaired which is 500 meters to 600 meters wide.
Thus, poetry lives, teaches, reminds and lives in its writings.
These include EKH: 31, RBD: 1, WJH: 3 and WKH:
Shillong, Naitung 5: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) on Mawlai C&RD Block including the HYC, HNYF and FKJGP Mawlai Circle will hold public meetings within the border from the 8th of this month. He urged the government to immediately open the Mawlai C&RD Block as announced.
Nongpoh: Under Trial Prisoners (UTP) Rajit Khongngain has escaped from the police when they allowed him to enter the doctor's room. He was taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital.
Islam was arrested on July 1, 2013 but escaped from Tura the next day.
Before the start of the tournament, there was a friendly match between KSU Mawlai Circle and KSU Mawlai Nongkwar Unit in which KSU Mawlai Circle won the title and won 2 goats.
However, it is of no use if they do not fulfill the task that has been placed on their shoulders.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition, said that the MYE Card scheme was introduced to help the unemployed youth in the state.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the state government will hold a Cabinet meeting in the coming days to decide on the holding of the elections for the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council. .
Jowai, Jymmang 23: The VDPs of Mustem Village, West Jaintia Hills District have arrested two cow thieves, Ebormi Dkhar and Sameduhki Rymbai from Wapung Poh Village.
In the first half, Shillong Lajong played better than Malki.
Your bapli is not old.
“Please sit here and I'll go and talk to you first.
The meeting was held after receiving complaints from many residents of the border areas with Bangladesh from Muktapur to Dawki that the Border Security Force (BSF) troops have been harassing and interfering with their movement. Most of the time, the soldiers have seized the vehicles and seized the goods they have bought from these markets. They don't count the cash memos from the shops they buy and not only that, they don't count the sick people who want to go to the hospital to get medicine.
He said that it is on the basis of these rules that these posts which need to be filled have been appointed immediately.
“The owners of coal mines have been directed to pay the tax on the coal that has been extracted and priced at the designated place within 14 days.
He said that the Commercial Building will be completed within two years and the 5-storey building will have more than 400 bedrooms.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the Government of India has approved the concession of coal mining in Meghalaya to four coal miners.
Our body cannot produce it on its own but can get it through the food we eat.
Ernest was elected as the President of the BJP in July 2020 and his term of office should end this year as it is only three years.
He said that these new ideas have helped the people to achieve their goals.
Ardent said that the allegation against him is wrong because as CEM he cannot know everything about the actions of the Council. for 6 months.
Besides Mumbai, which has 116 cases, 18 cases have been reported in Pune, three from Ahmednagar, Nagpur and Aurangabad, two from Thane and Buldana and one from Satara, Ratnagiri and Sangli.
Wansiewdor Nengnong (21', 90'+3) and Knerktilang Buam (58', 63') scored two goals each while Basuklang Bina (45'+2) scored the third goal.
Meanwhile, Bah KP Pangniang said who will answer to the people on the resignation of the seven MDCs after the passage of the Act.
From the time of planting until the harvest of soh we call it cultivation, and I can't understand why we end with cultivation because the word riang, which is understood by the public, means to stir up or stir up.
On Tuesday, 34 new cases have been confirmed and 59 recoveries have been made in the state.
Shillong, June 29 : The National People's Party (NPP) has vowed to send the United Democratic Party (UDP) to the Opposition after the counting of votes in Sohiong constituency.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday denied that the resignation of CEM Titos Starwell Chyne was due to the inspection of the trading license in these days. .
Applications must be submitted before 31st October
In that day, they too shall be saved from the field.
It is not the decision of the people of the State but the authority.
At the same time, she expressed her gratitude to her parents for their encouragement that she has reached this goal, because her parents give her great advice every day and especially for the teachers who have spent their time and energy during the hours of teaching inside the school and who have also provided information and guidance on how to read the books.
“On our part, at that time, we had sent a letter to the Chief Minister that we too should follow this step so that the appointment process in various government departments will be smooth and “It is impartial so that those who deserve the job will get it,” said Bah Thomas.
BPD officials confirmed that the incident is no longer a threat to the public but has advised the public to refrain from visiting the area to avoid any danger.
The Forum said that the NGT has rejected their request and this has prompted the Forum to review the coal transportation rules and decided to send its request to look into. Shillong, November 11: PWD Minister Martin M Danggo has convened a meeting of officers at Hotel Polo Orchid Tura to discuss the issue of coal transportation. They discussed the road works in Garo Hills with the officials of the Road Construction Department to understand the problems they are facing.
“The statement of Bah Adelbert on 25th October, 2022 that there is a demand for the resignation of the President is untrue and unfounded, because in this meeting the issue is necessary. just understand the mistakes first in order to reach peace.
Amit Shah's refusal to address the rulers of Meghalaya during his visit to Meghalaya on 23rd January 2021 has surprised and shocked not only the big but also the small. ria spirit is the same.
While the raid was nearing the end of the day, the police of Laban PS and Rilbong Outpost came to stop the raid on the grounds that they should inform the villages, the KHADC before they leave. search license.
There are many kinds of leaders in this country, there are religious leaders, village leaders, civil society leaders, sports leaders, political party leaders, village youth leaders and so on.
Don't be mistaken by saying that the Holy Spirit is no longer working, but know that He is still working.
We strongly urge the law enforcement agencies to take action to thoroughly investigate the robbers involved in this crime and also to punish those who commit this crime.
The SP said the main purpose of installing these cameras is to intimidate the robbers and will also help the public and also in case of traffic jam.
He said that the photographs showing the unhealthy accommodation conditions and the harmful conditions for sportsmen are linked to the delay in preparations for the Common Wealth Games in Delhi in recent years.
I don't think it's right to ask for more in Meghalaya...because it's too late for the noise from the places of worship.
At this time, the residents of Vairengte, Kolasib District rushed to the scene from Iakhajia, but were beaten with sticks by the Assam police.
Before the inspection, the Ri Bhoi Police had banned the Labor License inspection, for fear of any disturbance and affecting the peace and order. , especially at Christmastime.
“In this petition, 95% of the residents who want to be in Meghalaya have agreed and these 5% Hima have also gone ahead to convince them to be in Meghalaya,” he said.
Sardis is not a remnant.
“Therefore, we demand that the District Council should immediately repeal the order as it affects the Khasi children who have given their jait to their fathers, while the Khasi children who have received their jait from their fathers. Jowai, June 28 : The Chief Minister District Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2023 has been held in West Jaintia Hills District. The three-day tournament was organized by the District Sports Officer (DSO) in collaboration with the West Jaintia Hills District Sports Association (WJDSA). Kiang Stadium, North Jowai.
In this regard, the government authorities need to create all the means to collect information from the Village Authorities, in order to count the number of women who have been left behind.
On the other hand, the district authorities said that the vaccination campaign in Ïewduh will continue and urged the vendors in Ïewduh to come forward to get vaccinated to protect themselves and the buyers from the vaccination. However, they have said that they do not force anyone who does not want or is willing to get the injection.
We have not given a majority even once to the National Party because they are the poor party, but the rithor party has bought us voters with money.
After the shooting, the unidentified persons fled the scene.
Our people have stood up many times with mass protests from the Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Maram and Lyngngam to demand their rights with one voice. any attempt to violate our rights.
He said that the government's organization of Food Shows in Shillong should showcase to the world the agricultural products produced in the state and through this others will know and know about the products produced in Shillong. the state.
The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has received a complaint from the residents of Shillong expressing the pollution of the river due to human activities.
Once the village headmen or other leaders have said that they will do anything, they don't hesitate and if it happens that the Assam police and the forest department officials will punish them as they have done in the past few days. , if the village headmen and the elders can no longer tolerate it, that is when the conflict will break out and it can reach the point of bloodshed.
The office bearers of the UDP Women's Wing include President Pretty Kharpyngrope and Secretary Wandashia Rynjah.
Therefore, these groups of teachers to convey to the State Government their request, to continue to extend the teaching work of their schools, recently held a rally at Iewrynghep Square Laitumkhrah. and it ended at the valley of Malchi.
Speaking to reporters after the inspection, RP Agarwal DG (Prison) said that the purpose of the inspection was to look into all the requirements so that the PWD department can get to prepare a single estimate, in order to send it to the government so that the construction of the District Jail can go smoothly after many years of neglect.
However, as soon as they won the election, they started to rise to the top.
Genesis 15:18.
The MDC said that on 9th November 2014, at 8 pm, Kong Marvelous Dkhar, the owner of the school and the Deputy Chairman of JHADC, was arrested. , who used to teach at the school, invited two students to the school and took them about 1 km away from the school. teachers, where she recorded a video of the children's speech inside her car.
Regarding the Ministry of Education, he said that at present there is no allocation of funds, but the Council will find ways and means how to assist the schools, because it is necessary to assist them, when it comes to and Professional Tax said that the office will be online for the convenience of the people.
Khliehriat, July 14: The Public Works Department (Roads) NEC Division Khliehriat has started the construction of the bridge near Shymplong. Due to the heavy rainfall, the bridge has been suspended and it is expected that when the rainfall has subsided, the bridge will start working.
On this occasion, we would like to express some of the expectations of the Government of India that the Government of India will fulfill the agreements and promises as stipulated in the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement. (IOA&AA) dated 17 August 1948 so that this Article and Articles 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 shall appear separately under Article 370-A of the Constitution of India which will pave the way for a new amendment. the Hima Khasi States within the Federation of Khasi States.
He said that if the smuggling of cows to Bangladesh can be stopped, the price of cows from the cow market in Khanapara will also decrease and if the price of cows decreases, they will also reduce the market price. I'm not going to die now.
Where is the Pollution Control Board?
If there are any drivers who take advantage of you passengers with commercial vehicles please contact the Seng by informing the Seng the numbers of the vehicles who take advantage of you passengers so that we can You can punish them according to the rules of the Association or you can meet the AJTCVA office bearers,” said Paila.
During the meeting, the Congress and the Union Minister Dr. Lapang briefed Tiwari on the current situation of the Congress party in the state.
The MoU was signed by Angshuman Dey, Joint Secretary, MDoNER, Moses K Chalai, Secretary, NEC and Prof DP Goyal, Director, IIM Shillong in the presence of Chanchal Kumar, Secretary, MDoNER and other officials. Government of DoNER, NEC and IIM Shillong.
Wajid Khan has composed many songs for Salman Khan's films, including Bhai Bhai, which was released last month.
Past Pupil Govt.
The Jaintia Student Union has urged the State Government to provide and set up testing centers at all PHCs & CHCs in rural areas and at the entry and exit points in the State.
East Khasi Hills has 51 cases and West Khasi Hills has 22 cases today.
The funeral was held today, according to the report.
The Model School in Siju has been funded by the Ministry of Human Resource Development under the Rashtriya Madhyamik Education Campaign (RMSA) scheme since 2012-13 but the construction of the school has not been completed until .
He said that the Council has already expressed to the government that we don't want the Village Council because it will cause conflict among the Dorbar Shnongs.
Sohra received 22.6 mm of rainfall today, while Umiam received 10.8 mm of rainfall today.
In 2019, the state government had introduced and implemented a sports policy with the aim of helping the youth athletes of the state, but until now it has been stalled only for the examination.
He was last seen on 2nd July 2024 at DSW Upper Primary School and has not been traced yet.
There are also many evil deeds that these foreigners have, but take the good and evil.
“We are ready to file a case against those involved in distributing leaflets in the name of the RSS with the intention of defaming and defaming,” said a source from RSS Meghalaya.
“Kong Fenella is only an independent candidate to win the votes of others, she has no intention of serving the people,” said Bah Rynniaw.
And on our part, we demand that you should remove it completely from that place.
“This is the Wyrta of Shula to all the children of Jaintia Hills that we are deeply concerned about the decline in income in the last three years since the ban on coal mining which has affected everyone from the Chairman of JARF H.Phawa, former MDC said, “There are many shopkeepers and shopkeepers,” said the Chairman of JARF.
In Table Tennis, there is one player who will compete for the Women's Singles title since she went to Manipur for the NEOG in 2018, Tanushree Dasgupta.
· To prevent the conversion of Hindus to Christianity/Muslim.
K. The exclusive political rights of the indigenous people shall remain intact and the indigenous state shall be governed by the indigenous people.
The CoRP leader also expressed his deep sorrow when he saw and found that the area where the Assam road is planned to be built inside the village, is the area where there are all the development works from the village. Meghalaya government, the MNREGA scheme, the Water Resources scheme are from Meghalaya, but what affected the CoRP leader, is after seeing that the contractor of the road, He did not hesitate to demolish the buildings of Meghalaya, in order to build a road inside the village.
In the 1st Division, Mawlai SC beat Nongkrem SC 1-1
Nongsiej said that after being transferred to the SSA, the school has also received a school building at a cost of T.7 lakh 50 thousand. The school has received half of the amount of T.3 lakh 50 thousand, but the remaining amount has not been received yet.
Even if you visit more and more, you will be able to see the road, which is thousands of times.
Meanwhile, San Jone said that the Dorbar Shnong has decided to evacuate the village, but when they arrived at the police station they made peace and the police left to the Dorbar Shnong to convene a meeting to resolve the matter. written by the police to prohibit the village authorities from acting against the law.
In this regard, the Draft Photo Electoral Roll will be released on 27.10.2023 at the office of the District Election Officer, Electoral Registration Officers and through the Booth Level Officers at the Polling Stations.
The child is from Nongmensong area and his name is D Dympep.
Pyniaid Singh Syiem won the election with 1804 votes.
“This will bring about clean services and efficient implementation of the One Nation One Ration Card system in our state and India as a whole.
Earlier, UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy said that personally, he is better than Kovind than Meira but it will be up to the party to decide whom to decide.
In what way it is lost, it is impossible to understand.
He also thanked others who have worked hard to track down those who have been infected with TB and encouraged them to work together to reach the goal.
The growth rate of income in the state from 2018 to 2023 is 6.75 percent and the budget, which was presented today, for the In 2023-2024, it will be T.1,592 crore short of T.1,592 crore or 3.42 percent of GSDP.
There was a strange incident today, where the cross with the image of Jesus, who was crucified and nailed to the stake, was shaking all day long.
The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) leader and former Chief Minister Mukul Sangma on Tuesday expressed his confidence that his party will win the Tura parliamentary seat. The residents of Garo Hills are eager to see a change.
When we celebrate Christmas, what do we give Him that will please and accept Him?
Wallam said that about 100 children have come to take part in the competition, out of which 200 children, Kynsai and Federick, have been selected. They will be able to do well when they arrive in Valencia or even until they are selected to play in the 4th or 3rd division tournaments in Spain.
When the powerful do it, we the little ones have to submit.
“I have decided to give my unconditional support to the Executive Committee (EC) of the PDF under the leadership of Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem. Latiplang is one of the MDCs who supports Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit who supports MUDA. He said that he had to fight against the state government which wants to occupy the land within the boundary of the Council.
He said that although the government has not yet received the order from the NGT, the government has directed the departments not to wait but to prepare the rules immediately so that it will be easier later.
For that reason, we have fought for our own State where the rule of law will be by us, for us and for us.
On the same day, the MDC also distributed a work order for the improvement of the dorbar hall in Amjong village which has allocated up to Rs 1 lakh from the MDC scheme.
Regarding the Covid-19 vaccination in these polling stations, it is urged and advised to all to take action on this issue and to get vaccinated on these days, especially now, A new virus, which the WHO has named Omicron, has begun to spread around the world.
I would like to say that let us not bring too much division between us in the Bri u Hynniewtrep and our beloved holy country just because of differences of belief.
In the next match between Marbisu CC and Thynroit SC, Marbisu CC won the toss and elected to bat first and scored 100 runs for the loss of 9 wickets in 20 overs.
If the MRSSA is not amended,
In a petition sent by the KSU to the ADC of Ri Bhoi District and a copy to the Director General, Assam Rifles, Laitkor Shillong, the KSU strongly opposes the proposal. The army has decided to take over the land in the village, by expressing the problems faced by the residents of the villages near the army camps, just because of the violence and violence by the army as experienced by the people in Lightcore, Umpling, Range.
Although they won, Lumparing did not reach the goal and finished fourth in Group B with nine points.
The Cabinet has approved to amend the Child Labor Act 1986 to allow children under the age of 14 to work after school leave or during school hours.
“The statement by the NPP leaders shows only the lack of control and inability to control even the smallest matter.
“The Nagas have Article 371 A, the Mizos have Article 371 G, the law of the Indian government cannot prohibit the Nagas and Mizos,” he said.
They said that looking at the rapid increase in the number of students passing from Secondary Schools, the number of students passing from Secondary Schools has increased over the years. Church groups and individuals are very successful.
He said that the unique characteristics of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo peoples of the state are the reasons why they have self-government and not by foreign power which is enshrined in the Constitution of the country. .
The President of the Union of RSs said that another decision they have taken is to support the Village Administration Bill of KHADC which was passed by the KHADC in 2014 but which was rejected by the government. state, and urged the government to pass the Bill.
The Government of India has 97 offices in Delhi, the State Government has 66 offices and 47 offices. Concurrent List between the Central Government and the State Governments.
The Minister also expressed the need for the cooperation of all to take responsibility in ensuring that the projects and schemes to be implemented run smoothly.
Why not invite them to give training and they will do a good job.
This was announced by the Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma and the Minister of Transport and Sports, Bah Dasakhiat Lamare in reply to a question on this issue in the Legislative Assembly on Thursday.
He said that the ABVP is not a Hindu party, but many people misunderstand that the ABVP is a religious party or a Hindu party. bat you are also inside the organization.
Therefore, the family members and others who have any connection with the deceased are urged to immediately collect the body from the morgue of the hospital before handing it over to the Shillong Municipal Board for further investigation. need.
Bah RM Shabong Once again, it can be said that Prestone Tynsong, has spoken harshly, when he said that there are those who want to erect signs from Sylhet, but if you look at the maps and history of the Khasi people, there is The truth is that the ancient Khasi had a close relationship with Bangladesh, they had many farmland, which had been separated since the partition of India. and Pakistan and so on and even in the payment of taxes and others during the British Government, the Khasi did not come to Shillong, but came more and more to Sylhet.
The program also included songs and dances by the school children.
In fact, this part is more clean and tidy.
Then in Ri War there is a tongdoh called nohjar on the Umïew-Bakra River where the Shala perform every pyrem.
Isaiah 19:24–25.
Referring to the T.133 crore allocation from the central government, Antonio said that the money has been in the hands of the state government since June last year. “It's been here since the beginning,” he said.
We must not forget that the UCC is already included in the Constitution in the chapter on Directive Principles of State Policy.
Now the KHADC can empower those people who want to build houses,” said Bah Syiem.
We congratulate the DMHO for taking the initiative to provide doctors to Nangbah PHC for the convenience of the people of Nangbah and surrounding villages,” said KSU Publicity Secretary Nangbah Unit.
It is time for all of us to surprise people on this issue, because we are living in these days of the rapid spread of media to spread through social media and affect the nation and the state if the decision is taken. That we accept to protect our Jaidbynriew in our opinion is right, but others will try to mislead us against our Jaidbynriew with the accusation that we hate others.
He said the government wants to connect many villages by roads, paths and bridges so that the people will not face problems during the rise of the water during the rainy season.
In the second match between Occult and Metalica CC, Metalica won the toss and elected to bat first.
Shillong, July 23: The Central Election Committee of the Hynniewtrep Youth Party (HSPDP) today announced nine candidates for the 2014 MDC elections.
The court also directed the UGC to report on its judgment against the university for violating the rules of the UGC. Fashionista, because she works with the University of Meghalaya.
According to the Minister, the reasons for dropping out of school are due to poverty, lack of mental strength, frequent dropouts, lack of schools, lack of teachers, those who have to look after their children, and displacement.
The four arrested were identified as Gendaram Sangma, Nipin Marak, Krishna Subba and Cherak Sangma.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayralborn Syiem, said that the reason why he handed over the ambulance to the hospital authorities, was after he found that the hospital, There is no ambulance and this has caused a lot of trouble to the people when they urgently need to transport patients or to transfer them to other hospitals.
Everyone was waiting for Jumreit to bring Tongsoh.
Tura, Lber 9: The Foreign Secretary of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) has surrendered to the police today.
Shillong, July 15: The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday ordered the Registrar General to file a case against Bah Adelbert Nongrum, Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). He made harsh remarks against the court, and also said that he insulted the court and criticized Judge SR Sen.
“It is an incident that shocks my mind as the Rangbah Shnong when I heard of the body of the child from the car,” he said.
Ryan Mukhim, a student of Eriben Presbyterian Secondary School, Nongthymmai, July, has received a special prize for his participation in the competition. He won the title of 'Youngest Athlete' or the youngest athlete in the tournament, at the age of
The Post Master General has been directed to implement 68 Sub Offices in the state for the convenience of the villagers. The State Bank of India has also been directed to send more money to the Post Office these days.
When all these trees were cut down, the Mawlyngdoh was visible from the east to Mawthadrainshan Hill, west from Kyllai Longsngun Hill and east from Laitnongrim and Nongspung.
Dr. Evarist Myrsing has worked for the development of the community, in the field of education and the awards he has received are that he has worked as a school teacher for more than 7 years, he has worked 1 plus year as a Resource Person with the Consortium of Resource Persons-under the umbrella of MySPACE – State Council of Science, Technology & Environment.
Another problem in schools is the lack of Headmasters, Principals or Head Teachers.
“On the 16th of this month at 10:00 pm, someone telephoned me, if they can kill me, they will get the votes, they know that my vote has now exceeded 2000 thousand in the village of Rymbai.
It was expected that during the SAG Games in which East Asian countries came to take part, the preparation of the medical teams would be adequate, but as expected it was not so. The medical teams did not arrive in time and it was not until Parvin was evacuated from the stadium that the medical teams arrived.
Nongpoh: U Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today visited Bynrnihat to lay the foundation stone for the upgradation of the PHC to CHC. Another news that has pleased the people of Jirang Constituency, is after he announced that the Patharkhmah Administrative Unit will soon be upgraded to the status of Civil Sub-Division.
“The MDC receives only 30,000 rupees from the Arts and Culture Department, so who will give it when the traditional instruments cost lakhs of rupees,” he added.
Two policemen of Dispur Police Station have been suspended from their posts over the death of Victoria D Kharkongor at Dispur Police Station on 5th November.
The purpose of the award scheme is to encourage and recognize cinema work and efforts by citizens of the country regardless of age for development in terms of human rights.
“Until he is announced, we don't have the right to reject him if he wants to contest the election,” he said, adding that the party will not give him a ticket if he is announced. bymman to the Judge.
She said that the violence is the understanding of some parties who stand to fight to get what they want or to attract the minds of the people for the benefit of the people. their.
Chandana did not even know that she had won the ticket to contest the election, but she would know when there was a discussion in the area and when her name was announced on television.
There are 5,574 confirmed cases and 1,133 deaths.
He hoped that the work would be completed soon after a long struggle.
