“Do you understand what people will say about us?” replied the old man.
He said that at the beginning, India invited those who wanted to join the army.
Referring to other teachers who have been appointed in the field of teaching, the leaders of the group of teachers said that some of them have been appointed by the SMC and some of them have been appointed by the SDEO's office. said most of the teachers who were hired were hired from 2010 to 2014, and most of them were part-time.
The KSU said that the hospital has only one doctor and he did not want to talk to the KSU leaders when they visited the hospital on the 2nd of this month after receiving many doctors. The inspection was led by KSU President Laitphar Syngkrem, General Secretary Lurman B Talang and others.
To make money, these traffickers mix it with soda, bullets, poison, or any white powder, and it is more harmful than that drug.
The District Magistrate has issued this warning to prevent the evasion of public funds due to the presence of these illegal revenue collection gates.
Speaking to Rupang, BJP General Secretary David Kharsati said that besides the leaders from Assam, it is certain that there will be many BJP leaders from Assam. to campaign for the MDC candidates of the party in the mid-term elections.
“Tharai is somehow within 68 km,” said the father.
It is sad that Shillong is one of the most prominent cities in terms of education.
The Chilliangraij Dorbar Shnong in collaboration with the Meghalaya Aids Control Society (NHS) on Tuesday held an awareness cum voluntary blood donation camp at Jowai Civil Hospital Blood Bank, Jowai on Tuesday.
In fact, the Agencies should have invited applications for Home Guards who have not yet been recruited.
He said the investigation is ongoing and a chargesheet will be issued soon.
Earlier, Ms Ampareen Lyngdoh said that Mawkhar used to be in the middle of trade and skills development.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The VPP has sent a letter to the Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma to express its opposition to the holding of the meeting of the Speakers of the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday.
“The State Government has held a meeting to discuss the strengthening of the health centre, service delivery and the need to improve the buildings.
Hap pyllang is not allowed to do this.
“This is an important part to commemorate Myllung Soso Tham who has made a great contribution to the literature of the Khasi language,” said Shan Nongrum, President. HYC Sohra Circle.
Shillong: Heavy rainfall has reached 47.4mm in Shillong today.
They also beat Langsning 1-0 in the first leg on 28th October.
In Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, the polling station with the highest number of voters was 17-Nongspung and 33-Rambrai Jyrngam with 1274 voters while the polling station with the lowest number of voters was 82-Kamsing in Amlarem. and 56-Photeitsim in Ranikor with only 36 voters.
Sylvester Mylliempdah (79), Sanvert Kurkalang (28), Deibormi Rangad took four wickets and Peterson Lamare and Firstbornson Dkhar took two wickets each.
“He’s the best guy I’ve ever met.
He said that after receiving the information, the relatives together with the police went to verify the body of Mathaios and took it to Nongtrai.
Perhaps we can say that only the court can save this state from corruption and other illegal activities.
Earlier , UDP Senior Working President Bindo M Lanong said that if the MDA allies do not allow the UDP to nominate a joint candidate for the MP election , there may be a government uprising .
How shocking it is to see that even the toilets have been cleaned up and the ancient rivers were the places of rest and worship of the ancients.
The distribution of the items to the students was organized by the office of the Deputy Commissioner in the presence of the District Child Protection Officer and teachers.
Speaking to media after the Government meeting on Friday, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that after discussing the state of law and order and some of the necessary measures, shops and street vendors will be allowed only until 11.30 pm, and no longer until 10 pm.
Thank you, Mary" or that means she is in a hurry, to talk to anyone today and I feel comfortable talking only to those who have been raped, who come forward to talk.
They congratulated him for the visit of his son Biang at the National Level in Hyderabad from 30th January to 06th July
The planes were quickly attacked and dropped bombs.
Shillong, July 8: The United Achik Liberation Army (UALA) will be dissolved tomorrow. with the agreement to make peace with the government.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 27: “The claim of the leaders of the Synkhong Rympei Thymmai that the giving of jait to a man is good, is a false claim of the wise”, said Bah D.Lyngdoh, Rangbah Kur of the Synkhong Rympei Thymmai. tribe of Priests.
We would like to inform you that Ma Embhahlang Khyriem (Ma Bhah) son of (L) Bilodian Khyriem and who is also the Waheh Chnong of Tympang Iawmusiang Dorbar, Jowai, passed away on 28/10/2
About 56,000 residents have been affected by the floods due to heavy rains in 36 hours in most parts of Uttar Pradesh.
The video shows Kajol naked, and the video shows the actress naked and the picture was shot by Rosie Breen. The video, which was stolen, was released on TikTok on July 5, 2023, with a photograph entitled 'Get Ready With Me' Kajol's face, which reads "Get Ready With Me" (GRWM).
The Seng has stated through written and discussion that NEHU itself was established under the Government of India Act in 1973 to provide special services and assistance to the people of the North East including Nagaland. , Mizoram, Arunachal Pradesh and Meghalaya.
He also alleged that he had submitted the Completion Report without the approval of the Engineer or the Inspection Committee.
Meanwhile, another Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, has been reinstated as the Minister of Urban Affairs, Transport, Commerce Industries and Prisons and Correctional Services. .
The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has decided to temporarily suspend the budget session which was scheduled to start tomorrow due to the rapid spread of COVID-19 worldwide.
This victory of the country has brought joy to the whole of India thanks to the hard work of the scientists working at ISRO. and ISRO through video conferencing to watch the landing of Chandrayaan-3 on the moon's surface today.
Shillong, Naitung 3: Police today recovered the body of a 55-year-old woman.
Besides the French, other ethnic groups who have seen and heard, have praised and respected the Khasi culture.
He said the government has already sent an affidavit to inform the Court about the decision of the HPC not to accept the proposal of the state government.
Hundreds of women of the Meghalaya Pradesh Women's Congress (MPMC) have not been able to march from the Congress office in Khyndai Lad to the BJP office on Bivar Road to protest against the Citizenship Amendment Bill The BJP has not won the Lok Rabha elections.
The entire Kur Warjri sends its best wishes to Father Patrick and his family that they will continue to serve their fellow human beings better even though they are abroad.
They were also welcomed by the traditional dance of Behsingkhalai, which is the traditional dance of Umniuh Tmar.
The relatives of the deceased are requested to take the body from the morgue of the hospital within a day from the date of issuance of this announcement but otherwise the body will be handed over to the mortuary. Shillong Municipal Board.
The society of the Khasi is based on the existence of the Kur (Clan), from which it is possible to know and understand whether a person is a Khasi or another Jaitbynriew.
This religion merged with the Church of God in Anderson, USA because the baptismal method is exactly the same as the church in America.
Speaking to reporters, she said that blocking apps is not enough.
Shillong: U Congress MLA Bah Process T Sawkmie on Tuesday said that many of the development projects in the state have been implemented by the Congress government when it was in power. The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government has received all the benefits.
Officials of the department also attended the meeting held at Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium.
The start and finish of the race will be held at Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat.
When we say laws, we don't mean that the leaders should make laws that don't benefit the people, but that they should make laws that are policies that will improve income, education, health. , provides employment especially policy for talented youth in multiple sports activities.
They said that some areas under Raid Mukertila have been crossed by Bangladesh and Bangladesh has reached the National Highway to Umsyiem and Dawki.
Another Maram saying is that money without water will destroy you without water and many kinds of diseases.
A newborn baby was diagnosed with hernia at Jowai Civil Hospital, Ialong.
J Lyngdoh from Mooshrot said that now they are more comfortable walking on this road, but before this we sometimes feel like we don't reach our destination.
“We will send three copies of the request,” said the CJI. The single bench of the Meghalaya High Court has suspended the foundation stone laying ceremony at the approved sites. to determine the boundaries and to comply with the social agreements.
In the subject of Science, South Garo Hills has set a record with 100% pass rate, West Garo Hills with 88.19%, North Garo Hills with 88.19%. 78.95%, East Jaintia Hills out of 24 students who passed.
He said that the people of all the areas have seen the work of the MLA Mawlai, so he asked how the people of Mawlai can condemn such an MLA who works and helps the people, especially during the time of covid. not closed.
Sachin Pilot has strongly opposed Ashok Gehlot on allegations of corruption in the previous BJP government in the state. He demanded that action should be taken against those involved.
This is stated on page 29 of the new Draft EIA
Parïong said that the farmers have started harvesting soh for two months, but the production of soh is not the same as in previous years.
John 1:1-3.
The backwardness of the state has decreased steadily.
In the first match, Khliehshnong Ïalong beat Mookaswan Dongñein 1-0 with the goal scored by Saiñhikiru Pale in the 8th minute.
Who were the sick or the demon-possessed whom Jesus healed? Is it true that demons have entered into them and that they have been possessed by demons? What is that disease? We know that depression affects the brain and people with dementia lose consciousness, think confusedly, speak confusedly and act confusedly.
Nido Sania from Arunachal Pradesh was killed in Delhi on the 12th of July, the shooting of two Nagaland girls, the rape of a child on the 8th. Two youths from Manipur have been shot dead and lathi charged by Delhi Police yesterday.
The cause of his death was due to acute respiratory distress syndrome.
It is to be recalled that Bah Walter is one of the most famous Khasi dancers who is known as Michael Jackson who sang the Khasi song “Mano Mano”.
The district authorities, after witnessing that the house has started to collapse and pose a threat, have ordered the two residents of the house to leave on Tuesday night to escape. from any danger and injury.
The Seng Khasi Kmie has decided to propose to the district authorities and the Dorbar Shnong that the temporary health center should be opened. The Seng is pleased to donate temporarily, this school building to be used as a place to heal or treat the people who have been infected with this disease, which this time has affected the country. state and the city.
How do these differ?.
"“At this rally we want to show to the people of Manipur and to others especially to those in power that they should take responsibility in any way they should take to end this bloodshed and as well as for those people who have the intention to initiate the process of bringing together the people to bring peace, hope, mutual understanding and understanding.
Speaking at the meeting, the Second Prime Minister expressed his happiness to have the opportunity to attend the celebration of this day here in Jowai.
Replying to the Rajya Sabha today, Children's Minister Nityanand Rai said the Indian government has no intention of implementing the NCR across the country.
He also allegedly deceived the residents to sign up for grants from government schemes.
The elections have ended and the polling day has arrived, but there are questions that the leaders of the BJP, NPP and even the UDP should answer to the voters on the polling day or before they decide to form a new government in the state.
Thousands of male and female dancers, along with tens of thousands of people, are expected to attend the festival during these three days. shad thank you.
According to the President of KSU Delhi Unit, Marbiang Khongwir, these two Khasi youths came to Delhi to work as security guards in a company known as SSA Security Firm. Anand Vihar, Delhi.
You can read lyndet 4 to 12 times.
As a sign of assistance and convenience for the residents of Mawlai, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw handed over a work order worth T.5 lakh for the construction of the residential area. Lum Mawnei Village, Umthlong.
He said that in the month of November-Nailar, “it has just happened and if the government had taken action, it should have talked to the Rangbah Shnongs, but it has not done anything”.
It is impossible to conclude whether it was planned before or after, but the law is the law and the police are here to serve the people of the State whether there is a problem or not. “They are working hard to fulfill their duties to provide peace to the people,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
Meghalaya was incorporated in 1971 and became a full state in 1972 and since the independence of the new state, there has been no department to look after the rights of the people of the state. These cultural activities have to go through the Ministry of Education as it is only a small department.
He said that the MLAs also have a dorbar and it would be good for the farmers to have such a dorbar to discuss agricultural activities.
The match between the two teams has been postponed to 15 overs per side due to weather conditions.
The aim of this is that by raising these piglets they will grow and the farmers will earn money from the sale of the piglets.
Therefore, any suggestion should be accepted, so that we can bring clarity on the issue of improving MeECL as this is a long standing issue,” he added.
It is learned that many Assam vehicles carrying tourists have had to return to Assam, as the police have not allowed these Assam vehicles to board Shillong.
Now we don't have to worry about traveling at any time because the road is good,” he said.
“The committee will examine through GPS those villages which exist and which are not included in the 2011 list.
When the school opened, both of them went to class-VI. In the final exam of class-VI, they failed again. hi to the pop.
These four persons were identified as Niksrang alias Rarik, Chiseng alias Guare, Basrang alias Asilang and Sudrakar alias Mikjrao. .
“Therefore you shall not give your daughters to their sons, nor take their daughters for your sons.
In the last Budget Session, the Speaker did not recognize the opposition leader.
Gaurav Gogoi, spokesperson of the All India Congress Committee (AICC) and MP from Assam, today alleged that the BJP has tried to mislead the Supreme Court. The BJP-led NDA government has been criticized for Rafael's case.
In the first innings, SCA-A scored 101 runs and TDCA managed to score by 9 runs after all the batsmen were dismissed for 110 runs.
The Waheh Shnongs or the Synjuk Waheh Shnongs should not act only as organizations, but they have a higher authority which the government should recognize.
The Division Bench comprising Acting Chief Justice HS Thangkhiew and Justice W Diengdoh on the report of the Single Member Committee, Retd. Hills to appear before the court on 11th November 2023 at 10.30 am to explain the report.
Why don't Khasi pass for IAS, IPS and IFS? Is the reason that they can’t or aren’t determined to work hard? In fact, when there’s a will, there’s a way.
The damage to the roads has been severe but the government is not ready to help and protect the people even though this flood happens every year, said the AITC. four brews died and the same thing happened in Garo Hills.
During the raid, police recovered 13 cows from the room next to the house.
He said that the council urgently needs to revise the appointment system so that the Service Rule will not cause problems in the future and the whole house needs to approve and decide to reduce the number of employees to 1000 people. appointment within the council.
“We Hynniew Shnongs don't get development works from the Government and we don't have the right to bring in any development works without getting the NOC from the Government,” said Orkybest Nongkhlaw. the side of the Raid Tynring.
Other speakers at the meeting were Marbait Kyndiah and the meeting was conducted by BS Shylla who is also the Secretary of SURE. They have written to the State Government and demanded that it should cancel its decision taken on 4th November, 2014 to allocate 18 acres of land at & 7 mer Upper Shillong to the soldier names.
In connection with the incident, the Ri Bhoi Police through Byrnihat Police Outpost, rushed to the scene to collect the body and took it to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for post mortem. the Postmortem.
“It is not true that after paying the bailutksan, it will be released.
Hopefully, with the joint efforts of all, their problems will be solved, so that it will encourage them to work better.
Why, O son of man, do you not wonder? Mariang to be blessed, That we may be sympathized.
Meanwhile, the family members of Palmima, Bah Donald Rani, expressed their gratitude to the management of NEIGRIHMS for rescuing their family.
He also led the launch of the Meghalaya Startup Policy
He expressed his special thanks to the law enforcement agencies from the police, magistrates and others who took care of the murder of their loved ones, the family members of these three persons including the son of Bah Yesly Mawthoh, 70, Ibajanai Nongdhar, said that they will not hesitate, but will proceed with the case according to the rules of law.
The final of the two teams, Christ Chruch (Morning) against Umrynjah Presbyterian will be held on the 15th, November, 2023 at at 3 o'clock in the afternoon.
When we travel to other states like Delhi, Chennai and even Guwahati we can travel on wide roads and easy to drive.
There are currently 9,447 people undergoing treatment for the disease and seven deaths today, bringing the total number of deaths in Assam to
The funeral service will be held on the 14th June 2022 at the Full Gospel Fellowship Cemetery, Jowai.
Therefore, in the bright Khasi thought as a Khasi, we must understand and judge ourselves from our own actions to the changes that have happened in our human world to ask forgiveness and thank ourselves for our mistakes. I'm going to LongBlei.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through its IT & Publicity Cell has urged all the 60 MLAs to discuss further how to implement the demand of the people to implement the ILP in the country. Meghalaya and how to force the Central Government to implement it without delay.
Speaking to Rupang, President of the Sengbhalang Islam, Shillong, Bah Mubarak Lyngdoh, said that the book has 1264 pages and has been translated from side to side exactly like the Quran and The translation into Khasi was done by the Editorial Board of the organization.
“In order to manage and provide for the needs of the General Council, an Organizing Committee has been set up headed by Bah Metbah Lyngdoh,” said Bah Bindo.
More than 500 employees of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC-Staff Association) on Tuesday protested against the lack of salary for nearly 10 years since November last year. They staged a sit-in in front of the JHADC office in Jowai.
Shillong, July 22: The Synod College through the Khasi Department today held a special program on Thomas Jones I under the theme “The Father of Khasi Writing”. and the Suffering of Thomas Jones I"
The workers of the project have also had to stop because the Assam police have not allowed them by telling them that if they continue to work, they will be arrested and taken to the police station for arrest.
Symptoms include redness and swelling in the eyes, watery eyes, numbness in the eyes, difficulty seeing the light and tears may appear in the morning.
Over the years, especially after we gained independence from the British, this word has gained ground among many citizens of our nation, especially after we gained our own state.
The Ramakrishna Mission has distributed 25kg of rice and 5kg of dai to 200 households in Namdong area including Namdong B, Madanrtiang, Mukhnang, Thadmukoh, Kremmyrsiang, Ladmyngngor 18 and Sanaro villages. July 21st.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will hold the election for the post of Sordar of Umniuh-Tmar Elaka on the 20th July, 2014 from 8 am to 4 pm. .
The union's intention to go to the Secretariat came after they left the Sadar police station where they were summoned on charges of violating Section 171 CrPc.
A video, which has been circulating, shows that these farmers were hit by a jeep and it hit the farmers, who were protesting in the area.
Upper Shillong, has experienced another traffic jam on Tuesday, which started at 9 am and continued till the time of writing of this news, at 11 pm.
“The Congress-led Parliamentary Party KHUDA will meet in six months to take this decision,” said a Congress MDC.
Not only that, if the meikha is a Christian, she does not perform pujer or take part in the ritual of birth of the child.
HR's refusal to play the role prompted the producers of the film to offer Ranbir who agreed to sign her.
Shillong: As part of the efforts to bring about a clean environment and health in the village of Thaw, the Nong Mynsong Dorbar Shnong with the joint efforts of the drivers of the vehicles in the village. Nongmynsong Taxi Drivers Association, on Tuesday 13th November 2022, held a cleanliness drive inside Nongmynsong Market and on the streets and townships of Nongmynsong. .
Shillong: U Solibar Rahman of Bhangnamari village in Assam has decided to rescue his son who was trapped inside the coal mine. along with his other friends.
The deceased was identified as Sengja D Shira, 28 years old.
The second place went to Ysgoi Gerdd Ceredigion (Cymru) and the third place went to the Golden Gate Men's Chorus from the USA. Shillong, which serves in India.
The two organizations alleged that the child was taken and brought into the house twice and raped there.
As part of the lockdown to fight against COVID-19, the Faith Back Fan Club or those who love and support the band #FaithBack in Jowai, this Fan Club has launched its Lockdown Karaoke Challenge today.
He said, "Shem"
The UDP has decided not to contest from the 2-Tura Parliamentary Constituency and the UDP will support Agatha Sangma, the NPP candidate for the 2-Tura Parliamentary Constituency. election and Tura.
Many students from poor families, despite their ability to study science and commerce, do not want to stay in rural areas.
Coach: Khlaiñpyrkhat Syiemlieh – Head Coach, Playerson Syiemlieh-Asst.Coach, Physiotherapist: Freddy Kharpran Manager, Lucky Mary Marbaniang.
Wilberthsoon Kharsyiemlieh said that besides the deterioration of the bridge, the HYC has also found that the Mawkaton-Nongstoiñ road has deteriorated and needs to be repaired to avoid the loss of lives. The residents of these areas who use the bridge and the road has been badly damaged.
The Behdeiñkhlam festival ended at Pung Aitnar in Jowai with a village cleansing ceremony, where the participants touched the Khnong Blai for the last time before burying it in the Pung Aitnar and breaking it. other colors of Tubut in this place.
From T.6.9 lakh in 2013 to T.12.7 lakh this year, the tourism industry has increased.
“There has been no rule or public notice issued by the Meghalaya government to prohibit the Garo people living in Ri-lum Khasi from getting benefits or shares,” they said.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle has been working hard to improve the Upper Shillong Highway from 7mer to Lummawbah by Dhar Construction. However, what surprised the Seng is that although the repair of the Upper Shillong Road has not been completed even for six months, many parts of the road have been destroyed. It has also affected the traffic especially in the area from Laimer Shiteng to before reaching Gorkha Secondary School, which has caused more and more traffic jams especially on Thuk2 lane. that car Ar wheel.
Another problem is that even his father doesn't trust him and he has warned the doctors to take the medicines he takes for fear of being accused.
In fact, the Education Department of the State Government should have taken into account the feelings and opinions of the booksellers before taking this decision which has put the booksellers in trouble.
Any doctor working in any District of the North East Region can take part in the Training Program which will be held at NEIGRIHMS on
If as the people we elect our rulers on the basis of money from the candidates how can we expect to get the right rulers for that reason it is also the duty of everyone to be a thoughtful voter. "Well," said the Catholic priest.
On the same day, Bah David also announced his performance report on various schemes which he has distributed to the people.
The Government has promised to complete all the irrigation projects in Mudhol.
However, she said that they cannot say whether it is caused by eating pork because the treatment is based on the reports from the patients.
On Friday it was 83.15 per litre.
Earlier, the 108 employees of the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (MEMRIWU) led by Bah Roipar Kharaswai had met with the Mission Director. decided to increase the salary by 6 percent of their current salary and also according to the length of service.
The meeting was conducted by Ma M.Lyngdoh Pyrtuh, former Rangbah Shnong of Sohmynting. The keynote address was delivered by Simon Pyrtuh Rangbah Shnong and welcome speech by Ma B. .Phawa General Secretary Village.
One Family.
This announcement is partly an amendment to the order issued on November 14, 2023 and to continue to implement the order issued on November 3, 2023.
“Papa, Lydia and I have fallen in love, I don't know how you will feel,” said Hep.
Above all, as a nation, we need to renew our minds more than ourselves, because the wisdom to make decisions is the safety of our young children and those who will come after us.
They have blocked trains in Howrah in West Bengal and Guwahati in Assam, demanding adequate pay and other adequate assistance.
And it is not only those from Meghalaya who will be affected.
In addition, all the eight states of the region have agreed to compulsorily teach Hindi in schools up to Class
In just 12 hours, 29 people were killed in two shootings in the United States.
If students get 15 marks in any subject, they will give plus 15 marks to get
Speaking to reporters, Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary of the United Democratic Party (UDP), said that on 24th July, they came to meet with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma. opposition to the coming of the railroad into the state.
How to specify prices.
This license is a good reason to provide employment to the villagers in the liquor industry.
We don't know how long it will take to resolve this issue which has been pending for decades.
The Church of God Rehabilitation Center is a project of the Church of God Business Association (BCA) which is located at Syad Rit in Ri-Bhoi District. Through this Rehabilitation Center the Church hopes that it will continue to guide its children and souls. God to the life that society accepts them once again.
Out of these 20,000 applications are for farming,” he said.
Access to electricity has been a key priority of the government's initiatives.
Priyanka said Nick first sent her a message on Twitter in 2016, saying, "I heard from my close friends that I should meet you. Priyanka replied that she didn't want to write on twitter, but she gave him her mobile number.
“If we don't get a proper salary to support our families, how can they expect us to provide proper education to the students,” said Bah Shullai.
We don't need these people who don't know the way of life or the customs of the Hynniewtrep people. These national parties have the right to vote for non-tribals who do not have the right to vote for the Khasi people.
“The Women's Commission has to hold a thorough consultation with the relatives of both the parties and the mother of the father who killed the children.
Steve Mc Namara, General Secretary of the union, said that the taxi drivers have been selling their taxis every day and now many drivers have sold their taxis. you are sniew.
General precautions include preventive measures to be followed to prevent the spread of COVID-1
The State has joined hands with the rest of the country to celebrate the Teacher's Day which is also known as 'Teacher's Day' A special program with the distribution of prizes to teachers.
When they reached Motphran, they had a drink there and decided to leave the village early.
On the 6th, the Unit conducted an awareness program on many topics.
" (2 Corinthians 5:17) On Christmas Day we remember Jesus as a warrior and a warrior, and Jesus stood and fought against the old powers, which continue to oppress, to destroy people and in this struggle he formed a new group.
The General Election was organized by the Independent Election Committee comprising Harold Newman Passah, District Program Manager (G), DRDA, EJHD, as Chairman, Teibormi Kyndiah, District Child Protection Officer, EJHD as Secretary and Wanbhalang Buam, District Co-ordinator, Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, EJHD as Member.
Shillong, July 2: The Shillong Press Club in its emergency meeting today decided to inform the Press Council of India and the relevant authorities to challenge the order of the Meghalaya High School. The Court has recently issued a ban on newspapers from publishing any news of protests announced by various organizations such as curfew, public meetings and others.
Not only that, it was also said that after the incident, Bah Pai fled to Assam and lodged a complaint against them.
He said that the job seekers of Meghalaya have suffered a great loss because the government can no longer create the opportunities, as it is an examination for the whole of India.
Dr Sangma said the government's goal is to build a prosperous Meghalaya in terms of education and health when the state turns 50 years old.
Furthermore, from now on, the Police will continue to be vigilant against the presence of some trucks which smuggle coal outside the state, in violation of the NGT order, he said.
In the Khasi villages near the Dkhar villages in the north, many times the Khasi Rangbah attack, "They say," while the truth is that they went to kidnap/steal "Young Dkhar women" poikha poiman, without don't have a bad mind.
The source said that after the man admitted the patient to the hospital, the nurses in charge of the hospital, admitted the patient to the intensive care unit. Emergency room and after admitting the patient to the hospital, the nurses asked the name of the patient from the man and the man said “What do you need to know the name?” he asked.
Rymbai Iawpynsing and Mawlai SC have won the Meghalaya State League 2023 by scoring 5-1 goals each on Tuesday.
In the letter, the union said that under Article 21(A) of the Constitution of India which states that any child aged 6 to 14 years shall receive education that is not you need to pay.
The vote of the party has been lost,” said Ronnie V. Lyngdoh of the Congress Legislative Party (CLP).
The Rangbah Shnong of Jongsha, Bah Olet Kharsahnoh was the Chief Guest in the presence of NESFAS members and staff of these PHCs. These PHCs have also received injection boxes, water bottles, maternity beds, lights for shelters and others.
At the same time, he urged the youth of the district and the state as a whole to be successful in competitive examinations in various fields especially to become employees in the field of education. banks so that it will be of assistance to the citizens especially in the rural areas.
It may be recalled that the elections to the JHADC and KHADC Legislative Assemblies will be held on June 27, but the elections have not yet started.
During the visit, he met Rahul Gandhi and advised him to cut off his clothes and find a husband.
The SDM said that the residents on both sides of the border have long expressed their demands for the reopening of the border market in the Kamalasagar-Kasba area.
by the power of faith all differences are overcome.
Among the countries, we have seen that there are those who have come out to support Israel like the United States, the United Kingdom, India and others.
On the other hand, the Vice President of HANM, Bah Bawan Nongsiej, said that the statement of this person to the party is that the party's visit to Jantar Mantar on the 3rd November 2023 is to disrupt the party. the recognition of the Khasi language in Article 10 of the Constitution.
Rympei PIP, the winner, received a cash prize of Rs 30,000 while Friends United, who lost in the final, received Rs 20,000 and a trophy.
The Meghalaya Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has celebrated its victory in three out of four states in the Legislative Assembly elections. of the states in India.
The funeral service will be held on 07/1/2022 at the Moodymmai Neiñ Presbyterian Church.
He said that the state of peace and stability has improved, there are improved connectivity facilities and the central government's determination to pay special attention to the region has brought about an era of development. .
“The (Republic of Korea) Embassy in New Delhi will continue to work harder to implement such projects that will benefit the people with more cooperation in the years to come,” he said.
The Meghalaya High Court has also ordered that the Rangbah Shnong should fall under the definition that he should be a public servant, so that he can be prosecuted under the laws of the Government of India, the Corruption Act. and others on his rebellion.
Therefore, to avoid traffic accidents, first of all, it is necessary to start yourself, by being careful in driving, avoid eating and drinking, avoid talking on mobile phones and more. The most important thing is that when you get into a car and intend to drive yourself, your mind must be calm, thinking before you drive until you reach the destination. After this, it is possible to redirect one's own intellectual power to the tasks that should be done.
These include EGH: 21, EJH: 12, EKH: 143, NGH: 60, RBD: 69, SGH: 10, SWGH: 15, SWKH: 03, WGH: 66, WJH: 84 and WKH:
Ghosh was arrested in November 2013 and was granted bail in
The Government, after the audit of the death toll from COVID-19, has issued a directive on health.
About 50 to 60 people gathered at M/S Thangkhiew Petrol Pump. The survey started at 10 pm and ended at 2:30 pm. to the sorption.
I have passed class 7 and I want any job as much as I can and I have experience as a peon in MeECL Lumjungshai.
Replying to a question by SK Sunn, Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar said that these factories have also employed people from the state.
the house to write called for help from Peter's mother and sister.
Home delivery staffs.4.
On the other hand, the union wants the Government to immediately resolve this issue and the Joint Action Committee has decided to fix the fare according to the old notification.
The second edition of the Meghalaya Baby League, sponsored by the Tata Trusts, the All India Football Federation (AIFF) and the Government of Meghalaya, started in April This is the first tournament in Shillong.
The HYC leader said that there are many government employees and policemen who want ILP and who care about their children and heritage and who support the protest of the HYC but these they have to fulfill their duty while on duty.
The Nongshillong Village Council has lodged a complaint with the Nongstoin Police Station on the same day that the body was found. The body of Gracefully Marwein was found with only bones on her head, legs and it looked like she had been eaten by animals. .
There was also not a single complaint filed.
At Raij Tuber, 64 colors from 30 villages, including 19 villages from East Jaintia Hills and 11 villages from West Jaintia Hills, will arrive.
“We don't want our blood to be lyngkien because most of the dead are our own flesh and blood,” said Bah Bless.
It is when you have experienced the reward again, that you start pointing fingers or blaming others, you start crying again alone, or trying to change your own life, but the reward doesn't really wait for anyone. but she is quick to do her own duty.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: Police in Ri-Bhoi district today seized 3700 billion grams of heroin from Shangbangla.
Green tea is one of the most healthful drinks, but it is dangerous and harmful if consumed in excess.
While the members of the UHM were on their way to Sabuda village, they were blocked by the Ribhoi District Police when they reached the PHC Bhoirymbong.
In a statement, the Chairman of MUCF, Rev. Batkupar Dunai, said that the Forum believes that every day is a day dedicated to God, but Sunday is a holy day to worship God. of various church groups except for some religious groups who worship on other days.
The statue was found in the middle of Laitbynter Road, but the statue of Jesus was not clearly visible from that place, but from a hill in Marbisu Mawsmai, far away. about 200 meters from the place of the appearance of Jesus.
The team of Police and CRPF, when they went to the scene, they learned that the robbers were about 8 persons. They carried wooden sticks and when they took the money, they fled into the forest.
Rupang has learned that the union has sent these questions to the principals of various schools to see whether the questions are different or the same as the questions. which was distributed to the students today.
At the time of writing, it is not known how much damage has been caused by the fire as the investigation is ongoing.
“We should not just do it for our own benefit now and it will affect us from generation to generation,” said Bah Ronnie. “We appreciate the call of the Prime Minister for a meeting of all political parties to discuss the Roster system".
activities of nature on Mount Kyntonsngi.
Is that; 1.
Nongstoin: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah T. Lyngwa, today announced that the The shops approved by the Covid Management Committees will be allowed to open on the 11th July from 8 am to 5 pm.
Shillong, March 20: The Comptroller and General (CAG) in its report dated October 31, 2014 has shown that MeECL has lost T.60.43 lakh due to the illegal use of electricity by the people.
"What are you doing...?" Kong Miar said first as soon as she reached the house of Kong Lumspah, “What are you doing, it's so hot that day I'm sleeping on this shylliah that they're throwing from the war...” Kong Lumspah said. When she got home, Kong Lumspah also got up and went to sleep and invited Kong Lumspah to sit on the shylliah.
She also told us how she counted food items in her childhood and youth and said that in her time to pay for food, only 10 tyngka (tama) was enough to eat.
Bantei Kharjana, Dy. Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills District, inaugurated the Photo Exhibition and gave a speech on the unknown heroes of Meghalaya who surrendered.
Speaking to media on 14th November, he said that the 11 projects which have received funds from the Ministry of Housing of the Government of India are the implementation of the Smart Road ba 6 KM, parking lot at Motphran, Waste Water Treatment Plant, rainwater harvesting, Commercial Complex at Polo, Fire Safety, Construction and improvement of Municipal Market Laitumkhrah, improvement of parking spaces in Shillong, the implementation of ICCC and Traffic Awareness for school children in their schools.
If you count wrongly, you may lose your job.
In the midst of food and drink, he loses his freedom.
As they waited, they saw that others were ready to stop one after another.
The State Government has introduced and implemented the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act, 2016 with the aim of ensuring the strengthening of the safety and security of the residents of the State through a thorough assessment of the residents living in the State. .
“Another thing is to understand the fact that the residents of the state have been involved in this coal mining for 200 years now and this is their source of income. “If any new solution hasn't come, the residents will have to go straight to this job, and it's not easy for the administration to stop everything”.
Among these teachers, not one from Ri Bhoi and West Khasi Hills is on the list to be dismissed, according to the Director.
MEPA expects the Meghalaya government to follow the good example of the Assam government and take action against journalists in the state.
He said that the International Tourism Mart has been important to open up the opportunities in the North East related to tourism, by showcasing the unique identity of the region, heritage, traditional customs and handicrafts and is a hub where those involved in tourism can connect with foreign as well as domestic buyers.
Riquoma Rq Laloo in his speech said that the fight against COVID-19 is still ongoing and the publication of the book is part of the efforts to remind the future generations of the village and the village. This booklet lists the activities of the Shnong in the fight against COVID-19 from 23rd March (October) to 30th September (November)
After being brought to court, the policeman will be questioned for 14 days.
Regarding the traffic jam in Shillong, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “The Government will strive to increase the number of Link Roads in Shillong. Shillong, Jowai and Tura.
Yogesh Tiwari scored 22 runs and Raj Biswa 11 runs.
Similarly, in the villages that have fields or fields, if they have only a few daughters, they are given together with the men, where the daughters, sons and daughters work. .
Interestingly, to date, there has been no disturbance of peace and the protests have been peaceful.
“Through you Mr.Speaker Sir, I would like to inform the Governor that Meghalaya is not a Hindi speaking state,” said Bah Ardent. there was a struggle for a full state.
Nongstoiñ, July 4: The Seng Samla Shnong Mawiawet (SSSM) on Tuesday held a donation program for 13 children and those with disabilities in The SSSM has done this charity work through the donation of clothes.
Because of the snow, there are drivers with two wheels who show that ability to drive or turn or lift the wheels up and so on.
Shillong: A strong earthquake has struck Ampati on Friday night, causing severe damage to houses and crops.
Once people drink alcohol, the corona virus has disappeared,” she said.
Cash prizes were awarded to the winners of the competition.
He said that there are also trainers for those who want to be trained in this competition.
Shillong, Nailur 22 : The AITC Leader and former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma on Tuesday said that he will hear whether under the provisions of the Act the Legal Notice has been issued to him by the AITC. Henry Lalremsanga, Chairman of 2B's Group of Companies.
“Bahnah, do you want to leave...? “Yes Riia, I'm going to buy something...” Riia replied, “Let's go and drink first...” Bahnah said, “Yes, I'm just coming home...” Riia said, “Tang ba wer. I don't give you a reason...” Bahnah said. Riia laughed and followed him straight to the shop.
In a statement sent by MPYC President Samla Adrian L. Chyne Mylliem, he said that the party is not surprised that Dr. Ampareen will continue to confuse the words 'Gharwapsi' and 'double standards' How can a suspended MLA commit fraud,” said the Seng leader.
To me, the inheritance to the father or mother is not evil, because I have many Khasi friends who give inheritance to the father, and who take the inheritance of their children to themselves, I found that they are not evil but However, the elders are responsible for their own household, and the children are very happy when the father is the longtrai of the children, not just to be happy as taught by the Khasi custom.
Up to 104 COVID-19 volunteers of the Meghalaya Home Guards and Civil Defense (MHA) are yet to receive their daily allowance of T.13670800 from the government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, on Tuesday urged the students to love politics and not to despise it.
Tripura Chief Minister Biplab Kumar Dev, together with Bangladesh Commerce Minister Tipu Munshi, laid the foundation stone of the Kamalpur-Kurmaghat market in Moulvi Bazar district of Bangladesh. ) in the presence of Vikram K. Doraiswami, High Commissioner of India to Bangladesh.
He also requested the government to create the mechanisms to market the agricultural products of the Riwar area such as Kwai, Tympew, Synsar and Sohmrit Khlaw.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Luistar Lyngdoh as the chief guest encouraged the students to continue to perform well in their studies as they have done well this year, because education is a challenge. It is very important these days if young people want to reach their goals as they want in their lives.
He said that the delay in the release of the results by NEHU has made it difficult for the students to go to school to look for places to study for higher education. The union has informed the Chancellor, to demand that he should not exclude Khasi youths, who come from any place and who want to study at the school.
Meanwhile, Umroi MLA George B Lyngdoh said the introduction of Article 370 in Jammu and Kashmir has witnessed the violation of the rights of the states.
Regarding the Seng Khasi's claim that the land proposed by the village is too far, the Rangbah Shnong said that the land at Lum Nongkhlaw is in the middle and not far away. 2 kilometers from the Syiem's ​​Square.
Hi I'm Shawn bd I'm from Shillong and I'm looking for a girlfriend from Jowai.
The ANVC has handed over 93 rounds of ammunition, while the ANVC-B has handed over 98 rounds of ammunition.
Documents required to submit include Aadhaar Card, Birth Certificate and other government recognized documents.
After this, Rgh D.Syiem, went back to thank God to express his gratitude to God, and asked Him to guide and guide the work of the preparation. They walked smoothly, the sound of the ksing, the tangmuri, the sound of the trumpets, the sound of the trumpets, the sound of the trumpets, so that the men and the virgins, when they came out of the lympung, could hear. to shad you soul.
Similarly, houses and mer are not separated.
“I appeal to the youth because I understand the aspirations of many of the youth of the country and we appeal to them to be willing to bring it back in the next session and I believe “This motion will not die but will be continued for discussion in the next session,” said Bah Renik.
Speaking to Rupang, Ma Siangshai said that he has not yet decided which party will contest the election, but the people will decide the ticket. Thousands of people gathered today at Dispur in Guwahati to protest against the Indian government's bill, which allows foreigners to settle in India.
He said the government has also set up several committees to look into the implementation of laws that can prevent the illegal influx of mynder into the state.
The Minister also urged the Managing Committees to take responsibility for these schools across the state.
Shillong, Naitung 29: In the past few days, when the journalists visited Tyrna village, they found that from Mawsmai to the village, the road has been badly damaged. Shaba palat, you can see the snow on all sides of the road, and there are places where there are no stones.
A special meeting was held today to commemorate the third death anniversary of PA Sangma.
The ceremony was attended by the people from all over the country along with the elders and women of the Seng Khasi.
It is not surprising but what is needed is that we work together to think about how we can move forward together,” he said.
The village leaders were not only angry with this private person, but also with the lack of cooperation from the Umsning Out Post Police, because according to the village leaders, the police did not find They worked hard, because when they complained or asked for help on this incident, no one was found to have hurt them.
After the theft, police have warned the public not to buy old mobile phones from anyone they don't know or not to buy old mobile phones. They said that if arrested, they will be punished under section U/S 411 IPC and punishable by 3 years in jail.
Shillong, Iaiong 28: After it appeared in the newspapers including Rupang today that Barato Village has attacked Maitdein Village, the Barato Dorbar Shnong in its emergency meeting today has decided to Darphi Sariang, Rangbah Shnong of Maitdein, strongly condemned the statement and said that this is an unfounded allegation against the residents of Barato who allegedly attacked Maitdein on the 27th of this month. date of June.
sad but true.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner and Chief Executive Officer, East Khasi Hills District, has informed the public of the safety measures due to the heavy rainfall in the district.
The cleanliness drive was also to attract the public for the North East Food Show.
“The party feels that what has happened in the past six months (August 2021-May 2022), the time has come to reveal all the facts,” said the statement.
What encouraged the VPP leaders under the leadership of Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit as President and in the presence of General Secretary, Dr. Ricky Syngkon and other leaders, was the willingness of the people to join the VPP. This was after the senior leader explained to the people about the foundation and commitment of the VPP party to serve the people in the state.
Shillong: The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills District, today announced that the curfew has been extended for 14 hours from 6 pm to 8 pm tomorrow.
Archer scored 11 goals in 20 appearances for Middlesbrough last season, and also scored two goals for England in the European Under-21 Championship.
How wonderful it would be if we could be self-sufficient or stand on our own feet in food production.
Dr A War, Director of Health Services, Dr A War, while explaining about the death of a child from Covid-19 in the state, said that the child is 8 months old. He was from Arunachal Pradesh and was admitted to NEIGRIHMS Hospital.
I also wonder why those government employees who work in the DTO office don't say anything when the brokers come face to face to explain the needs of the people and those who act and sit in the seats as government employees? Isn't this the involvement of government employees in the DTO office from the smallest to the largest? If they are involved, the government should punish them according to the rules of law so that illegal activities, fraud and theft will not be able to spread in government offices and society. society of our state.
Earlier, there was no death in West Bengal.
When you eat your own food, you will be healthy and strong and your money will stay in your country.
He said that in the past they used to harvest 10 kilos from a byrni weighing 60 kilos and even today some farmers have harvested the same amount but those farmers who are heavier don't want to harvest only 2 or 3 kilos.
The President said that it is after the three mid-term elections that the party has seen that the people of the state have shown a sign of confidence in the UDP as the party to lead the party. state.
At the same time, she strongly criticized the BJP party and the NPP-led MDA government of Meghalaya for alleging that this government has not done anything for the people of the state. , many shortcomings in terms of schools, colleges, universities students from Meghalaya have to go abroad to study like Guwahati, Bengalore, Delhi and other places in terms of health care. There is still a lack of health care, roads and in all aspects this MDA Government is corrupt.
Nongpoh, Naitung 09: Bah Dwijen Ronghang has been elected as the Chief Executive Member of Borbhuiñ Village under the Raid Marwet Hima Mylliem Syiemship. The Rangbah Shnong of Borbhuiñ, who has been appointed as the Acting Rangbah Shnong for a while, has been confirmed as the Acting Rangbah Shnong of Borbhuiñ. village of Borbhuiñ Village.
With shiphew shympriah kti we live, protect and strengthen to support, uplift and help others.
The wisdom of the rulers, the wisdom of the nurses, the wisdom of our superiors is the wisdom of God.
He said that NGT has already banned the mining of coal, oil and gas with the aim of protecting and preserving the environment but the surprising thing is that it is silent on the mining of uranium.
The MPHRC urged all those in authority to protect human rights and to take measures to prevent violence from happening in the society in the future.
Nongstoiñ, July 06: Regarding the reports by some people who have claimed to be supporters of the MLA of Nongstoiñ, the Nongstoiñ MLA, Kong F.Marngar, has ordered these people , that they might meet her, to discuss the truth.
Such persons include Scheduled Castes, Scheduled Tribes and Other Backward Classes.
" The Bahnah.
The HYC also found that the cleaning area has been turned into a storage area where only wooden materials, cupboards and benches belonging to the people were filled.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Kong RM Kurbah, on Friday issued an order that from July 5, 2023, the Odd-Even System will be introduced for commercial vehicles including SPTS buses. , Maxi Cab SSTS and taxis from Kashari Point to Khyndailad and Motphran, has angered the taxi drivers in the city.
He said that when it comes to drugs, everyone ends up in explanatory meetings but no one takes action against them.
The Information, Education and Communication (IEC) vans were launched by the Digital India Corporation under the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology.
According to sources, the suspect was identified as Druba Mongor Thapa, 37, resident of Mawnianglah Upper Shillong.
Days, months and months passed, no one understood, although this disease has affected the lives of many friends and fellow residents continue to work and struggle to do something useful.
“Therefore men feared him, because he regarded not the wise in heart” Job 37:2
Ronnie V Lyngdoh, MLA Mylliem and Bluebell R Sangma have been confirmed to be included in the Cabinet in November.
“Drugs go hand in hand with HIV,” said Bah Kharkongngor and therefore, he urged the youth to fight to avoid these bad habits.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has said that the Governor's residence will be opened in the near future. complete this work in Tura.
The body of the man was recovered on Thursday night after the earthquake.
The President of the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary, Daipaherbha Lamare, said that the Lukha Festival was held to promote tourism in the area as well as to promote the natural resources of the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary.
However, the Dy.CEM at that time said that in fact the KHADC had planned to hold the festival in October or June this year, but the problem prevented the festival from being held. I don't know why the council doesn't have enough money.
“Referring to the backwardness of the State in air connectivity and other infrastructure to promote tourism, Bah Paul said, “Infrastructure should be available.
Speaking at the election campaign rally in Lyngkhoi today, Bah Samlin said that the UDP has welcomed up to 200 supporters. The party is expected to win thousands of votes.
The Minister of Education, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, who is also the MLA of the area, has laid the foundation stone for the construction of the school. EMRS, Umladkhur village, West Jaintia Hills District on Monday.
The BJP-NDPP has 35 to 45 seats, the Congress 0 and the NPF 6 to
According to Novembirth, the party currently has 71 members.
The office also informed that the food shops which have to obtain a license include food manufacturers, food traders, ration sellers, food shops, food outlets, Restaurants, school and college canteen shops, meat vendors, fish vendors, vegetable vendors, dairy vendors, and liquor vendors and other food and beverage vendors have to get the Licence, which can be obtained for more information from the office of the Food Inspector, Jowai.
The MP said this in a recent interview with Dainik Jagran newspaper, saying that Christian preachers should leave their preaching work in India.
The Priority Household (PHH) ration will be distributed at the rate of 5 kg per head at the price of T.3/- for urban and rural residents.
The shooting death of Rakkam has shocked other GNLA members. Police have blamed themselves for their inability to protect Rakkam and admitted that he did not inform your friends or the police that you have left your camp.
The city authorities have declared an emergency since Sunday after many parts of the city were left without electricity due to the fire and many residents were evacuated. from that day forth.
They urged the police department to investigate thoroughly and to carry out the task assigned to them, which is to arrest all those who They were involved in the murder of the child, not to arrest those who were involved in the murder of the child and who had the intention to help the police.
On the other hand, Bah Alan Dkhar, Vice President of the party, said that in the short period of time that Bah Metbah has been appointed as President, he has increased the number of MLAs in the House from 6 to 8 people and to blow up the bomb around the place.
Up to 80 percent of the population of the state is dependent on agriculture for their daily livelihood.
The BSF chief said that Meghalaya will get 240 acres of land.
Listening to the speech of the new Governor of the state, Satyapal Malik, we feel that he is a man of responsibility especially for the poor.
We are lagging behind in many areas.
Khadar rule in the country should be free from the rule of one family,” said Sarma.
The funeral service will be held on 02/01/2023 at 1 pm at the Rymbai Presbyterian Church, East Jaintia Hills District.
Besides these three candidates, Richard Singh Lyngdoh of the Congress, Shemhok Garod of the PDF and Comingone Ymbon MLA of the National People's Party (NPP) have filed their nomination papers on Saturday.
Marak said the advertisement for Grade IV jobs was published only in Khasi newspapers and not in other Garo newspapers.
It unites people with peaceful thoughts that come from feelings and frees them from evil thoughts such as violence, strife, theft and hatred.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: A vehicle (ML-05K-5670) belonging to Bashan Bor Kharumnuid (24) has collided with another vehicle at 12:20 pm on the 20th of this month. The incident happened at Bhoirymbong, on the Shillong-Bye Pass road. The victim was identified as Kyrshanbor Wahlang.
Jyntru FC will play against Umrit SC in Group A, Shillong zone at 3pm.
Besides, regarding the daily traffic jam in Shillong, the cooperation of the public is needed because the traffic police alone cannot reduce it without the traffic jam. the cooperation of the people.
The world has witnessed that there are those who are willing to contribute to humanity.
During these two days, they also held many activities including carrom board games, costume competition, song performances and many others.
At the same time, the JAC congratulates the MDA government and the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma for taking the initiative to resolve this issue, but it is the factories that have failed to implement the new transportation fee in the state. that they may profit themselves.
I used to sing in the past-Why sha, why sha,The four leaves in the forest;Why sha, why sha,The ud ka langbyrkaw.
Here in our country, you are a khong pong.
“The Internal Audit Section will start operating independently from November 2023,” he said.
The Italian Prime Minister has said that citizens are now allowed only to go to work and to complete essential tasks to prevent the spread of the coronavirus, which is the worst in Europe in that day.
“We will take action,” said the Minister in reply to a question by AITC MLA from Dadenggre Rupa M Marak in the Legislative Assembly on Monday.
In this regard, the HYC has also met with the SDO PWD and he promised to take action and soon he will inspect the parts of this road and those who are not in good condition will be sent away. again and send it back.
And among the religious rulers who wore the image of the second beast were the clergy who forced the people to worship Caesar.
These two mixtures are located near this clay factory.
Reverend Bishop P Lyngdoh, said that this step as a group of Christian churches is to convey what the people themselves expect from the leaders and rulers.
Officials said that besides these items, police also seized documents, utensils, including electrical appliances, 30 mobile phones, Laptops, Pen Drives and Computers.
Earlier, Bah Titos said they are sad to see that last year the government had issued a notification to implement the CRPC and CPC in the courts across the state.
The sum of 7 weeks+ 62 weeks = 69 weeks.
They want to force the engineers or contractors to complete this project so that they can get famous but you should know that there is a limit to all this.
These are the signs that the ancient Khasi were a nation that saw far and thought carefully about society, the environment and especially the future of future generations, said the statement. Melajied Khongbuh, General Secretary, Khasi Students' Union, Nongtyngur Unit.
The three leaders who have joined the BJP include Dr Wansainbor A Lyngwi from Sohra, Bah Meialam Kharmalki from Upper Shillong Sawmer and Bah Elnathan Ryntathiang from Umlyngka.
Shillong: The FKJGP Seng Kmie, led by its General Secretary, Bah Dundee Cliff Khongsit, today met with the Chief Officers of the FCI Regional Shillong. The Seng has urged the FCI officers not to take stingy on the incident in which the FCI officer in Khanapara, Bah Disnarlin L Lyngdoh, resident of Mawlai Mawroh, has lost his life. riew throat blood.
“This dirty money which they have offered to the voters from 5,000, 10,000, 15,000, 20,000 and so on has disappointed the voters and will also defame the party house, the The village, the township and the nation as a whole,” said Challam.
The songs on the album are 'Come Together' by Kupar Shadap from Nongthymmai, 'Mei Mariang' by Balasiewdor Ryntathiang from Mairang and 'Pyrchang' by Bah 'Nagon Bil Donga' by Raka Sangma from Tura, 'We love Meghalaya' by Ribhashisha Kharkongor and Edilbert Shane Kharbuki from Golflink, End Game was sung by Aberrant Metal Band, Shillong and 'Pla Iew' was sung by Bah Banker Kharkongor from Mawpat, Shillong.
If so, don't blah hiar shuki now because you don't know how to lead.
Speeches were also delivered by Kong Jerina, Kong Mebirda Shangpliang and others who expressed their gratitude for this meeting to get to know each other, to share in the shon and other issues. .
The Khasi land owners can do whatever they want in their own land without any fear or anxiety and if anything happens, they will not have to turn around and the GSU Khonjoy Regional Unit will have to take responsibility. This is the beginning of such a national consciousness.
It is from you that I will get it..." The mother said to her husband, "Oh, how can I do...?" Panah asked again, “What do you want?
He said that the JHDS will follow up to ensure that all those who have received training will start their own businesses.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club today, JACJO leaders said that there are two private colleges in Jaintia Hills, Jaintia Eastern College and Thomas Jone College. There is only one government college, Kiang Nangbah College.
The camp will run from 17 June to 11 January
If they are forced to learn Hindi again, then the youth of the State will stop by any means.
However, this has prompted a group of drivers of commercial vehicles to turn to the Sadar Police Station on Saturday to demand that the police should not confirm the arrest of the three persons.
In Ri-Bhoi, there are 20 shops in Jorabat, Khanapara, Baridua and Byrnihat and they have been given 30 days to collect their goods.
A total of 5,473 kilograms of Ganja, 5,138 bottles of heroin, 19,313 Yaba pills and 6,381 grams of Heroin were seized.
Furthermore, this year, there has been an incident that has shocked the state government due to the surrender of two rebel groups which have come to peace with the government, the ANVC and the ANVC-B. The MDC elections have not been held yet, because there has been a demand to increase the number of members in the District Council, which the government has not yet taken a decision on. twice in a row and it has not yet been announced when it will be held.
He said that Shillong Civil Hospital does not have adequate equipment like MRI machine and other necessities even though in fact this is the largest hospital to serve the people. don't.
In this regard, ASSA informs that the receipt of names of clubs to participate in this season will be on or before 30th November
Earlier, the government had signed an agreement with the German International Cooperation (GIZ) to develop a water policy.
Tura: Police in West Garo Hills have found that Trinamool Congress and BJP leaders were behind the incitement to attack the meeting between the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and ACHIK leaders. a CMO Today.
“This bus service will boost the income of the two countries especially the North East and strengthen relations,” he said.
Members of the KSU also had the opportunity to talk to the staff of this sub station and showed them the transformer and sniaew and said that there are many shortcomings.
Shillong, March 3: The shortage of doctors in Meghalaya is severe especially in the rural areas as many doctors are unable to go to the rural areas due to many problems.
Speaking at the meeting, Paiem EP Syiem, Syiem of Nongstoiñ Hima, recalled that Syiem Sibsing Syiem has passed only class 8, but he has become the Syiem of Nongstoin. he was also a school teacher.
Assistance should not be used as an insult to farmers.
Not only that, but child marriage is also one of the reasons why the nation has been destroyed.
The FKJGP said that in the family of Bah Kardius, he is the only one who supports the family through his job at the DC office, after the death of his father, the FKJGP said that if the the government wants the road to be right.
Shillong: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi, today admitted that the 100 days employees or NMGNREGS in Ri-Bhoi, have not received their salaries for many months and also the cost of equipment because the government has not released the funds. more.
Therefore, to avoid the violation of the rights of minorities whether it is in terms of language, culture, religion, or other human rights violations, it is necessary for the leaders to He said the BJP government's intention to enact one language, one country and one religion in India.
In an order issued after hearing a complaint filed by Kong Aneeta Synrem, the Division Bench urged the KHADC and the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to start a consultation and try to explain to the residents. villages which have not yet accepted the participation of women to accept their participation.
Pledging to protect and respect all religions in India, Bah Kharjahrin said, “We will ensure that the right to worship as a fundamental right of everyone and that this will continue in the country. India.
It may be recalled that when the KHADC went to close down the shop of Prodipta Khongwir, who does not have a Trading License, she admitted that she is from Siatbakon, Pynursla area. He denied that it is from the village and said that there has never been such a name in the building of the village.
He said that C-Vigil is suitable for use and easy to use to connect the residents with the District Control Room, Returning Officer and Flying Squad Teams.
Tang you beh shi beh...Where is the law of the village.
Samla Lambok also criticized the Government of India on the issue of Uranium for not suspending the uranium mining project in the state.
Two cases have been reported from East Garo Hills, 1 case from East Jaintia Hills, 12 cases from Ri Bhoi, 3 cases from Ri Bhoi, 3 cases from West Garo Hills and 2 cases from West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: U Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the government's plan to detain the ANVC-B rebels who are currently in the middle of peace talks with government.
The site is located at Iurim Biam, Khatkasla on the road to Umkhyrmi and Mokoilum in West Karbi Anglong, Assam.
In West Jaintia Hills, there are two cases, one high risk and one case.
Byrnihat is the leading village in India in the production of waste from factories in parts of Assam. and Meghalaya which has brought Byrnihat the reputation as one of the leading villages in terms of pollution, which has brought many problems to the people and tourists in this country. especially the villagers living in this area who have to live with the lyer garbage for decades.
He said that by car you have to travel from Nonglang to Nongstoiñ which is about 47 kilometers, from Nongstoiñ to Rambrai about 20 kilometers and from Rambrai to Mawrok about 10 kilometers.
The Minister said that this money has not been included in the budget of the state government, as the state needs the offices of the Deputy Commissioners, Block offices and schools. The money will be used to build these houses.
It is for this reason that we should elect Rangbah Shnong/Sordar Shnong who are educated and who can read and analyze the CAG report to know how much we the people have been misled.
There will be a bus from Shillong on the 16th at 1:30 pm from Khyndailad and on the 17th from Mawlynnong to Shillong.
Your desire is like this...small places have been destroyed.
The Vice President of the Voice of the People (VPP) and Chairman of the State Election Committee (SEC), Dr. Kara Chen on July 21, said that the party has decided to to nominate Bah Ricky Syngkon as the candidate for the Lok Sabha MP elections to be held in
He said that the new government in Pakistan should look into it and do something as soon as it comes to power so that Pakistan can get rid of its problems and poverty.
Everyone was shocked because the Lyiur had ended but the rain had not fallen.
Any candidate who holds a rally on the village roads must end by 9 pm.
The Minister said that there are thousands of water tanks in Shillong.
“I feel that such an incident affects the students and their future goals,” he said.
It was shown that this method of mining coal also causes lyer bih which is harmful to health.
It should be noted that the spread of COVID-19 is a disaster declared by the Central Government under the Disaster Management Act, 2005 of sections (j) and (k) of section (2) of section 38 of the DMA
Also present on the occasion were AIPTF Leaders Rampal Singh, AMPSTA President Mrithunjoy Ch Marak, Treasurer of AMPSTA, Kong. L Tiewsoh, General Secretary AMPSTA, FC Shullai and other government officials from Meghalaya, Chief Secretary DP Wahlang, Chief Secretary Ambrose Marak, Secretary Education Department were the chief guests. book of the Government of Meghalaya.
Dr Mukul Sangma said this is not the time to fight politics by holding any public meetings.
“The worship of the cow is very old and it cleanses all the garbage and problems, so we are holding a ceremony to eradicate the rape of children, which has happened. “It's good these days,” said Ranga Rajan, who is a sadhu.
When they had finished eating and cleaning, they all sat down in the middle room.
He said that Bah Kenneth Shadap will also retire from his post as President, so he urged all the teachers of Upper Primary to come and take part in this day.
Also present on the occasion was the prominent player of Meghalaya, Bah Weone Kurbah, who is the brother of Bah Beyond Kurbah.
Shillong, November 19 : The United Democratic Party (UDP) and HSPDP (RDA) have announced the name of former HYC Leader Robertjune Kharjahrin as the party's candidate for the MP-Lok Sabha elections. to be held next year from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
Through this meeting with the Branch Manager of MRB, the RBYF leaders demanded that he should speak to the higher authorities for the installation of an ATM in Umsning. so that it makes it easier for the people who need to withdraw money urgently.
“Why are they closed? When private individuals from Delhi, UP and other places can set up dewbilat factories in the state, why the MCCL, when the state has its own share, why should the MCCL be closed down? said Mr. Bindo.
Burney Kerauzik Marak also scored 2/15 for NGH in 22.4 overs for 72 runs.
There are 2,26,770 cases, 1,09,462 recoveries and 6,348 deaths.
This was announced by Samla JJ Lyngkhoi, General Secretary KSU Mynriang Unit.
On the protest against MeECL, Bah Bandary Ryntathiang, President of the CoRP, said that the protest against MeECL is continuous. The union doesn't feel anything, but if MeECL continues to do bad things, the union will take other stronger measures.
He stressed that the development of new technologies in agriculture is very low compared to other sectors, therefore it is necessary to focus on the promotion of products, marketing and promotion so that it will lead to salvation.
The Jowai MLA said this after VPP President Ardent Basaïawmoit alleged that the people of Jaintia Hills elect their leaders by money laundering.
Those who attended the event included youth, parents and mothers from all over the country and villages.
There is no limitation and discrimination, but they work together.
Rijiju, along with the Director General of NDRF, DP Singh, inspected the flood areas in Garo Hills.
He said that according to the government, there is no order of the High Court to implement the Roster System since 1972 in the PIL filed by Zenera R Marak. The PIL filed by Greneth M Sangma said it is up to the government and the Legislative Assembly to set the cutoff date for the implementation of the Roster.
These rich people received more than 50.51 per cent among all the candidates.
Setlang Phawa is the only breadwinner and has two children, Ridamonmi (19) and Kunebhaki (5) and two daughters, Priyanka (16) and Wandaru (7).
“Although many of the leaders have been involved, the loyal workers are still with the Congress.
Gout is a disease caused by the body producing a lot of chemicals known as uric acid, which causes inflammation in the joints.
The Chief Officer in charge of Tourism in Ri Bhoi, said that the tourist attractions in the state, are the highest priced, compared to other tourist attractions. those in other states of the country.
Regarding the public meeting to be held on the 16th at Mawsynram, KSU Lawbah Border Area Circle invites the public, Rangbah Shnongs, Longkmie Organizations and others to attend. Michael Dingan, Asst General Secretary, KSU South West Khasi Hills District, said that the KSU will continue to organize and show solidarity on these issues.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong have reached the final of the Shillong Premier League 2018 after beating Rangdajied United 2-1 at the JN Stadium, Polo on Saturday.
In relation to the increasing number of villagers, this has also made it difficult for the village headmen to look after the welfare of the people and to prevent the infiltration of foreigners.
Both matches will be played at MFA Ground, Polo, Shillong.
So too could everything soon change; Saudi Arabia has made an offer to all the owners of the T20 League to open the door for the creation of the richest T20 League in the world. and in the Gulf as well.
However, this year, due to the pandemic, the participation of seiñ raij from different villages has been cancelled.
If our thoughts are evil, no doubt, the actions that will result will also be evil.
Speaking to u SP (City), Bah SA Rynjah, he said that according to the initial investigation, the family members of the police said that they had mentioned the name of the suspect in the ejahar. He was recognized from some parts, even though he was dressed in a blue dress when he entered the mother's room.
Although the incident in Malangkona area has been colder and has been going on for about three months, a source said that these refugees from Hahuapara village have not yet returned to their village. and they continue to be present at the Sildubi shelter.
Thus the Apostle Paul wanted to please others with that pleasure that is in God.
The Principle of Unity is not limited to the Being of One Flesh and One Blood.
They are the mother, Kong Kyllity Langpen, 32 years old and four children, aged 12 years, 5 years, 3 months and 6 months.
The Holy Spirit is the source of power in the life of the believer because without His power, we would not be able to do what we want especially to live a life that pleases God.
He also commended the security forces and MPs who arrested the two men after they left their seats.
Although Lapangap Village is against the cleaning of the road by the Assam Government, on the 12th of this month it has decided to allow the Assam Government to work on the road if it does not complete the construction of the road from Khanduli to Lapangap. as a reciprocity to bring about economic development in the border villages.
On the day of operation, seven patients were admitted and on that day there was also a mother who gave birth to a baby boy.
Speaking as the chief guest at the launch of a book written by T.Bn.
However, he said that this is an issue that needs to be discussed and that can be agreed upon by both sides and he said that the government has a sense of responsibility. in order to reach a settlement on this issue that will last forever.
The Hindu community in Jowai has expressed its happiness to get a special crematorium - Kambel Shullai Eco-Friendly Crematorium of Jowai Seiñraij Jowai which was inaugurated by the MLA of the area Bah Wailadmiki Shylla who is also the Chairman of the Seiñraij MUDA on the 12th of this month.
Therefore, I request and remind you all to remember in your prayers to God that you have remembered the following:-Prayers:-Let us be those who are united in the same spirit. the thought, by our joint participation in prayers, will cause God to hear our prayers, and have mercy on us in this terrible time.
The Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) said that the investigation into the incident is ongoing to arrest the suspects.
Because they have become rebels, they are selfish.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, today said that the department intends to open colleges in the state first and this will be done only after receiving the results. students under the age of 18 years have been vaccinated against corona virus.
In another match, Lamlynti lost 0-1 to Laitkyrhong.
Shillong, March 23: The Khasi Disabilities Association (KDA) has decided to receive promises from government ministers including the prime minister who have not been able to work at all. They have met with the Governor of the State to implement their demands.
Or it can be calculated as follows: if 10 acres of land requires only 1/15 acres of seeds for seedlings, then the nursery where we plant 1/15 acres of rice will be only 1/15 acres, which is about 2304 square feet ( Sq.
The demolition of the bridge has been going smoothly and no entry has been placed on both sides of the road from Iawmusiang to Ladthadlaboh until the demolition of the bridge is scheduled to be completed tomorrow.
First stir the oil and apply it to the hair, leave for about 2 or 3 hours and after that wash the hair with homemade conditioners as mentioned above.
According to a study in the Journal of American Heart Diseases, plant-based foods reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease by 16% and premature death by 25%.
He said the UDP after finding out and seeing this, will suggest to the government to set up an inquiry to ensure that the company implementing this road from Jorabat to Lad Umroi should follow the rules. criteria.
“Residents can take articles in the newspapers related to any government department, such as the collection of money by the police from truck drivers on the road, the absence of government employees, the delay in schools. , hospitals, air suppliers and others,” he said.
He said that the party had planned to meet the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma to discuss the issue but the Prime Minister has left for Delhi because of the meeting of the party. NPP in Delhi.
“I have acted like a human being, it is up to God,” she said.
The village authorities have informed the C&RD Block Wapung office to come and inspect and witness the damage which has affected their livelihood and also the loss of houses. .
The MSL is organized by the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) and supported by the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs.
Greetings to each and every one of you, who love to read the news from time to time.
Various Congress leaders today continued their protest and rally in Guwahati led by Lok Sabha MP Gaurav Gogoi.
Stories tell us that after a miraculous event that affects many churches, that event leaves clean and lasting marks.
Rymbai SC took the lead in the 24th minute through Hikaidame Bareh.
Conrad also suggested that a forum like the NEIPF besides taking care of various issues of the indigenous people, should also seek information, research and record the knowledge & traditional practices. Practice) of the paid people who have much to offer the world.
Ronie said he has no objection to the leadership of Prime Minister Mukul Sangma.
Now we are only afraid that the Khasi country has fallen like Babylon.
As part of the reversal of this fact finding, the CM has set up a committee headed by TP Rajendran in November 2022 which has said that prohibited the use of three types of named pesticides.
The bills do not reach the rural residents on time even though most of the people live in the rural areas.
“When I have traveled around the states of India, I have had the opportunity to meet with Union Ministers, various government officials and I have visited various universities in India. During the two years I have been able to plant up to 5000 trees as part of the preservation of the environment,” said Samla Mehul Lakhani also known as Mehul Bharat Yatri.
Because in such times, it is the poor and the needy who suffer most.
When asked whether he intends to announce a new party in November, Bah Pynshngain said, “No but we will see”.
As part of the celebration of World Water Day 2023, the Office of the Superintending Engineer PHE Western Circle will hold a marathon on 23rd October 2023 under the theme Accelerating. Day.
These types of products are expensive.
Shillong: The Khasi Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today convened a meeting of the Border Boundary Committee to discuss the Social Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed between the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam on 29th October. 2022 in Delhi.
On 23rd June, members of the United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) who went to Saba village to inspect the police out post built by Assam were allegedly attacked by the Karbi people and shot dead. Five members of the UHM were seriously injured.
“It is no different from the lack of attention of the Meghalaya Police, in which they said that Bah PJ Marbaniang killed himself when it turned out that he was shot dead,” said the General Secretary of the HYC. Robert June Kharjana in a statement today.
He said that the HSPDP wants to get a person who is united with all the parties in the government.
“We don't know how these people who insult his name, know the residence of Synshar,” said Bah Synshar and also the leaders of the HNYF, led by Bah B. Dkhar, President of HNYF East Khasi Hills, urged the Police to investigate immediately those who have used the name of Synshar so that it will not put his life in danger.
Lapang also denied the statement of Pala who said that he had not been informed about the recent controversy within the Congress. This is what the AICC has been trying to resolve for a long time but he has no will to talk.
Illegal sale of liquor was curbed 1092 times in 2016-17, 1460 times in 2017-18 and 1014 times in 2018-1
On the basis of Hussain's confession, the Khliehriat Police Station in collaboration with the ANTF, West Jaintia Hills have arrested another person identified as Ratan Dkhar who also confessed to owning a small factory. at his house in Ummulong and in this small factory the drugs were smuggled to Bangladesh.
Speaking to the people, the Minister urged them to join hands in this work to improve the environment and urged them to plant trees in places where they have been neglected without implementation whether it is in the ground. He also urged the teachers to join hands in planting trees in their school grounds.
There were six candidates from the UDP, BJP, HSPDP, Congress, TMC and the ruling NPP.
She said that the District Council, which is in charge of the customs and traditions and the land of the Khasi Khara people in the Khasi Hills, should take action to resolve this incident as soon as possible in these seven villages. that they may have rights and peace in their communities.
The Government also wants to promote tourism as Bangladesh is one of the biggest contributors in this field due to the beauty of Meghalaya and also the education is one of the attractions of young people from Bangladesh.
On the other hand, Lambor Suchen, Skill Development Officer, said that the project came from the Ministry of Border Areas and was implemented by the office of SDO Amalrem, DC and Skill Development.
He said that initially the former Minister of the village had informed that the JJM scheme had reached Rs 15 crore but later it was learned that it had reached only Rs 60 lakh.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 07: The 10th Annual Eucharistic Procession of the Diocese of Shillong will be held on the 12th of this month.
It has also adjusted the wording to make it more understandable to the public.
His attitude is right because he can no longer work.
The Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board, Lumpyngngat, today witnessed the lack of jobs in the state. from the number of participants in the interview.
The meeting was enriched by traditional dances and songs by the youth of the Kur Dhar from different villages.
Speaking to media, Bah Mayral Born Syiem said that as the leader, he took the initiative to visit the PHC to encourage the staff of the health department and to find out the problems with the PHC. Lack of employment opportunities and to request the government to provide the necessary facilities in the health centres.
The system used was specially developed in collaboration with the Digital India Corporation (DIC) of the Government of India.
Since the beginning of the lockdown in the state, some truck drivers from other states like Giri Hills and Assam have not been able to leave their homes. valid on the street.
It enables us to borrow from banks and others to provide loans for many kinds of development projects.
He said that the KHADC can write to the government on this issue.
The State Government has neglected the farmers affected by the cold weather even after the Government has already learned of the incident and has already asked for the Account Numbers of the farmers. But the sad thing is that the government has not been able to do anything yet.
Besides Mulum, SURE has also worked in Mukhap village under Laskeiñ block.
The availability of networks from one country on the border has threatened the security of the country as it has found it difficult to track down criminals who take advantage of the opportunity to commit crimes.
Dr Kyntiewnam Mawlong, MHO Ranikor CHC, while speaking on the impact of child marriage, said that the age of marriage is 18 years for women and 21 years for men.
The swearing-in ceremony was held at the District Library Auditorium Hall, Nongpoh. In the presence of Samla Jason Lennox Nongrum as President and other leaders of the party, To take over the responsibility of leading this organization in order to provide services to the people of Ri Bhoi District according to the mission of this organization which has been suit la shor on many grounds to serve the people.
The accountable Dorbar Shnong may appoint Mynder in their respective villages.
Speaking to reporters at Congress Bhawan, MPCC President Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh said that the Congress will end the discussion on Bah Lapang from today. He said that the AICC has sent a message from Delhi that there should be no more discussions as the AICC has already accepted his resignation letter. I don't want to expand on this.
The snieh doh is light but the main is spah.
Mizoram, which has a population of 10,91,014, comes fourth and requires 14,000 MT of food per month, slightly less than Meghalaya.
He said that until he sees what is written in the UCC, he cannot say anything and if he says to bring a resolution, what will it be about? He said that he has already said clearly. When asked about the Forest Amendment Act 2023, he said that the UCC is something that cannot be done peacefully like in India, but it will be opposed or a resolution will be brought against the UCC. talks about the lack of permission from the forest department when doing projects.
The Food Security Scheme aims to provide foodgrains to 18,44,000 people in rural areas and 3,12,000 people in rural areas.
“Has it been considered that those residents of the constituency won by non-NPP MLAs are no longer citizens of the state or has the Symbud Myntri Rangbah considered them to be from another country and state or," he added.
Out of the 40 lakh who were evacuated for the first time in Assam, the number has dropped to 19 lakh after being re-evacuated, which means that many of them have moved to other parts of India,” he said.
This village has been within the border of Meghalaya in Nonglang Sirdarship, West Khasi Hills since Meghalaya became a full state but it has been transferred to Assam.
India has repeatedly said that it cannot tolerate the presence of insurgent activities in the border areas and cannot put aside insurgent activities in order to improve relations with in Islamabad.
The State Government has sent its condolences to the families of these policemen and the State Government has promised to deploy security forces in these areas to arrest those who have been killed. involved in the incident.
Participants from investment-related sectors, various business sectors and other industries took part in a discussion on investment and loyalty, where discussions took place on the topic which includes the Labeled Bond Universe, the Pre- and Post-Issuance Processes, and the issuance of GSS bonds by country.
Speaking on the occasion, Anjan Sangma, Project Officer, World Vision India Ri Bhoi ADP, said that the purpose of the program known as 'Life School Transformational Development' is to provide a special programme. Special training to children to know the value of dignity, the value of education, the value of health and especially that children should know the right (child right) that as children shall be free from discrimination or discrimination in society.
At the opening and blessing of the Seminary, Most.Rev Bishop Victor Lyngdoh, Bishop of Jowai, said that this day will be a day of praise and thanksgiving for the blessings of God. This large and beautiful Seminary building can be built and at the same time as an inspiration and encouragement to the youth of the Church who are in this Seminary to hear the voice of God's call to He invites all the Christians of Jowai and other Parishes of other States to attend the opening and blessing of this Seminary at Ummulong. , the Parish of Ummulong.
Now let us see what the government will do or not.
During the meeting, they asked Conrad to show that the Bill is very dangerous not only for Meghalaya or Assam but for the entire North East where the ethnic minorities will become low paid if this Bill shall become law.
Mawkyrwat Jymmang 28 : The District Sports Officer (DSO), Mawkyrwat will start the Sub-Junior Football Tournament 2023 for the Sub-Junior ( boys under 14 years) and Juniors (boys and girls under 17 years) from July 13, 2023.
On the other hand, the party urged Bah Prestone Tynsong, Chief Secretary of the State, to think carefully before talking about the border issues and not to force that Block II belongs to Assam. Before taking a decision on the boundary demarcation, the residents, Shnong Leaders, Raid and Hima Leaders should be invited to know the fact that these border villages in the Block. II is still in the state of Meghalaya.
I will send you to a school that teaches in the morning.
It is here that the poet Soso Tham writes that 'the wise have become blind and blind'
He said that at present, no one trusts the police department and even the state court has expressed its distrust of the police and called for the Central Industrial Security Police. Force (CISF) to check the illegal smuggling of coal.
He recalled that the JSU has been demanding the BEd College since 1987 until now.
At 8 pm on the 26th, the relatives of the deceased and the public came to the Kharkutta OP Police Station to lodge an FIR.
The BIS activities are as follows:PROCEDURES CREATIONIn June 2022- 25 November 2022, 1217 procedures (509 new and 708 revised) were developed and 3426 procedures were reviewed.
On the part of the Seng Kur, there was also a presentation on the activities of the Seng Kur on many issues during the year 1918-19 and also the report of the Treasurer, Education Secretary and General Secretary of the Seng. Kur on top of mat work.
The man, who looked like a foreigner, was believed to be about 50 years old. He was wearing a T-shirt and a blue longie.
S Samla Jimmy said that the arrival of Rangbah Pynbiang Rymbai will be a great blessing to the JSM family and he will be the leader of the JSM as he is an intelligent Rangbah. this is the whole area.
Shillong: Several Hindu religious groups have vowed to file a lawsuit against Missionary Christian schools for removing statues of Jesus, Mary and the Cross. in the Guwahati High Court against these Missionaries for committing anti-India activities and teaching Christianity in Mission Schools in the State.
Of these, 34 sons who went to school were the sons of the king or pyrsa syiem.
Because even though the government has not allowed them to open churches, there are many who do not listen.
In his speech through Maan ki Baat, Modi did not say a word about the incident in Manipur.
The Seng Kutsnem is a celebration of the human rights of the Khasi Khara.
After the SSA teachers stayed overnight, the Deputy Chief Minister said in the same voice to set up a State Education Commission to look into the shortcomings in literacy and to give advice. to the government on how to transform education in Meghalaya.
He also asked whether the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills has not existed since the beginning ? Where is the National Highway in Shillong?
Jakusanrik M. Marak, Class 12, Dalu Government Higher Secondary School, said, “Before this programme, I used to think that I don't have anything to contribute to my family or society.
The GNLA suspect is still under investigation at Williamnagar District Jail.
She said that the time does not allow her to wait for the decision of the BJP but she has to move forward as she has decided to contest in
Other patients who have recovered from various diseases include Ioannis Shylla, Morning War, Teibormi Rymbai, Yujina Tyngkan, Yuni War, Salon War and others who have not been named. name in this article.
Referring to the land compensation, the NHIDCL said that the compensation will be borne by the DC of the district and the compensation cannot be calculated. Square Ft, the bag.
Out of these nine power projects, MeCEL has been able to generate a total of 314.70 MW. This power generation is still too low to meet the needs of the state and MeCEL has had to buy from abroad. to meet the electricity needs of the state.
“I have been told that the money has not been used to strengthen the police force,” Sangma said.
Behind them, Israeli soldiers, armed with heavy weapons, were watching the militants, who were believed to be Palestinians.
Khliehriat, Nov 21: The East Jaintia National Council (EJNC) Khliehriat Circle has given two days to the NHAI to complete the construction of the NH-6 especially in the badly damaged parts of Khliehriat. If this is the case, you can file a complaint under section 133crpc.
He said apart from the AITC, other parties are also finding it difficult to win in Garo Hills at this time.
The Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, Sanjib Banerjee on Saturday inaugurated the Circuit Court at Phulbari for Dadenggre Sub-Division in the presence of the Minister of Electricity, Judge Justice HS Thangkhiew, Registrar General of the Supreme Court, Bah E. Kharumnuid, Joint Secretary, Legal Department, Bah D. Lyngdoh and others.
Reports also said that there have been several meetings on this issue to discuss how to move forward.
The semi finals will be played home and away from July 10, while the second leg of the tournament will start on July
On this occasion, the chief guest hoisted the flag of the group and at the same time he threw the ball as a sign of the opening of the occasion, as it was said that the village will celebrate The Silver Jubilee will be celebrated for 10 years through various sports events and started today with the Kynjatbol and Mawpoiñ events for the women.
Julius has been accused of raping a young girl at Marvelynn Inn, Shillong.
He said that the party will contest from all constituencies against the BJP candidates. At the meeting, Aminul Islam said that he does not have any He said that the Congress party in Assam has alleged that the AIUDF has been involved in cross voting in the state. Rajya Sabha elections of Assam.
The UDP, which won only six seats in 2018 (and later eight seats), has won three ministers and one Speaker seat.
Speaking at the meeting, Sangma said Meghalaya is a small state with only 3.3 million inhabitants and is famous for its heavy rainfall. in the world.
This was achieved after beating Ïalong FC 2-1 in the quarter final match played at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai on Thursday.
Shillong: The violence against the Khasi community has increased in the past few days and such an incident happened on Sunday, 29th July 2021, when a group of young children were sitting in the area. The incident happened in the Polo area of ​​Mawprem village.
Shillong, July 11 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday questioned the inability of the MUA Government led by Dr Mukul Sangma to do anything about the unemployment of youth in the state. Conrad said that the AITC jersey will make the youth unemployed or the people the same players. Conrad criticized this on the recent promise of the All India Trinamool Congress ( AITC) to employ more than 3 lakh unemployed youth if elected to power after the upcoming elections.
Speaking on the occasion, Sunmoon Marak, TMC candidate from Jirang Constituency, said that Jirang needs change and the people should understand that the MDA government has not turned its back on Jirang. These areas have also witnessed that the people of the border areas have to come out from time to time to protest against the transfer of many villages to Assam.
Shillong, November 01: The National Council of YMCAs of India through the Youth Department has conducted a leadership training at the Shillong YMCA recently.
Thus, the desire quickly reaches the khwan and the excessive khwan leads to the rhah.
The program was attended by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh. Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh, Additional Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah A.Nongbri, Superintendent of Police, Bah MB Syiem, Assistant Director of the Directorate of Arts and Culture, Kong D.Kharjana, u Chief of Nongkhlaw Hima, Bah KM Syiemlieh, members of the Syiemlieh Kur, Sordar of Nongkhlaw, Bah Clement Dkhar, school children and residents of Nongkhlaw.
Shillong: Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Circle on Tuesday led by Asst Vice President Jem Bis Khongiong and Sport Secretary Samla Bonanza Shylla on Tuesday visited the National Highway Amlarem. Jowai and found that from Lad Mawphlang to Wah Myntdu the road is no longer suitable for parking vehicles, due to the excessive deterioration and small size which makes it difficult for vehicles to pass each other and it also causes all kinds of harm and injury.
We blame all the suffering as a state for the politicians.
In a meeting between the Branch Manager of MRB Umden Branch and the RBYF leaders, including Bah Shanbor Trang, President and Bah Phondar Syiem Secretary, it was said that the reason for the failure of the bank is The reason for the shortage of staff inside the bank has caused problems to the people when they intend to deposit or withdraw money.
NCP MLA Saleng Sangma said the government should be vigilant and not blindly accept foreign schemes lest it cause problems in the future. Send money to Langpih to Nepalis.
Shillong: The Federation of Adhoc School Teachers (FASTOM) today under the leadership of Samla Mayborn Lyngdoh, decided to continue to stay. at the Additional Secretariat.
This public hearing is part of the plant's plan to increase its dewbilat production from 2,600 TPD (0.858) to 4,500 TPD (1.485) with a 10 MW Captive Power Plant and a 9.5 MW Waste Heat Recovery System. (WHRS).
All these graduates will be joined by MSSDS under Skill Meghalaya to receive training according to the rules.
At this meeting, Dr. Sylvanus Lamare, Principal, St. Edmund's College, told and recalled about Prof. Evanton W. Reade Syiem.
What is the reason for this? The locals charge half the price. The tollgate at Pahammawlein, Ri Bhoi, does the same.
Rijiju arrived in the city to attend the opening of the Cooperative Submit on the Development of the North East in Shillong.
Her daughter has fled the village in fear and now lives with her brother in Shillong.
The ceremony in Muthlong started on the 2nd of this month and will end on the 5th at the Seiñraij Muthlong Hall.
It is learned that such a Common Platform for the candidates was launched by the Dorbar Shnong Khimusniang and was held for one day so that it will not affect the village and to avoid any unrest inside the village. .
“However, during the five days of the meeting, we told them that we can extend the hours by 2-3 hours if necessary.
At this meeting, the Adviser and Spokesperson, Chairman of the Federation of Khasi States, handed over a letter written jointly between Bah.
However, they need to fight hard in the second half to ensure that they reach the final.
The abductee was identified as Debabrata Deb and was abducted from his residence at 7:15 pm on Saturday.
According to information sent to the media, after the meeting, there will be a discussion with the media on the resignation of Bah DD Lapang.
There are 19 recoveries from the disease today, including two civilians in East Khasi Hills, one civilian in West Garo Hills, nine soldiers in Ribhoi District and one civilian. , one civilian in West Jaintia Hills, four BSF personnel and one civilian in East Khasi Hills.
The anonymous girl has been in love with a young man from the United Kingdom named Christopher Dominic and in this close friendship, in their conversation with him. A young woman from the UK said that he had sent a parcel in her name through Worldwide Express. To get the parcel, she had deposited T.1,81,900; Shillong, Nailar 3: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has lodged a complaint with the Laitumkhrah Police Station. The kidnapping of the son of a rich man as alleged by the police and as reported in the media was not done by the party or its supporters. In a statement, the Publicity Secretary of the HNLC, Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, said that the HNLC has investigated thoroughly into the incident and the HNLC has nothing to do with the HNLC. found that the police had not revealed the name of the alleged kidnapper or the name of his father , “Why are the police afraid to reveal their name? Why are you afraid of the HNLC? Why do you think that the Council is not responsible?” said the statement.
“I am still planning to recover in time and think about my decision for the final fight.
The Aspirational District program has changed the lives of about 25 crore people in 112 districts, he said.
The reception was attended by Isawanda Laloo (IAS), Director of Sorts and Youth Affairs. Kharshiing, MFA President and Secretary Hamletson Dohling, Sunesh Syiem and MFA Executive Members. such as Ailad Kynta and Phrangki Buam.
The program was conducted by Samla Lamjingshai Maring, Program Coordinator of World Vision India Ri Bhoi ADP. The program was led by World Vision India Ri Bhoi ADP. The program was led by Bah Paul Wahlang, District Child Protection Officer, Ri Bhoi District. Anjan Sangma, Project Officer, World Vision India Ri Bhoi ADP, Bah P. Mukhim, Rangbah Shnong Kyrdem and others were also present. others are old.
Even if they are given time, they can still ask for time to fulfill their duty.
John Kharshiing, spokesperson of FKS etc. has worked hard to implement the Stand Still Agreement together with Sirdar Mawdon, Syiems Maharram, Nongkhlaw, Bhowal, Lyngdoh Mawphlang, Sohiong. and others too long to list here.
One of the volunteer Home Guard ML/HGV Princia S Sangma.
All these show that they are selfish without wanting to ask for the good.
Bindo said the executive committee of KHADC has sent the bill to the committee. The non-official members of the committee are Teinwell. Dkhar, MDC, Lamphrang Blah MDC, Macmilan Byrsat MLA, Robertjune Kharjahrin Legal Advisor and others.
Nongpoh: The Village Leaders of Mawhati Area in Ri Bhoi District under the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Mawhati Area, have expressed their full support to the decision taken by the FKJGP, Mawhati Circle, which demanded from the government. The C&RD Block should be introduced in Mawhati Constituency.
He said the matter would be taken up with Defense Minister Sushil Kumar Shinde and Opposition Leader Sushma Swaraj.
Any implementation of the UCC in these communities not only affects their rights but also deprives them of the uniqueness that they have inherited from one generation to another,” he added. .
At this meeting, the people did not hear the sound of the tynghung well because it was too low and too loud.
“We would also like to thank the teachers who are coaches, teachers in schools and all those who encourage us to participate in this competition”, said Indahun Iawphniaw and Lumjingsuk Iawphniaw. The encouragement of our parents is also one of the most important parts of our lives to grow in our careers.
The KSU's protest is also to demand evidence from the police and to prove that these two persons who have been arrested are the ones who killed the two foreigners.
ASHA workers want to raise public awareness and provide information on the needs for good health, such as nutrition, hygiene and sanitation.
In another incident, a man named Gotam Pradhan escaped when robbers set fire to his house in Saiden Umlaper. about three kilometers from Nongpoh.
What has she done in all these 5 years? It's too late to hold those kinds of festivals just to get pla! Where do we work in the State? Unemployed youths are scattered around the country but jobs in various offices are available in thousands but this government does not employ many youths looking for jobs and why does it focus too much on contract jobs or doing business in departments? Do you have a contract with the Minister? This government is using small schemes to deceive and deceive the people as the elections are approaching! The Legislature shall be appointed by the Assembly or the Secretariat of the State.
RD Siangshai and the President of JSM Wapung Unit, Samla Eiladmiki Dkhar, expressed their concern over the poor condition of the SSA and LP Schools in Kongong-Wapung Shnong. Students as well as teachers have to face more difficulties during the rainy season, the lack of karma classes and many other shortcomings in the school.
This is one where children will have a sense of closeness to caregivers.
The appointed candidates are: (i) Barrister Khongrymmai, SJ, (2) Donbosco Kharmawlong, SDS; Khongngain, SDB, (6) Primus Syiem Khongjoh, SDB, (8) Richard Louis Rapthap, SDB, (9) Richard Louis Rapthap, SDS.U Modi and only Modi who truly loves his own people of India – not like the leaders of the Hynniewtrep people who promote and uplift other people and who hate and condemn their own leaders or The Hynniew-Trep leaders are ready to sell their country and nation for their own selfish gain.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the leaders of the Synjuk Nongsynshar Shnong of Lai Lyngdoh area by telephone said that they accept the public hearing, in order to get a fair judgment whether the people accept or reject the road. lines that came through the central government.
Earlier, Minister of Revenue and Disaster Management Kyrmen Shylla in his reply said that it is clear that the Government when conducting transfer, mutation, mortgage, will and others, always acts according to the rules. the provisions of the Meghalaya Land Regulation Act, 1971 (Act 1 of 1972) and the Meghalaya Land Regulation Rules,
Nithyananda reportedly bought the island of Ecuador in Central Latin America and declared it an independent country.
Similarly, the god Surya, who rides in a chariot with seven celestial horses, is related to the god Helios, who rides in a chariot in the sky.
He is another suspect in this incident,” said SP East Khasi Hills Rituraj Ravi.
If you think carefully, the UDP has forgotten about Bah Paul.
NESO urges the Prime Minister not to say anything, otherwise the Central Government has a purpose behind this silence,” said the NESO leaders. NESO has announced that it will hold this rally to appeal to all to stop the bloodshed so that peace and stability can return to Manipur.
There are 959 cases of COVID-19 in the state, 330 cases in East Khasi Hills including 25 cases from Armed Forces and 305 cases from civilians. cases in South West Khasi Hills, 257 cases in Ri Bhoi district including 5 cases in Armed Forces and 252 cases in civilians, 87 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 39 cases in East Jaintia Hills. , 140 cases including 21 Armed Forces and 119 civilians, 8 cases in South Garo Hills, 11 cases in South Garo Hills and 119 cases in East Garo Hills. 54 cases and 16 cases in North Garo Hills district.
When asked how much damage was caused in the incident, Bah Syiemlieh said he does not know how much damage was caused.
Speaking to reporters, Titossterwell said that during the meeting, the prime minister promised to release the salaries of the employees within 10 months.
Speaking to media, Sangma said a decision was taken at the first meeting of the Cabinet to approve the repeal of the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act
Principal of St. Joseph Higher Secondary School Nongkasen, Fr John Albert Ryntathiang, Mesalin Lyngdoh Mawlot, Sylvester Mawleiñ Wahlang and other teachers of the school were present on the occasion. including the students of St. Joseph Higher Secondary School Nongkasen.
Another problem is that there are no shops or shops for tourists in this area.
If we don't decide to take care of the water sources, the rural villages will suffer.
In Christianity, if a person marries a member of another church group, he or she is considered a religious leader.
Shillong: The party will contest in all four constituencies including Mawphlang, Mawryngkneng and Rajabala, on Tuesday.
It doesn't matter if you criticize or praise, you don't lose and you don't gain anything.
The District Level Inter-School Athletic Meet 2023 organized by the District Sports Officer (DSO) came to an end on Thursday at Resubelpara.
This song is very suitable for the youth of today.
On the same day, some students informed the school authorities that someone was carrying firearms inside the school and the school authorities immediately informed the police and the police received to prevent any untoward incident which may occur if these items are not removed from the child at that time.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, the two MPs promised to do their utmost to help the oldest hospital in Jaintia Hills.
On this occasion, the supporters of Bah Hamlet held a march from Barik to the office of the DC, Shillong.
The amendment of the reservation policy alone is not enough, but 1) strongly demand the immediate cancellation of the Interview Round of the MPSC. publish the answer keys of the various series on the website of the MPSC. 4) Request to display the cutoff of the various categories.
In its report, the EC through its CEM, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, said that the EC feels that the matter should be sent back to the relevant committee (headed by Bah HS Shylla). and to reconsider in the presence of legal experts if there is any conflict with the 6th Schedule.
We who live on the border sit quietly at night and don't want the night to come because of the darkness of who and where the people will go to cry and cry.
He said that they have demanded this residential school because the Dorbar Shnong of Khliehrangnah has allocated 20 acres of land.
When asked whether since the people have elected him as an independent candidate, whether there are any political parties that have urged him to join the party, he said there are many parties. Those who have come to him but he doesn't need it, because he is now in the government.
On the same day, the Deputy Commissioner (Excise) has ordered all the shops selling kyiad including kyiad pyrsi and kyiad phareng to close down their shops throughout the district.
“These troops opened fire from a nearby hill and the firing started at 12.30 pm and continued until 2.15 pm.
In addition, another Rs 59 lakh 69 thousand has been allocated by the state government through the state plan to complete the project for the construction of the pump and other infrastructure.
I will destroy the rulers and the deputies" Jeremiah 51:20-2
Ko the people, if you have anything to complain about, please ask the MDCs to listen and if they are not surprised at such a time; I'm cold and I'm cold at all times.
The Sein Raij once again congratulates all those who have organized a successful Behdeinkhlam and hope that this Behdeinkhlam will bring unity without discrimination of religion or ethnicity for peace and prosperity.
“I have spoken to the Minister of Railways that the money allocated to the state government, we will strive to manage this investment in any area that wants the railway line so that the money allocated “The Central Government will not stop,” he said.
In 2010, a man of God announced that on the 25th of October, a massive earthquake would occur which could damage houses, hills, rivers, roads, and he shall slay the beasts of the field, and the souls of many men.
The teachers were identified as Jinal Cheda, 40, and Bhakti Shah, 32, of Rhymes n Rumbles in Kandivali West. days for the purpose of investigation.
Pynshngain said that until now, the KHADC has not had clear records to show its sketch map.
:In the celebration of Republic Day, the District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District has declared a Dry Day on the 26th July 2024, which covers the entire area of ​​West Jaintia Hills District.
In the Girls Single U-19 category, Catheresa Lyngdoh won the title by defeating Gerymal Nongkhlaw.
We must understand that, what do we do to them? The Commission is deeply saddened by this insult to the children which is exactly like we have deprived them of their right to education,” said Kong Syiem.
He said that the State Legislative Assembly cannot pass the Act on its own if Parliament does not approve and amend the Constitution.
Through these provisions of the NEP, it is clear that there is no requirement to make Hindi a Compulsory Subject.
Therefore, this Policy of 1972 should be amended and the figure should be calculated on the basis of the first paragraph of the same Policy.
Regarding the Cultural Centre, it is understood that the purpose of building such a training center is to preserve the heritage of the ancients, which as the ancestors have been able to accept.
Mawsynram MLA Ollan Singh Suin said that Mawsynram Constituency has been neglected in recent years in terms of development works and many villages have not yet reached the road.
The Ebola virus is stronger than the above two as it has infected more than 28,000 people in the country and killed more than 11,000 of them.
There are rumors that from Shillong, the party will contest against Bah AL Hek, MLA of Pynthorumkhrah, while from Tura, it is understood that they will not nominate a candidate. It is only a rumor, as no clear news has come out from the leaders of the party in Shillong.
However, besides these, there were other invited guests who could not arrive on time and they were still coming later and they were also welcomed. and he brought them to the place where the other lyndans lived.
The nurses also expressed their concern about the lack of staff nurses, and now there are staff who have tested positive at the PHC and have to stay at home. It is difficult to meet the needs of the people due to the lack of staff and they have to go every day to other villages to test hight risk contacts.
From 1939 to 1945 AD, Adolf Hitler massacred 6 million Jews.
“The Federation welcomes and thanks the Government and the Ministry of Education (on the increase in the salaries of Secondary School Teachers),” said the statement. Deficit Pattern which has been a demand since
Prefix: A prefix has several ways to replace the original word with another one that is similar or different.
The NEP, as it came from a democratic country, has been attended by young people to explain and explain to the public. (competition) and all the tasks to be completed.
However, the NOC was issued to the land owners according to the sales documents and not by the office.
“The closure of traffic beyond the Umïam Bridge will be only during the installation and replacement of bearings and this will take about 3 to 7 hours.
Fruit must come forth and truths must be revealed.
Dr. R. Laloo said that although there are Blocks and Health Centers in West Khasi Hills District, which have reached 95% vaccination coverage, there are still many other Blocks and Health Centres. West Khasi Hills, District, has the highest number of vaccinators who have not completed the full dose of Measles Rubella vaccine.
Meghalaya team: Akash Kumar Choudhary, Anish Charak, Bamanbha Shangpliang, Dippu Ch Sangma, Jaskirat Singh Sachdeva, Kishan Lyngdoh, Lerry G Sangma, Lakhan Singh, Md Nafees Siddique, Raj Biswa, Sanvert Kurkalang, Swarjeet Vermas, Nakul Das , Rajesh Bishnoi, Tanmay Mishra Standbys: Yogesh Tiwari, Wilco Marak, Robert Sangma, Arbin Singh, Rounak NongrumSupport staff: Goutam Shome (head coach), Moisten Ch Marak (assistant coach), Surojit Biswas (physio), Vikash Singh Chauhan (trainer ), OL Warjri (manager)Meghalaya's match schedule: vs Vidarbha, 23 November vs Chhattisgarh, 25 November vs Jharkhand, 27 November vs Maharashtra, 29 November vs Services, 1 November vs Manipur, 3 November, 5 November vs Hydera
“It has nothing to do with other political parties.
"Yes, ask," said Ali.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 25: The Voice of the People's Party (VPP) today visited Langpih to hold a public awareness meeting on the party's principles.
Shillong: One person has died of COVID-19 in the state today, bringing the total number of deaths from COVID-19 to
Samla Bristar Mawthoh General Secretary gave a keynote address on the benefits of such Free Eye Camps and Ai Kam Programs through Skill Training. Seng Young Pommura.
“The Ministry of Home Affairs has withdrawn the MRSSA bill sent to the Assembly and we will hold a meeting next month to discuss the key issues put forward by the MHA,” he said. and Tynsong.
Speaking to media on Friday, Conrad K Sangma said, “The work has progressed and we have gone according to the right path, so we will see when we get Any information from the relevant department, we will take a decision regarding the setting of dates and others.
In the world, it used to be the custom that when there was a need, everyone came together and when there was no need, everyone turned away.
Israel has responded to the attack by strongly sanctioning Iran, the report said.
Russia has issued a warning that US President Joe Biden has threatened a nuclear war between the two countries just because of Ukraine.
When asked whether there have been any complaints against Assam, Kyrmen Shylla said, “I have never received such complaints.
As a patriot, he was named after Nathuram.
These two men were the sons of Bah Khonglam.
But why did the Modi government send a governor to Meghalaya who doesn't even know how to read English? The central government knows that the people here do not understand Hindi.
In the men's category, it was also the first victory for another star of the country, HS Prannoy, who also appeared in the tournament after winning. Kenta Nishimoto of Japan won 21-16 21-1
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Allan Sun Marbaniang said that he is very happy to have been able to take part in this tournament and to win a medal which is a great joy for him and the state as a whole. He will also take part in a tournament in Gwalior in preparation for the World Arm Wrestling Championship to be held in Gwalior. in Turkey in April.
The Raid leaders said that this year there were only about 40 households of such refugees who came to stay temporarily without the permission of the Hima, but now in this Refugee Colony near Amdubighat Village. Another newly established village is Panbari village where there are 15 households who have illegally settled without permission from the Shnong, the Raid, the Hima and even the District Council.
Before reaching the main part, Sonstar Nongkhlaw, Assistant Finance Secretary, KSU Sengkmie, said, “To join the KSU, you should not join by being forced or following friends, but To enter as a member of the nation, one must enter with a strong will because the spirit of patriotism does not depend on one's friends, it depends on one's own spirit.
Every resident has the right to express their grievances, but while the police department is conducting an investigation into this incident, such allegations against the KSU are unacceptable and This will cause misunderstanding among the residents of the state,” he said.
Rangbah Shnongs, Market Committees and CCMTs should ensure that people follow the rules and regulations.
He said that the Dulir received by the Xerox shows that the KHADC has already paid T.35,25,039 and the area of ​​the land is 11,750.13 feet.
The CAG report shows that there are 7,49,820 beneficiaries of the scheme who have registered on one mobile number – DAYS).
Shillong: There have been 73 new cases of coronavirus in the state today.
India and Saudi Arabia signed a Memorandum of Understanding in Riyadh on March 8, 2023 on the integration of electricity, green hydrogen and clean hydrogen as well as supply chains.
SGH used eight bowlers with Anup Saha (3/18) and Sundaybirth Sangma (3/44) taking three wickets each.
Ardent said it is up to the people to ask the state government whether it really wants to implement ILP in Meghalaya and it is up to the people to warn the government and any party. who have been fighting for this issue which the people have been waiting for for many years.
By Phillip Ramirez writes People of the Margin Across Ethnic Boundaries in North East India.
“There is a fine for violators, for ticket shops they will be fined 50,000 rupees plus three months imprisonment if arrested and taken to court, and if they apologize they will pay 5000 tyngka. .
He said that such slander against the village has happened in the past months which has led to clashes between the different ethnic groups in the area until there is no peace and order.
Through this decision, the MCLR or marginal cost based lending rates will be reduced to 8.25 per cent from 8.40 per cent per annum.
Speaking to this reporter, the elders of the area said that there are many posts in the area which have almost collapsed and which have been destroyed, just because there are signs that have been posted on the road. but these signs cannot be held if the wind blows.
“If there is a demand to bring the Winter Capital to the east, bring the Spring Capital here, bring the Summer Capital elsewhere, all this will go wrong,” she said. Different districts, and if each district demands to give us that, give us that, it will be difficult for the Government to run its affairs.
Speaking at the briefing, Bah PT Sawkmie announced that he will soon donate two more horns, so that they can use them in their services.
After the meeting at the Addl.Secretariat, it was seen that the police turned forward to talk to the leaders of these organizations and stopped them from returning to the place where they had parked their vehicles. in the form of a Rally but they were ordered to leave the area.
In the U-17 men's category, West Khasi Hills will play against East Khasi Hills, South West Garo Hills will play against East Jaintia Hills. In the U-17 girls category, the semifinals will be between West Khasi Hills and Ri-Bhoi District. East Khasi Hills will play against West Jaintia Hills, and these two matches will be played at Madan Heh Stadium, Mawlai at 9:00 AM and 11:00 AM. In the U-14 boys category, the match between KB Memorial Sec School and KB Memorial Sec School ended in the first leg of the U-14 boys' category. HK Sing Sec School beat West Garo Hills St. John's Sec School 11-1 in the second leg of the match. He scored 5 goals in the 8th, 16th, 37th, 47th and 65th minutes.
The body of the deceased was taken to his residence in Umpling for post-mortem. you hand.
In the second division, Imson beat Rising 3-1
It reminds us of the Khasi duties and dates which have become blood and flesh with the Khasi people at a real price.
But he did not come back until it was dark, so they went and called out, but there was no sign.
This is also the time when many groups will come out to seek information through RTI on the working methods of this MLA in the past years and if the answer they receive is satisfactory it may help that MLA. but if it is not so, it will be a matter of questioning and clarification.
He should send a legal notice to the Prime Minister,” he said.
The second audition will be held on the 4th of November at the Dorbar Hall.
On the other hand, the VC promised to consider the demand of NEHUSU and will take a decision within three days on the demand to dismiss him.
The village is also the AEC which covers nine villages in the area including Tynghor, Domjarian, Umthlong, Mawthawkrah, Nongthymmai, Nong Khin and Mawmareh.
And this desire of us to be slaves, one day will destroy us because there is no place for us to live in this country because we have lost our ownership of this country and we can no longer own it. eighth.
The program was attended by TBn SS Majaw, Mr. JR Khongjee, Executive Secretary of the World Mission and Rev. DL Syiemlieh.
Shillong: The Office of the Chief Electoral Officer, Meghalaya in collaboration with the District Sports Officer, Shillong, as part of the celebration of National Voters' Day The National Voters' Day Run 2020 will be held on the 25th July, 2020 which started from the gate of the Meghalaya Scouts & Guides Headquarters, Shillong from 7.00 pm and ended at the same venue. It is 11.30 KM for men and women and 1.90 KM for wheelchair users.
The National Democratic Alliance (NDA) Government in Delhi has sent a letter to the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) Government in Delhi even after three years since the Legislative Assembly sent it. Resolution to the Government of India but the Government has not yet taken any decision on whether to approve the implementation of this Act in Meghalaya.
The exercise demonstrated the rescue operations such as rescue of people stranded in homes, schools, search and rescue of injured and dead and First Aid and transportation of the injured to the Medical Camp and Mawkyrwat Civil Hospitals.
The Government has to see how the recruitment of new jobs should be stopped and the people who are abroad should come back to their home state.
The HNLC said that according to the report of the judicial inquiry headed by Justice (Retired) T Vaiphei, Cherishterfield Thangkhiew and Sanbor Pala were the same persons.
A short speech was also delivered by the Founder of Sorjah Entertainment West Khasi Hills Nongnah, Bah Anthony Syiem who urged the youth to use their talents properly. He also revealed that many of the drama and programs have been sponsored by the members of Sorjah Entertainment without any support.
The need is especially great if there is a traffic jam from Assam Oil Petrol Pump to Upper New Nongstoin, or if there is a traffic jam from Spengthaw-langmlah to New Nongstoin.
However, later, the kidnappers demanded T.1 lakh from the family members to release the child.
The death toll in China has risen to 3,331 and the number of infections to 81,740, the National Health Commission (NHC) said today.
Regarding this incident, Justice Paul Lyngdoh, Education Secretary, KSU Jaintia Hills District, who is also the owner of the village, has condemned the government for its failure. The fire brigade has been unable to provide assistance to the victims due to the distance of the fire trucks and while waiting for the fire trucks from Saphai Outpost or Jowai, the fire has destroyed all the belongings.
Nongpoh: Residents of many villages in Bynihat, Jorabat, Khanapara, Pillangkata and Umtyrnga, have been affected by the power outage, which started on Friday morning and until today they have not received electricity.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Jasvantsinh Bhabhor, on Tuesday expressed his satisfaction with the implementation of central government schemes in the state by the government led by the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Bhabhor. Try.
Women are forced into a life of hardship, sickness, and suffering, because of the uncontrollable desires of men who hold the title of “husband”—rather than call them “animals.
Before the closing ceremony of the 100th Anniversary of Sohphoh Church, at 10 pm, a Eucharistic Mass was celebrated by Father Gerald Khongji, Rector of Christ King's King College. In the presence of the Rev. Leo Khrawbor Parish Priest of Umsohlait Parish, Rev. Edward Sten and other Priests.
Samla Kharmawphlang said that the Sengbhalang has already prepared for the protests, which they have not announced in advance, but they said that it can be in any form. “We have already prepared for strong protests to force the government to implement the ILP. “We have already prepared for strong protests after the examination. The more we intensify the protests, because this is the struggle of the indigenous people to free themselves from slavery and oppression by foreigners.
Samla Aibor Shadap expressed his gratitude that they have been able to help the poor families with blankets so that they can cover themselves during this rainy season and how the family wants to celebrate this Christmas. and poor and middle-class families.
On Shilong-Dawki road, the road was cut off above Siatbakon and a vehicle was stopped at the scene of the incident. They and the police helped them to reach their examination centres.
Therefore, the union urges the Minister to take the necessary measures so that these officers cannot have close contact with any people of the area.
East Khasi Hills has 145 active cases, West Garo Hills 54, Ri Bhoi 26, West Jaintia Hills 36, South West Garo Hills 14, South West Khasi Hills 7, Eastern West Khasi Hills 11 and North Garo Hills , South Garo Hills 5, East Jaintia Hills 12, West Khasi Hills 11 and East Garo Hills
“Although the Government has admitted that the State has more than 75% forest area, it would be pleased to confirm whether there has been a recent survey on this issue and the report to be brought before the House. judge" he said.
The Prohibition of Child Marriage Act, 2006, is one of the laws that has brought about the protection of the rights of children, which can be violated in Hindu culture.
They want to retire and surrender, otherwise there is no way to peace because the party has received the power of the government.
Speaking to reporters, Pohshna said that there are only 75 households who are against the price of payment of this money and together with the whole village they have The approval of this fee is for the purpose of running the village school which falls under the Higher Secondary School where many of the children from this area do not They can continue their education in these schools in the village.
In the women's category, Gracynylla Marbaniang (48kg), Shreena Thapa (50kg), Tricia Lamare (54kg) and Riteeka Sarki (57kg) won the bronze medals.
Upper Bagan, Byrnihat is located near Wah Umtrew opposite the factories in Narbong and it was found that many factories in the area have closed down, but the smoke from other factories has caused damage. still working in the surrounding villages.
There are many blind children in China and almost half of the population, under the age of 18, are blind and high school students are also affected. mood.
Former Minister of State in charge of Rural Development, Bah Hamlet Dohling said that Mylliem Block will receive up to 1855 poor households through the National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme.
He also urged Minot to work hard in any job because now there is competition in all kinds of jobs.
One thing that impresses me is that in our State, we have many herbalists, infectious disease doctors, dentists, rheumatologists and firefighters.
The 32-year-old from Delhi has made 38 first-class appearances, 54 one-day appearances and 43 T20s appearances.
After the trial, Ram Dhar was charged with murder under Section 302 IPC and sentenced to life imprisonment and a fine of T.5000/-.
Before 2014, there was only one national waterway in the area.
It can be said that Bah Sumar is one of the oldest, most prolific and prolific journalists among the Khasi.
“And when he was come near, he beheld the city, and wept over it...” (Luke 19:41).
They scored 71 runs and Mukesh Ray 46 runs while Meghalaya scored 219 runs.
Although Goa didn't manage to score in this match, it was enough for the team to continue their unbeaten journey.
On the other hand, Bah S Mawlong Ranger of the Forest Department said that the school will receive about 1000 tree seedlings to plant around the school for the purpose of beauty and a clean environment. student of the school.
The Supreme Court of Sports in Italy, the Sports Guarantee Board, has reinstated the 15 penalties brought by the FIGC at the request of the court and sent the incident. or a case for a new trial against the club.
We apologize to the doctor and the people,” he said on Instagram.
The purpose of this is to encourage us to make decisions that we can achieve in our lives, not to expect great miracles that we cannot do.
Besides Ronan Keating, the festival will also feature musicians from around the world including Pink Panda, Jonas Blue, Hybrid Theory and Kenny Musk.
They said that in view of these incidents which have happened more and more in the village, the village will not hesitate to take more difficult measures for the sake of peace and order in the village.
The allocation for this is T.45.7 crore per annum.
Four MDCs of the PDF will resign from the party today. These four MDCs are James Sylliang MDC Mawhati, Latiplang Kharkongor MDC Nongthymmai, u Blanding Warjri MDC from Mawthadraishan and Grace Mary Kharpuri MDC from Nongshken.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sadon said that the Government is committed to the demand of the party to drop the cases, and added that if the cases cannot be dropped, there is no point in bringing the leaders of the party. He said that the HNLC leaders who came to the peace talks were recognized and authorized by the CEC of the party, and were old and senior members of the party who could. He also criticized the Government for not bringing in those leaders who don't know if they want to see them.
The India Meteorological Department, Shillong, has warned that heavy rainfall is expected in the state tomorrow. pyrthat, in many parts of the state.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, VPP President Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit said that the party has a firm belief from the very beginning that the candidates nominated by the party will win the election. The ECI has not appointed Prah as the common symbol of the party.
Swell decided to leave his job and return home. At that time, an announcement came out that Euthiopia in Africa needed teachers. subject English, Mr. Swell applied and got a job and has been in Euthiopia, Africa for about three years.
“The own ministers are not happy with the way the BJP works and many of them have resigned recently.
He also urged the State Government to provide assistance to the family.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that today they also discussed the issue of conducting the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of Independence.
TRH in Assam (from 26.01.1950 to 20.01.1972) The reluctance of the Khasi States to be in Assam has been a source of concern for the children of Hynniewtrep, and the signs of it appear in another country. On 27.06.1952, the students, after careful consideration, decided to hold a Black Flag Demonstration.
One of the themes of the event is the release of a comic book in different languages.
For more information and to register, please call +9
The EAC has summoned 10 persons, but there are about 30 persons who have not received the ration who have come to answer before the EAC to tell the truth about the loss of ration by the distributor. Alfred Tree.
This protest will not be like in previous years when they used to hold mass marches to express their demands from the Government.
:The new Khasi song, titled “Da Slem Ki Por”, has been released on the 23rd June 2023 at Khliehriat.
However, there will always be something wrong and for that reason they will withdraw from the discussion otherwise why should they withdraw because everyone wants peace because who doesn't want to live in peace everyone wants it”.
Lord Acton argued that power destroys and power that is strong without anyone else will destroy.
Regarding this allegation, they said how can he dare to say such a thing against the party of Bah Mangkara Pathaw, because even in the MLA election 2018, the party UDP Sengkmie, has given to Bah Mangkara. They said that although they have not reached their goal, they are working as the office bearers of the UDP, but the reason why they came out and The UDP has decided to dissolve the party in Umroi Circle, after they could not accept the decision of the UDP to give ticket to Bah FD Ramsiej as the MDC candidate. against the UDP in the last MLA elections.
JOWAI: The Sub Divisional Officer of MeECL (Electrical Division) on Tuesday informed the public that due to the fault of the 500 KVA transformer of MeECL at Urkhla, the PHE will not be able to distribute drinking water in the next few days until the department repairs the damage. MeECL will repair the transformer to supply electricity to the water tanks.
Now, the Lamphang has explained that there will be a round house with a stronger weight.
The procession started in front of the cathedral and ended at Calvary with the blessing of the Holy Sacrament by the hands of the Cardinal.
Therefore, the strike will continue until the demand and the decision of the Government and the relevant department is met.
The awards will be presented at a function to be held in Jaipur this month.
kren-shi-kren: you can't speak the same language.
Tangsong said that in fact it was other non-Khasis from Lyngkhat who were entitled to claim their names because they had been living there for a long time since their ancestors. He said that it was the wish of these eight people who have just arrived for a while, under the leadership of Mintu Gauri.
Avoid feeding well-cooked foods and junk foods throughout the day, especially before bedtime.
At parties: When you are invited to a party, the first thing that comes to mind is the dress code.
Furthermore, as far as possible, shopkeepers should use leaves and paper bags to serve food or sha to customers and should not use plastic plates or bags.
He urged them to come forward and cooperate without any fear as fear is like a stumbling block in economic development.
On the other hand, the HSPDP has already expressed its disagreement and it is up to the Prime Minister to take a decision”.
In another development, the JNV has informed the CEM of JHADC and his EC to immediately expel PK Deb, who works as the Account Officer of JHADC. The Finance and Account Department of JHADC, which has been working since 1st March 2016, has been working since 1st March 2016. The Seng has asked the CEM, “Why has a foreigner been allowed to work within the Department of JHADC? Why don't you advertise this post? Why not allow our people to do this work? The Secretary JHADC said that there are no people who can work in the post of Account Officer.
Besides the shopkeepers, the income of the taxi drivers, who used to stand in front of the hospital to wait for passengers and to drop off those who are leaving the hospital, has also been affected. There are no taxis standing in line anymore and they said that it is useless to stand in line because there are no people anymore.
The government had decided to allow reopening of religious places and places of worship from August 16.
She said that the drug problem among the youth has increased in the state, and in this regard all groups in the society should work together to ensure that the youth get get rid of these harmful substances and bring them back to the right and healthy path.
Ki tienbsut in the structure of the Khasi language refers to words that are spoken in such a way as to differ from what has been said before as conjunctions or bsut between words, such as -ly-, -la-, - pa-, -na-, -re-, -shi- and examples can be given as follows: bak-ly-bak : which is too much difference.
The death toll from the coronavirus in India has risen to 10 so far and the number of cases in Maharashtra has risen to
(John 19:26) (ii) The Roman soldiers did not know why the people brought Jesus to be crucified.
What comes out of this is that there is no transparency, there is no honesty but only corruption one after another around the world.
On June 24, the district court handed over the two arrested KSU members to police custody for 19 days for further investigation. head police.
It is our hope and peace of mind that we will proclaim and remember with love and respect the works he has done so that the treasures he has laid will produce fruits that build up the Church and the country and the nation.
On the other hand, Chuba Ao said that Rikman has been with the BJP since he joined the BJP. you shall not change, not for any reason.
And he said unto me, These are they which came out of great tribulation, and have washed their robes, and made them white.
The exhortation and teaching is:1) Let us believe the Word of the Lord which we have heard.2) Let us think and ask equally about the things which pertain to the Kingdom of God, which are heavenly.3 Let us know and know Jesus personally, Who He is.4) Let us put all our faith and trust in the Lord.
Besides, 14 children under the age of 14 have not received the benefits provided by the government. they were destroyed.
At the same time, we see the return of Indians who are abroad.
Shillong: The Seng Khasi Kmie, in a statement issued by Rangbah KL Mawlong, Secretary, Shillong, has informed all the members of the Lum Jingthang Committee, that the cleanliness of the Lum Jingthang Committee has been completed. Seng Khasi, Jaiaw, Shillong, which was scheduled to be held on the 26th June 2020, has been postponed.
Therefore, the last hope for the poor villager, or the day labourer, is at the Civil Hospital Shillong.
The Congress leader said the BJP cannot blame the NPP alone for the MDA government's failure to provide services to the people of Meghalaya as the BJP has played a role in the formation of the MDA government and Two BJP MLAs, Sanbor Shullai and AL Hek, have been appointed as Ministers.
Shillong, July 29: U Ronnie V Lyngdoh, MLA from Mylliem, has confirmed that he has applied for the party ticket for the Lok Sabha elections from the Shillong Parliamentary seat.
This public meeting has caused panic among many shopkeepers in the area, as all the nearby shops have been closed.
Friends, don't think that the microchip is the Devil or God.
The march took about 10 hours from Iewrynghep Square to Malki Square, but the whole march was calm by the members of the KSU and HYC, who walked along the road and They were carrying their flags along with these students from different schools, who were shouting without stopping.
On the other hand, the Seng has warned that if it finds that the office rooms are still empty, even when it is time for them to be in the office, it will take their names without counting anyone. and lodge a complaint with the relevant authorities.
Bindo said that the number of cases of covid-19 in the state is still very low compared to other states of India.
At the same time, while informing that the presence of drug users has been found in various parts of the society, the MLA said that if the war against drugs is to be won, the Government will have to take steps that will cover all aspects.
Compared to the size of Meghalaya and Israel, it is almost equal.
The commemoration was held at the Nativity Hall, Mawkyrwat where Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar MLA Mawkyrwat was the chief guest.
He said that after a thorough investigation, they found that the main reason is because the government has allowed one teacher to write examinations in training for two posts. for L.P and for U.P schools.
Mawshynrut: In Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division, Bah HK Thabah raised the tricolor flag and saluted the three parade groups including police and school children. .
We may be arrested and risa five years later because we did not take advantage of the present opportunity or we may be afraid to kill ourselves because we refused when the opportunity was before us.
In connection with the incident, it is believed that many terrorists were also injured during the clashes.
We believe that it is an illegal organization without the knowledge of the Dorbar Shnong and this news affects all the residents of Nongmensong.
Nobin said what is needed is to know the person in Dimapur to get the weapons and it is not difficult even the rocket can be obtained if you know and recognize the person in that place.
Shillong, June 11 : This year's Shad Suk Mynsiem has been very successful and for the first time since the COVID-19 pandemic, more than 1,000 dancers have reached the festival.
Therefore, the union has decided that if the government does not release the salary, it will not hesitate to sit on strike on the 5th of November, which is also a special day known as Teachers' Day.
The meeting was convened by the Chairman of JHADC, Ma Sankey Shangpung in accordance with the powers conferred on him to carry out the rules and regulations of the council.
In his speech, the Governor urged them to have a spirit of courage without fear of the truth and to have a purpose in life to win.
Genesis 391-9.
The gang was arrested on 6th November from Mawlai By Pass with the assistance of members of the Meghalaya Fresh Vegetable and Ginger Suppliers Association and the Khasi Jaintia Fresh Vegetable Suppliers Association.
The project is expected to create employment opportunities for 107 people per annum and also to create jobs for about 1,500 Eri farmers and about 730 farmers.
Because this soil needs more fertilizer and water.
When asked about the other crops besides synsar, the residents of the area are interested in cultivating sying, kwai, sohñiamtra and other crops. thaiñ that the land is rep kba that is not very large.
Police were on the other side of the YMCA and there was stone throwing and bomb throwing.
If the lockdown is lifted, it will be more successful than the U.S. The spread of Corona in India will be lifted inside the state and we will restrict the border area.
Lamphrang Kupar Lyngdoh Mawlong, who works at the office of the Meghalaya Transport Corporation (MTC), passed away today (25-1-2019) at his residence in Jaiaw Langsning, Shillong after a long illness.
The Constitution of India is not only a Constitution, but also a Social Treaty between the Government of India and the various organizations, groups and ethnic groups that make up the great India.
There was no anxiety and there was nothing wrong with the wind.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Tuesday held a sit-in at Malki Square to protest against the increase in petrol and diesel prices.
You should not stop taking medicine until your doctor tells you to.
This is for the Shillong seat.
Bah Kenneth Shadap, who came to accompany the group, said that since 2018, they have been writing to the government for this problem but they have not received any reply yet. .
He said that the construction of the Nongstoin District Jail has progressed rapidly and about 60 out of 100 percent has been completed.
Shillong, November 20 : The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) has tried to persuade women to use its scientific methods to provide 1000 tyngka per month scheme to women even after 100 days. Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie said that the people especially the women will not ignore the AITC because they want the development of the state.
K.Shah, Senior Technical Expert, explained about these issues.
The remarks came after the match against Chennaiyin FC, in which Vukomanovic's remarks came after the defeat due to wrong decisions by the referees.
According to sources, these jymphong-kti were worn and used by the rangapkol when he faced the turn of the tie-breaker in the final match of the tournament. against France and where his team won the trophy after scoring 4-2 goals, after 90 minutes and in the first half where The teams drew 3-3
AMEN.
“Until now, we have not received any information on this,” said the Chief Electoral Officer, Bah Frederick Kharkongor.
The Government will have to think many times when it talks about peace and development.
“If this doesn't happen, we will use other media.
On Tuesday, the KJBWA met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Legal Affairs, Bah Rowel Lyngdoh to remind them of their demand that the government should pass a law on the trade in cows. this state.
However, on this occasion, they left without any consultation, although there may have been no consequences for Danggo's departure.
Meghalaya scored 224 runs in the first innings and played well in the bowling department by losing all the wickets of Haryana and scoring only 126 runs.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 27: While the district authorities and police are busy during the election to ensure the smooth running of the election, the Fire Service Team of Star Cement Pvt Ltd. , Lumshnong East Jaintia Hills District, today rescued the driver and passenger of a truck which suddenly caught fire and extinguished the blaze. truck accident occurred at 8 p.m.
Those present on the occasion included Kong RM Kurbah, Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District, Tek Tamang, Branch Manager of ICICI Bank Limited Nongpoh, District Surveillance Officers and others.
The National People's Party (NPP) Leader, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, who is also the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, has said that the protest against MUDA in 2015 is just a drama. between Dr Mukul Sangma who was the Prime Minister at that time and Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit.
“There are still many questions to be answered after receiving the answers to these questions”.
If the election of new people is on the basis that they have the right working conditions, it is appropriate to remove the former MLAs, because we need to see a change in the working methods that will benefit them. to the people.
Ampareen Lyngdoh has spoken too much...she is trying to bury this job...if you want to fire those workers there first.
He shall not cease to eat, nor cease to shed his tiew, without our sying and without our shynrai.
The team from Meghalaya was led by Bah Angelus Sun, International Referee and Coach of Muaythai who is also the President of the Muay Thai Association of Meghalaya (MTAM).
Shillong: Seven political parties including the KSU, FKJGP, HNYF, RBYF, ADE, AYWO and GSU have staged a protest today. They have staged a protest at Madan Malki Shillong to demand that the Central Government should not implement the ILP in the state as it has been approved by the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
With this victory, France will now prepare to face Morocco in the semifinal on November 15 at 12:30 am.
Those who wish to destroy or fight against the return of the land taken by Assam to Meghalaya will be harassed and persecuted.
" (Quoted from a book by Donbok T.Laloo).
He said that this is in accordance with the order of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Union Government that people from 45 years of age and above should get this vaccine.
During this explanation and training, the farmers were explained and trained on how to increase their income through the use of modern technology in their crops including conversion to other varieties or more. improve the products of fruits, vegetables, vegetables, flowers and musli.
At the same time, the Union also reminded James PK Sangma who is also in charge of the Electricity Department of the State Government about the lack of electricity in Amdoh.
"Niakha replied to Rida.
Members of the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) will attend and monitor the progress of the mock exercise by the State, district officers and other groups.
Shillong: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) today demanded that the Meghalaya government should take into account the number of mynder who have returned to their villages in such a situation. for.
However, India, since 2020, has named Nijjar in several cases related to the militant group's attacks inside India.
However, both these Block have not yet been fully operational in all aspects.
Therefore, it is necessary to draw from the village languages ​​from all over the regions and villages in order to enrich the Khasi language and to include all the languages ​​in one central language.
The government will continue to talk to other companies to come and do business in the area. Regarding the airport, the minister said, “The government will continue to talk to the airport. and the Central Government to improve this and in terms of improvement they will continue to talk.
After many comments, the President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, has clarified that the support for the NPP-led Government is after the desire to form a Government without the NPP. Speaking to reporters on Monday, NPP and BJP have not succeeded due to the departure of three MLAs. Three MLAs including two HSPDP MLAs and one independent MLA have decided to support the NPP-led Government.” On that day, after seeing the decision of the people, we heard the voice that the UDP should lead in the formation of a new Government.
The Khasi Seng Kmie, which used to hold the climb on Lum Kyntang, Lum Sohpet Beng, is now considering to meet with the Minister in charge of Road Construction. Bah Prestone Tynsong, to get clarification on why this PMGSY road has not been painted yet.
Why didn't you have an X-Ray on your head as requested by Bah Marbaniang's mother?”, said Kong Agnes.
Thousands of youths of the Catholic Church from West and South West Khasi Hills attended the event.
Only after this, due to the heavy rain, the game had to be suspended.
There were also those who said that the Kyiad shop should be moved to Pahammardoloi, the village where the village leaders have agreed to have a Kyiad shop in the village. , that perhaps the parents in the village have accepted the Kyiad shop, without thinking about the future of the youth in the village.
Four residents and one Assam Forest Guard Policeman have lost their lives in the Mukroh area of ​​West Jaintia Hill District. violence by the Assam Police".
Vehicles intending to enter Iawmusiang from the Mission Compound road have been banned.
Because if you cover it with a tin during the hot sun inside the house, it stays dry and destroys the sweetness of the stalks of rice that have been tied round to plant the seeds.
To confirm the news, they said that there are also leaders of the RBYF who support Ngaitlang who will soon join the NPP and one of them is the General Secretary of the NPP. Augustus Sten was born in Umroi.
Police have registered a case and the investigation is ongoing.
“Wait until the party is formed, we want to understand each other because there is nothing better than this,” said Bah Nongsieh.
Shillong: It is surprising that our Khasi brothers and sisters in Assam have not received a Scheduled Tribe Certificate for five years. The Tribal Sangha, or the Bodo Association.
Khliehriat West YWSC beat Moolamanoh 3-1 in the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) on Friday.
Jowai, June 16: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, AL Hek today inaugurated the Multi-Purpose Facility Center at Lamin village under the Border Area Development Program at a cost of Tk. .32 lakh.
Even after the lack of salary for five months, the employees of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) continue to go to their jobs in the hope that soon or tomorrow they will be able to work. receive their salaries so that they can clear the debts they have had to take in order to survive.
He said that some leaders who had tried to set fire to the offices of the President in the district headquarters, but were arrested by the police, who had to release them. they threw lights to control the violence at that time.
He said that the Hima has been looking for some garbage dumps, but it is facing difficulties because they have not yet found a place to be farther away from the villages.
These three roads include the road from Lumshyiap Bellafonte to New Shillong Township in Umsawli via Mawpat at a cost of Rs 49 crore.
MEPA also urged the Assam police to respect the right of journalists to move freely according to their duties to gather news.
When inquired about the source of the ration, the farmers said that they received it from people who sell ration.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Paul Lyngdoh expressed his satisfaction with the construction of the Integrated Tourism Complex in Nongpoh and for the early completion of the construction, he promised to take action. The second installment of the tourism department has been decided to release the second installment so that the construction of the tourism department can be completed as soon as possible.
On the same day, it also inducted members of some of those who had left the NPP, BJP and UDP from the constituency.
(Dr.) BD Mishra (Retd.) who was the Chief Guest unfurled the flag of the country at Polo Ground, Shillong.
He said that the contest of the elections will not only cost a lot of money, but will also affect the political situation in the state.
The General Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong Chilliangraij, Orilan Shylla said that the decision was taken at the public meeting of the village held on November 30,
The total number of recoveries has risen to
The situation in Maharashtra has changed on Sunday after several MLAs from the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) led by Ajit Pawar joined the Shiv Sena-BJP government. and nine NCP MLAs have been sworn in as Ministers.
What has emerged from this announcement is the joy that has entered the minds of the students, parents and teachers, in which they have the hope that they will be able to do more. improvement of education after there is no longer any restriction on attendance at school and education as in the past years due to the outbreak of COVID-1
According to the letter, there will be no changes in the number of Assembly or Parliamentary constituencies in Assam.
By using these training methods in the classrooms, teachers as well as students are interested. 25% of the students who receive training through Meghshala's technology in classrooms in Meghalaya they achieved 60% and about 20% of the students achieved distinction (above 70%) in terms of knowledge and understanding, and ability to apply insights in answering questions.
Speaking to Rupang, the taxi driver in East Khasi Hills said that if it is no longer possible to ask the police about the misunderstanding, they will ask another one. “If it is true that Bah Marbaniang has touched the policeman,” said Bah Jyrwa.
The hearts of both Thei were stirred to look at Bah Malki.
“In such cases, we have to fulfill our duty with an empty stomach and there are times when we have to cry.
Mawkhar won the first division while Mawlai won the second division.
Those who loved the game were seen carrying the image of the game, dressed in white clothes and held a funeral service to honor the image of the game. They wrote and shouted “Winner winner, chicken dinner”.
Don't base your will on the statement, In love there is no religion, no custom, no custom, this is nonsense.
Today, a tea shop was burnt down and many other shops were destroyed in Badshahpur of Gurugram.
On the MLAs who will leave the AITC, he said, “We know who will leave the party although we don't take their names but we already know the step they will take, so we are prepared. There are other candidates instead of MLAs who have no intention of leaving the party, and these candidates whom we have chosen are the ones who are sure to win”.
Shillong, March 14 : The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the government will repeal the Meghalaya Gaming Act (MRGA) 2021 by an ordinance. approved by the Legislative Assembly of the State.
The suspect was arrested and charged in court.
However, India as a whole has only 1.6 million out of 251 million in the past four or five years.
If they start doing this, where else will the villagers go because many of the Sohra villagers have left the village and it will cause problems if others come back to the village with another purpose.
Sec.School (East Jaintia Hills) in the final after both the teams won their semi final matches on Friday.
The reason for Ashish's arrest is that he could not disclose his whereabouts from 2.36 pm to 3.30 pm on March 3, 2021, which was 10 days ago. .
“This means that the Lokayukta office has been fully operational with the appointment of full time officers who have been recruited from those who are still in service in the State Government,” said Bah Shangpliang.
Even Dasakhiatbha Lamare and his family, who often expressed their kindness to the poor and needy, knew that in the rule of law there were opportunities to benefit greatly.
Once again, the Lok Sabha Parliamentary Committee on the Welfare of SC & ST has issued a directive to the MHA to clarify on this issue. The Chief Executive Member, KHADC has sent a petition to the Chief Executive Member, KHADC to speak clearly and take a decision on the response to the IOA & AA to the State Government and the MHA. Speaking at length, Bah PN Syiem, CEM KHADC, agreed that the purpose of the IOA & AA should be reflected in the Constitution of India and promised to take action to send the petition. He will invite the Federation of Traditional Dorbars and the Federation of Khasi States to prepare the reply as soon as possible. to the Government of Meghalaya.
Nongstoiñ: A 38-year-old woman from Mawmluh-I Rambrai, has lodged a complaint at Nongstoiñ Police Station against her husband, alleging that he has raped her. come to smite her and her household.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The All Meghalaya Karate-Do Association (AMKA) has announced that it will send 29 Karate players to represent the state in the tournament. SEIKOKAI All India Karate Championship 2024 will be held in New Delhi.
If you read their ideologies, you will see that they are different from each other and that they all take advantage only on one basis and that is for the sake of the country and the nation.
Therefore, we strongly oppose the conversion of the BSF Camp into a PWD Land in Khliehriat by the State Government. “It is the responsibility of the BSF,” said Cherity S Suja, General Secretary, KSU Khliehriat Circle.
Referring to the programme, Balakyntiew Umbah, Principal of the school, said that the program was held as part of the World Tobacco Day. Day not this year.
The match on Tuesday will be between Summit Academy and Nangkiew Irat at 4:15 pm.
In Ri Bhoi District, there are 44 cases including 2 cases from Armed Forces, 3 cases from Byrnihat cluster, 1 health worker, 26 high risk cases, 1 ILI case and 1 case from NEPA cluster.
For the first time, we have never seen such an initiative by the Assam and Meghalaya Governments to resolve the border dispute,” said the CM. “There will be special attention in relation to Khanduli, Psiar, Block I and Block II as there have been serious disputes,” he said. mala ha kine bag.
This action of Riia strengthened Bahnah's vision.
NICRA is a project of the Government of India through the Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) on climate change resilient agriculture.
After Panah left the house, the mother and son began to talk about what had happened.
In the women's singles, Wandakahi Passah won, while in the women's doubles, Ribhalang and Dakahi Passah won.
“Before the UDP expelled Bah Ardent, it sent several more letters of explanation, if the HSPDP sends 10 letters, I will explain,” said Fenela.
Many of the vendors whom Rupang has been able to talk to but from the conversations it is understood that all of them are sad because of the collapse of their market and it is also understood that the government is the skum siat khnam. They put it in front of all the merchants who threw stones at it because of all the protests.
Students should apply to the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) for the Civil Services Prelims Examination 2023 within the deadline stipulated by the UPSC. Hostels and food will be provided by the Central Government free of charge.
On my part, I urge the people of Sohiong not to succumb to those ideas that will divide and divide us the people of Sohiong,” he said.
Rescue operations are ongoing at the time of writing to rescue the injured and dead.
The checks issued to these farmer groups amounted to about T.20 lakh and these checks were also distributed to the farmer groups through the Farmer's Collectivization to train the farmers and also to strengthen their farmers. not to produce agricultural products and also to market agricultural products.
Shillong, Jymmang 10 : One of the prominent and beloved leaders of the indigenous peoples who is now the Minister in charge of Arts and Culture, the department in charge of preserving the identity of the indigenous peoples, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said there are three pillars that strengthen the nation and these are the ownership of the land, inheritance and language.
The closing ceremony of the En Maan En Makkal Padayatra of BJP President K Annamalai will also be held at this venue.
It is true that there are still those who don't know the history of the Khasi but the politicians don't know it.
During the investigation, John confessed to police that he was the one who initiated the groping of the victim and followed the pair from the time they went to a store until they arrived at the house in Lake Park and spent the entire day waiting for them at the house.
“Although the VPP is a political issue, we are concerned that if this issue is turned into a political issue, it will affect the law.
Similarly, the kajor farmers from Mawlyndep area have been assisted in the same manner.
Regarding this incident, the reporters have gone to the Doctor in charge of the CHC in Bhoirymbong, Dr.T.Sutnga. The doctor said that it was not true that the woman had a high blood pressure when she was brought to the hospital. The allegation that the child died without taking BP medicine cannot be true and the authorities have sent him to Shillong because it is understood that he needs to be treated at better health facilities. This health center does not have enough equipment to clean like other health centers which have adequate equipment.
It is also a disease that society still looks at, judges, punishes and punishes those who get it.
Newhill SC beat Ialong SC 3-1 in the 18th Above Football League Knockout Tournament of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Tuesday.
This was discovered during an inspection by the Khasi Students Union Sohra Circle today where they found that bottles of kyiad, plastic and other items were not only spread but also in four corners. and he was filled with joy.
They also explained the price fixed for all items including vehicles to be used during the elections.
Shillong, March 13: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) has received the Mombati certificate from the Election Commission of India.
On the other hand, Ms Ampareen said that the Congress party will continue to oppose the CAB and urged the people of the state not to do anything that will cause grief, but to unite. Together to fight against CAB.
The Appropriation Account supports the Finance Account.
Hamletson Dohling, MLA Mylliem who is also the Minister of State in charge of Community and Rural Development, inaugurated the building under the Special Rural Work Program (SRWP) 2019-2
Replying to this, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that even the Minister of Assam Government who is also the Chairman of the Regional Committee, Pijush Hazarika, does not agree with the statement of the KSA. .
Kseh Sylle SC beat Lumkyrwiang SC 3-0
After this, the Lama Lai Rong was distributed to the people who walked and stood and lived near the shlem of the Battalion.
The Hima Mylliem through the Minister in charge of the Market has announced that the Hima Mylliem through the Minister in charge of the Market will attend the meeting. All shops should be closed and all vehicles passing along the road from Motphran to Iewduh should not enter the areas within the market so as not to disturb the people who come to the meeting. “All shops will be closed, come to the public meeting,” said Minister K.Langstieh, Minister in charge of Iewduh.
Shillong, Nailur 5: About six or seven MLAs from the state are in Delhi to meet with BJP leaders. MLA and BJP leaders from Shillong.
“People from this area buy new cars almost every day, the opening of this car dealership here in the village will help the people because they don't have to go far anymore,” said Khongthaw.
This was announced in a statement issued by the Publicity Secretary, Bah Firstborn W Kharumnuid.
He also spoke about the development of Mandi/Procurement Centers in the states for the benefit of the farmers in these states.
The announcement by the Lok Sabha today came after discussions that the Central Government may change the name of the country from India to Bharat.
The total number of deaths was 925,0
Shillong: The arrest of Bah Michael Warjri, has sparked many protests from various groups and on this issue, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, said that while the incident happened in Meghalaya, Therefore, it should not be sent to Meghalaya.
It can be said that the Bible has spoken to the common people in words that they understand and has been a blessing and benefit to their lives and faith.
This was also a comeback after losing to France in the 2021 final.
The Rangbah Shnong said that the village has tried to contact the leaders of the Sengbhalang in Jaintia Hills but all the mobile phones that these leaders used to hold are not working at all.
The incident took place in Silchar district of Assam.
The number of cases in India has now reached 1,000 and India is currently under a nationwide lockdown.
The District Election Officer's Office said that the incident occurred after AITC supporters hit the Scorpio of NPP MDC Habibur Zaman which was passing through Charbatapara village in West. Garo Hills.
Every nation has its own characteristics and behavior that differ from another and this includes its language, work, food and drink, dress, thought, customs, traditions, belief, way of doing things that distinguish us from others.
They said that after 1 year of conflict, illegal trafficking has started to increase again across the border areas. They said that trafficking has not only brought fraud and most importantly death. of cows too.
Apdeihok Suchiang of Shillong Commerce College and Lilian Iadalin Shadap of St. Anthony's College, Shillong scored 70.2 per cent and 79.4 per cent respectively.
On the other hand, the village has urged the engineer to appoint meter readers from the state and those who speak Khasi-Pnar as there are still many households who are illiterate so that they can explain to the residents. any problems with electricity.
Besides Lambokstarwell, Samakha, Finance Secretary KSU WKHD was also present as the chief guest in the presence of the President of KSU Nongkhlaw Circle, office bearers and others.
The HNLC also criticized the leaders of ICARE, that the Council, has not opposed the contractors, but said that these organizations, should have talked to the corrupt, the Municipal employees, who are stupid. The union should not be corrupt, but should work together to prevent the disappearance of the Hynniewtrep people, said a statement from Bah Saiñkupar. Shillong, March 20: The HANM Khlieh Riat Circle on Tuesday said that the working methods of the Congress party show that the party wants to turn the indigenous people into low paid and high paid people. She said that this has been evident even in the political arena, where in Meghalaya even non-Achiks can become MLAs. The incident occurred in Tripura where the MLAs of the country were present in the Legislative Assembly of Tripura.
This is not surprising because at this time we are in the midst of panic over the spread of Covid
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath today announced that Faizabad district will be renamed Ayodhya.
Vikash Nandwal was robbed of petrol while he was inside his shop at Meghalaya Machineries in Motphran on the 9th of this month. to him and to burn him completely.
Ka Iewduh is a film directed by Pradeep Kurbah and released in
Halen Nongtdu, an Indian player who has prepared himself to lead the AFC U-16, has been selected as the Youth Ambassador of the AFC-Aurora eGoal program for the South Asian Zone.
