Also to the Rangbah Shnongs to complete the elections within 30 days.
It is prohibited that strict action will be taken against children if they are used for election-related purposes.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Titosstarwell said that the failure of his EC as CEM is not a reason to lose confidence, but it is a change.
The Table Top Exercise for the Sate and District Incident Response Teams will be held on the 10th of this month by the NDMA officials. , Shillong will not be a sign that there has been an earthquake.
The college has reportedly issued a new rule banning the wearing of hijab by students and this has prompted the students to protest against the decision.
Rtn (Dr) MS Konwar Major Donor, District Governor 3240 in his speech encouraged these two donors to share their talents with others so that this talent will remain in the heritage. still coming.
Former HYC President Robertjune Kharjahrin, newly elected UDP member from Mawkyrwat, President of Khasi Author Society, UDP Dr DRL Nonglait and former MLA of Mawlai, Bah PT Sawkmie.
We have to see what will happen from the meeting in this committee which includes all political parties.
Jowai, July 25: The Movement for Change (MDA) Meghalaya, in a statement sent by its President Pherdian Samiang and Chandame Sungoh as its spokesperson, has strongly condemned the MDA-2 government for not The NPP led by Conrad Sangma as Chief Minister on the part-time and unfounded dismissal of Lokayukta officers.
“I have already spoken to the TMC General Secretary for Meghalaya Manas Bhunia and I have asked for time to meet to discuss whether it will be in Shillong or I will go to Kolkata,” he said.
During the meeting, MP Agatha Sangma and MLA Subir Marak thanked Dr. Karad for taking the time to visit the area and listen to the concerns of the people and some of the issues in the implementation of the project. They also promised to do whatever is necessary to resolve these issues and work with the Central and State Governments.
Shillong Lajong FC is the first team to qualify for the final round with two wins and one defeat. The biggest match in the country will be against Delhi FC or Ambernath United from Mumbai on the 26th of this month.
At the same time, Prestone said that when they landed by helicopter, they saw the beauty of the area and therefore he said that after the completion of the bridge and construction of the road, the place will be very beautiful and attract tourists.
Not only in Shillong (and its suburbs) will it be difficult to provide clean and safe drinking water but it will also be difficult to provide electricity. guarantee.
(2) To strictly control the mining areas:- The most famous areas for the production of coal are Shallang, Maweit, Kulang, Nongjri, Khliehriat, Wapung, Nongtalang, Sutnga, Ladrymbai and others. .
In the past few days, the leaders of the District Demand Forum have met with the Prime Minister to revive the district demand for the area.
“We as the party, we make it clear that we will not accept the Uniform Civil Code, there should be a special exemption, especially when it comes to the culture and lifestyle of the people in Meghalaya,” he said. state.
Among the many projects implemented by the Government of Meghalaya, the Lakadong Turmeric Mission in the last three years alone has witnessed a 13 percent increase in turmeric production.
Khliehriat, Naitung, 07: Leaders and members of the Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) today sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District to express their strong opposition to the government's plan. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya today launched a railway line in East Jaintia Hills District.
I’m a little disappointed in myself for already going through and coming to fruition together.
The new cases include EGH: 6, EKH: 26, Ri Bhoi: 1, WGH: 2 and WKH:
The meeting was conducted by Kong L. Warjri, Organizing Secretary of the party.
As I mentioned above, the gambling or the waste of money in the election of leaders to the Legislative Assembly is the reason why we don't have those Legislators or Legislators to make those policies and laws for the Legislative Assembly. It is good for the people, but we get people who don't know the law and don't know the law.
He said that he has demanded to open 48 border markets but only 4 have been opened and he hopes to open more border markets in the coming years.
He said that until now they have not been invited to discuss the opening of trade with Bangladesh with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District.
“It's like saying that the children who come from meat also eat meat, who has the right to give such advice to the MDA Government whether it is the Consultancy or the advisor of the Prime Minister, The MDA Government should immediately issue such a notification, besides that the teachers have dedicated their lives and souls in the service even to the children of these teachers. in power by forgetting their own children, to prevent them from entering the political arena, they also set rules why there is anything behind, the truth is that the legislators should have been ashamed to spend their time. to pass laws to protect us as the present heritage and for future generations, they are just trying to pass laws to protect and strengthen themselves, by forgetting the pain of their own Jaitbynriew,” said the President. Nongpoh: Leaders and members of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF), Northern Region, accompanied by office bearers of the Border Welfare Committee, today visited the Shillong Dhaba. ha Baridua, after receiving many complaints and allegations that the dhaba used to run Awria activities, so during the raid, they found that the owner of the dhaba, used to run You don't have to worry about women inside the Dhaba.
Superintendent of Police, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, IPS, said that on 19th July, they received a tip that a resident of a village under Lumshnong Police Station had been robbed. money over the phone to an unidentified person and threatened his life.
Officials from SBI Bank Jowai, including Chief Manager ST Ngaihte and Officer Debraj Baruah came to give training on how to use digital banking.
The village has dirt roads, where even horse carts would find it difficult to navigate.
This was announced by Baruah while talking to media after the opening of the meeting of the chiefs of two districts; DC Jowai on Tuesday.
Questioned on the construction of the road from Dainadubi, Damra Mendipathar, Resubelpara, the Leader of the Opposition said, “What is stopping the state government from The same situation applies to the Rongram-Phulbari project.
Nital Suna, Secretary IVCS, said that the IVCS has been established since 19th November 2019, with the purchase of shares of T.500 tyngka before joining as members. Registration fee of T.10 and Admission Fee of T.50 T.50. The IVCS has 271 Members and 327 shares worth 1,63,5
The electrical sign which the car collided with was 11KV on one side which led to the power outage.
Out of the 17 Congress MLAs, 12 have joined the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) while five others, who have been temporarily expelled from the party, may join other parties before the elections. of the year
The film 'Johkhe.com' will be released at Bijou Cinema, Shillong from 6th March,
Simon Siangshai and Hermon Phawa were also elected as Advisors and Phaidlimon Siangshai as Treasurer.
Adding to this, the Additional District Magistrate (ADM), Bah Ronnie Wahlang, said that on the orders of the DC, he together with the BDO of Mawpat, DSP, have held three meetings including One at Madanrting Police Station in the presence of Rangbah Shnong, Women's Wing and leaders of these three communities.
For more information please call 93661-15391/9
Today, Mawlai SC, which is the leading team, will face Rangdajied United FC, which is currently in third place, at Polo at 4 pm.
Therefore, the logic is: If there has never been a Trai Ri Trai Muluk who called himself “Jaintia” because he was more happy to call himself “Pnar”, “War”, etc.
The Indian Medical Association (IMA) has written to Prime Minister Narendra Modi demanding that Ramdev should be prosecuted for anti-national or racist speech for misleading the people. people, on the services of the government, to fight against covid.
“Conrad Sangma, you are the one who dares to criticize the fighters of the Hill State who have been in jail and shed blood in the struggles for the independence of the state. and to have the right to own the land".
In addition to the shuki, the tyrpal was distributed to the village.
We feel that using the services of Bah Pariat will help us to provide better services,” said the Prime Minister.
The traffic police of the Traffic Branch Lumdiengjri East Khasi Hills District have had to go out and repair the road themselves. This road has caused problems to the vehicles passing through this road and also has caused heavy traffic jam in these areas.
However, three years later, the policeman from Himachal Pradesh was found and lived with his new wife, while the owner receives a monthly pension.
When inquired about this, some of the residents who were present on that day, said that since they became residents of the village, they have never seen the picture of Khaw Rashon. The Rangbah Shnong of Narbong has also seized the Ration Card of the residents of Narbong.
A short speech on ECI was given by FM War, ASE and Village Icon.
According to reports, Assam has said that this village belongs to the Forest Department and people cannot live in this area because it is illegal for them to live in this area. government land.
The meeting was conducted by Deihok Sumer, General Secretary of FKJGP East Jaintia Hills District.
Although it is only the beginning, the purpose of it is to count the number of people who have come from abroad and from this country to witness this pomblang dance.
Jowai: U Bah Dawan Lyngdoh, MDC of Mynsngat Khanduli Constituency, today, 3rd November, 2021, met with Rupsing Teron MLA of 20th Baithal, Karbi Anglong, Assam. West Karbi Anglong, in order to maintain peace and order in the border areas of Block-I as part of the waiting for the border settlement between the two state governments (Meghalaya & Assam). The two leaders have decided to work together to curb the violence in these areas where violence occurs from time to time such as Khanduli Lapangap and other places.
The team was led by Man and Prof. Devesh Walia in collaboration with Kailash Varma.
Shillong, Naitung 05: The BJP is in talks with many MLAs to support the NDA Presidential candidate Ram Nath Kovind, on Tuesday said that the BJP is in talks with many MLAs.
Explaining on the criticism that he as one of the leading Khasi leaders has not said anything on the issue of Reservation, Bah Paul said that as leaders it is not right to reveal everything. or publicly report their performance or strategy to perform leadership roles.
Therefore, as students, they should understand that their teachers are the second parents in life, because their encounter with teachers is every day where they raise their children not only in knowledge but also in dignity, in manners, in walking, standing, speaking.
“There are many political parties who come to campaign to speak against the NPP, they will work with the NPP when they feel comfortable, and when the elections come they will speak against the NPP. “In our Khasi, Garo, Indian culture, we don't eat in the plate,” said Conrad while speaking at an election campaign rally for NPP candidate Samlin Malngiang in Krang today. sun.
The suspect was identified as Banphrang Kupar Nongbri, 24, of the same village.
India are in Group-B with Bhutan and Bangladesh, while Nepal, Maldives and Pakistan are in Group A. The tournament will be held at the Dashrath Stadium. located in Kathmandu.
With thorough implementation and efforts, within two years and six months, up to 2.4 lakh households have received water to their homes.
Out of the 70 drivers who staged a strike yesterday, about 20 drivers came to talk to explain and continue their work but others have not yet refused to talk to resolve the issue.
Furthermore, they said that the cultivation of synsar is very easy, because once planted it lasts for many years and after planting only after two years it can be harvested if it is in the area. good.
On the night of the Lord's Day in the month of November, there was a house service at the house of Kong Rep.
“The defeat of the Congress is due to the votes of the people from the Congress party itself, where MDCs from Garo Hills, East Khasi Hills and another leader have come out to contest the election. “If they don't contest, the Congress will win the mid-term elections,” said Pala.
“I was invited to translate the languages ​​between the two communities because the Deputy Commissioner does not understand Khasi or Jaintia or the OC of the area,” said Bah Laloo.
The company has also provided services with the support of the Government of Delhi to operate CATS 102 Services for four years, including during the COVID-19 pandemic in India.
Initially, the Myanmar troops were brought by the Assam Rifles to the village before being transported by helicopter.
It is hoped that through this STEM project, many engineers, doctors and scientists will emerge in the coming days through the start of Mynken Higher Secondary School.
The Persians were expelled from ancient Persia (Iran) by the Arabs and fled to India.
Many witnesses have witnessed the fact that even the parents don't know where their young children are, they go because as soon as they get into the cars they don't know even if they are on the road outside the house.
Up to 10 candidates and four political parties have attended the Lok Sabha.
Wankhar said that earlier it took about seven days for a truck from Andhra Pradesh to reach Shillong to unload fish, but now that the road has been improved it takes only about five days and if longer it takes about six days.
Shillong, July 11: A meeting between Bangladesh and India to discuss border issues and other issues will be held tomorrow at the Pinewood Hotel, Shillong.
These villages fall under Labang Phyllut and Pangam Raliang Elaka which fall under Block-I which have been forcibly included in Mikir Hills (now West Karbi Anglong) by the Government of Assam through Notification No.TAD/R/3 50/148 Dated 13/4/1951.
This was announced by Bah Sadon K.Blah, Ksiang of the HNLC.
Aren't most of the village and state leaders Christians or Christian leaders? If the right to know had not yet become a law, how would the villages in the country have been against these new schemes of the central government? Do you think the longlwit and the Jongksha are not the same? There is no faith but it has not yet appeared in the world.
Three other brothers of Katdilia are still undergoing treatment at Jowai Civil Hospital, Ialong.
Shillong, July 8: The UDP MDC from Nongkrem constituency, Bah HS Shylla, on Tuesday said that the alliance between the UDP and the HSPDP for 2018 is not for the sake of the nation, but only for the benefit of the people. The two presidents of these two parties are Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit and Dr Donkupar Roy.
Shillong: The District authorities of East Jaintia Hills have banned journalists from standing near the coal mine at Ksan where rescue teams are trying to recover the bodies from the mine.
Replying to this question, Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said that the rule, which is written on the proposal, is not to include the word “requested” or request. They have received the covid 19 injection.
We are sorry that Sohra is famous for its beauty of nature but it is famous for its pollution,” he said.
Bribooks has selected the child's book to sell worldwide.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the state government has set up two committees to allow land vendors to register so that the government can provide land for them.
Former Sutnga-Narwan MDC Seiborlang Shadap will contest again on the NPP ticket.
The KSU has vowed that if the situation demands, it will send its members to suspend the Aadhar registration of the people, as it has already discussed with the government to suspend the Aadhar registration first. years ago.
More than 500 competitors attended the tournament this year.
A few days after one of the former TMC MLAs, Himalaya Shangpliang, joined the BJP and intends to contest from the party, Charles said the entry and exit is According to their decision, the party cannot ban anyone.
Shillong: There have been 88 new cases of coronavirus in the state today. 50 cases in East Khasi Hills, 26 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 10 cases in West Garo Hills and one case in West Garo Hills. Bhoi District is one of the districts of East Jaintia Hills.
“By providing training on the law and a deep understanding of the law, the NLU will empower the students to become social change agents,” he said.
In the 2019 National Election to the Lok Sabha, the BJP has made good use of technology for its election campaign, and it is through this that the party has been able to reach out to the rural areas. how to disseminate its election campaign.
As ye sow, so shall ye reap: for the reward of the righteous shall not be equal to the reward of the righteous.
On the closing day, training was given by Ms. Zera Wahlang, Water Analyst, PHE Mawkyrwat on how to test water from the well and when it reaches the households.
Nongstoin Police Station has arrested and arrested these persons along with writings condemning their actions.
Shillong: There have been 13 new cases of corona virus in Meghalaya as of 10 am today.
The districts with the highest milk production are East Khasi Hills with 12807 cows and Ri-Bhoi with 9295 cows.
However, why does the Ministry of Power's State Distribution Utilities 2019 Report show that MeECL has come last in the list of 41 distribution stations in the country? ka Ri (distribution utilities)? Why is MeECL's AT&C losses at 34% the lowest in India and its billing efficiency rate at 72%? Why is MeECL among the 5th worst performing corporations in India in terms of losses in electricity generation and distribution according to the RBI report in 2018? There is also a misunderstanding among the people about the ADB grant that Meghalaya has received in 2020 to improve substations, replace old wires and install smart ones. meters.
However, suddenly this incident happened suddenly on Friday which has caused a lot of confusion among the Khasi Pnar residents because of this violence of the Assam government.
He also urged the youth to become knowledgeable about the manners and dignity as this helps to build the future of their lives.
Through this victory, Laitkor have retained the top spot with 15 points, while PFR have come second with 12 points from three games. resist.
The Khasi Hima is under the IOA & Annexed and does not have any provision in the Constitution of India.
On 24th June 2019, about 500 rounds of ammunition were fired at the civilians, but it is not known whether the police or the army fired these bullets.
There are 23 recoveries and no deaths today.
He also said that these medicines have been distributed to Marten while in the health centers in the districts the people have not received even the medicines approved by the doctors.
He said those who wish to contest from the UDP can come forward.
We have also seen that there are self help groups which have been set up by the Dorbar Shnongs. Among these self help groups there are also those who have sent training to cultivate tit. The farmers in the households and in the houses of the food come from Assam.
“Why am I the prime minister five times, even the president of the MPCC, said that Lapang is involved in such money making,” he said. Why are you sad when I leave?
Regarding the shortage of electricity supply, it was also witnessed that the villages in the rural areas have not been contacted, but even in Nongpoh which is the Head Quarter of the District, the residents are facing the same problem. problems caused by excessive electricity supply.
Shillong: Shillong received 2.1mm of rainfall, 10.4mm in Sohra and 0.2mm in Umiam.
“I would like to inform the MLA of Mawhati that he doesn't know that the rights of the Schedule Tribes don't end with the reservation policy, but they can buy land according to the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act,” he said. Hercules said that they will get a share in the reservation policy of the Central Government for STs, they will get a share of 44% job reservation in Grades C and D of the Central Government in Meghalaya.
The General Secretary of the Seiñraij Mukhla, T Sumer, said that due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Behdieñkhlam has to be held according to the SOP issued by the government through the office of the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District.
What is more surprising is that it is our Khasi who support physically and spiritually these foreigners and their agents who appear in the form of their brothers and sisters.
Rajiv Kumar also spoke on the need to use science to monitor elections so that they can be used effectively along with digital platforms to facilitate the dissemination of information developed by the states and the ECI. The CEOs have been directed to ensure that they invite the leaders of the National and State Disaster Response Force to discuss the issues that need to be addressed.
All these teams have reached the quarterfinals of the tournament which will start from the 23rd to the 26th of this month.
Batskhem Pala is from Sutnga Pohshnong and is not a child, but he still has a mother and seven brothers and sisters.
These days, even the print, electronic social media are brave enough to spread such statements and give banner headlines just to market, without taking responsibility for building the nation.
According to the MLA, the water source is sufficient to supply water but the problem is that it cannot be distributed properly because the water pipes are very old and if the water is supplied they can burst. and because of this, she needs to renew the pipes.
The Minister also said that the Regeneration Meghalaya programme, which is an agroforestry project which he launched recently, is only part of this great goal.
Babu Boldness said that the college has tried to provide everything for the children who are differently abled. ramps, special toilets, seating areas and so on.
1 Peter 3:8.
Meanwhile, MDC Adelbert Nongrum promised to donate computers to the school under the MDC scheme.
The Jaintia Cement and Clinker Transporters' Association (JCCTA) has expressed its dissatisfaction after the state government has increased the price of petrol and diesel which has caused loss of income in the transportation of goods across the state and to other states.
He said that the tournament is also a test for the team to see where they are as a team as they have to face the same teams that the team has to play in the Asian Games.
In Meghalaya, 60 MLAs will cast their votes in the Legislative Assembly from 10:00 am to 3:00 pm and all MLAs are expected to attend to cast their votes. they.
In view of these issues and under the leadership of the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Khlain Sing Nongbri, who is also the Chairman of the VEC, a Dorbar Shnong was held at Kyndong Wahlang on 21/11/2
To preserve wildlife, birds and fish.
The loss due to this mistake is for those students who have answered the questions that have arrived at Canara Bank, which have been submitted in the fourth paper, which are not NEET related questions, because they do not SBI Bank has been given more time to answer the questions that have arrived at SBI Bank and those that are submitted in the stem paper, which are also questions related to NEET. The students who started writing these wrong questions before, are very sad, that they don't get the opportunity to write these questions for NEET, because the time to write is 3 hours. but they themselves have spent up to an hour and a half only on those wrong questions.
He said the EC has also decided to allow the public to meet the officers and EMs only twice a day on Tuesdays and Fridays with prior permission. This is to prevent the spread of COVID-1
Also present on the occasion were the Rangbah Shnong Silverster Mynsong, Marian Maring, Secretary Nongoh Village, Anthony Suchiang and other Rangbah Shnong and residents.
It is on these issues that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, is confident that the NPP is ready to contest in 2023. in 2023 to bring victory and glory to the state and to hold on to power”.
Awareness campaigns related to wildlife are not suitable for urban areas because there are no wildlife in urban areas but should be conducted in rural areas like Sawlad, Nongrilong (Madthadraishan constituency), Mawdem, Umshohphria ( Jirang constituency) Langpih, Mawdong (Rambrai constituency) and other places where there are still animals.
However, he did not specify where these troops will be deployed by Israel.
Which father or mother gives money to a child to enjoy the world if the same characteristics of the child parents can not give money to the child because he is involved in his desires? hi.
During the inspections, it was reported that the NFR staff have looked into the working methods of various trains so that any incident can be prevented.
The District Magistrate has informed that the curfew from 9:00 PM to 5:00 AM has been extended to 11:00 PM to 4:00 AM. from tonight 10.03.2023 until further notice.
If we don't do this now, there is no election, the time is too late and we will get the same bad governance.
Rekha, one of the longtime Bollywood actresses, invited the Creative Director of Dior to take part in a fashion event in Mumbai.
That is why Jesus said to the rich young man – “One thing thou lackest” (Luke 18:22).
Your name is Morarji Desai.
The Kongsan, not the Rank.
“We have not received any exact information or confirmation on this and we have heard about this incident but we have not received any confirmation report,” he told reporters.
“At the meeting, a list of names was selected and released but we are not sure whether they are still alive or whether there may be dead.
Earlier, UDP candidate Synshar Kupar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah said that in the guidance of God, it is impossible to know that if the UDP wins from Sohiong, it can change the government.
The benefit is to the people of all parts of the country.
Vehicles traveling and stopping daily from outside the containment area such as Chyrmang Iongnoh are not allowed to stop in the middle of the road in the containment areas or at Panaliar village.
Then they reviled him, saying, Art thou his disciple? I am the disciple of Moses.
He said that the job can be continued by renewing the appointment according to the ability to do the job and punctuality.
The match started at 1:10 pm and was between Mawshbuit SC and PFR FA, where PFR FA won by 2 goals without scoring. .
Speaking to Rupang, KM Lyngdoh, President Seng Khasi Mawphlang, said that he was present at the welcome ceremony. He said that Modi played ksing with them for about 4 minutes.
The SP of SCRB from CID, Bah DN Jyrwa, presented the records of various incidents of rape of women.
Likewise, Bahdeng was very happy every day in the office.
“According to the report from the district authorities, six people have lost their lives from lympat pyrthat and drowning since 1st June 2020,” said Ma Kyrmen Shylla.
In this case, it was not only Jesus who performed the miracle, but the villagers also took part in the performance of this miracle.
Then there will be more and more protests and violence and insurgency will increase.
It is necessary to divide the states according to the aspirations of the citizens.
Schools have been directed to complete 100% of the syllabus for all classes and for Class 11 and Class 12 including Commerce and Science Stream, the government has directed that The schemes for internal assessment in Term I and II at the secondary and higher secondary levels will be as directed by the Executive Chairman of the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE). .
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 53 new cases have been confirmed and 695 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
Therefore, the government's decision to bring this empty camp in this part of the state has affected the feelings of many Christians especially the leaders of various churches.
Ma Lahkmen Rymbui in his election campaign rally to seek the support of the people to lead the Amlarem Assembly Constituency to the Legislative Assembly, asked the people of Amlarem constituency whether they will vote for the candidate. You have been taking vitamins for 5 years.
Asst.Coach Mahesh Gawli will take over the captaincy of the team under the leadership of Sunil Chhetri for the final match.
The hydropower project in Rangmaw has been awarded to SEW Construction Pvt.
This incident shows the negligence of MeECL which does not check its electrical wires.
Only two days after the discovery of her body, police have been able to conduct the investigation as they have found her belongings and her mobile phone.
Shillong: Uttarakhand beat Meghalaya by seven wickets in the Vijay Hazare Trophy match played in Chennai on Saturday.
He said that the KHADC has set a goal to set up a hospital where patients can come for treatment at the KHADC Hospital which will be treated by these doctors who have been licensed according to the Khasi medicine. long in the case of illness that requires herbal medicine or bone counting and others.
ii).
Nongpoh: U Bah AL Hek, Minister of State, today inaugurated the Electric Vehicle Fast-Charging Station for electric vehicles. inside the NES Petrol Pump at Mawsmai.
Furthermore, it was reported that this order also prohibits the felling of trees along the Myntdu River.
“The purpose of this festival is to spread the message on how to protect the environment,” said Daiapherbha.
When we arrived at the village, we were surprised to see that the houses that have received the PMAY scheme from the office of the Block Development Officer, have been left empty without completion. The beneficiaries of the scheme together with the Sordar Shnong and the Shnong as a whole said that the contract for the construction of these nine houses has been awarded to Bah Gerald Tynhiang, until completion, but it was said that the The Rangbah has not completed the construction of these houses and the money in both installments has been given to the contractor, but the saddest thing is that after these families came to request him, to complete them. The beneficiaries of the scheme have been informed that the scheme has been replaced by a threat.
Nongpoh: “As one of the rural villages, we have already experienced many leaders and in these leaders who have left we have not found roads, but it was only during the tenure of MLA Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, that the Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, Nongmawlong, on the occasion of the inauguration of the colorful road which he has provided through the government scheme at a cost of T.57 lakh.
In 2013, the Speaker of the House, AT Mondal, recognized Dr Donkuar Roy as the Leader of the Opposition even though the UDP at that time had only eight members.
Speaking on the occasion, Jev's Wann Fashion & Designer, which was started by Jevellin Wanniang, said that from a small start it has been able to get two training centres.
The EC of the UDA has rejected the no-confidence motion (NCM) tabled by the NPP MDC from Rambrai-Jyrngam, Bajop Pynrope, who has expressed his no confidence in the CEM. At present, the KHDF of the NPP and INC has 18 MDCs including 12 from the UDA. Speaking to reporters after the filing of nominations, Bah Pynïaid said that he has filed two nominations, one proposed by Bah Bajop Pyngrope and supported by MDC. Carnes Sohshang from Mawkyrwat was nominated as CEM by Congress MDC from Mairang and supported by Fantin J Lakadong from Malki-Laitumkhrah.
South Korea beat Malaysia 3-1 in the final on their way to the final.
Nearly 3% of the 2454 complaints were made on property, of which 535 complaints were received and showed weapons, and of these about 529 have been resolved.
You pastors should understand that Conrad Sangma on that day was like that good Samaritan (Lk.10:29-37) who had compassion for the one who had fallen into the pit and was seriously injured. that he had to stay in the middle of the road to help.
Melinda Dkhar, a strong supporter of NPP candidate Sniawbhalang Dkhar and the owner of the house, said that this evening there was a dorbar of Sniawbha at Lapangap village. There was another election campaign meeting in Saitsama and another in Mukoilum.
“We have arrested these three persons after a thorough investigation and found the driver of the truck, Saidullah Alam Laskar and the employee of Harsh Metals, Deep Kumar Nath. There are three people who came to take power,” said Bah Kharkrang.
“Oi, who?” she asked. “I opened the door.
On the other hand, Ms Reality asked whether there is a rule for hospitals and health centers to test the staff of those who go to the hospitals.
In this regard, the family members of the woman have lodged a complaint at the Nongstoiñ Police Station against the suspect, Batborlin Syiemlieh.
In 1987, Bah SD Khongwir also introduced the same Bill and sent it to the Select Committee. legislate it.
Many believe that the appointment of Bah Ronnie and Saleng is a plot by the NPP to get a weak Leader of the Opposition who will not be willing to overthrow the ruling party.
The Congress MP said that at present, the elections in some states are clean and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) wants to implement them with small parties.
Kit Nongkhlaw scored 14 runs from 27 balls. Sylvester Mylliempdah took 3 wickets for 7 runs in 4 overs and Deibormi Rangad took 7 runs. He took 2 wickets in 4 overs and scored 12 runs.
All four members of the family who died in the earthquake at Pynthorlangtein village under Jowai Police Station, West Jaintia Hills were buried in the same grave.
Shillong, June 29: Church leaders and civil society groups in Garo Hills today met with the Governor of Garo Hills, KK Paul, to express their desire for peace in Garo Hills. that group is strong.
Shillong: A meeting of teachers under the banner of APSTA, will be held on the 13th June 2019 at 11.00 pm, at the APSTA headquarters in Umkdait near the Petrol Pump on the road to NEIGRIHMS. APSTA will also recruit 227 new members for the year 2010-2011 according to the Advertisement
Conrad said the presence of the Prime Minister and the Home Minister on the day of the swearing-in ceremony of the MDA-II Cabinet shows another picture of these allegations of corruption. .
Shillong, Jymmang 18: U Phagu Chauhan on Saturday was sworn in as the new Governor of Meghalaya at a swearing-in ceremony held at Raj Bhavan, Shillong.
The eProposal System has been awarded the United Nations World Summit on the Information Society Award 2022 in the category of “The Role of Government and Others in the Development of ICT from for the sake of growth".
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum (KJCLF) has expressed its concern over the intention of the State Government to legally recognize the vacancy in the State.
It is time for us to invite such reputed international agencies as ADB to meet the needs of the State.
The team to participate in the tournament includes players and coaches selected by the Meghalaya Roll Ball Association. Hills), and Seiborlang Jaktkung (coach).
," said Ma Kynsaibha Talang.
In fact, the MLA should not give an exact account to the people of the constituency how he has implemented the MLA scheme of Rs 2 crore (two crore fifty lakh tyngka) per annum.
The five countries with the highest number of births on New Year's Day were India (67,385), China (46,299), Nigeria (26,039), Pakistan (16,787), Indonesia (13,020) and the United States (10,452). ), Democratic Republic of Congo (10,247) and Ethiopia (8,493).
Speaking to these youths, it was revealed that they are not from poor families, but 4 of them earn their living by working while one is still studying at the These youths said that they really want to improve in the sport of kayaking but because they have to work day jobs, they receive training only 2 days a month. Kayaking and Rafting are successful and need support and assistance so that they can train themselves and bring fame and glory to the state in this different sport.
Adelbert Nongrum issued the zero hour notice to seek clarification on the government's intention to hold the Cherry Blossoms Festival from November this year.
Speaking on Friday, Prestone said the government did not want to hold the Cherry Blossom Festival on Sunday but it happened that it was for many days, the government has postponed it. for the time.
Besides, they also wrote on the banners, “You grow up, we don't have any problems, but not the future of our rights.
Shillong: Former MLA and MDC Martle N Mukhim today filed his nomination papers to contest from Mawkynrew from the HSPDP. he said he has been in public service since childhood and later as a public leader.
The meeting was led by the Organizing Secretary of the Seng Samla Julius Mawrie, President Samla Kyrmenlang Mawrie, members of the Laitkor Unit and the Assistant Secretary of the Seng. KSU Nongthymmai Circle and Sports Secretary Nongkrem Unit along with members of the KSU Nongthymmai Circle.
“We are here now to know that the Congress will come to power.
Police have arrested these two persons after receiving a tip from intelligence agencies that they were smuggling drugs from Assam to Meghalaya.
Nongpoh: After receiving information about the presence of some foreigners, who have come to retire by working in various factories, in Umsiang area of ​​Ri Bhoi District, on Saturday, members of the The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Mawhati Circle on Saturday visited several factories in the area. These factories are located in foreign countries.
After they leave the kni to pray for forgiveness from the gods and to pray for food and drink, the household, the ksiar shad siar kmen.
Marius Kharmuti, brother of Bah Benedict, said that according to information, his brother (Bah Benedict) left home with his children in the evening and did not return home. it causes relatives and people to go looking for him.
The Government of Meghalaya has recently released a report on the number of students accepted by various Private Colleges in the State.
It is not clear what the Government of India will do and whether it will approve or reject the ILP demand in the State, but if we talk about politics a little bit, it shows that maybe the ILP may not be implemented. The reason is that there are many Muslims in the Garo Hills and the Government of India will first use the NRC to clean up these people. These places are believed to be Bangladeshi.
We find that the Laloo, Pyrbot (mostly in the eastern part of Jaintia Hills), Amkoi, Amdep, Pohlynjar, Pohrmen, Pohsnem, Rymbui (mostly in the eastern part of Jaintia Hills), Then the Marngar, Marong Pariong, Diengdoh and other kurs whose ancestry is from the Shibedi clan. They are known according to their language (Pnar, War, Khynriam or Bhoi).
The disease, which can be recognized by the presence of stains on the skin of cows, was first detected in a cow walking on the streets of Patharkhmah.
(From M.M.
What is more surprising is that there are higher places occupied by market vendors who sell fish, jhur, jaiñ and others.
Nadda said Modi has worked hard on the goal of “HIRA” for the development of the North East.
The fire brigade immediately came to extinguish the fire, but as these market buildings were made of wood, the flames spread quickly and destroyed the market buildings.
The Committee will also visit the Price Reporting Centre/State Consumer Commission.
Announcing this, HANM President Lamphrang Kharbani said that the HANM will hold a sit-in on the 20th of this month near the Additional Secretariat to demand that the government should take action against the government. to resolve the border with Assam.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: The Commander-in-Chief of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) Sohan D. Shira has denied the allegation that he threatened to kill government officials in Garo Hills. T.15 lakh to those who provide information to the police.
Police have seized 9.750 kilos (100,000 grams) of heroin from Zothanmawia, resident of Zokhawtar, Champhai District. methamphetamine.
“We believe that the Inquiry Commission has named the names of those involved in the murder of him (Bah Cheristerfielf Thangkiew) and to punish all those involved in this crime and to arrest them immediately. or to be subjected to strict rules of law and if they are Government servants (Police) they should be suspended immediately,” demanded the Seng.
Despite the state taking action after the recommendations, the shops continue to do this.
It has been in existence for a long time and any Prime Minister who is not in office is the Chairman of this Agency.
Yadav is the prime ministerial candidate of the opposition coalition parties, including the Congress, RJD and other political parties, in the MLA elections in Bihar.
Eleven of these suspects were arrested after they shot dead a man and a vehicle with Meghalaya number plate.
Shillong: The FKJGP-East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday arrested dumpers from Assam for carrying coal from Narpuh area to Lower Assam-Badarpur. more protections, for the passengers and also for the residents along this road that these vehicles pass through.
Until now, the military has not been able to confirm the cause of the crash or whether there was a collision of equipment inside the plane.
Dr. Mohrnem said that he has a goal to serve the people by following the Blue Print which includes the opinions of the village leaders, religious leaders. , seniors, youth organizations and school children to bring about real change and development in the Constituency.
She said that the shortage of tourists from outside the state may be due to the decline in income and income as the entrance fee to the tourist spot is 100 tyngka per head. but if you think carefully, you don't have a hundred pieces of silver.
Let us pray that God will have mercy on them to heal and strengthen them at such a time.
This is like the scent of a bsein because they have turned away from their own people.
We want to have all the world has to offer.
Furthermore, they do not dare to speak out against the Ministers, MLAs and officers who violate the rights of the people through corruption, discrimination, violence and exploitation of the poor, the needy, the children, the women and the weak. .
The right-back has joined Golden Threads FC and is one of the team's leaders in the Kerala Premier League Trophy 2021-2
Include fruits, vegetables, milk, vegetables to get vitamins, calcium, protein, carbohydrates and minerals in your body.
He said that sometimes physical strength is needed, but at least 10 percent physical strength and 90 percent mental strength have to be used.
The film was released last year on 19-25 November 2021 at Bijou Cinema Hall but due to the Covid-19 pandemic, many people are still reluctant to watch it.
In the Science Exhibition, the first prize went to Amwi Jarain Secondary School, the second prize went to Amlarem Secondary School and the third prize went to Sohkha Govt.
Is it right for such a Government, which counts stingy and ignores the desire of the people for peace and order, to continue in power as they have already decided to rule again after the 2023 Election? Does the people want to give back such rulers who do not fulfill the will of the people? These are also the issues that the people need to know so that they can ask what is right and what is wrong before the 2023 election.
Raju said that although they asked for the highest price, he could not sell it because he loved it very much.
“He sent me to look for a candidate after I refused and I refused to help him and after I resigned from the post of MLA, he took advantage of this,” said Justine. which was composed of two villages - Wapungskur and Wapungshnong.
In fact, police led by SDPO Bah Ian Onel Swer and ADM W Biam had raided the village on 25th November to arrest them but they fled the village without being traced.
“Why does the opposition leader focus so much on Bhowal and Malaisohmat among all the himas?” he asked.
Recent reports have said that the death toll in the area could reach 5,0
Shillong, Lber 03: VPP General Secretary Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon has demanded that the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) Bah FR Kharkongor should recall the vote from Mylliem Constituency. VPP General Secretary Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon said that the number of voters was lower than the number of votes cast on Tuesday. “On behalf of the party candidate from Mylliem, Kong Aibandaplin F Lyngdoh, I would like to request you to vote again from Mylliem Constituency because the number of votes cast is less than the number of votes cast. the number of votes received by all candidates.
In 1611 AD, King James IV of England translated the Bible into English.
On the issue of the District Task Force, the union reminded and urged the district authorities that as this committee has been set up since 2018 and they also expressed their regret over the delay in the full implementation of this Act, because The union feels that it is urgent especially to curb the entry of foreigners due to the NRC in Assam.
As Christians, we must know that this giving and receiving of money to buy and sell our votes is not only illegal, but also against Christian teachings and beliefs.
After his arrest, he was handed over to the Mizoram Police for further investigation.
The Green Hills Restaurant was owned by Bah Kmenson Syngkli and Kong Ridalin Warjri. The opening ceremony was attended by Bah D.Kharkongor, Elder of Christ Nongpoh Church in the presence of other church leaders, relatives and friends.
He said that Umpleng has always been under the jurisdiction of Moolamylliang village whether it is in matters related to the office of the Deputy Commissioner or matters related to the police.
He said that as the Council, they cannot understand how much the Indian government feels the need to introduce a railway line.
That means that online schools will produce intelligent children while non-online schools will produce stupid children.
Because of the importance of water in various sectors of life and also in ensuring economic development, the Ministry of Water Resources decided in 2011 to launch India Water Week (IWW), a multi-faceted platform as a unique sectoral programme, which will be a platform for different countries to have consultations and receive recommendations and action points.
Rgh Richard H Dkhar Secretary Governing Body of the College was the chief guest to witness the final. He was accompanied by Principal WB Rynjah and others.
Union Minister of State for New and Renewable Energy, Bhagwanth Khuba, on Tuesday visited Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills District, to inspect the implementation of schemes. the Central Government within the District.
Police have arrested the driver of the truck, MD Warish, 26, and the driver of the truck, Jennyson Tayenjan,
Only 200 out of 4500 players who attended the program were held in all districts of the state in the past few days and months.
In a statement sent by the Commissioner & Secretary to the Governor from Raj Bhavan, Shillong, the Governor said that the Governor had discussed the issue with the Chief Minister on Friday and afterwards. A letter was also sent to the Chief Minister to direct the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Hills Autonomous District Councils to prepare the accounts to be sent to the CAG office. He said that if necessary and through discussions with the Prime Minister, an inquiry should be set up into the delay of the District Councils if they do not comply with the orders of the Prime Minister.
In the past 4 years, she has learned a lot of things that have helped her to become what she is today.
Shillong, Lber 18 : Candidates from various political parties who intend to contest the MP elections to be held on the 19th of June this year, on Monday attended the Symposium on Sankardev College has organized a special event for these candidates.
The death toll has risen to 785 as of
It can be said that in this area of ​​the Thangkhiew clan, there were many Mawbynna which had their own basa which they used to hold market in ancient times and which still exists today.
Michael Syiem of the Maitshaphrang Movement said that to curb corruption, those who embezzle public money should be punished as found through RTI. “Even the Chief Minister of Meghalaya who was found guilty of corruption has been arrested and such a law should be implemented in Meghalaya,” said Bah Syiem.
The NES SERVICE Pump is also the largest petrol station in Ribhoi with about 30 employees and provides free vehicle cleaning to those who come to fill up the petrol station. and it is very good which makes it very convenient for the visitors of Ribhoi.
Leaders of other church organizations including KSU, RBYF, JSU, HNYF also took part in the march.
He said that among all the parties, only the UDP and KHNAM support Bah Pynshngain and we appeal to the people to support the UDP which wants to strengthen the district council.
The Langrin Youth Welfare Association (LYWA) together with the residents of West and South Khasi Hills District, stand on the same ground, that we will never turn our backs on those sheep. to sell the land and the country of the people just for the sake of money or the greed for wealth of these creatures who continue to shake the villages and townships just for the sake of greed. but the lade is theirs.
Like in Punjab, young people are lured into Canada to get jobs but later learn that they have fallen into the trap of human traffickers.
Not only these but there are many more which I cannot mention here.
He urges those who are poor to pray and accept God's guidance.
In a request for clarification, Mamata Hojai, Director of Secondary Education Department, sought clarification from the headmasters of these schools to ask why they should not be dismissed from their posts.
In the video, it can be seen that he stabbed the leg of the youth and two others identified as Teibor Swer who was shot in the leg and Ning Pale who was shot in the body.
Shillong, Lber 27 : The United Democratic Party (RDA) has a better chance of winning the Shillong Parliamentary seat in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections than the Congress. The Voice of the People Party (VPP) is a party that is limited to one district, East Khasi Hills.
This sudden increase shows the impact of the Yatra and the ability of millions to unite towards a common goal of development.
Shillong, July 20: The past 24 hours have been the highest rainfall in Shillong for 2013, with 78.6 millimetres of rainfall.
The AJCCTA has also asked all the 60 MLAs of the state why they have remained silent on the SC order. How many out of the 60 people have earned a living from the smuggling of coal? Looking back at the 32 lakh tonnes of coal in the state, which has been mined and estimated, where is it now? The AJCCTA urges all coal mine owners, coal traders, truck owners and Sengbhalang to come forward and cooperate with the AJCCTA to fight against this illegal activity. government and to eradicate illegal activities completely, concluded the President of the party.
Shillong: Officials of the Assam Forest Department have raided the house of an 80-year-old woman in Tangkhia village, Pesnagar Dholai Range, Cachar District. .
"With 880 stores in India, ASICS India's vision is to be the company of choice for runners and athletes, by bringing in sportswear and shoes. shoes that are excellent for a variety of needs, including from running and sports training.
The tournament was organized in collaboration with the Sports Department of the State Government.
Confirming this, the CEM said that the children of a Khasi man who marries a non-Khasi woman cannot be considered Khasi if they do not practice 'Tang Jait'
Seven youths who have been trained at the Meghalaya Taekwondo Training Academy under the leadership of Bikash Baruah as Coah and Roshan Sharma as Manager include Sangeeta Rabha, Wansalan Dkhar and Varinder Singh. Ujal Baruah, Lanosha Marbaniang and Sunny Kumar Shah won the silver medals.
After this, the HSPDP lost two MDCs and these MDCs did not obey the order of their party to sit in the opposition but went to support the PDF under the leadership of Bah. Enjoy.
The Dorbar Shnongs should train women and youth to talk about the shortcomings in the health care system in these SCs, PHCs and CHCs. I'm going to do my own thing.
The Umkhrah River has flooded the road to Mawlai Nonglum, Mawlai Nongpdeng and Polo area as well.
Shillong, Nailar 19: U Bah K Kurbah, a policeman of the 1st MLP Battalion, passed away at NEIGHRIM Hospital today after being stabbed in the neck in Mawphlang village. who have passed.
Shillong: The North East Police Academy (NEPA) has advertised dozens of vacancies at its office at Umsaw, Ri Bhoi District.
The rally was held as part of the demand for the inclusion of the Meetei/Meitei community in the Scheduled Tribe (ST) List of the Constitution.
“I will try my best to serve the people to the best of my ability.
Over the years, these flowers have grown so well that Charles can no longer take care of them alone, so in 2010 he founded a society called Nonglwai Orchids Preservation. The Society, which was later renamed the Nonglwai Orchids Conservation Society, currently has 12 members.
In the first half, Rangdajied's performance showed that they could not beat Shillong Lajong.
At this place, Hindu devotees, men and women, flocked to offer their idols, including those who came in groups and those who came on their own.
“At the meeting we have decided to bring in the full budget and we will follow the usual procedures in relation to the counting and budget,” said Lamphang.
Besides, the lack of footpaths due to the small size of the roads has caused a lot of trouble to many churches especially the elderly and children who have to walk every day.
However, the Ministers in charge of Urban & Municipal Development Departments have not taken any responsibility to find alternate landfills immediately to reduce the burden on Marten.
False teaching of man:Rulers & Judges: Not all, but most of such we find that they are always changed in appearance and character, I will put in one word.
In October, the small village of Kongthong, which has no development schemes, has been ranked fourth in India as the leading village in terms of development and cleanliness.
In the song “Seal of Love”, Khasi singers and singers, including Keebor ATK Kurbah and Deicy Mawblei, took part.
“The 2nd officer-in-charge, who was present at the time, when he came to report the incident to the family members of the child, refused to file a complaint, which is not his fault,” he said. said the chairperson.
The mob, which seized the President's residence, threatened to stay in the residence until the President and Prime Minister of Sri Lanka leave.
However, as the Government in the new OM has now accepted the retrospective roster, the roster accounts have to be managed according to the year of recruitment,” said Bah Thomas.
The program was also part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the Independence of Meghalaya.
“I have already met with the Speaker of the House today and I was present at the time of the incident,” said MDA Chairman Conrad K Sangma.
While he was sitting there, his father said, “Stay here.
Once the agreement between Assam and Meghalaya has been signed and the officials of these states have met with the Delhi officials to verify it, it will be the end of the talks. becomes law and cannot be changed.
Regarding the MDC elections to be held in 2024, the party president said that the UDP has not yet discussed or taken any decision on this issue, but he informed He said that there have been MDCs who have expressed their desire to contest the election on the ticket of the party including the incumbent MDCs who belong to the party UDP. On 18th March, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare approved the Draft Meghalaya Street Vendor Scheme 2023, which aims to ensure the welfare of street vendors in urban areas.
Youths living in East Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi Districts will have to report to the District Training Centre, Mawdiangdiang, Shillong.
Aided Institutions) to participate in politics is still only a deficit.
There have been 47 new cases so far, 147 yesterday, 46 cases on 24th June 2020 and 67 cases on 23rd June
“Look at the comparison, they say they have been here for 160 years.
Therefore, the question of reaching the goal of the UDP leading the government, I think is just an idea,” he said.
This announcement was made by the Secretary, District Council Affairs, Bah FM Dopth.
Next, Jesus performs a miracle and blesses the five loaves and two fish.
This year the celebration will be in two parts.
When asked, the President said it is too early to decide how many seats the BJP will contest from all the constituencies. but this will also be according to the decision of the leaders of the Central, State Committees and the Election Commission.
Only to the builders.
The district authorities of West Khasi Hills have already demolished 39 illegal coal factories in Shallang area till Thursday.
She said that since the incident, the state government has already promised to appoint an independent commission of inquiry to find out the truth about the incident, but so far it has remained silent. and there was no one else to say anything about it.
Shillong, Jymmang 13 : Sohiong today received a new MLA from the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Synshar Roy Kupar Lyngdoh Thabah. Not soon, Mr. HDR Lyngdoh.
Only the Khasi Syiems, the Chiefs of the Khasi-Pnar Hima are named in the Constitution of India (Appendix Bahynriew) which states in Article 3 (g) that the District Councils have the power to make laws in relation to the appointment and succession of Chiefs and Headmen.
However, nothing has been heard from the government except for a 10-page explanation from the Social Welfare Department and the announcement of an inquiry into the matter.
In Nongstoin, the HSPDP Nongstoin Circle unanimously approved to give ticket to Bah Sanjied Shangrit from the party at the circular meeting.
Besides, there was also an honoring ceremony for the Waheh Shnongs and members of the AJMMWU who have been their great supporters in the smooth running of the AJMMWU from time to time.
It will be a more competitive game,” he said.
Kumar said he would send the report of their arrest to the government through the police department.
These dopwai plates are sold in Shillong at a price of T.190 for 25 small plates and T.180 for 20 large plates.
Diana Hayden said, “I have fought against this accusation that I am white and I have won and people should praise rather than criticize.
There are 369 candidates contesting and 36 of them are women.
He also criticized the government for not buying votes in the country where the government's assistance to the farmers even in the cities is not helping the farmers, and asked where are those farmers in the cities.
The incident began when a group of people stopped a vehicle and started threatening the passengers that they wanted to convert people to Christianity.
Simply spending the money doesn’t mean the road is built or worked on just because electrification has been implemented on the railways.
Halifax Regional Fire and Emergency Chief Dave Meldrum said the fire had not been brought under control until Monday night. Tantallon and Hammonds Plains and authorities are also investigating the cause of the fire.
Speaking to reporters, Armstrong Sohshang said that the party's opposition to the word 'Sonapahar' is because it is not a Khasi word in the Many of the residents of the area do not like to call the area by this name, and instead of this word should be used and written by the word Mawshynrut in every government office which is the words that are appropriate and meaningful to the whole area.
On the other hand, the ethnic groups as well as the opposition parties have strongly opposed the bill introduced by the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and said that the bill is illegal and is an act of discrimination against refugee communities who have no shelter and no longer protection in other countries.
We don't know the rules of journalism on the coronavirus, because until now the State Government, or the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, has not explained the rules of journalism, but we see that they There are many leaders, who tell themselves, that they have gone into isolation, that they have doubts whether they have this disease and in the Western countries, we see, that they do not hesitate to tell me if you have this disease.
Police from Bhoi, who accompanied the raid, include Bah J. Phawa, IC Mawlasnai OP, Bah R. Nongrum, SI Umiam PS and others. Police and as soon as they arrived at the scene, they immediately destroyed it without any reason or any discussion, as it was an illegal tax collection gate.
Speaking to them, the Minister said that in the past few months, the Central Government has released the 1st installment Scholarship for 37,000 students and today it has released the 2nd installment of the Scholarship. for 67,000 students in the state.
“We have already conducted a public hearing,” he said.
“The threat is because of the election, because of fear of it, the vote bank of the NPP party is in Rymbai and I am the villager of Rymbai,” said Bah Sunida. “My vote bank is also from Rymbai, so they are looking for ways and means to harass me.
Following the decision of the UDP to announce its candidate yesterday, Anthony said that he has gone ahead and will continue to contest the MDC election. but he will soon hold a meeting to discuss.
It is estimated that 700 tonnes of sodium cyanide, fire extinguisher and other explosives were found in the house.
The main purpose of this meeting was to discuss with all the parents of the students on some of the important issues that have arisen in these days and also to bring about the happiness in education in relation to their own children who are still in need of education in their own State who are studying in private schools.
In the market places and in places where there are parties, many people do not wear masks, wash hands and observe social distancing because they say that there are no cases of Covid-1
“Noting that their gathering today is to pray along with the lighting of candles for those who have died and on what happened in the state, he said that the party wants the peace and justice in Manipur – not for one ethnic group, but for the State as a whole.
Bindo said he has never joined the party but the attitude and behavior of the UDP leadership has made him alone and he has decided to give his full support to the UDP. The KHADC leadership team led by Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem.
Through this power plant, it will also help to reduce the increasing power shortage in Garo Hills.
Referring to the Goa civil code, Cabral said Goa seceded from India because of the British rule during the Portuguese Goa and Damaon period; Goa became a Union Territory, along with Daman and Diu Islands, in 1967 and on 30th January 1987, the Union Territory was dissolved and Goa became the 25th full state in the country. while Daman and Diu remain Union territories.
The school where Bhalang was studying had arranged to hold a debate on the occasion of Parent's Day.
Kishan Laishram took three wickets while Rajkumar Rex, Bishworjit and Md Sultan Karim took two wickets to help Manipur win.
This website was created by Dakamanbha Ryngkhlem, IT Engineer and former student of Maranhill Higher Secondary School, Jowai.
He said that the lack of signage has led to a tragic incident, when a traffic accident occurred on Saturday at Umtrew.
He said the people should not be surprised by the cooperation between the HSPDP and the UDP, as both the parties have already agreed that the cooperation will be in all the elections whether it is for MP, MLA and MDC also, so that the people understand that unity is power.
Khliehriat, Nailar, 18: The Department of Agriculture, East Jaintia Hills District today held a market for agricultural products, including soh trees, flowers, The program was held at Khliehriat West.
Paul said the three members led by Shillong City UDP General Secretary Allantry F Dkhar will submit their report within three days.
“Yes,” replied Kong Rep and immediately picked up the bread.
“We are much higher paid than the Garo but in terms of jobs we have the same opportunity as the Garo who are less paid than us. “We have seen that with the arrival of the Roster, our rights have been violated and the Garo people have benefited,” he added.
I understand that the court should know the decisions taken and the penalties for such actions.
This will also affect the people how many times they buy meters. Besides, this meter of this company is cheap and one even in urban areas they have not implemented it but how do they want to implement it completely? the poor and the needy.
On the appointment of Chairman of the Lokayukta, Dr Mukul Sangma has expressed his satisfaction with the appointment of the Chairman of the Lokayukta in the state.
He was speaking on the decision of four AITC MLAs who failed to attend the party meeting on the day AITC National General Secretary Abhishek Banerjee visited the state recently.
Note: The Clerk shall announce the date of the election which shall be a date not exceeding three months before the date of issuance of the notice of election7 .
At the same time, he said the government should understand to call for talks to resolve this issue.
“The boundary between the districts in Assam has now become the boundary between two states, Assam and Meghalaya...that the problems in the boundary demarcation between the districts have now become problems and the troubles of the two States.
Each Center will have three rooms, namely a Nook, a Computer Center and a Library.
“The same household, mother to one village, son to another village and we will arrange this in a peaceful manner,” said Bah Shylla.
There are 34 recoveries from the disease.
On 29th March, 2021, the Government of Meghalaya has taken over the land at Mawlong Market to relocate the residents of Sweeper's Colony after paying T.2 crore to the office of the Syiem of the Hima. Millions.
Other leaders of the Shiv Sena, AAP, have strongly opposed Ranaut's remarks and have lodged a complaint with the police for investigation.
ODF Plus related activities: The mission for ODF Plus status has various components: Biodegradable waste treatment including GOBARdhan scheme, wastewater from households food and washing clothes etc., cleaning of plastic waste, cleaning of waste from toilets.
Shillong: U Ronningson Kharthangmaw, Meghalaya Police, today said that due to the quarantine, the police in Delhi cannot visit him at the hospital.
Wash your hands immediately:— According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, regular hand washing is one of the best ways to prevent 1 billion diseases each year.
Sharma also alleged that the BJP government intends to implement the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) across India and this shows that it wants to discriminate against the minorities. All Scheduled Tribes (STs) in the North East especially in Meghalaya.
If the government wants to improve education, it should turn first to the teachers as they are the shapers of the future of the state.
The injured were taken to Saipung PHC and from there they were shifted to Jowai District Hospital, Ialong and Shillong.
He said that the rent is low and therefore if the government can increase the number of rooms so that it will not burden too much on the people from outside the state.
Prof. Noor Topno spoke on the importance of celebrating World Environment Day.
All these children are students of Rama Krishna Mission Higher Secondary School, Sohra.
They urged the leaders to take action on this issue, because if the government forgets to take action on this issue, the future of the nation is in great danger.
The East Jaintia National Council (EJNC) has set up a new branch known as the EJNC-Sumer Circle.
The objectives of PM-DevINE are to invest in resources through collaboration in the form of PM Gati Shakti, to support social development projects according to the needs of the North East, to create employment opportunities for the youth and women, to fill the vacancies in economic development in various sectors.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titos W Chyne on Tuesday sought clarification from the Syiem of Raid Marwet on the construction of a casino in Byrnihat.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Conrad K. Sangma, the Union Minister of State for Food Processing Industries, Rameshwar Teli, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Metbah Lyngdoh and Minister The Government of Meghalaya in charge of District Council Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbui was also present at the programme.
Ronnie and JA Lyngdoh have strongly criticized the BJP for using tricks to insult the Christians in Chhattisgarh. send a letter to send a census of Christian churches in the State of Assam.
Indeed, in the midst of our struggle for this war, we have to face difficulties and sufferings in our personal lives, in our homes and also in society, as well as the country and the nation is crying out for these things.
However, what is sad and unfortunate is that the visit to the land owners for a few hours is like teaching them to commit suicide in the fire. They may become angry or violent with the police, BSF or even the Bangladesh army.
Nongpoh, Naitung 08: The Government of Meghalaya through the Ministry of Home Affairs today inaugurated the District Jail at Mawsyntai Village, Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: In the past five years, the state has witnessed a rapid growth of sports facilities built according to the needs of various sports, such as the Wahiajer Multisport Complex in Jaintia Hills. Hills and the Pa Togan Nengminja Sangma Athletic Stadium in Garo Hills, which was completed recently this year.
“If the party can get only 2-3 seats, it means that they have not been accepted by the people of the state,” he added.
These are Global Health Services, Medulance and Chikitsa.
The new DCs are Abhilash Barnawal, IAS and Arpit Upadhyay, IAS. Abhilash Barnawal has been transferred from the post of Additional District Magistrate I/C Amlarem (Civil). ) Sub-Division, Amlarem and appoint him as Deputy Commissioner, Khliehriat from the date of assumption of office until further notice.
Furthermore, the four organizations strongly condemn the law enforcement authorities, the police who were present on the same day for not doing anything even though the incident happened at the time of the incident. and they were there.
Similarly, at 11.15 pm, police have arrested three KSU members from Mawlai Mawiong-rim.
He said that there have been complaints from the members of the House that they don't get the proceedings of the House especially the questions that the EC doesn't get to answer. Please note that unanswered questions will be sent within 2 months instead of 3 months.
He said that many students from Meghalaya have had to write their examinations in Jorhat and Dibrugarh, even after these centers were selected as the third and fourth choice. their.
He expressed his gratitude to all, from the organizers of this program and to the participants who made this Block Level Sensitization Program a success.
Nongpoh: A 24-year-old youth from Assam has died after his motorcycle overturned at Shangbangla near the NRL Petrol Pump while he was driving. plan to go home.
When it came to the meeting, the four elders, including the Rangbah Shnong of the Ummat, were fined T.80,000 for killing the cow. to pay another T.1.20 lakh as the village court fee, for the works they have done.
West said he wants the government to pay money to women to have children, so that they don't have to have children and the mother who has children will get about 10 million dollars. .
We should have opposed this bill from the time it was introduced and before it was passed in the House,” said Ampareen.
Nongpoh FC opened the scoring first but Lajong FC managed to score the first goal before the end of the first minute.
“We have received comments from many of the party supporters that they are encouraged after hearing the speech of the BJP president when he visited the state,” said the statement. When asked how they feel about the curfew during the visit of the President, the BJP leaders said that when Amit Shah set foot in Shillong and walked on the streets, he thought that there were no people. I don't want to come to your meeting.
Madhav said the opposition was not true as the BJP was determined to bring unity in the country without any religious discrimination.
The program was held at the Multipurpose Hall DC Complex, Mawkyrwat in the presence of the Second Chief Minister, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh. The meeting was attended by SP D. Sangma, Syiem of Maharam N Syiemiong, ADCs and EACs and heads of government departments.
The government collapsed after losing support in the 2019 elections, a year after it came to power.
And that too has been done in our nation.
The Church also confirms this relationship between fellow human beings in the book Gaudium et pesa.
When this fact was discovered, it was banned to transport and sell pigs, whether dead or alive, in these areas.
The meeting was attended by the Syiem of Sohra Hima, Pa'iem Freeman Sing Syiem, Chairman of the Forum, Sohra MLA Gavin Mylliem, Shella MLA Balajied Synrem, Shella MLA Balajied Synrem, Chairman of the Forum. Sohra MDC Titostarwell Chyne and the Sordars and Rangbah Shnongs of the area.
On the other hand, the union said that it will not rest unless it sees the work of the department to build the transformer.
Before the start of the tournament, both the teams at Mukroh, West Jaintia, together with the spectators, a minute’s silence was observed.
Therefore, the coal traders of Shallang area urge the government authorities to take immediate action so that the traders can resume the trade and transportation of coal on time. long extremely short.
As government employees, can you listen to the government's non-payment of the 30% Arear Revised Pay which is still pending?
The doctor also argued with them and sent them to arrest the stolen cows and at the same time he was taking pictures with his mobile. die him.
“The Governor has called us to form a government,” said the newly elected NPP Parliamentary Party Leader Conrad K Sangma.
Regarding the Byrki Sub-Centre, there is only one patient who has been transferred for some time.
Earlier in the morning, a march was held in traditional costumes with the participation of women and youth from 6 villages along with members and leaders of JTES. The march was held from Ladthadlaboh and ended at Jrisalein Square where there was a traditional dance.
The match between Seven United SC and Mawten SC ended in a draw in the Meghalaya State League MSL which was played on 26th June 2013 at MDSA Mawkyrwat Stadium. District.
He said that many schools, especially in the rural areas, have only a few teachers but if the government does not appoint them in the upcoming elections, it will affect the students and especially the school. There are schools which have only 2 or 3 teachers and if these teachers are on duty election who will look after the school.
In order for this cycle of flora and fauna to continue from generation to generation, it is our duty to remember that all plants need water to flow forever with the soil. that which is alive, and not that which is rotten or dead, and ring tyrkhong-ringswai.
This tournament will not only showcase the talented in this sport from our state but will also encourage the villagers to have a healthy body.
He said that the court is still considering the matter and the case they have lodged is still pending. He said that to resolve this issue is only if there is an understanding between the two parties. of the government and the HPC otherwise he said this will not reach anywhere.
It would be good and useful if the Ministry of Arts and Culture issues a public announcement that the villages will collect the names of the Hill State fighters and these names will be collected by the government and published. as a list in which the future generations will know the history of the struggle for the hill state and also know the names of those who took part to get their own state.
Tengchan Sangma (38) scored the first goal.
He did the same with his father's body.
The MPUF has demanded the resignation of Tathagata Roy as Governor and Agatha Sangma as MP as they are against the will and voice of the people of the state and the North East as a whole.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has started closely observing the party's decline in other states across India especially in the North East.
Three people at a Mizoram house in Mumbai have tested positive for the coronavirus.
We pray that God will protect them so that they can continue to serve those affected by this disease.
“The department plans to inject up to 5 lakh cows using Ongole muit seeds to produce more slaughtered cows,” he said.
He said that 80% of the people in the constituency are poor but when people go to him for help, he gives reasons like this and it is very difficult to meet him because he doesn't have time to be there. within the constituency because he lives in another village.
“The BJP has not invited us five Congress MLAs to show that we have not worked with the BJP in the state, and we have been refused to invite us because we are Congress,” she said. added Ampareen.
The President of the VPP said that the VPP demands the implementation of Article 371 in Meghalaya to protect the State from any implementation of the laws of the Central Government.
The BJP in a statement said that the reason for Roshan's resignation is because her human conscience does not allow her to continue in office according to the order of Dr. Mukul Sangma, Prime Minister. whom the BJP has accused of misleading the department for his personal gain.
At the same time, Bah Disparsing said that the government has not yet released the money to the vendors from copper to dewbilat for the implementation of the 100 days scheme or MGNREGS. now for about three years.
Matt 28:2.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13 : Meghalaya is ready to host the Shillong Cherry Blossom Festival 2023 and even the streets and alleys of the city have been covered with pink and white colours. cherry blossoms that bloom in the fields.
Earlier, the ADC & PD, DRDA, RZD Shira, who is also the District Nodal Officer for the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra, spoke about the objectives of the program as well as the activities and programs to be held during the days. He urged all the relevant departments to cooperate with the people during these programmes.
The price of dewbilat in these days has increased to T.350 per small.
On the closing ceremony of the Shad Suk Mynsiem, Bah OS Kharbuli, Executive Engineer, MePDCL, Shillong, was the chief guest.
In the 40+ Men Doubles, Rituraj Shabong and Amit Gupta won bronze and in the 60+ Men, RB Das and Harendra Singha won bronze.
If they really fought for the rights of the indigenous and Christians, it would not be like this in 50 years.
Johnson reportedly spoke to Biden last night, where they discussed that the West should take a unanimous decision on the fight against the Taliban.
Shillong, July 07: As part of the efforts to preserve the environment, the Sawmer Presbyterian Youth Assembly has held a tree planting program on the 5th of this month. World Environment Day, at the church grounds in Khlieh Shnong, Parmaw.
Lumpariat will play against Chutwakhu at 12 noon while West Madan Mustem will play against Dongmihsngi at 2 pm.
What you should do when you are away from your parents:-
He said that the cleaning of the road is ongoing and will take more than 24 hours due to the severity of the landslide in the area.
The cost of construction of this school is not less than T.2.48 crore which has been funded through the SPA
According to the latest news from the UDP, the party does not want to go to the extent of expelling them but wants to talk to each other.
He also stressed that as athletes who want to improve in this field, they should avoid evil deeds such as drugs, alcohol and other beverages which destroy the strength and destroy the human body.
Earlier today, there were 33 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in Assam.
“When the youth live to serve the country and the nation, the nation also lives,” said Bah Lumlang.
He said that detailed information will be collected on the incident to find out the cause of the fire.
He said that every year the Association announces publicly through the media that the Association has set strict rules and regulations that it is not allowed to shoot and kill wild animals of all kinds. animals, as well as birds of prey and all kinds of wild game that live in the area.
Shillong: The rainfall in Sohra today was 25.0mm, while today, the rainfall was 30.0mm.
This SECOND resurrection is hopeless, where that SECOND death awaits them in hellfire with demons, it will be a dishonorable resurrection.
Many people were injured in the blast at the stadium, said Mokhis Afgha, spokesman for Paktika province.
The Jhep in Iawmusiang is one of the biggest issues these days especially in West Jaintia Hills District.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who is also the BJP candidate, won from Varanasi with 3.6 lakh votes, while Home Minister Rajnath Singh won from Lucknow in Uttar Pradesh.
The name of Bah Reenborn, a retired judge of KHADC, who is also the Secretary of the Law Commission of the State Government in the past years and the elder, was approved by the Special Dorbar of the Khasi. The Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) was elected in November.
Police of the Anti Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) on Friday arrested a drug dealer from Assam and seized a large quantity of heroin.
The installation of the pump near the river will cause many problems and seriously affect the environment, as without fail, the waste will flow into the river and kill many fish in the river. hang.
Shillong, November 20: The Christ International Senior Secondary School, Nongsder on Tuesday held an Advance Christmas celebration in the presence of the Chief Secretary to the State Government, Dr.DD Lapang. Along with other officers from various government departments, the Rangbah Shnong of Nongsder, Bah Welcome Shangpliang, officers from the army and other religious leaders of various religious groups.
“We support the improvement of MeECL's working methods to reduce losses, but it should not be handed over to private companies or foreign authorities.
“We request the government to grant us our rights by appointing all of us who have passed Grade IV,” said the students who passed Grade IV. The meeting will be held on the 7th November at Jingkieng Nongthymmai at 10 pm.
But do you know the true nature of Bah Adelbert? How can he reconcile Bah Adelbert's need for God with fanaticism, extremism, wars and strife and others? Where did you say that Bah Adelbert did a stunt? Have you not stunted when your article has already made it difficult for us to be strong in our religion? It is a terrible democracy to destroy or kill our Christian faith.
Shillong: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has visited the Khasi Heritage Village at Mawphlang as part of the preparations for the resumption of the Monolith Festival.
When inquired, he said that so far in Tura and Shillong there are 505 casual workers.
While you are looking at these boards and your village is beautifully drawn on them, you can scan the QR code at the bottom of the boards and this will take you to those 150 boards. the beautiful artwork you can see.
Officers and staff honored the In-Charge DC with a gift from D Sun, Nazir DC Office.
We have to rely completely on our parents and relatives who, despite the heavy burden, have had to suffer for us even in the midst of poverty.
This was achieved after winning the pre-quarter matches at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Ladthadlaboh on Tuesday.
Many people demanded that the District authorities should investigate and find out about these people, who have been disrespecting public places.
Assam Chief Secretary Jitesh Khosla told reporters after the meeting that the meeting was to discuss the recruitment of IAS, IPS and Forest Service officers. (IFS) between these two states.
“Besides my fortune, you are also very fortunate to see Bahheh Don who is the Minister along with the Chief Secretary Bah Pariat who is the Chief Executive Officer of the Government. “Let us pray that he will live a long life and serve more and more when he retires,” said Dr. Lapang.
If the Khasi do not enter, the work in many offices since these years has had to stop due to lack of staff.
The union has sent a statement to the authorities and if they cannot do anything in this regard, the union will take other measures, said the statement. Shillong: Rangdajied United have qualified for the semi final of the Meghalaya State League 2023 by beating Mulait United 5-0 They will play in Group B at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
The daughter told and explained everything about the situation in her relationship with him.
St. Xavier's Higher Secondary School was established in 2019 and is the first school to introduce Jaiñsem as a uniform school for female students and most of the students are farmers. from low-income families.
The meeting was conducted by H.Sahkhar, In-charge Social Welfare Officer, South West Khasi Hills District. you are P.Lyngkhoi.
She also said that Bah Shangpliang has made similar allegations when he left two other political parties since last year for the sake of profits. it doesn't rule the kingdom and it doesn't end up looking for fields.
Project Engineer of KHADC Bah FS Syiem said that the office is not involved in the construction of the market.
he witnesses to the living God before those who have not yet accepted Jesus as their Saviour.
Remember, children of Hynniew Trep, that while we are living together with the Garo people, our Hynniew Trep people are ringing sdot and living in a state jyrwit because we don't have leaders, we still have only Nonglilam Ri and The Garo people have had perfect leaders since the beginning of Meghalaya until now while they have had perfect leaders who have truly loved their country and their people.
Speeches were also delivered by two TB survivors who shared what they have experienced and urged those who have contracted TB to follow the instructions of the doctors so that and they shall be healed of this disease.
Jowai, Naitung 21 : The Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football Tournament 2022 was held today at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
The Kolkata Nagarik Mancha has claimed that it has no affiliation with any political party, but has gone to protest against the rapid increase in the number of cases of covid-19 in the state.
Since independence, India has been ruled from 1947 to 2013 by the Congress party, except in 1977-82 when it lost after the Emergency to the Janata Party. u Jai Prakash Narayan.
He said that the circulation of the motion picture will affect the measures taken for the safety and welfare of many who have walked on the road.
The KSU arrested these foreigners after a difference in the manner of their arrival in two buses number AS-01 GC 7338 and AS-01 KC
Shillong, Nailur 29: Even after having to defend for less than 79 runs, the East Garo Hills Cricket Association (SCA) beat the Shillong Cricket Association (A Cricket Association) by 79 runs. 18 runs in the second semi final of the Meghalaya U-19 Boys Inter District Cricket Tournament held at Salpara, Mendipathar on Thursday.
The Rangbah and Samla of the Kur have shown their talents in singing.
The appointment of the new VC of NEHU comes after a strong demand from the students of NEHU under the banner of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) after they gave a deadline of 30th November. Prof SK Srivastava holds his MSc and PhD degrees from IIT Kanpur.
The Shillong Traffic Police will be more vigilant against drunk drivers, those who drive improperly and others who may violate the MV Act.
Many of the participants in the meeting urged the Forum to monitor the announcement and promise of the Prime Minister and to write to the Government as soon as possible in this regard.
For example, Mizoram and Nagaland, you think these two ethnic groups will be the same as we see here in the Khasi Hills.
This decision was taken at a meeting of the All Jaintia Midday Meal Workers' Union (AMMW) held at Madan Iewrynghep (Fire Brigade) today.
Speaking in Agartala on Saturday, Dev, who speaks Bengali, said, “He has an elderly mother, but he has never kept her in the Prime Minister's house. and he has a brother, who still drives an auto to this day".
There are rumors that there is one person who has been infected with Corona virus in the State.
The door is open for peace talks between the Karbi and Pnars living in Khanduli even after they burnt down three rice fields in Khanduli.
Shillong: The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, MS Rao today issued a notice regarding the payment of salaries for the month of June and the month of June. The salaries of the Prime Minister, the Symbud Prime Minister and the Ministers of the State, IAS, IPS and IFS officers and those who come to work in the state temporarily in this rank will also be paid. will be retained 50% for two months.
Earlier, the Government had allocated funds for the construction of the road to IHM and IIM. expedite land acquisition for this purpose.
Explaining the reason for the installation of the flood light, Bah Banteitor said that the reason for the installation of the flood light is because in this age and time, many people don't have time to go down. to go and watch the football if it is held from 2 to 5 pm, as it is still a busy time, thus, to allow the public and office workers to get Therefore, it was necessary to install floodlights so that any games can be held in the evening.
Shillong, July 13: The Ri-Bhoi Youth Development Organization (RBYDSO) has vowed to hold a dharna if the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) does not create Umsning constituency this time. .
Kapil shot twice in the air yesterday and his parents said he shot at the scene because he was too tired to travel due to the blockade of the road from South. Delhi to Noida, from the protest and said that every time, he has to walk only two hours from Noida to Delhi, or which is only 10 kilometers but from this protest, he has to walk up to 35 kilometers. and he came home until ten o'clock in the morning.
On this occasion, APSTA will donate T.50,000/- to the Shelter Home along with sports equipment and equipment for the education of the children at the centre.
Besides all the office bearers, the group has 18 Executive Members and other members from all over Khasi Jaintia.
It is learned that she has urgent work at home and will not be able to leave today and tomorrow.
“Bah DP Wahlang has told us that if you are in my chair what will you do to me? At that time I didn't answer anything but now I will answer,” he said.
The Dorbar Shnong has admitted that there has been an agreement between the village and the Council that through this gate they will also carry out development works in the village, but said that there is no development work that the Council has done. The village has been waiting for more than four years.
Supporters of Nongkrem MDC Bah HS Shylla have met with the CEM of KHADC to seek clarification on the suspension of the allocation of T.133 crore.
“We are deeply saddened by the seizure by the Election Department of money and drugs worth T.52 crore.
Today, Rajnath Singh, Defense Minister of India, has tested positive for covid-1
These vendors under the banner of the Meghalaya Progressive Hawkers and Street Vendors Association together with TUR have continued their strike for four days.
However, you need to promote your site through Google Adwards and publish news in English, so that people around the world can understand, because about 100 million people every minute around the world. The world is looking for news on the net, and if you get a lot of visitors, your earnings will increase, because I myself have a website on Blogger that I earn by posting.
He said that those drugs seized, if they are new from this area, have been destroyed and if they are from another state, they have been sent to their places of origin.
The installation of these beds with oxygen is part of the efforts of these groups in the state to showcase to the world their readiness to carry and ne to help address the challenges facing the state, especially in view of the rapid increase in the number of people infected with Covid 19, which has once again come to lynsher ha this state for the second time.
In this regard, Bah Pyntngen said that the SSUP is ready to accept the suggestion of Bah Ngaitlang and will also prepare the necessary documents before meeting with the SSUP. The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, said that the government can upgrade the Sub Center to a PHC as soon as possible, as requested by the people.
Therefore, when it comes to shikur, it is not possible for them to become their own nation.
The participants carried placards to express their condolences and demand that the central and state governments should bring peace as there has been no peace for three months.
Shillong: The Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij12 Daloi has celebrated the 157th anniversary of the death of Woh Kiang Nangbah, the hero of Jaintia Hills in
The following are the arrangements of the Church: The Reception for Members and Delegates on the 13th April 2023, will be held at Sutnga Presbyterian Higher Secondary School opposite the Football Ground of Sutnga Village. People of the Assembly on Sunday at the same ground.
He said that his office assists the farmers as well as those who earn their living from the products produced in the villages and areas.
Parliament belongs to the citizens and is not the responsibility of anyone where peace cannot be achieved.
“Within 60 days from today, the mining of coal according to the scientific technology will be completed in Sohiong Constituency,” said the National President of the National People's Party (NPP). state, Meghalaya"
They will play against Delhi on the 10th of this month.
Shillong: U Bah Hispreaching Son Shylla, 66, one of the great leaders of the state, Shillong, passed away today at Super Care Hospital. Shillong, after a long illness.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, who will return to the state in the coming days, should speak on the issue of the Roster System or the allocation of posts according to the Reservation. Policy'.
The leader of the cow farmers said that the auction of cows by the Custom has no meaning at all because the price of cows has already been agreed with the Bangladeshi cow buyers while in the auction market the price has been fixed. I don't have rain, so that the shepherds of the field will not be able to pay the price.
In his investigation, he found that Meghalaya is the lowest paid state.
This was announced by Bah Mighter to this reporter on Saturday.
Therefore, the service of the KJP Assembly through the Dr H.Gordon Robert Hospital by building Rural Health Centres, is a way to serve the people not only in the field of physical health but also to become healers of the disease. spiritual diseases.
It may also happen that one of the ministers of the government is complained of somewhere that he has done too much to any woman.
“According to a report published on the 25th of this month, regarding the complaint against two Rangbah (Briwon Pohshna and Welly Muksor) who were accused of distributing money according to the FIR lodged with Ummulong Beat. The House on the 23rd of this month was held by Bah Klinsman Lamare, Election Agent of the Congress Party from Ummulong Moodymmai Constituency.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: Shella-Bholaganj C&RD Block is the smallest block to register Aadhaar numbers.
These measures include the Maitri program of MakeMy Trip to empower women homestay owners in the North East, the AIC-SELCO program and WEP to support self-employment. in zero-waste energy-related activities, and other partnerships.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, expressed her gratitude to the opening ceremony of the hospital. treatment, which will provide treatment for various diseases through traditional medicine.
The VPP has also vowed that if the government does not re-appoint these three officers, it will take to the streets to fight until the government re-appoints them and also to fight against the corruption of the government. The VPP also said that the citizens of the state have the right to a clean and transparent governance in which the khadar governance will run smoothly.
The meeting will be attended by Muster Roll, Mid Day Meal Cooks, Mystery Workers, Day Workers and other employees.
He said that the people should immediately reject the politics that has ruled only one house.
There are more than 14,000 non-government teachers in 4,500 non-government schools including adhoc, deficit system and deficit pattern.
Speaking at the General Council of the UDP Umsning Circle on politics, he said that it is the party defection that destroys politics and he does not encourage the party party.
According to the health ministry, the state with the highest number of cases is Maharashtra with the highest number of cases. The death toll has risen to 37,1
Therefore, we cannot say that there is no sub-tribe among the Khasi.
Chef Tenzing Tsering became famous after winning the Gold Medalist in the 'Golden Hand Centre' chef competition which was attended by famous chefs from 72 countries of the world held in Moscow in
Risingbor has participated in various programs and workshops including a workshop on traditional music / making traditional musical instruments organized by the Government of Meghalaya.
It is learned that the two robbers were unidentified and used a two shaka which could not be seen the number plate and the robbers blocked the road of the truck. you have the number ML0
The Minister of Rural Affairs, Bah Hamlet Dohling was the chief guest to raise the tricolor flag of the country and also to receive the salute, in the presence of Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA. Nongpoh, Arpit Upadhay, Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District, Giri Prasad, Superintendent of Police, and other senior officers from the district.
After the defeat in the WC, the team has dropped Mandeep Singh, Akashdeep Singh and Amit Rohidas while goalkeeper Krishan Pathak has also dropped out for personal reasons.
GG Bung in his speech, said that the publication of this book is a sign of remembrance of his father, (L) Bah Kwales Thongni, former Minister of the Village. Nongkynbah who has been a Minister for 28 years from 1991-2
When we were married, until death.
The reporter also spoke to several Khasi residents of the area who expressed their fear and were shocked to see these signs which the Muslims carried with the flag. Pakistan in the Gulf.
In the second half, Amlarem Social Club beat Thangbuli YSWC 1-0 in the 63rd minute.
The report was signed by the Chairman of the Opposition Manstudy Nongrem, HSPDP MDC Leader Teilinia Thangkhiew, KHNAM MDC Leader Adelbert Nongrum and HSPDP MDC Leader Adelbert Nongrum. Shillong, Lber 30: The date for the border talks between the Chief Minister of Assam and Meghalaya is not because of their own wishes but, according to reports, This is because the Prime Minister's Office of Narendra Modi has asked them to sit down to resolve the border dispute.
When we read books written by others, we should not be merely readers without understanding.
and we see no more, neither can we tell.
This includes a 10-month program to showcase the uniqueness of villages like Sakhain which is about 5 km south of Sutnga village in East Jaintia Hills District.
Rajiv Gandhi University is located in Arunachal Pradesh.
The court also said that there is no ban on the mining of coal if it is mined in accordance with the rules of law.
Midford Ryngksai passed away today.
When asked about the rectification of the border between Assam and Meghalaya, the Minister said that the steps taken to rectify the border area are because the residents of the border areas have mad too much trouble.
The Run For Science will be held on the 26th June 2024 from Dulongnar to the NSCA Indoor Stadium from 6 pm.
They also expressed that they no longer trust the police, because at the time of the shooting, the police did not help or protect them, which has led them to protest, in order to urge the government should take action against them.
Shillong, March 28: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNPF) has demanded that the two SPs of East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills District should remove the UB Constable of West Jaintia Hills District. sha East Jaintia Hills.
St. Peter & Paul, Parish Pynthorumkhrah on Tuesday concluded the celebration of the Silver Jubilee with a thanksgiving service by the Archbishop of Shillong, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh who was the chief guest. Holy Mass.
The 10km marathon was attended by men and women, youth and adults.
The ceremony will be held at Madan Iewrynghep, Laitumkhrah after the end of the march which will start at 4:30 pm. participate as a Kongsan.
In the women's category, Tanishka Bhatia of Delhi came first with 685 points, Kamid Saini of Delhi came second with 682 points and Ekta Rani of Delhi scored 681 points.
“ The One telling from the beginning the finale, and from long ago the things that have not been done, saying, 'My counsel will stand and I shall do all my pleasure,' from the east, to a man of my purpose from a far country; I have spoken, and I will do it; I have purposed, and I will do it; I have purposed, and I will do it.
She said that the search has not stopped and they have been searching in many places until now.
Out of the 59 votes after Adelbert Nongrum failed to vote, 39 votes went to Dr Kharlukhi and Kennedy received 19 votes and 10 votes were rejected.
What is more shocking for Laitkor SC is that all 11 of their players on the pitch have fought exactly as they were asked to do on the pitch.
Shylla said that during his tenure as CEM, August Shangpliang was the Secretary. “August is an honest officer and you cannot convince him if it is not the way to go. Welljune is an officer who can do whatever he wants, for that reason they have removed Shangpliang as Secretary of the Legislative and Welljune as Secretary of the Executive. “I don't think they can do whatever they want,” said Bah Shylla.
It was under his wise leadership that the Seng was able to start the Shad Suk Mynsiem within the Seng Khasi Mawlai in
“There should be a guideline from the political authorities to make the police department crack down on terrorism.
The semi final match between Chutwakhu and Lion was spectacular but due to lack of scoring opportunities, Lion lost to the final.
Through this tournament, the winners of the tournament will be selected to take part in the Shillong Arm Fight – All India Championship 2023 to be held in November this year.
On the same day, the Showroom JN Suzuki celebrated Christmas by holding a Christmas Carol which started from the Showroom at Mawblei and passed through Laitumkhrah, Khyndai Lad, Polo, Mawlai and and it came to Mawblei.
MePDCL has already inspected and identified the site for the substation inside the compound of the Ingdorbar and the work to supply electricity is progressing well.
Other EMs are Shiliang MDC Ruda-io Tang, War West MDC Het Pothmi, Musniang Rngad MDC Phasmon Dkhar and Mowkaiaw MDC Winning Garland Sungoh.
The Cabinet also approved the implementation of the Meghalaya State Health Policy.
If you don't work with the authorities to eradicate the disease...How can it help you?Whoever looks at himself sees that others are looking at him, o sorry I don't mean to say that someone who is stupid accuses others of being stupid.
The Minister also congratulated all those involved in the construction of the health center in Lawbah to provide services not only to the area but also to the surrounding areas.
In the fourth quarter, even the snake understood how to save itself and the incident happened in the floods yesterday;  in the capital of the Philippines, where the country, has been hit by the Vamco flood.
Although the religious groups demand the repeal of the Act, the rulers will not listen but will continue as they did with the voice of the people at that time and the border protesters today.
Referring to the ruling NPP government, the then MP who is also the prime minister, said that he has now pledged to release the coal mining if his party comes. They promised that if they came to power, they would immediately complete the Mining Policy to mine coal, due to the inability of the government at that time to formulate even a Mining Policy.
“We have sent a reply to the state government for 10 months now after it asked for clarification on the Bill but we have not received any reply yet,” said Bah Nongrum.
When the match ended in a 2-2 draw, the winner was taken by a penalty shoot-out in which Shillong won the title. to 5-4 col.
After this, there was also a discussion on agriculture.
Then Jesus opened the second book.
At the same time, he also asked the Seng Riewlum who are working in the MDA government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma.
However, emergency service vehicles were allowed to pass.
If anything, the new government will include the BJP as well as these like-minded national parties.
The Pharisees therefore said among themselves, Perceive ye how ye prevail nothing? Behold, the world is gone after him.
Jowai also has the right to a proper garbage dump.
In Group-B, Rangdajied United FC will play against Ladthadlaboh SC at 2:30pm.
Therefore, he encouraged the youth of Mawkyrwat to strive for the goal of bringing about the welfare of the village and to be brave enough to develop their skills in the struggles. much like in sports and especially in education.
Sumitra Rabha has lodged an FIR at Jakhalabandha PS, Nagaon district, Assam.
However, after a while, especially after Bah Basaiawmoit left the post, the khar die shana who blocked the road, flooded again.
In addition to the enactment, promulgation and implementation of laws, inspectors or judges have been appointed to ensure that the laws work properly and are followed strictly.
This spirit has increased even among the elders when they tell stories about the Hill State struggle.
She has represented the State in many competitions including the National Games, Malabar River Festival and Tawangchu Tides Festival in Arunachal Pradesh.
She said that in the agricultural sector, the income is not what the people of the state expect.
He said the government will sit down to think and estimate how much will be spent for the improvement and renovation of all the buildings built during the tenure of PA Sangma in the state.
Nongstoiñ, July 27: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council Mawshynrut Circle on Saturday launched another office, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council Mawshynrut Circle. .
He said that this was the recommendation of the MM Puncchi Commission which was set up in 2007 and the Commission has submitted its report to the Standing Committee and the Standing Committee has looked into it.
They also asked MD.Moynal Hoque, the driver of the truck, whose truck it was. The driver admitted that the truck was owned by the driver of the truck. The truck belongs to the same factory and the Seng said that there is another truck belonging to the factory with the number AS 01 EC
A group of 29 climbers and nine mountaineering instructors of the Nehru Institute of Mountaineering (NIM) Uttarkashi District, Uttarakhand have been buried alive in the collapse of a volcano while They were returning from the climb of Mount Draupadi Ka Danda on the 4th of this month at 8:45 pm.
The government department today conducted a training program on earthquake safety at Chengkom Medical Secondary School, Ampati. School Williamnagar, East Garo Hills District, Resubelpara Government School, North Garo Hills and ha Bolchugre Secondary School, Tura, West Garo Hills.
The State Government on Tuesday announced the release of Rs 169 crore for the payment of Pre-Matric and Post Matric Scholarships to the students of Meghalaya. that the group and the students have vowed to hold a protest on Friday.
In the trees we sdien the money.
At least 50,000 people attended the rally, and the turnout of the people along with the shouting of ILP shouted the spirit of the Sengbhalang leaders and the support of the people. It was decided to intensify the protests in the coming days.
The meeting will be held on the 23rd of this month at 12 noon.
Shillong: Many passengers have complained about the heavy traffic jam from Wahkdait to Tamabil village almost every day. They went to the trucks, carrying the stone, so that they could unload the goods to Tamabil.
The polling will be held on the 11th of June and the re-polling day will be on the 23rd of June.
“Every time we hold such tournaments we have to pay T.23,000 to SAI for two days and we pay T.20,000 for security and if there is a loss of equipment we have to pay from this is security.
The inspection was conducted by the Enforcement Wing of the council at all foreign-run businesses from the Fire Brigade to Laitumkhrah Market.
On the same day at 11:30 pm, Ladrymbai Police Station arrested six trucks No.ML04A belonging to Shemlang Shylla, ML10-2977 belonging to Hamarbamut Nongtein. Moophlang, ML05D-8525 collided with Sinder Marboh of Puriang, ML10-2125 collided with Jesonwell Marboh of Puriang, ML04 9642 collided with Sliangmon Phawa of Wapungskur and ML04A-4417 collided with Harland.
The allegations are why the new CEM targets only the Trade Department, which is the most powerful department in the District Council? Out of the 29 MDCs, if we count the population of both sides, 32/33 MDCs.
Torak Kharpran, one of the boxing coaches of the Sports Authority of India, has been selected as one of the coaches and managers of the team. IBA Elite Men's World Boxing Championships
The residents have requested the authorities to take action against this incident so that it will not put the residents in trouble.
Furthermore, Bah Pangniang said that Maieid Hoping has left behind many fields and works so that this heritage will take care of all these things that Maieid has led.
However, the Prime Minister said the government can release this cut from the budget for those departments which are more adequate.
One of his plays is that he portrays a teacher, who is the President of the country and this is a play that attracts the attention of the people of the country.
When they reached their villages, they erected trees.
The Government has already appointed seven members of a task force including officials of the Delhi Pollution Control Committee (DPCC) to monitor and take action against the production of waste from factories. are in the city.
Looking back at this river, I remember when we were children, this river was clean and bigger where we could go to bathe, to bathe in times of drought. At present, there are anthropogenic/economic activities surrounding the river such as the construction of houses, farmland, quarrying.
At BRDC, officers explained through presentations on Apical Rooted Cutting (ARC), the methods used to produce rice seeds through plants.
This was further confirmed when it agreed on the decision to arrest two Reuters journalists.
Mahbubul Hoque, Chancellor of USTM, Prof. Anil Kumar Sharma, Director of IAMC, officers, doctors, teachers and students were also present on the occasion.
At Pihahiroth a group of slaves cried out because the Red Sea had blocked their way.
Raising this in the Legislative Assembly, the MLA said that even the central government has already abolished the personal interview since 2016 in which 23 states and 8 Union Territories have abolished the personal interview. the decision was implemented.
Don't be afraid to spread the current Corona virus because it is in a very dangerous state – besides being able to hide itself, it can also survive many times even after people have recovered.
Surprisingly, even doctors who have completed their MBBS course from the state have to sit for both the written examination and the personal interview conducted by the MPSC. to have two modes of appointment for the same post.
The Dorbar Shnongs of Jalyiah and Pamrakmai expressed their gratitude to these leaders and Monwanmi Dkhar who donated foodgrains to the people of these two villages.
He said that the Monitoring Committee has revealed that many of the families have been left in the gram sevaks and blocks in the past and for many years but now they have been included in the gram sevaks and blocks. they were active participants in village committees.
Guwahati: The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) on Tuesday clarified that it has not authorized the Assam government to arrest and punish four editors. , because they oppose the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill,
The Taliban today issued a new decree banning all men from wearing headscarves and banning all shops from wearing headscarves. and it was established, according to the Shariah law of Muslims.
Furthermore, some of them have also built shops to rent to others.
Police have also warned those people who used to sell illegally drugs not to do so again, as the police will continue to conduct such surprise raids.
In the Third Division, Mawnianglah beat Lumpyngngad 5-0, Pohkseh beat Umphyrnai 0-0 and Umphrup beat Young XI 1-0
Those who attended the opening ceremony included Ken Syiem, Syiem of Raid Marwet, Minister of Mylliem Hima, Basan Nongkseh, Minister of Langstieh and others.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Metbah expressed his satisfaction with the transformation of the hospital compared to previous years.
The death toll in Assam has risen to 1753 and the number of cases has risen to 5803 today, including 1481 in Guwahati alone.
He said that in Nongmynsong, 1001 people have been tested negative and all of them are negative, while in Mawpat, the health department will start testing. Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, said that the village has been close to the BSF. He said that so far there has been no community spread in the state, but the most affected district is in Khanapara and other areas adjacent to Assam.
He said that he does not want to talk much at present but he will stand up against the Congress when the time comes.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 20: The KSU Rimuliang Circle on Friday under the leadership of its President Samla Biangboy Sangriang, visited the Ri-Muliang C&RD Block.
GUWAHATI: The Assam government has vowed to dismiss 102 heads of schools in the state, due to the poor results of the class 10 examination. these schools.
Regarding the Indian citizenship of Tibetans, who have come to live in India, Adilbert said that KHNAM will not allow and will not sleep because once they They have become citizens of India and have the right to vote, which means that they have become citizens.
In fact, the deadline for receipt of applications for those who wish to contest MP elections was scheduled by the MPCC to be on the 5th but has been postponed to the 6th to allow Bah Lyngdoh to submit his nomination papers. leaf.
Shillong: The Budget Session of the Legislative Assembly will commence from 8th to 22nd October except holidays.
Rasali was arrested by BSF troops from the border while he was trying to smuggle into India from the India-Bangladesh border.
In the 65kg category, Soshim Kasar (St.Edmund's College) won by defeating Enstone R.Marak (Shillong Commerce College).
Regarding the allegation by the HNYF that up to T.3 crore has been wasted on the repair of the old road, Bah Teibor said, “After receiving the No Objection Certificate ( NoC) from the PWD department, as it is a road that has been built since the time of the French, the road has been badly damaged and in 2019 we have submitted a Work Order to improve the road.
The Brahmaputra Valley Fertilizer Corporation Limited (BVFCL) has conducted a drone demonstration at Mylliem, East Khasi Hills district to demonstrate the benefits of using technology to improve agriculture.
In another match, Laitjem CC, which tied first, scored 146 runs in 20 overs for the loss of six wickets.
These children escaped from the prison on Thursday morning.
Nongstoiñ: The family members of a 65-year-old woman from Nongsba, Nongsba, yesterday lodged a complaint against a man named Melkhi Dkhar, 20, for allegedly raping her. He raped the woman and tried to rape her daughter, but she escaped.
The present time in which we live is the longest time.
Speaking as the chief guest, Wailadmiki Shylla promised to donate T.3 lakh and T.15 lakh through the Prime Minister for the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the WJDSA to hold programs throughout the year.
Shillong, July 25: The Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) will celebrate the Republic Day tomorrow. to register the names of the people and to write on the walls throughout the places.
The stars have children Maddox, 17, Pax, 15, Zahara, 14, Shiloh, 12 and two 40-year-olds, Knox and Vivienne.
The championship is also part of the selection process for the 44th Chess Olympiad 2022 to be held in Chennai from 28th November to 10th July
Shillong, November 18: Police on Thursday raided the Marvelenes Inn Hotel owned by the son of Bah HDR Lyngdoh, Minister of State for Home Affairs, Rilbong. and an employee was arrested on suspicion of involvement in the trafficking of a minor woman for prostitution.
Guwahati, Nailar 12: The All Assam Students Union (AASU) has burnt the India-Bangladesh agreement signed by the Prime Minister Dr. Mammohon Singh in November this year. past.
Polo, ended in a draw without anyone being able to score.
The district authorities have announced that no one will be allowed to disrupt the traffic on the highway or carry any weapons in the area around the secretariat.
The Sohra MLA said that the PHC in Laitlyngkot needs to be provided with more medicines and doctors as it is one of the most needed health centers in the area which is also located near the National Highway. Highway Shillong-Dawki.
It was only after the political parties and civil society groups had strongly opposed that the Government could not refuse to stop this one.
“But there is nothing more.
Rev. Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh urged that this nation should become more numerous so that it will not disappear from this populous country of India.
“As a region where there are many unemployed Khasi youth, if all the jobs in the country are sent abroad, where else will the Khasi youth go to work,” said Bah Alfred. Priest.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The Synroplang Self Help Group (SSHG) Mawpat, which started collecting waste materials, has reached another milestone in its journey in just eight years. this this.
Things will come to an end and a time of tribulation will come worldwide.
India is taking steps to protect critical areas.
It is worth mentioning that East Khasi Hills District has a lot of talented badminton players who have the hope to improve and keep pace with the badminton players in India.
At the time of the fire, the Minister was not at home.
The Unit Leaders who attended the program were Pet Dhar, Julius Lyngdoh, Carefully Gassah, Teilangki Rymbai, Sonniwel Shylla and Adiam Bthuh. Scouts Master, Guides Captain Caredaline Kharbhih, Barisha Muthoh, Morinda Myrphet, Grecorisa Sana, Aidasuk Warlarpih, Stamlish Hinge, Sngi Hadia, Barisha Muthoh, Siami Shylla, Lamisakani Dkhar, Chwadaka D .Laloo and Marjuri Thma.
Prestone said they are waiting for a reply from the HNLC and at the next meeting the chairman or general secretary should attend the discussion.
To prevent this crime, the Government of India has launched the Indian Cyber ​​Crime Coordination Center (14C) scheme and through the National Cyber ​​Crime Reporting Portal www.cybercrime.
The Forum invites individual believers, families, groups and churches in their homes and communities to dedicate an hour of time for a special prayer meeting at 8.00 – 9.00pm ) on 01/05/2
The PFR has opened this training camp for boys and girls aged 4 to 18 years from Ri Bhoi District.
He said that the government has recently launched the website meghamart.com so that local entrepreneurs can check the prices of their customers.
The threat is real according to scientists and experts and it is only by following the health protocols and taking this vaccine that we can be saved. from the danger of this disease.
However, although he graduated with a low rank, he worked hard and succeeded until he became a High School Teacher from 1905 to
He said the approval of the Central Government to release T.2000 crore for the implementation of the JJM scheme in Tripura for the year 2023-2024 is more than the amount allocated by the JJM scheme. The Central Government has released it in the last 3 years.
Nongpoh: U Ermender Wahlang, Vice-President of the HNYF Jirang Circle, on Tuesday said that there are many illegal logging factories in many parts of the Jirang area. Most of these factories have smuggled timber to Assam.
He said that the order was issued after seeing that many car manufacturing factories have been set up along the road which has disrupted the traffic.
It is just a public mistake, when the government has the money to appoint retired officers to other departments or as advisors to the MLAs who have won elections and hold festivals, why doesn't it have them? ? The Movement asked.
Speaking to reporters, u Nehemayah said that after receiving complaints from many residents and the traffic jam on this road, he took action by starting the road maintenance today.
The Hony Secretary of the SSA, Bah SS Rapthap, said that the reason why the tournament committee has not held all the divisions this year is because the government authorities have not allowed them to hold the tournament. This decision is still in force and it is not known when it will be cancelled.
These seizures come 10 months after the seizure of 3 kilograms of heroin by the Anti-Narcotics Task Force of Mizoram Police.
Thousands of Indians living in Nepal and its border have left the country to return to India after the earthquake struck on Saturday.
He also urged the authorities to take action on the issues of the students in terms of accommodation.
He said that what has angered all the employees of EMRI is that the GVK which is in charge of the operation of 108 Ambulances in the state has not respected even the High Level Committee. All 108 Ambulances from 43 locations across Meghalaya have arrived in Shillong today. They were taken to the EMRI office in Lawmali while the keys of the vehicles were seized by the drivers of the 108 ambulances.
“The investigation is ongoing, the body of the deceased (Bah Roning) was buried today (at Shillong Civil Hospital) and the body was taken home where the body will be buried tomorrow (Sunday),” he said. said Bah Tynsong, who is also the MLA of Pynursla Constituency.
The PAC has directed the DC to take responsibility for correcting these wrongdoings and also to take responsibility for the refund of the money. wrongful payment to others who are not the rightful owners of the land.
He said that the organization of these games frees the youth from many evils and to produce players from these areas.
Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLA of East Shillong, has spent T.25 lakh from her MLA Scheme for the purchase of food items. Lambor Malngiang, MLA of Nongkrem Constituency, has spent T.20 lakh to purchase and distribute foodgrains to the residents of the constituency during the curfew. T.5 lakh to purchase medicines to prevent the spread of the disease or sanitizers and others.
Areas affected by Left Wing Extremism or Maoists, aspirational districts and border areas of the country have been looked into to provide these transmitters.
This was announced by AAP Meghalaya Secretary Anthony Lyngdoh.
Earlier, Roikupar said that the protest is indefinite and to force the government to look into their demands which have been happening for more than a year today. The 108 Ambulances were sent to the EMRI office at Lawmali.
Congress candidate Gurmeet Singh Koonar has died while undergoing treatment at AIIMS-Delhi, party leaders said today. Everyone.
The Alto 800 has the number plate ML 10 C-0596 and the Mahindra Supro has the number plate ML 10 C-1
They can never think outside the political realm," he said.
Sagar Sharma, son of Shankarlal Sharma, entered the House at the invitation of Mysuru MP Pratap Sinha.
Indeed, fifty years have passed and we must also ask, how far has the State grown? How well have the residents managed? Have you lived in peace and quiet? Who's heavy crate? Have you bitten your income? On the other hand, we thank and honor our ancestors who worked hard and suffered to create and develop the State.
Thousands of documents and materials of the university have been seized by the CID in the past months as well as forged documents of students.
The reasons why I say this are:=
“The RRC is for the villages that have places to dispose of waste properly, and it will also be a place to explain to the people that the RRC will be a way to unemployment and money laundering from the poor"
However, over the years, the number of students increased and in 1994 it was upgraded to Middle English School and in 1998 it was upgraded to Secondary School.
The areas where the state government has left behind are Umtyrnga area followed by Nongspung A and Nongspung B. These villages are still lagging behind in all aspects, while the Assam government in Pilingkatta has provided the needs of the people.
He said that they don't want to charge too much because they want the poor to have the opportunity to watch Khasi programmes.
The JAC, which had planned to hold a protest in front of Namdong PHC, has decided to cancel after a call by Dr T Suchiang in charge of the PHC and informed that the DMHO office has taken action to meet the demands. “We have decided to stop the protest because the DMHO office has promised to meet the shortcomings of Namdong PHC,” said JAC Chairman DS War.
According to the legend, the Thma Nar arose from the fraud in the transportation and sale of silver to Shilot at the time when Haiñ Syiem was the chief of Mawmluh of the Nongkhlaw Hima. of Haiñ Syiem, he cleaned the bad silver bought from elsewhere and mixed it with the good silver produced from Rangjyrteh and Mawmluh and shipped it to Shatok and Shilot.
This law shall not apply until it is proclaimed.
In another incident, Pangrak S Sangma lodged a complaint that on the night of 24th June, robbers stole his motorcycle (AS-01DM-2723) from the parking lot at Tura Civil Hospital.
Dr Marbaniang said that as citizens of the country they come to the meeting to discuss according to the Constitution of the country and there is no politics.
When I went to Garo Hills, the land owners came forward, they went forward with the investigation to find out who the coal owners are working, and this means that the state government is not working fully in finding out the illegal trade and to investigate whether such things really exist," he said.
The Director of Education and Literacy, Ambrose CH Marak, said that he has received the order from the government on Thursday.
She was found dead at her home where her husband, Bah Trophius Nongbri, admitted that she had taken her own life by shooting.
At a meeting held at the residence of Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh, President of the HSPDP, the committee was dissolved.
Thank you,John F Kharshiing,Adviser & SpokespersonFederation of Khasi States.
The spiritual belief in God also moves from myths to the reality of the real world according to modern science.
The DMO's office has found that the challans of Bison Shylla and Tuifill Shadap are sufficient and have already sent them to the Directorate. DC.
These photographs were taken on 1st November 2020 and experts who looked at the photographs confirmed that there was construction of houses on the border of Arunachal Pradesh.
Like other states in the Northeast including Nagaland, they have already started medical colleges in their respective states.
It is the responsibility of those who believe that they have had a conversation with Brahmananda Reddy.
The State Government has tried to assist the parents of those students who still have children who are still stranded in Manipur to use the Helpline No.1800-345-3 information relating to their children and the situation in Manipur.
The meeting was attended by the party leaders including South Tura Block President Lonerson Ch Marak, State Level General Secretary CN Sangma and State Working President SB Sangma.
He said that on this agreement, they will issue a Memorandum of Understanding between KHADC and UCIL, confirming that once the work is implemented, UCIL will not You shall not pay the fees to the Contractor, through the KHADC from time to time, as the work has not been carried out by the contractor appointed by the KHADC. The road will continue without discussing whether or not to mine uranium.
Speaking to reporters, leaders of three political parties in Byrnihat, including Ricky Chyne, President of FKJGP, Maitlynti Klein, President of KSU and Vigian Kharkongor, President of RBYF, said: They said that the reason why they have urged the Rangbah Shnongs is because they are afraid that some Rangbah Shnongs will issue ID cards to people from outside the state. It is located in Assam.
The illegal miners were identified as Nar Bahadur Chubba, Sane Momin and Anton Ch Marak. They said that the owner of the mine is Henin Sangma from Jadi village.
Nongpoh, July 12: The residents of dozens of villages from Bhoirymbong to Kyrdem have faced difficulties in coming and going due to the deterioration of the road. you're looking for you.
In the evening, the children of Chilliang Raij (Khon Raij) took the Symbood Khnong from the forest with a lot of joy and happiness. New Hill Jowai.
To date, JETS 24×7 with a Permit is the first Aggregator in Meghalaya to serve the public through Bike Taxis.
The incident occurred at around 7 pm when the 15-year-old boy went fishing with his friends in the river.
Textiles Secretary, Ravi Capoor, in his speech, said that India is a small country compared to the world market and has a huge opportunity in terms of employment in the field of employment. apparel company (textiles sector).
In the midst of these changes in the world, we see that the Word of God is stable and is being fulfilled here on earth and many things have been fulfilled and are being fulfilled and are about to be fulfilled.
There are 8 Maruti vehicles contracted with the government to transport pregnant women and out of these, 3 are driven by women.
Before the attack on the Additional SP, there was also an attack on the office of the SP of Churachandpur a few days ago.
It does not speak specifically for any ethnic group, but for those who are lagging behind among the residents as far as possible, regardless of religion, ethnicity, gender, wherever they inherit. wherefore, they shall have the right to work, without discrimination or discrimination.
During its stop, the IEC van gave training to the people on various development initiatives launched by the Government of India for the state.
JOWAI: A fire broke out at the office of the Assistant Agricultural Engineer, Jaintia Hills near North Liberty HSS School at Ladthadlaboh, Jowai at 12:30 AM this morning. the office.
JOWAI: U Sanbor Shullai, MP candidate of the BJP from Shillong Seat, has promised to set up schools and hospitals in Jaintia Hills on par with those in urban areas of the country. service to the people of the area.
Speaking to media, he said that only those who have registered themselves can return to their villages.
If this continues, every session of the Dorbar will be beautiful and the people will benefit especially now that the people can watch the debate inside the Dorbar not only on TV but also on mobile phones.
" Leviticus 20:13
The incident happened while Ali was on his way to deposit the company's money at the Punjab National Bank at Marwaripatty, Nagaon.
The fee paid by these residents in Nongsder is the same as those in Pyllun and the fee paid directly to Bih Stied except in the month of June. Patricia said.
However, the bridge was destroyed after the floods last year.
Rabon is accused of being one of the GNLA members involved in the kidnapping and murder of a state policeman Kamraj Bhattarai, who was abducted on November 6, however, his body was recovered from a forest a month after his abduction.
They were taken to the Civil Hospital Nongstoin for treatment.
China's National Health Commission first announced the confirmation of the virus on 13 November.
He said that the East Jaintia Hills District Police Department will continue to be vigilant and will continue to fight against drug trafficking, as the police department conducts awareness programs from time to time. will not only end in awareness programs but will also work with surveillance activities to curb drugs which causes problems not only to the affected families, but also to the peace and order in the villages. and in society as a whole.
Islam was allegedly not detained by the police and escaped while being taken to the police quarter in Tura on Friday morning.
"I'm asking my leaders for advice on this," she said.
There will also be families who have lost their jobs or jobs just to work for the candidates.
“Merlvin Mukhim, expressing his pleasure to take part in the festival, said, “This is an important opportunity and opening in my career as a tyngshop.
Besides the marriage of Khasi girls, the inter state influx in Meghalaya is that our people speak their own Dkhar language and make the mynder who come to invade the village feel the same and don't have that foreign feeling.
Many protests have been raised against the BJP-led Central Government's plan to implement the UCC across the country.
Hek said the government has agreed with the Dorbar Shnong to build a TB Hospital on the site.
“The BJP is not a religious party like others, but we believe in the Constitution of the country, we tell the people that we will not discriminate against anyone under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi,” he said. “The party respects the beliefs of all groups,” Kohli said.
However, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, said that the patients go to private hospitals not because they don't have enough but because they want more examinations.
Speaking to media, KSU General Secretary Donald V Thabah said that the KSU has received information that the sports department will repair the Tirot Singh Indoor Stadium.
“We as Fire Fighters will try to help,” he said. “The Firefighters tried to get water to extinguish the fire but it could not be extinguished properly because the tin was covered from above. "It's time to fight," said one of the firefighters.
However, in the absence of what was written, it has led to announcement problems in which many have expressed their opposition.
In many places we find the presence of many small blue-coloured silver stones and recognize them as ancient silver stones.
Those who attended the function included Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh who was the chief guest, Bah BS Teron, President of AMKA, Bah Deren Bay, President of Karbi Students Association Meghalaya, Rangbah Shnong. , AMKA office bearers and thousands of Karbi people living in Meghalaya.
Hek, who is the Minister of State, has emerged as one of the candidates for the MP election if the party wins this time.
Jaka thew pounds : Field Owner.
He said that the reason why the government has taken this step to upgrade the Byrnihat Hospital is after the demand of the MLA to upgrade the hospital. that it really deserved to be promoted, because it was a health center that had to serve a lot of people.
“There were a total of 44 people who died as a result of extreme heat and others from exposure to other diseases, while 39 people died as a result of they have suffered many kinds of illnesses," the report said.
If you explain the constitution of the country it should be from the beginning to the end".
Even the dewbilat factory here is Mawmluh Cherrapunjee Cement Limited.
On the other hand, u Wailadmiki Shylla has promised to implement the issues he has raised during the election campaign and the issue he wants to achieve is to introduce another Water Supply Scheme especially in the city. Jowai to provide water to all the households in Jowai city as well as to upgrade the Civil Hospital from District Hospital to State Hospital. implementation of the BEd College which has been relocated to Kiang Nangbah and other development projects.
She shared her views on the style of writing prose, the language used by the author, as well as the involvement in the development of the story.
On the need to provide mobile towers in Kenbah and Kenmynsaw villages in Mawsynram Block to facilitate the manufacturers through the trees of these villages as requested by the Mawsynram MLA, the Minister said that the State Government has A letter has been sent to the Ministry of Technology (DOT) for the list of 1613 villages, including these villages of Mawsynram.
The student who got MBBS through the state quota is Ayush Kumar and his parents work in a dewbilat factory and the village has issued a citizenship certificate for only six months.
Shillong: Speaking at the KHADC Dorbar on the decision taken by CEM HS Shylla to change the name of the KHADC to UKHADC, Mawsynram MDC Pynshngain N Syiem said that the KHADC has decided to change the name of the KHADC to UKHADC. Too many amendments and amendments to what does not exist will lead to the abolition of Para 12B as the District Council has abolished Para 12B. , we don't know what else to lose,” said Bah Pynshngain.
Khongji said that the allegation between the Kieng Atiar and the police is unknown and it is here that they say, “When the elephants fight, the elephant dies. this is the plant of the tree.
There is no denying the fact that as human beings, many of us do not want to grow old or lose our physical strength.
The Central Government should establish the problem faced by the Zo people if they sign the India-Myanmar border and remove the FMR. Lalduhoma and opposition leader Lalchhandama Ralte of the Mizo National Front (MNF) in the House passed the resolution.
Before I finish this little question, may this coming Christmas be a Christmas of God's peace to have a spirit of love and forgiveness to each other with songs. praise God with thanksgiving.
“The government will continue to implement schemes that will benefit the people, the government will continue to improve what they have done in the past five years so that the people can benefit from the projects. which the government implements,” said Conrad.
This became an attempt by force to control the civil liberties rights of the people.
The discussions should be more extensive to look at the system of census so that it does not endanger the future generations of the nation.
It may be recalled that the blue turning of the Lukha River and the death of fish in the river first happened in June 2007 and since then the turning of the river and the death of fish has continued till now.
Six persons, four civilians and two policemen of the Umram Battalion were seriously injured in the incident.
He also blessed the school to continue to grow in all aspects and to produce many children who will become intellectuals and young people with goals in life.
It is we who created 666, not anyone else.
“What I know is that the Council has allocated only T.20 lakh to the KHCF for the Monolith Festival as a platform to promote the culture and traditions of the Khasi Khara people. I don't have any information about other departments or companies”.
It was decided to withdraw these 2000 notes from circulation.
When the child found the insect on his plate, he immediately informed the teachers and principals of the school.
Referring to the contribution of Rev. Nichols Roy for the introduction of the 6th Schedule to protect the people, Bah Pynshngaiñ said that he is a man who has seen far ahead of the problems faced by the people of Rev. Nichols Roy. and for this reason he has decided how to introduce the 6th Schedule to protect the minority.
The meeting should not end without more revenue for the state.
“In Meghalaya, I personally and the group have been very careful because we know that the TMC leaders have spoken to the BJP many times.
God spoke through King Solomon son of David, King of Israel.
There are MLAs who use this scheme to distribute medicines or medical treatment to the people.
“Now we have many leaders who are able to rule themselves.
Regarding the money recharged by the people in the area, the HYC said that the money recharged by the people using BSNL in the area should not be recharged. should be returned to the public as the action of BSNL is unforeseeable.
Myrthong, Chairman of the Union of Land Owners of the area, said that the CEM was not invited but it was decided to meet the CEM at an emergency meeting of the Executive Committee of the JAC. Speaking to reporters, it is understood that they have postponed the decision taken at the general meeting in Nongstoin but they have invited the CEM and Bah Hadrian Lyngdoh Chairman of the Special Committee of KHADC to leave. They said that if the CEM does not answer or inform them, they will come to meet him again. Now.
When asked how the money was spent to build the bad buses, Naik said the money was spent from the revenue collected and this was done by the contractors.
The traffic police saw the Dkhar lying lyngkrang on the road and thought he was drunk.
I remember the story of a shrieh when he saw the people scattered and they didn't finish but they went to eat first, this shrieh in wisdom went to do like those people but he was caught. "But yourself," said Ksan's father.
According to the FSSAI standard, the water should have a pH value between 6.5 to
The Dorbar Shnong Lapangap on Monday urged the neighboring villages to unite and come out if there is any threat from the Karbi in the future especially in the villages. the fields of the fields are theirs.
On the part of the Waheh Shnong of Lumshnong, Monlang Ladong, he supported the company and said that Star Cement has worked for the development of the area and the residents.
Similarly, the Khasi Authors' Society, which was established by the Khasi Authors' Society, has been suspected of having problems with the Ministry of Home Affairs in fighting to introduce the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
General Secretary KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit.
The 29th July is also the birthday of this great man to take stock of the health and development of the country.
This is reflected in the Financial Accounts and Appropriation Accounts for the year 2022-23 shown in the CAG report for Meghalaya.
Swami Sama Chittanandaji Maharaj, President of Ramakrishna Mission, Singapore, delivered a speech on the importance of religion, human relationships, education and culture in life. of people.
They said that on 25th June, 2017, the KHADC has ordered him to hold a dorbar within 45 days and they will wait for him to call. The people of the Raid department will respond to your actions.
The Ministry is taking necessary steps to provide support to the States/UTs to control the disease, including financial assistance and technical assistance.
At the same time, the union also said that it is necessary to build or repair this bridge, which has been damaged in the past months due to the heavy rainfall. doesn't.
He said that on his part as a leader and the VPP will continue to fight on this issue for the future of the youth of the state and will never rest from this responsibility which they have taken since initiative.
Meanwhile, Shangpung Moosyiem and Lutituber have been relegated to the Second Division of the WJDSA after not playing well this season. They beat Moosalyngkat 2-0 and Wahiajer beat Khliehiongriang 1-0
Bring's body was found in the morning and was immediately taken to Bhoirymbong CHC where he was pronounced dead.
In another incident, the office of the PWD department at Nongpoh and the office of the Veterinary Integrated Cattle Development Department at Umling in Ri Bhoi district, were destroyed by a petrol bomb blast by robbers at 10:0 curfew this morning.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the first decision taken today, during a meeting with the MLAs, is to create COVID-1 -19 Committees, in each constituency where these Committees shall be headed by the MLA of the constituency.
Shillong, Lber 08 : U Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma on Thursday inspected the construction of the new Legislative Assembly at Mawdiangdiang and at the same time held a follow-up meeting. on the building.
According to the routine, the exam starts on the 20th of June and ends on the 28th of the same month.
She also alleged that after receiving the show cause and suspension order in July, the MPCC has suspended the Presidents of the Block Congress Committee without consulting the MLAs. Shillong Constituency The Congress has not accepted the election.
After this, a march started from Biar Seinraij Muthlong to the office of SKSR-12 Daloi.
Because we are a small and poor state, we have to work hard so that we don't waste money.
The Youth Festival 2023 will also include a Quiz Competition, Skit Competition and a 5 kms race.
“Because of the distance of the Rangbah Shnong of Umsning at that time, he paved the way to build another school in this area and from this school now other schools will come out. in Umsning village which has improved the quality of education in this area”.
Shillong, June 6: U Bijoy Bhusan Dey has lodged a complaint with the Shillong Sadar PS that on the 3rd of this month, a man named Asif Swer has kidnapped his 17-year-old daughter. Last year, in one of his vehicles, he abducted her from BC House, near the Main Secretariat Building, Shillong to Bivar Road.
When the witnesses depose about the Khasi custom of having a Jaid and taking of a Jaid from the mother only, it is not clear whether they mean the Khasis only or also the other tribes like Wars, Bhois, Lyngngams and Syntengs who are reckoned as Khasis but are different from them.
After the dorbar on 11th October, the Rangbah Shnong of Umwai Village sent a letter to the Acting Sirdar of Mawlong to express their strong opposition to the appointment of Acting Sirdar of Bah Homer Sohkhlet. The Acting Sirdar of Mawlong did not accept their opposition to the Sordar who was not elected by the people.
When police raided the camp, they recovered several mobile phones, 72 Simcards and other personal belongings of the militants.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Joint Action Committee of Sohra today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma. The office bearers of the JAC in the presence of the MLA of the constituency, Bah Titos Chyne, urged the Prime Minister to take action to make Sohra a district.
Shillong, Naitung, 05: SSA teachers in the state under the umbrella of the Meghalaya Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan School Association (MSSASA) on Tuesday met with the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui to discuss the issue of demand that the Government should release the salary which has been suspended for three months.
In the first half, Lumkya FC took the lead 2-0 and lasted until the end of the first half.
He said that this is a special day to remember all the achievements of the school in the past decades and it is for the benefit of all that the school should have a vision to move forward and have the goals and aspirations that can bring about a positive change in the education of the students.
“We cannot violate the right of ownership of the land of the indigenous people and we will not allow this at all,” he said. They still get land but if it wasn't for this law our land would have gone into the hands of others,” he said.
Mukhla Raij SC is the last team to qualify for the semifinals of the 18th Above Football League Knockout Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
The Nongkhlaw chiefs who belonged to the Syiemlieh Kur are said to have originated from the Jaintia Hills or Sutnga Hima and came from the Jaintia Hills.
Speaking to reporters, CPC President Naba Bhattacharjee said the CPC is deeply concerned about the environment and the pollution of the Khamram and Umkhrah rivers. Hindi man and year.
Congress leader Rahul Gandhi has admitted that the death toll from the virus has risen to 40 lakh and demanded that the Indian government pay a compensation of Rs 4 lakh to the one family, who have lost loved ones to covid.
Therefore, the black market will also decrease.
The union is deeply saddened by this incident which has put pressure on the students who want to succeed in all aspects especially as the Pre-Selection and Selection are approaching as well as to prepare for others. who examined.
Therefore, the party appeals to the public not to be misled or misunderstood in this regard.
The Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) has announced that it has launched the People's Oxy Bank to install oximeters.
According to the source, there were about 60 troops at the Myanmar army headquarters.
If the people are ready to talk or preach about political issues now, the 2023 elections will also change the face of public administration.
Shillong Lajong FC started their Durand Cup campaign with a 4-0 win over NorthEast United FC in the Indian Super League (ISL). 0 for this club in Shillong.
They also demanded that if the law enforcement agencies do not take action, the search for the robbers will be carried out by the unity of the robbers. the group I Love You who was bombed to death by the crowd.
He said that there has been no replacement of the old ones. He said that there are cases where if half of the residents do not pay for electricity, the whole village loses electricity and this is not true. the government to do so.
In this regard, at the time of writing, the party leadership has not sent any letter of approval on Adhikari's resignation.
Chi survived.
The US, which claims to have fired on the military base at Assad Airbase.
South African President Jacob Zuma has ordered the flag to be raised at half-staff from today and will continue until Mandela's funeral. to be held next Sunday.
Expressing that the Government can no longer continue to raise funds for the MCCL, the Minister said that for the benefit of the employees and the budget, the Government has sought all the means to The Joint Venture has been appointed to operate the dewbilat factory in Mawmluh.
Commander said that although it is a small allocation, it is the beginning of encouraging the film industry as last year the government had allocated only T.5 crore, while now it has allocated only T.5 crore. kick three shah.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Sherphulman Sohshang and was attended by Rangbah Shnong, Longkmie, Youth and the residents.
At present, the salary they receive is not regular because those who hire households in urban areas have a higher salary and as set by the union, those who work in remote areas. “From the city, the bill has been lower and this is due to the government's lack of recognition of the domestic workers,” said Kong Wanpynhun.
The union also demanded the appointment of a member within the MPSC and DSC so that that member can look after the vacancies and allocation in advance for those who lack members when called for recruitment in government departments.
For a while, we have heard of the ban on strict action against the use of plastic and the production of cloth bags in various markets.
All the titles of the above books are free of charge, and the distribution of these books has started from the 15th of this month from the offices of the different blocks.
However, Daniil improved his performance to score a 6-1 victory in the second set and continued to improve his performance to score. They won the third set 7-5 in a match that lasted 2 hours 42 minutes.
There is still plenty of time for you young people to think carefully on this issue and make decisions for your future and your well-being as the saying goes “Youth is a time of choice” (Youth). stage is a stage to choose).
Shillong: The Shillong Premier League 2023 was the final match of the round robin between Mawlai SC and Nangkiew Irat SC on Saturday. Nangkiew beat Nangkiew 6-1 at the SSA Stadium Polo.
The Jaintia Hills Development Society ( Jaintia Hills Development Society ) has taken the initiative to build a house and to increase the production of this foodstuff, which supplied food and drink to the ancient people in the event of natural disasters and insect pests in the fields.
They continued their work despite the heavy rainfall to clear the traffic jam as soon as possible.
“The complainant has requested to extend the investigation, including the allegation of involvement between the State Government and the seven dewbilat companies in question, which will be approved at the next hearing.
The categories for the tournament will be in the Single category for boys and girls under 13 years, while for the Under 15 category (men and women) will be held in Singles and Doubles. 17 years old (men and women) in Singles and doubles, under 19 years old (men and women) in Singles and doubles, Seniors (men and women) – Single, double and Senior and 19 years old in Singles and Doubles. will be played in mixed doubles.
Every day, the passengers on the roads without turning around complain about the heavy traffic jam.
In East Garo Hills, 28 cases, 9 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 101 cases in East Khasi Hills.
Jawahalal Nehru at Jawahalal Bhawan Dr. Rajendra Prasad Road, New Delhi on the 7th of this month, and the theme of the celebration was 'There is no peace without freedom and there is no freedom without peace' to Nehru.
She said that in every life we ​​need to take part in various activities so that we can exercise and get a healthy body not only that it also improves the brain especially as students who are in their studies at various stages.
As soon as the youth fell, the contractors inside the bridge immediately responded as soon as possible to help the youth, by pulling him out of the river, which also carried away the car. He was rushed to Bhoirymbong CHC for treatment, but when he arrived at the hospital, the doctors pronounced him dead.
However, when they arrived at the scene, a Sumo Maxx, which did not have the number plate but was identified as ML-04 A3374, was dropping off the passengers; Suddenly a scooter came out of the road and the Maxx tried to escape from the scooter, but its bumper collided with the vehicle of Dr. Mukul Sangma.
Sniawbhalang Dhar MLA Nartiang Assembly Constituency who is also the Minister of State of Meghalaya and other invited guests will also be present on the occasion.
“I will not allow Meghalaya to be called a 'Sin City', and therefore we will ensure that this Act is repealed”.
He wrote about his discovery in a book entitled 'Man's Search for Meaning'
The tournament is organized by the Laitkor Mawrie Lumheh Football Ground.
However, the Langpih, which is the most important part, has not been affected even slightly.
“It is for this reason that for the first time we have been able to deliver babies in the sub-centres.
Mollie was able to finish the race in 52.63 seconds to beat the top competitors.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said that the expenditure for the year 2020-21 for the second phase of covid has reached T240 crore and this includes the expenditure of the department. He said that this expenditure is for the equipment to be used to treat covid patients including prefab structures, oxygen cylinders and oxygen concentration.
Those who oppose this are those who want the state to be easy to immigrate while those who want to settle in the state.
He received 4600 votes.
Baghpat: Twelve youths have reportedly stabbed a Muslim Imam in the head and forced him to shout 'Jai Shri Ram'
Manchester City have already sent an application to the foreign football club for the expansion of the stadium. The Etihad Stadium has more than 60,000 seats.
Three people in West Bengal have walked out without complying with the SOP. They have booked a taxi from Khliehriat to Jorabat and have been fined T.10,0
He said that the resumption of this economy will improve not only the income in the region but the country as a whole and will also help to improve education and lifestyle as well. .
Joining the BJP is joining Prime Minister Narendra Modi to transform a new India without religious discrimination.
In the church he was a member of the Church Committee from 1978 to 2002 and in June 2003 at the Rangthong Presbytery in the Nonglang Church he was appointed and confirmed as the Elder of the Sakwang Presbyterian Church. .
Jowai, July 11: The Minister in charge of Education, Home Affairs and others today inaugurated the four foundation stones of the Science Block, Academic Block and Library. Block of Nongtalang College and also the Administrative Building and Auditorium of Nongtalang Govt.
Financial assistance of 3000 tyngka to farmers who do not own farmland and financial assistance of 6000 tyngka to fishermen.
In the second half, the match became more intense, as the players of Friend United worked hard to turn the goal, but due to the skill of the players of Lamare FC, Friend United players have been unable to create anything.
He said that childbirth not only affects the health but also affects the desire. For example, if you ask when you are a child what you want to be when you grow up, they will answer that you want to be. Doctors want to become officers but how can they reach that goal if they get married at a young age?
The ban appeared to be something as admitted by Zakir Naik who alleged that senior Indian government officials have met to allow peaceful movement and dismissal of all cases.
Obesity, lack of physical activity, addiction to alcoholic beverages such as alcohol and cigarettes or tobacco are the risk factors for stroke.
The telescope is a giant dish located in Guizhou, northwestern China, the size of 30 football fields.
He said that the shop was taken over by Kong Trilian but later she did not own it. He said that Kong Shim did not pay the rent.
Because the opportunity is always open if the youth have a goal and if they want the best and understand that tomorrow is waiting for the youth,” he concluded.
“In fact, the long-term dorbar is to see how many people are willing to resign from the post of MLA,” he said.
The arrest of the employee of the department came after the police requested the cooperation of the public to inform them if any government officials demand money to do any work.
Even those who buy kyiad from Winestore must not be less than 21 years old and must bring ID to prove their age.
Privilege: privilege is the right to benefit; right is the share of ownership.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has issued a warning for heavy rainfall in several parts of Meghalaya and Assam from from the 14th to the 17th of this month.
Shillong: The trade in Bholaganj or majai has been suspended for more than 10 months due to the fact that the Forest Department of the State Government, through the District Forest Officer (DFO), has not allowed the trade in Majai. I'm going to buy mawshun, and I'm going to go to the market.
Police from Baraigram outpost on Saturday morning took the bodies of the two bodies and sent them to Karimganj Civil Hospital. for the purpose of completing the post-mortem.
At the same time, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, promised to take action on this issue and said that before the construction of the new road to pass through Dawki PHC, the road will be constructed first. Dawki P.H.C.The Taliban have taken over Afghanistan and now they have another job, which is to look for prostitutes. be killed.
On the CAA, I have already explained and Bah Deng has listened, but it remains as I have already explained.
The Governor of Calabria has expressed his deep sorrow over the tragic incident in which many lives have been lost.
Act – Aiñpura A pending Act passed among the members of the Legislative Assembly elected by the people of the State to take part in accordance with the powers of the Legislative Assembly before the enactment of the Act through the legislature. state and signed in accordance with the powers of the Governor of the State for the purpose of implementation in the society.
So because they were not yet Christians, they celebrated Christmas on December 25 each year, imitating the Christmas celebration of King Herod and his soldiers by force. , raping women and children, drinking alcohol, shooting people and screaming like a laren when they get home to rob their children and their wives.
Perhaps it was the fear of the ministers in the government who saw “Ka Jingrwai Prah” as the voice of the people who had begun to think again about how to bring about clean governance.
Before I leave this section, I would like to suggest, to those who know how to calculate, the nitrogen requirement of the crops that we grow in Khasi Jaintia, as follows.
Meanwhile, Bah PN Syiem said that the MDCs have the right to attend any meeting, as it is only for discussion and will meet again next month.
Jeje (born 7 July 1991) was a prominent footballer.
In my tenure as MDC, I have brought more than Rs 100 crore to Mawlai and I intend to serve Mawlai from 2023 if you empower me.
Shillong: The Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan (NYKS) in collaboration with the Pynursla Youth Association (NYKS) in collaboration with the Pynursla Youth Association (NYKS) has celebrated Unity Day today. Heavens Star Mawkon and Ibalarilang Khongsni, in the presence of the National Youth Corp (NYC) of Pynursla Block.
Nongpoh: The Hima Nongwah Mawtamur, Sohiong Lyngdohship, on Saturday held another Dorbar Bah at Umtyrnga, one of the border villages in Ri Bhoi District.
He said that Joypur has two hills, one on the Assam side, which is inhabited by the Rabha, while the West Khasi Hills, which is inhabited by the Garo for hundreds of years. .
However, in small per-sha, you can use wooden rollers.
For us the farmers, we have already received their explanations.
They said that there is a committee to select the best players for the national games.
Any help you need feel free to contact me on facebook, phone, whatsapp.
And of this flesh, the Word of God says, 'That it is the glory of God, and that the Spirit of God dwelleth in it (my and yours), he that destroyeth the temple of God, but God shall destroy him”.1 Corinthians 3:1
KSU invites all the youth of the area to send their names along with mark sheet and birth certificate xerox copy to the Education Secretary of KSU. (Lumshnong), 6003188099 (Umkiang), 7005194298 (Lumshnong), 8794171032 (Huroi), 8787897288 (Sonapyrdi) on or before 07/09/2
“The KSU is also pleased if many young people come to join the KSU, where the purpose of joining the KSU is not only to become full members of the KSU, but part of the KSU. “It is also to train the youth to know how to walk on the path when they have taken up that position as soldiers of the Jaidbynriew to protect the rights of the Jaidbynriew,” said Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni, President KSU North Khasi Hills. Hills District Unit, and added that the organization is deeply saddened by the news that many youths have become addicted to drugs which is destructive not only to themselves but also to themselves. he added.
Leitsuk Pa (Wife) Smt Mila Dkhar (wife) Shri I.Dkhar (son) Smt R Dkhar (son) Miss R Dkhar (son) and brothers (L) Matheus's son Jong's brother and sister.
Conrad also stressed the importance of this program to assist Higher Secondary students with digital learning aids.
In South West Khasi Hills, there are 62 cases, including 36 cases in Pyndenumsaw, 15 cases in Shngimawlein and others.
The Nigerien army has seized power in the country and as soon as they seized it, they have begun to investigate the minister in charge of the finance department and demanded that he answer, about the loss of all the money of that country.
Sohriew is another plant cultivated in Khasi-Jaintia.
Corruption is a complex subject that can occur in many ways and can affect us physically, emotionally and mentally.
He said that this initiative to assist the farmers will continue for those villages and farmers who have not yet received.
It is surprising to learn that on this day, the RBYF has convened this public meeting in the village to see the crowd, but the group of Bah Joseph Lyngdoh The KHADC has appointed him as the Acting Rangbah Shnong and he did not claim that the people elected him to be the Rangbah Shnong.
(Rangïar is an old name and many people don't know this original name).
According to sources from some opposition MDCs, the EC of Bah Ardent has decided to conduct an investigation into the alleged misuse of funds for the Rong ka Raw Tynrai in Mawphlang. it shall be a matter of judgment.
The purpose of the scholarship is to ensure that some students find it difficult to continue their studies despite their intention to study in various fields.
Besides, he said the attendance of the people from all over the country shows that they really love this need of the nation, and therefore if those who want glory leave the conditions, the VPP will be the only leader.
When asked, the Prime Minister said he would take action on this according to the rules and regulations of the House.
Shillong: The Trinamool Youth Congress Meghalaya (TNC) on Tuesday said that the number of medals won by Meghalaya in the last National Games has dropped from 10 percent to Three medals were won at the National Games this year, despite the huge budget and more than Rs 200 crore has been spent by the state government. The Ministry of Sports and Youth Affairs of Meghalaya has released Rs 170 crore to the Ministry of Sports and Youth Affairs for the National Games
Shillong, Jymmang 2 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the problem of electricity shortage is indeed the biggest problem faced by the people of this department. He promised that the government is taking measures to reduce the suffering of the people from the power outages.
The order was issued on receipt of information that there has been a road blockade without the authority of the Syiem of Sohra Hima on the road from Umdud to Zero Point, which has led to the blockade of trade. bar-ri through the Majai Land Custom Station.
The Umngot River is a source of blessing for the wealth, income and livelihood of the Ri-War community.
You can only buy this second hand.
“After the appointment of Bah Pyniaid as CEM, I have seen the rapid implementation of the work of the Council especially in terms of the welfare of the people by introducing important Bills including the Clan. Bill is not needed for the nation”.
So far, the death toll in the state has risen to 3,202, according to official sources.
Commander said the group has requested the Minister to assist the farmers and also the farmer groups who have taken loans from banks who have been affected by the spread of the disease. to pay the debt.
Deforestation reduces rainfall and water supply.
Who will be blamed, who will blame and who will understand the problems faced by the people living on the border, especially in those villages which have claimed to fall under the Raid Nongtung and which is known as the Block? -II, in which it was seen that these villages from Khlieh Umwang to Madan Umwang, Sabuda, Jatalong and so on to Umlaper and Ummat, were seen and found that the roads are the most important for the coming and going of the people. in these villages, the roads have been improved by the Assam government.
Bah Marshall has been missing since Saturday last month at about 11.00 pm after a garbage dump collapsed at Marten which has been a garbage dump in Mawlai for 86 years, since .
“We have not taken any help from foreign powers to fight against the governments of this country.
The minimum temperature was 17.4 degrees Celsius in Sohra, 2.7 degrees Celsius, Umiam 18.2 degrees Celsius and 0.2 degrees Celsius.
The GNLA also planted an IED bomb at the police checkpoint where the bomb exploded but there were no injuries or damage to the two police vehicles. They saw the car where it had been stoned.
Shillong: The President of the MPCC, Bah VH Pala, on Tuesday said that the withdrawal of MDCs and office bearers of the Congress party from the party to contest the mid-term elections is their desire to try. In the book, you don't have to worry about the party.
“Banks should understand that customers are also part of the economic development of the state and the country,” he said.
The Khasi Hills has a great history if we examine the census of Khadar rule in which the author dares to say that since the words Politics and Democracy were widely understood around the world, True Democracy was first taught by the Khasi.
It is up to mankind to use it.
The reason for the ban is because the mining of coal in Meghalaya has caused damage and pollution to the environment which has severely affected the hills, rivers, water, air and surrounding areas. act according to a logical and scientific plan.
Speaking to media, Education Minister Rakkam Sangma said the government is involved in the dispute between the Principals and the VC of NEHU. The NEP can be implemented in 2023-24 without any problems.
Shillong, Naitung 11: There is no difference in politics.
In 1987, there was no agitation for 10 years (during the time of KSU president (L) Bull Lyngdoh). Therefore, the children are detained because of their age.
“We have sent a letter to the Government since last year, but the Government has not responded to the letter,” he said.
When asked whether there is any ground for the resigned MDCs to demand the withdrawal of their resignation, the Minister of Law and Justice said, “They have already resigned, the work will go smoothly and they have to hold new elections".
He urged the NPP party which is getting stronger as the days go by to stand together once again and win once again in the upcoming elections.
If the government really wants to improve the traffic, it should take the example of other states in the country to reduce traffic jam by building fly overs especially in the city where there are many people. road so that vehicles coming from one place do not have to wait in line for a long time just to cross.
The Sub-Divisional Officer (supply) Amlarem has directed all ration distributors that if there are any FPS dealers who accept the price of PMGKAY and NFSA ration, please contact us. Please contact the Government via Whatsapp at No.9402327732 or by phone at Toll-free No.
The women will contest against Ri Bhoi, and the men will contest against Ri Bhoi. West Jaintia Hills and East Khasi Hills will contest against each other including men and women.
The President of the party, Bah E.Kharkongor will be the chief guest and the Rangbah Shnong of Nongumlong, Bah R.Nongneng Daloi will be the chief guest.
“All the incharge of all the States, I can say that they are stupid and this is the reason for the decline of the Congress because they don't listen to the people, the people in the state. “This is the reason why I left the Congress,” he said.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Saturday suspended the classes of BK Bajoria School, alleging that the school authorities have suspended classes for the students because of the holiday on the first day of Shad Suk. Spirit.
Hiar doesn't want to rise.
He said the government should consider the demand of the union regarding the establishment of a government college.
Also present on the occasion were the Rangbah Shnong of Umtyrnga, Bah Bur Khongtyngkut, Bah B. Ranee, Assistant District Coordinator, SBM, Ri-Bhoi, Kong Bahun Basaiawmoit, Block Coordinator of Umling Block. the Rangbah Shnongs of the area, the residents, school children and teachers.
The PAC found this during its inspection on the 11th of November.
“In the beginning, Khliehmawlieh from West Khasi Hills often played on inadequate grounds or ground grounds, but in the MSL matches, This year, they have been able to play in Tura Zone.
“We have planned to hold a protest in the state against the police action against the BJP President in the state,” Reddy said.
Police have not yet arrested anyone in connection with the incident, but the Chief Superintendent of Police, who is in charge of the investigation, said that they have strong evidence against the suspect. you can't do it.
However, from now on, through the vision of D.Vijay Kumar, foreign tourists when they come here will not have to worry about accommodation because they just open the website www.villagegetaways.
The announcement came from the Government through the Chief Secretary.
On Monday, 58 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, 2 deaths, bringing the total number of deaths from COVID-19 in the state to
The lowest polling station was MESEB-MCCL with 47.37 percent while Wah-u-im had the highest polling station with 92.86 percent. you can ship kindly.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Nongrang congratulated HANM for organizing such a tournament at Phan Nonglait and hoped that through this tournament many heroes of the country and the country will come out. community.
Shillong, November 20: The Passport Seva Kendra Shillong has started operations since its opening on 14th November 2014 and is continuing to operate for passport applicants in the Normal Category.
m and was conducted by Rev DR Marngar Pastor incharge of the District and read from the Word of God by Tymmen Basan DL Marshilong.
Meghalaya also fought hard to turn the ball forward and should have scored through Sangti Janai Shianglong but was saved.
It may be recalled that Sec 11 of the Rules, 2006 and Section 9 of the Administration Rules, 2009, stipulate that it is necessary for everyone to take dulir. and that the office of the Hima has the power to issue certificates in respect of land within the boundary of the Hima, for a small fee.
He also mentioned the issue of health in the district and suggested ways and means to improve the quality of health in the district.
PS Keri, Tymmen Basan, said that the Lam Jingshai Youth Centre, has been constructed on an area of ​​9,853 sq feet inside the grounds of the church at a cost of T.2 crore.
The union said that it has been found that people who are not Khasi, who do not know how to speak the Khasi language, who do not know the customs and traditions of the Khasi, who do not follow the Khasi way of life, They accept the Khasi race only by making an affidavit through an oath before the First Class Magistrate.
The Deputy Director of Nyk Shillong, Bah D.Rapsang was the chief guest in the presence of the National Volunteers of Mawryngkneng Block and an ASHA from Umphyrnai Dymmiew.
Mahimaidas and Team Members of Childline East Jaintia Hills District.
The victim was identified as Lary Iawrot, 45, resident of Mawlai Kynton Massar.
Dress code in schools:- The school is the most difficult and pleasant place to dress neatly.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, NPP leader from Ranikor, Bah Kitborlang Nongrem, who left the Congress, said that Martin M Danggo has no problem winning the mid-term elections as he has already contested three times before. he knew how to do it.
He said that this Act affects the lifestyle and diet of the people of the state and it is inappropriate and for that reason, the state government has expressed its opposition. also send a statement to the federal government.
:As part of the Christmas celebration, Bah Pyndap, Bah C.Phawa, Bah H.Sungoh together with their friends and Bah Dawan Lyngdoh MDC came to donate gifts and blankets to the people. residents of Thangrong Village.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Honsen Lyngdoh, with a lot of heartfelt words, said that he never thought that he would become a publisher in his life, but he thanked God. Who made it possible to take such a great part on that day.
He said it is necessary to carefully assess the situation and the political dynamics and changes that will take place in the coming years, and how to move forward with the goal of serving the people in the best possible way. .
