The DC said that parents should write to the principals and explain why they have not allowed their children to have the injection.
The union, after investigation, found that these foreigners did not have proper documents and therefore sent them back.
Jyrwa said that under the leadership of Hussain and with the assistance of West Jaintia Hills Police, another person was arrested identified as Ratan Dkhar, 56 years old. and Ummulong.
Nongpoh, March 04: Police in Ri-Bhoi District today evening arrested three drug traffickers from Nagaland and Manipur and seized heroin worth Rs 1 crore from them.
Roshan said the Cabinet, after careful consideration, has decided to accept the proposal of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to confirm the appointment of these youths.
There are also those who are ready to file a case in the Supreme Court of India.
He said that the previous Executive Member (EC) led by the Congress has not paid the four months salary to the employees of GHADC and now after the new EC has been taken over by the NPP, they have not paid their salaries. They have received four months' salary and it has reached five months that they have not received their salary.
The incident happened at about 7 pm when a sumo which was heading to Shillong overturned at Tyngnger in Mawsynram.
He said that if the forest is destroyed, it will destroy the benefits to the residents of the area.
Real Madrid and Espanyol have now agreed a deal for the player. He will join the Spanish club next season and Real Madrid can buy him out at the end of the contract. .
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that although the Government has not received detailed information from the police, it has strengthened the security forces in the border areas of Meghalaya. Assam in Block-I after allegations of the emergence of a new armed group of the Karbi people, the United People's Front of Karbi Longri (UPFKL).
Speaking to reporters, some of the residents who pass through a footpath connecting Kongthong village which has a road and 7 villages which still do not have enough footpath, said that this The lack of roads has caused a lot of trouble to the people especially to transport food and medicines.
Matthew 24:37-38.
On the other hand, the MLA has taken the initiative to monitor this issue and has made it clear to the party leaders that he does not sit idly by on this issue and he monitors from time to time. The union reminded of the outstanding civil works such as the completion of the main building, the provision of electricity, water and other basic needs. He took the initiative to talk to the relevant departments and the contractor to expedite the works.
There are some of the elders who say that these days whether in the villages, churches, or in politics, the poor if they are good and they know people, know God and are wise and understanding. and there shall be no more.
Speaking on the occasion, the Managing Director of PNB said that the establishment of RSETIs in the North East is part of the development of skill development in the rural areas and to bring in skilled workers. The PNB Centenary Rural Development Trust (PNBCRDT) which was established in
He said Meghalaya has entered the path of becoming one of the most developed states in the country and in this regard it has set a target that education will be at the forefront.
They also requested the NEHU authorities and the Tura Police to investigate the incident so that the rights of the victim can be secured as soon as possible.
He said that after sending the resolution passed by the House in 2019, the Government has approached the Union Home Ministry on this issue in November,
Jowai, Nailur 13: The supporters of Dawan Lyngdoh, who will contest the 2023 MLA election from the 1-Nartiang Assembly Constituency, have informed the public that he will contest as the MLA candidate of his own free will. and don't be afraid to ask others.
The rally was attended by Bah H.Nongpluh, IG, Eastern Range, State Central Library.
Visual Information 244.0 (572); 2.
Self-employment not only benefits oneself, but also opens up opportunities for other young job seekers to get jobs and also encourages young people to do what they like or do. what they want by standing on their own feet.
Rev.Dr.P.C.Singh, Bishop of Jabalpur Diocese, and Rt.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84793 out of which 83246 have recovered and 1483 have died.
“I doubt even the NPP will vote for the NPP candidate because they come from other political parties and they are newly joined and it is not easy for the supporters when new members join the party.
It happened suddenly like a fire broke out across the villages in Manipur, including the villages, where the houses of the people, especially the Kuki, were burnt down and hundreds of thousands were killed.
The Forest Department of JHADC has allocated tens of lakhs of rupees in each budget to improve the planting area of ​​trees, sal, kseh, shken and other plants in Thadmynri, Saitsama and Khanduli. All these forests are written, but all these forests have not been protected or cared for.
There is one who criticizes the governments of the world for allowing plastic factories to be consumed.
On Saturday, the residents in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong of Baridua, Bah Ioannis Narleng, the Rangbah Shnong of Paham Kynchoh, Bah Paniram Narleng and the former Lyngdoh of the Raid, Bah Koste Lyngdoh who is also the Secretary of the Village. The Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ricky Nelson Syiem, has gathered in Khanapara, Marwet District to demand that the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ricky Nelson Syiem, should fight for the preservation of the two sacred forests of the Raid. Mount God Killing and the King's Cross.
However, Pakistan fought hard to score and Araijeet gave the team the first goal in the 20th minute. The team didn't manage to score another goal in the first half until they suffered a defeat after scoring 10 goals in the first half.
Niakha was shocked when she heard the words of Rida who had promised to tell her.
However, for now, we feel it would be better if people close to the finance department should hold the post of CMD of MeECL,” he said.
If those who are involved in this business had the opportunity to sell them in the shops here in Shillong, it would have helped them.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Wapung Unit will hold an awarding ceremony for the students who have passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC examinations for the year
Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong unfurled the tricolor flag and took the National Salute at Jowai.
Shillong: Albinus Shyrkon, 32, has lodged a complaint with the police that Jendro Shyrkon (32) has gone missing from his home in Nongmawlai (WKH) since the 11th of this month. They found his body in a forest in Nongmawlai.
“However, it is disappointing for us because we didn't get the opportunity to speak in the Assembly, but it ended, because on Friday it ends at 12 o'clock, but it is up to the speaker not to extend the time. we didn't have time to discuss, it was a disappointment to many members who were ready to take part and I was ready for two months to get advice and look at the orders etc, but we didn't get I hope that we will try again in another dorbar, to discuss this subject which the youth are waiting for us to discuss in the Assembly and if it is the government will fix this. “It's a problem in many areas of the implementation of the reservation policy and the roaster system,” said Bah Tongkhar.
According to Conrad, Dr. Chuba Ao's statement is a personal statement and not a party statement.
Under this scheme, assistance in obtaining loans through banks for start-ups up to T.10,0
The union has demanded that the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) should inquire into the construction of the Traditional and Cultural Center by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) near Umiam Dam. in the Bridge.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, u Bah Lit, who is waiting to collect the entrance fee, said that the number of tourists is still very low, as there are only a few vehicles per day, although there are more in the area. Saturday and Sunday.
As the wise saying goes, “Don't look at the thngiat of others, but look at the khung.
“The government has no right to deprive the people of Garo of their choice, it is not only to destroy the language but it is also a long time,” said Augustine. The Government has not honored the sudden passing away of Purno A Sangma in the past few days.
The opening matches on the 16th will be between Mawryngkneng Cluster vs Mawsynram Cluster and Sohra Cluster (A) vs STCC Pongtung Cluster.
He knows how China has punished Dr. Li Wenliang, who first discovered the outbreak, and for informing doctoral students about the disease to be vigilant and the police Dr. Li was arrested at the end of December 2019, to investigate why he caused trouble.
IAS, SDO Amlarem Civil Sub Division said that the main purpose of the Jamboree is to give the students the opportunity to meet other students and to get learn from each other.
If the demarcation of the border with Assam is based on these areas which (L) Maieit Hopingstone Lyngdoh has included in the Census and Electoral Roll since these years, there will be no problem. There is no doubt that the Assam government will also approve, as the border crossing of Assam to Mawsikar has been forced.
Shillong, Lber 18 : The State Government today appointed Bah R. Rapthap as the Member Secretary of the State Education Commission (SEC).
Twice I have burnt down my farm equipment and I have lost a lot of money, because every year I earn more than 80 Mon. “I've lost everything,” said Bah Muni.
The President of AHPUF, J.Phawa and the President of KJNU, N.Shadap have informed the District Magistrate to allow the opening of places of worship or churches in the District and to send information. The two organizations demanded the same throughout the state along with the SOPs of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare or the state government.
Shillong, Naitung 18: Many candidates for the MLA election 2018 from different constituencies have tried to talk to this reporter but they have not been willing to answer a word. They are still in government service and will speak again after they have resigned from their posts.
The District Social Welfare Officer East Jaintia Hills, Kong R Passah in her speech urged the participants to think carefully about whatever they do and not to rush into getting money but to be patient.
When MLAs sit in the Dorbar, they should not just talk about issues affecting their constituencies.
In connection with this incident, police have registered a case against Rakes Prasad and Biswajit after the arrest of the robbers. police will continue to investigate whether they are involved in other crimes.
Rossie Nongrum, Sisters of Fatima Convent, Mairan Ranger, teacher of St. John's HS School, Barama and Sanjay Swargiary, driver of the Bolero, were also injured in the accident yesterday. A Bolero truck carrying dewbilat collided with a Bolero in Sumer Umbang, Ri-Bhoi District on Friday morning. The Civil Hospital Nongpoh, has handed over the bodies to the relatives along with the sisters and fathers who came to accompany.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Forwardman Nongrem, President KSU South West Khasi Hills District, said, “When it comes to the problems of the Jaitbynriew and the persecution of the Jaitbynriew in the police and other departments, It is time for us to say that we will do it ourselves and that is to work hard to study well and to take over the positions in various high positions held by those who do not. I'm all Khasi"
During the search, the STF seized 375 boxes containing 37,500 bottles of Phensedyl, which was hidden inside a chicken feed.
In the Group-A match, Langsning beat Seng Samla Laitryngew 11-0
The Voice of People Party (VPP) invites all the residents of 15-Mawlai Constituency to the registration meeting to be held on the 29th July 2023 at 6:00 pm at Nonglum Market.
There are seven constituencies where the HSPDP and UDP will face difficulties in deciding if there is a division of constituencies. These are Mawkynrew where MLA Remington Pyngrope is from. The UDP and the HSPDP have MLA Martle Mukhim, Nongkrem MDC HS Shylla, HSPDP MLA Ardent M Basaiawmoit, Sohra MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit. Titos W Chyne while the HSPDP has Droi Khongsti, Mylliem MDC Teilinia Thangkhiew, UDP MDC Hamlet Dohling and Mawthadraishan MDC candidate Teilinia Thangkhiew. Brolding Nongsiej MLA while the HSPDP has MDC Blanding Warjri and Mawkyrwat is another constituency where the two parties have done well.
The union also expressed its gratitude to the government for construction of the road from Riangdo to Athiabari and also the road from Nongstoiñ to Rambrai.
Meanwhile, FKJGP President Wilbirth Rani said that these organizations want the government to implement those rules and the government should not delay them.
Apart from the Hima and Dorbar Shnongs, the leaders of the District Councils are elected from among the candidates nominated by the Hima political parties and this is where there is a terrible conflict that can undermine or kill the fundamental foundation of governance. Khadar, the Collective Responsibility of the Cabinet.
And if those who have been infected with this Corona virus, are willing to try herbal medicines and get cured, it will be a joy and a blessing.
Shillong: The Khatarshnong Area Sports Club on Tuesday opened the Khambit Singh East and 2nd Division Football League under the leadership of President Bah Khambit Sing Khongshei at Mawkynta Playground.
Jowai, November 10: A man has been arrested by the Raliang Police Station, West Jaintia Hills for allegedly threatening the residents of Raliang village especially the village leaders.
This was also confirmed by the FKJGP Langpih Area Unit which expressed its deep sorrow over the Assam Government's forced crossing of the border in Langpih.
They demand that the government should recognize them as government employees in the villages and townships. Grade III and Grade IV due to excessive work.
Jesus was crucified and buried in Israel, not in any other country; And they buried him on the evening of the fourteenth day of the first month in Israel.
There are fears that in another 10 years the temperature will rise, the mountains will melt and flow into the sea, and the sea will rise to sea level.
“According to her, most of those who have not been vaccinated are those who live in the remote areas of the state and those who have not received detailed information on the vaccine.
However, within five minutes of the second half, Real Kashmir managed to score three goals before the break.
The change from one season to another also brings many changes in life.
The cooperation of all the ethnic groups of the State will ensure peace and stability for the children, grandchildren, great-grandchildren and also for the youth of future generations.
In my opinion, it would be better for them to return home.
He said that the target is to hold the Blood Donation Camp twice a year as a sign of commemorating the special holidays of India known as Republic Day and Independence Day.
During the Camp Sitting, 46 cases were taken up for hearing during these four days in the presence of the members of the Commission, PJP Hanaman, Kong B.Giri and other staff of the Commission. .
Several drivers of the Shillong Public Transport Service (SPTS) of the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) have complained about the slow driving and conflict of lines of others who operate on their own lines. (route).
Modi will hold a large public rally in the presence of BJP and JD(S) leaders in Mysuru on the same day. The road is about 1.5 km away from Mangaluru.
The longer the trial, the longer the justice delayed.
Speaking at a meeting at Mendipathar, Conrad K Sangma congratulated Varun Beverages Chairman Ravi Jaipuria for taking the decision to set up a factory in Mendipathar. The establishment of companies in the state and the establishment of a factory in Mendipathar will bring about a change in the lives of the people in the area.
Shillong: Sohra, today, received heavy rainfall of 200.4mm.
Shillong: U Minister in charge of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Sanbor Shullai, in reply to a question raised by Umroi MLA George B Lyngdoh, on the increase in the animal husbandry and veterinary department of the State Government. He said that the department is trying to obtain seeds of Ongole cows to strengthen the cow breeding industry in the state.
The Tezpur troops are in charge of the India-China border in the areas bordering Assam and Arunachal Pradesh.
Nongpoh, Nailar 01: The Dorbar Shnong of Pathardharo Village on 16/07/2022 has clarified the statement of Regina Marbaniang in the media on 1st November which allegedly robbed and destroyed They also alleged that the village has evicted her from the village.
Referring to the goals of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, the Speaker said that the youth should believe firmly in their duties according to the Constitution.
In her speech, Kong Kynta reminded that the Immunization Campaign will be conducted in three phases for seven days at all health centers free of charge.
Shillong: The High Court of Meghalaya on Tuesday ruled that the Meghalaya government has not held municipal elections.
“The fact is that Mukul Sangma needs to appoint up to 18 Parliamentary Secretaries and 12 Government Ministers. day to the media.
Eban Happy Manners 12.
“The New and Old Khasi Writing” and “The Speech and Languages” published in Improved Instruction in Khasi, in
The Indian Olympic Association (IOC) has set up a coordination and games technical conduct committee for the National Games to host Meghalaya in
You can't thom your blood.
Will Hamlet contest again from the PDF, will Bah Mitchel contest from the NPP ticket which he won in the MDC election and will Bah Ronnie contest again from the Congress? The Transport Department of Mawhati, Bah Dasakhiat Lamare, who is also the MLA of Mawhati, has decided to contest from Mawhati.
Grace is an MDC from Nongskhen constituency from the Congress party and she has applied for a ticket from the party but the party has given the ticket to Bah Batengshain Laitmon Rynga. make her leave the party and contest as an independent candidate.
He said that the raid in collaboration with the police, VDPs and Senglongkmie in the Nongstoiñ market is the first time and has been successful although not many arrests have been made. He said that the police department will continue to monitor and conduct raids to curb crime and also to bring peace and order.
On the other hand, Commander Shangpliang Chairman of JACAMFU said that the people of this area have said that this year's rice is good, but it has been destroyed due to the cold weather.
Hundreds of people took part in the march in the presence of Bah Donbok Kharlyngdoh, Leader of Ka Sur Ka Bri u Hynniewtrep and other members of the party.
The cost of treatment is about T.35,000 per shift.
The Forum has demanded compensation for the vehicles involved and the injured.
The French say – The relief or relief within oneself in one's soul E.K.D.H.Lyngdoh
Speaking to reporters, the union expressed its anger over the delay in the release of the results as other universities have completed their admission while Nehu has not released its results. “We have submitted a request to the COE to release the results of the 6th semester but they have not released them yet.
After the meeting, JSM Western Region President Ribok Biam said that if the government does not listen to the demand of the JSM, they went to the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District. “The Tax Gate together with the people of Khanduli will be removed and if there is any bloodshed, the government will take responsibility,” he said.
That’s why they have to work together.
However, as always after the elections, let us remain united,” he said.
“My purpose in mentioning this Bill is to seek your opinion on the provisions of the Constitution before sending it back to the State Government and the Autonomous District Councils to correct its shortcomings. ", the governor said in the letter.
And we will fail to make India a country ruled by the people and not by the leaders.
The remaining work of this scheme will be awarded to contractors from West and South West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, November 1 : A day after the National Investigation Agency (NIA) summoned the leaders of the HNLC, the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma has asked whether the central government has He said that the state government has invited and invited the government to participate in the peace talks with the HNLC. Such things should happen from the central government departments because they will disrupt, defame and destroy the confidence of the HNLC on this peace talks.
In another report, Ukrainian forces reportedly snatched scores of young men from cars and buses, aged 18 to 60, forcing them to work as soldiers of the country and this has started since yesterday and today as well.
For now, Assad's greatest strength is that he can use and fight from the air, but if his power from the air is restricted, then the fighting with the Free Syrian Army. (FSA) will be very strong.
They said that according to the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act, 1997, it does not say that the Khasi who give birth to a tribe should be recognized as Khasi Tribe. A woman from another ethnic group who marries a Khasi and gives her jait to a Khasi father shall be recognized as a Khasi Tribe by receiving a Schedule Tribe certificate.
The union also requests the government to immediately improve the road which will be a source of peace and benefit to the residents of the area.
Shillong, Nailur 25: Police have urged the public to be vigilant against robbers who pretend to be bank officers by calling to ask for information related to their bank accounts. person.
“Meghalaya is not a state with a lot of resources, but now that coal has been banned, the demand is still high. to improve education in the rural areas,” said Bah Rapthap.
Before the discussion on nature, there was a launch of books published by the members of SBUK including a book by Bah Wan Kharkrang entitled 'Aiom baieid Na Ri ki Rngai' , a book written by Bah LH Pde entitled 'The Book of the Three Skers' and 'Ki Lum Suhkhun'
He said that if the BJP comes to power, it will definitely help the people because the state government cannot help.
During the meeting, they also discussed the peace and stability in Lum Garo and the recent incident in which two youths were shot dead by the army.
Shillong, June 24: Hundreds of people have attended a meeting convened by the VPP at Mawkynrew to introduce members to the party and also to explain the principles of the party.
The polling in Akuluto constituency, Zunheboto district was not held as the BJP candidate Kazheto Kinimi had already won without any opposition.
The Games Secretariat has also worked tirelessly,” said the Chief Secretary.
The birds of the heavens sing for joy, for there is no one who is sad.
These markets include JPC Market, CNI Market, Lawseinraij and Temporary Vending Zones.
Others who attended the election were JL Pariat Waheh Chnong Tamu, Wil Dkhar Advisor AJCVA and others. The death toll has risen to 1370 in the state on Friday.
Shillong, Nailar 28 : The Kachin National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) today sent a petition to the Chief Secretary of the State regarding the decision of the Cabinet to appoint the Chairman and Member of the Expert Committee. Review the Reservation Policy of the State.
The author is a young man who has completed his Bachelor of Divinity from John Roberts Theological College, Mawklot, Shillong.
Speaking on the occasion, the SP said that the BSF have the right to patrol but they do not have the right to stay or set up camps.
Therefore, the public is requested to complain to the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District or phone Toll free No.1697, lane to the District Grievances Officer of East Jaintia Hills District.
Police have also sent a request to the pilgrims to stay in safe places away from the landslide.
The glory you receive from church comes from other people, but the glory you receive in private and family worship comes from God.
The stories of Li Dohkha and Pah Syntiew, who raised the throne of longsyiem-mansyiem and ruler, as well as the stories of the luri lura markets, testify to the close relationship of the Khasi with fellow creatures and also to the need for interchange.
According to the World Bank, one in five youths is unemployed in the country.
Until now, the Arabs of the Middle East have not rested and want to exterminate the Jewish people from the face of the earth.
The estimates on the availability of this mineral are very high.
So they decided to hold it on November 23,
“As we used to say, if there are such people who have contested elections from abroad, we don't encourage them...we don't encourage them to become candidates for the party,” said VPP spokesperson Dr. .Batskhem Myrboh speaking to several media outlets.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Dopth said that the government has launched Swachhta Hi Seva to promote cleanliness in market places, public places and villages.
Speaking to reporters, the leaders of these organizations including Bah EG Kharbani, President of FKJGP and Samla F. Kharkamni, President of KSU, said that the reason for the The RBYF has been forced to take this step to support the RBYF on the grounds that the government and MUDA have insulted the paradoh parasnam. They have imposed a night road blockade to implement the demand for the re-employment of the two dismissed Longkmie, who are indigenous to the area.
The finalists were Da La Riti, St. Anthony's College, Syrdeng, Na Rynsan, Tympang and Tyngkai La Ka Tynrai.
The owner of the cow has also sent a letter to the MeECL department regarding the incident and also to the Veterinary Department, so that the MeECL department can take action so that it will not cause any damage and injury. not only to animals but especially to humans.
During this election, the Shnong has banned anyone from giving or distributing money within the boundary of the Shnong.
On the other hand, the PM expressed his satisfaction to see these development works and assured of all the support from his side.
Guwahati: The Government of India has decided to draw the boundary between the states of the North East by satellite imagery.
At St. Joseph's Church, Mawkhar Parish, Parish Priest Fr Teibor Lyngdoh said that the Ber Dpei Day reminds us that as believers we have entered the Lent season, which means a changed life. which means and to renew our lives.
Furthermore, the Federation requests all members not to criticize or make writings or speeches related to any matter without the permission or authority of the Federation of Khasi States.
Then he took four rounds and cut them with a knife.
Knowledge is free to all.
Mizoram Police have suspected that the killing of these three persons was caused by the money they were carrying. or to buy groceries but it was for the purchase of ammunition.
On the case of Langrut Police Officer Ajay Chettri, the police department has suspended him from his post, said the police chief.
Shillong, November 21: CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing and Angela Ryngad have said that they will lodge a complaint with the authorities regarding the arrest of Testaiphul Paliar.
In a statement, Pynshngain Nongjied, Information Secretary FKGJP, urged the law enforcement authorities to immediately arrest Dolloi Hepsing Dhar, who has died without knowledge and insulted women and children by committing this crime. all kinds of things that affect the nation and society as a whole.
Marbarisha M Pdah, 44, had to prepare herself to compete in the Meghalaya Games along with her daughter Toiaibha. M Pdah, 24, will compete in the Senior Women's Category in the 10m and 50m Rifle Events and the other in the 10m and 25m Pistol Events.
Speaking to reporters, u Bah Shiwat said, “We are still hoping that the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills has invited the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills to have a meeting. The border settlement between Assam and Meghalaya has not yet been completed but it is like helping the residents of Khanduli with the claim that this area belongs to them. in Assam".
He said that most of the Khasi villages are in Shiliang Sylhet and a few in the Sylhet area. In all the villages which are Khasi villages, he said that they have their own Rangbah Shnongs. The Rangbah Shnongs are called as is the custom in the Khasi villages in India.
However, he won again and returned to Pandu (Maligaon).
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The exploiters have sent a letter to AICC Chairperson Sonia Gandhi along with copies sent to government ministers, government officials and Sengbhalang leaders.
We need to respect each other and God helps those who help themselves,” said Bah Hek.
He said that there are four jobs which the CEM has done and the amount of money he has distributed Work Orders through the PDF candidates for the jobs that have been removed has reached T.6,72,79,000 crore. .
The Waheh Shnong of Tympang Iawmusiang, Ma Edystone Shylla said that they have taken this decision to overcome the plastic waste which has affected the environment especially the Myntdu River which supplies drinking water to Jowai.
Regarding the border, the party demands that the Labang Nangphyllut Dolloship and Pangam Raliang which are part of Jaintia Hills should come within the border of Meghalaya.
It is the duty of the government to maintain and restore peace and order for the sake of the people, said the Chairman of the MPHRC, Bah DG Dympep.
“It's not right for the rich to elect them as leaders,” said Bah George B.Lyngdoh while speaking at a meeting of the TMC party held today at Umlaper in Mawhati Constituency. Thew chai also said that the MLA of Mawhati has been elected by the people of Mawhati in the 2018 election and now he has left the people alone by leaving the people to leave. There is no election from one constituency.
What he meant was that the death of one science opens up others to express their ideas and findings...and that new scientific discoveries cannot succeed by convincing and pointing truths, but it succeeds because those who oppose it die or lose power and another group rises.
Regarding the sale and purchase of land, the CEM said that the purpose of the Land Act is to develop the land where the himas can no longer sell land without the knowledge of the Council. .
Although EJH scored a lot of runs, the batsmen of SCA-B managed to score 46 runs in 5.3 overs before the rain stopped.
Maternal and infant mortality rates should decrease every year.
On the other hand, the union is very concerned that the government in a public announcement has said that the road from Nongstoiñ to Sohpian has been improved and widened in the past years. is in the Intermediate Lane.
Rymbai Deiñshalalu, the winner, received a cash prize of Rs 2 lakh and a trophy, while Soaring Eagles SC, the winner of the women's category, received a cash prize of Rs 30,000 and a trophy.
What else makes women, especially women, more likely than men to come out to vote? We see, however, that it is the women who hold the key to the shetja room.
Of these, 247 were male and 140 were female.
Here in Meghalaya, there has been a strong religious influence within the country where religious leaders use them to be election preachers for their fellow religious candidate, to convince those who are religious to support him. he even.
On the other hand, the Education Secretary, Bah Gabriel Sun, said that the recruitment of jobs for the youth in Ri Bhoi should be transparent and there should be no discrimination. There are those who are fighting for MLAs or Ministers and only those who are entitled to according to their knowledge in the recruitment examination should be entitled.
Shillong: U Bah DP Wahlang, Additional Chief Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, will take over as the Chief Secretary of the Government of Meghalaya from 31st November , on that day.
“Things may be lost, wealth may be lost, the author may die, but the treasures and information through this book for the future generations will last forever,” he said. said Renik.
JSU Shillong Circle President Treiborlang Suchen and JSU War Circle President Eddy Kery Pohtam urged the indigenous people to stand united against the CAB to save the people from being invaded by foreigners.
The MPHRC demands that the Minister of Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri, should take responsibility and answer the cause of the injuries suffered by the police. At least 25 people have been injured in the attack.
Lawei Smit SC goalkeeper Patricia Lyngdoh Nonglait had a good chance to score through Ionaris Khongsit before the end of the first half. to be released from the throw.
“However, Khliehriat Block after being shifted to Wapung has been known as Wapung C&RD Block even though the Mukul government has issued another notification to shift it to Lumshnong. It has been relocated not to Lumshnong or Wapung but to Khiehriat,” said the residents of Wapungskur, Pamra and Wapungshnong.
“We are now ready to announce this again immediately,” she said.
Similarly, in the 2019 mid-term elections in Selsella after the death of Congress MLA Clement Marak, Ferlin CA Sangma of the NPP won by defeating the wife of the late MLA.
The Khasi Jaintia Church Leaders Forum (KJCLF) has held a prayer meeting for the government after it failed to repeal the Meghalaya Regulation of Trade and Industry. Gaming Act 2021 and also on the issue of casinos.
The KSU strongly condemns this act of intimidating the professor and also to prevent her from filling the post of Vice-Chancellor at NEHU. The VC's stealing especially until he prevents or opposes her from applying for higher posts in order to serve better.
He said that he is one of the former members of the KSU Laitlyngkot Unit and has worked with the KSU in many fields since he became the Rangbah Shnong and even until now. When he became an MDC, he worked with the youth from time to time.
Speaking on the occasion, Babu Shullai said, “Blessed are the poor in spirit: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are the poor in spirit: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Besides this programme, there are books that have been distributed through the newspapers and it has been found that many of those who have donated money are the poor and also those who have won MDC, MLA or MP. They are the ones who are the most poor who have been destroyed.
The times have changed and the jobs of party or leaders have now turned into business.
In Jirang Constituency, Sosthenes Sohtun, Sitting MLA of Jirang and NPP candidate, has been re-elected as the Leader of the House of Representatives for the second time by defeating the Congress candidate by 12690 votes. Adrian L. Mylliem received 11,067 votes from the Congress.
Mooknor opened the scoring through Heinthrang Lyngdoh 33′ but after three minutes, Tpeppale turned the match around with a goal from Jopibormitre Dkhar.
Therefore, when we find and see that no one is helping us with our problems, it makes us sad, but if it is like this as it is now, the time will not be long for the work of slaughtering cows. “Only the Khasi will disappear, because there are no more people who want to buy cows,” he added.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng, 28: The Self Help Groups under the umbrella of the Village Organization of Siejlieh, one of the villages in Nongstoiñ, have celebrated their 10th anniversary today.
In the ceremony, Bah N Khongkhlad congratulated the drivers' association and said that the drivers have a great responsibility, that is, they are the ones who hold the soul of each and every driver. longing, especially in this area, because he said that many in the Pynursla area, still drive commercial vehicles.
If the Hima Mylliem wants to know the facts, it should have come in the morning or to come in front of the people in the village and ask the people, but as it is now, the Hima Mylliem, has just “It's not like we're going to be able to do anything without any facts, because as it is now, the people are still waiting for Bah Ioannis Narleng to be the leader of Baridua,” said the residents.
Thus what the Bible says has been fulfilled and continues to be fulfilled.
James K Sangma has been appointed as the head of the Forest and Environment Department.
In November, 2021, the KSU sent a letter to Bah Prestone Tynsong while he was the Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare to clarify the delay in the construction of the Shillong Medical College. which was confirmed in 2017 at Reid Chest TB Hospital in Mawprem.
They include 10 cases from Nagaon, 8 cases from Kamrup-M, 7 cases from Cachar, 1 case from Hojai/Dimahasao, 2 cases from Karimganj/Hailakandi and 2 cases of unknown address.
That by the death of Jesus with the shed blood of the Cross, Jesus has destroyed the power of the devil and Satan, who has only the power to kill people.
According to the Prime Minister, they also discussed how to reduce fire fighting, use natural resources to generate fire and others.
“Most of the jobs have been taken over by foreigners,” he said.
Police believe that the vehicle, which he was driving, collided with another truck; because the driver died, being hit by another car.
In this regard, the RBYC (Ri Bhoi Youth Council) expresses its opposition and anger against this behavior of the management of this office which has not respected the youth of the country.
Shillong, November 17: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday visited the Prime Minister of Meghalaya, Narendra Modi, on his way down from a plane on 7Mer, but did not accompany him. The Shillong-Nongstoin-Tura road was inaugurated on Saturday.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: U Balsan Marak, 20, who was arrested on charges of kidnapping 12 women in Tura, died suddenly at Tura Civil Hospital today.
Referring to the demand and protest of the SSA teachers demanding the release of their salaries remaining two months before 31st October, the Minister said, “I have already told them to release their salaries. before the end of the State Budget Session on 31st October.
The meeting was conducted by Hardeep S. Puri, Minister in charge of Housing and Urban Affairs.
Meghalaya does not have any revenue except from the revenue collected from imported goods.
One of the factories belongs to the son of Gigur Myrthong MLA/MDC Mawshynrut Constituency, while the other two factories are owned by Gigur Myrthong MLA/MDC Mawshynrut Constituency. Another 10 houses are located in Diengjalong village which is suspected to belong to a foreigner known as Darmu Bomfillo which is not owned by Bah Shemphang Rynsiang and another house is located inside Diengjalong village. Naresh, owner of Iron Alloy Riwiang Factory, has been arrested in Sohdiengngam.
The staff from the Horticulture Department explained about the fish farming, tit farming and other farming activities which benefit the people.
Friends United (Sohra) who came to bat first managed to score 126 runs and lost 8 runs for
Shillong, because of the lack of drivers.
He said that there are many teachers who don't even have a house except the foundation of the house where they live.
There was also a clash between the rebel groups, who have been involved in anti-ethnic conflicts, in which they clashed with the army at Kangvai in Churachandpur district, in the Phougakchao area, near of Bishnupur district and Dolaithabi and Pukhao in Imphal East district.
Thomas Dkhar scored the first goal of the match in extra time to help Jalaphet Moochut Pyrdung SC win the title of the First Division Football Tournament organized by the Saipung Block Sports Association (SBSA) this season.
Shillong: Shillong: The match between Mawlai SC and Nongkrem SC in the 2nd division of Mawlai SC vs Riatsamthiah SC was played in the 1st division. As part of the fundraising campaign for the celebration of the school's 25th Anniversary in 2020, the school has organized a two day football tournament which started on 15.6.19 at Mawdngong Ground, Sohryngkham.
“Tomorrow, 15th November, 2023, the Dorbar Synrai of the Legislative Assembly will start.
“Dengue fever has spread due to floods and sudden rise in temperature in the northern parts of Garo Hills but the people should not panic as this is not a contagious disease. people," she said.
They should join the party before contesting the election from the party,” he said.
“Dr Mukul Sangma has been the Chief Minister of the state for five years but he has failed to implement major schemes and projects which have been pending for decades while the MDA has only four years. backlog projects are now being completed.
Therefore, the government has to find ways and means to attract tourists to the state not only from the middle income but also from the rich.
Although Faleiro did not comment, it was said that the intention to overthrow Dr. Mukul Sangma was very strong.
It is clear that a foreigner cannot be a Rangbah Shnong under this Act,” said the statement.
The theater was constructed at a cost of Rs 9.10 lakh.
And the magicians of Egypt cast down every man his rod, and they became serpents.
"“People with depression tend to fall into many traps in substance use.
“We have to find out whether Bah Prestone has any relationship with the party members in the past and after the formation of this MDA government, they were happy to bring them in, make them to come and judge and to speak.
Nizamul Huq Nasim of Bangladesh, Legal Aid Services Trust, Shamsul Huda, Association for Land Reform and Development, Nigera Kori Coordinator Khushi Kabir, Research and Development Collective were also present at the meeting. , Mesbah Kamal, General Secretary and the Khasi residents of the area.
Sanbor said that the new school building was assisted through the ADB scheme, where there were many problems in the beginning but he was able to explain to the government authorities. year and received the funds and today it was opened.
The name that has been given and suit um pujer-puthoh, as it has been written, has also given me the keys to open the light from your dress to preserve your nature.
Shillong: The BSF of 4 BN, today, seized 845 saris worth T.18 lakh, which were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today celebrated the National Awakening Day, as usual every year on the 4th of June. highlighting the issues and demands that the party has been fighting for so far.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Photjaud Rangthong Unit has strongly condemned the kidnapping and shooting of Samla Pynshngainlang Wanniang, a member of the Khasi Students Union (KSU). According to a statement, HYC President Photjaud Rangthong said that on the morning of 10th July, at 9.00 pm, while Pynshngainlang was sleeping at home, About 20 people in a truck pickup and claimed to be members of the KSU came and took the youth from his sleep and took him to Mawkyrwat to the KSU office. and they smote him until he was wounded.
Verses 29-32 tell of its calamity, "There shall be sorrow, and grief, and mourning, and weeping, and gnashing of teeth, .
Expressing his gratitude, the CM congratulated the Minister of Sports for allocating up to T.9 crore for the construction of the gallery and artificial turf ground. promote sports activities in the area as a whole.
Nongpoh: The driver of a commercial vehicle and several passengers were injured when the vehicle they were riding collided with the back of a truck, which was damaged and parked on the road. NH-6 road and falls under Umiam village.
He said that this government has failed in all aspects especially in the improvement or construction of schools for the benefit of the students in the rural areas.
When they reached the first gate to leave, which was guarded by a policeman of the 6th MLP Bn, the policeman tried to stop the robbers by shooting 10 bullets in the air.
It may be recalled that these youths who earn their living from this income have met on Saturday at Madan Student Jaiaw and requested the government to take action not to kill them. They are also ready to accept and pay any taxes.
At a time when the Supreme Court has lifted the ban on coal mining and continued to mine in a new era, the Government of India is not familiar with the rules regarding land acquisition laws as in Meghalaya where the land is owned by the private sector and not by the government as in other parts of the country where the land belongs to the government and people who want to mine have to apply and shim wai from the government to tih par.
Local entrepreneurs from all over Meghalaya attended the three-day Chief Minister's Start-up and Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) meeting.
“When we think about the need for electricity, we use it in many ways and types of work, it gives light in the dark, it also protects the environment, because in the past if you need light you have to burn it. but now we don't need such a thing anymore because we have the power of fire, but if the burden is greater than what we get, what will happen? The price of electricity has increased from T300 to T400, from T900 to T 4000 and so on. MDA II government, the Minister in charge of Electricity, MeECL and the district authorities, how will they act on this? “As responsible citizens, we have heard that the people have requested to reduce the electricity consumption.” Many complaints have been raised due to the increase in electricity bill, but no one has listened to this, we can no longer understand the working methods of this department especially in the construction of electricity bill and such can be explained only through the mathematical formula used in the field where mathematics, algebra, trigonometry, geometry and graph calculating can no longer answer, especially those who are still On the other hand, Bah Arkijuh Dkhar and Bah Becare Me O Nongtdu, Bah Arkijuh Dkhar and Bah Becare Me O Nongtdu, said that they have not understood this method of calculation. In relation to this increase in electricity bill, who will explain or explain to the people, where will the people go to get explanation? Have the leaders, civil society, NGOs done anything to solve this problem of the people?
The reason is because I want to write about the contributions that have been made.
Their intention to resign is after they understand that the strike will not succeed if they continue to strike by remaining in the cabinet.
In the midst of the fight against Covid-19, there has been an increase in the number of cases.
Ardent also expressed his regret over the rebuke of the two HSPDP MLAs to the party by going to meet with the government.
Others who attended the meeting were National Vice President Prestone Tynsong, National Treasurer James K Sangma, Tura MP Agatha K Sangma and Dr WR Kharlukhi.
As the wise saying goes, “Don't look at the thngiat of others, but look at the khung.
He said that the ADCs still need to receive funds from the Central Government for development works through the 15th Finance Commission and now they have to provide the necessary documents to get more. money.
Shillong, Naitung 8: The NSCN(K) led by SS Khaplang has given six months to the mobile company Airtel to leave Nagaland and to collect all the mobile phones. I'm from Nagaland.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Pelcy Snaitang said that Danggo's supporters have decided to leave the NPP because the leaders of the party are not ready to lead him. public.
Furthermore, it is very important that any person who heads the SWC should be independent and should not be a member of any political party.
Earlier, the Minister had said that in fact the mid-term elections should be held within six months of the vacancy of the seats of the people's leaders.
On this occasion, the members of the party without hesitation shouted slogans in front of Conrad Sangma while he was on his way to the opening ceremony of the C&RD Block Rambrai.
“When we held the meeting we didn't say anything to offend anyone, but what happened on the 9th when there was a shooting incident is an insult to West Khasi Hills,” he said.
He also urged the Central Government to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution according to the Resolution passed by the Legislative Assembly.
The Synroplang Village Organisation, Ratacherra has celebrated its 10th Anniversary by conducting a COVID-19 vaccination campaign and Malaria testing on Monday.
According to the information received under the Public Information Act, the Finance Department of the Meghalaya Government has shown that so far, 37,768 people have opened accounts since the implementation of the scheme. the 15 different banks in the state.
If you complete them at the last minute, they can affect the study time for other subjects.
Immediately after about 20 minutes, the residents of the area were seen leaving the area and fleeing the area to save themselves.
The Dorbar Shnong Nongbareh Lyntiar will hold an Educare Evening Musical Concert on the same day (7th October 2019) at the Football Ground Nongbareh Lyntiar at 3pm.
It can be done by reforming the mind and through the laws.
The offer is not available after getting a business wow Dkhar biejHaha Dkhar without brain and I know I am happy if I get 4 years to work.
Those who wish to participate can visit the website of the Press Council of India.
He said that if all the political parties join the NPP, it would be better.
Hollywood celebrity fitness trainer Vinnie Tortorich and Hollywood actress Serena Scott Thomas also took part in the Eco Challenge. .
He said that the council does not want to have any force between the government and the council but to speak in a way that is mutually understandable.
Meat inclusions always appear to be high in protein.
I don't want to talk about any party or candidate, but I will talk about the NPP. Let the election show itself, remember that the NPP is not a foreign party, it belongs to the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo who are the citizens of this state and I tell you, that this is the time for me to make a request to the citizens of the Parliamentary Seat, if they support me, I will be the first woman to go to Parliament. ".
Rahul Gandhi on Monday arrived in Meghalaya accompanied by MLAs and Congress office bearers to spread the message of the Bharat Jodo Nyay Yatra as part of the struggle against tyranny. the BJP Government in all respects.
On the other hand, the new Rangbah Shnong, Bah Aresstone Thabah, while addressing the people, said that this victory is the victory of the people.
Dr Mukul said it is wrong to allege that the state government does not want to formulate a mining plan as recommended by the NGT. the Mining Policy since 2009,” he said.
Therefore, the writer suggested to the writers, the participants and the Sengbhalang, that it would be better to throw balloons on the roofs of the vehicles, to recognize that these are the ones who really went on the vehicles. kam, that can't be avoided.
Police received a tip at 2.30 pm that the three men had left Silchar in a Maruti car and were heading to Umsning, Ri Bhoi District. Police have immediately raided the National Highway-6, near Ladrymbai Market, and at about 3 pm, police have stopped the vehicle. During the search, police recovered from the vehicle power stem, rong soh and after testing it was found to be heroin. The drugs were packed in soap boxes. good cough.
Shillong: The Catholic Church today celebrated Palm Sunday, a month before Good Friday to commemorate the entry of Jesus into Jerusalem as King. .
In this election, those voters who do not have EPIC but whose names are on the list, cannot bring their Aadhaar Card or MGNREGA Job Card, or their Passbook, Health Insurance Smart Card or Driving. License, PAN Card, Smart Card, Indian Passport, Pension document, Service Identity Card or Unique Disability ID (UDID) Card.
The Patharkhmah Administrative Unit has been in existence for 27 years since its establishment in 1995 and the Civil Sub Division has been a long-standing demand of the people for decades. Under the leadership of Bah Sosthenes Sohtun as MLA, the office of the Sub Divisional Officer (Civil) was inaugurated on that day.
“The decision of the Joint Director of Health Services to confirm the temporary employees is against the law of the government,” said the Vice President of the Association of Qualified Candidates, Grade IV-2 Bah Badon Pyre.
He said that 10 people including 4 engineers and 6 surveyors have arrived at the site but the equipment has not yet arrived and as soon as the equipment arrives, the work will start. task.
In the U-15 men's category, Batskhem Jyrwa of East Khasi Hills won the gold medal while Fedilia Lamare of East Khasi Hills won the women's medal.
He praised the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma for his ability to rule the state, as under his leadership, the state has been in peace and many development works have been carried out quickly.
Although the deadline for the registration of players has been set before the 10th of this month, the All India Football Federation (AFF) has extended it for Meghalaya.
He confirmed that the recent decision of the NIA to summon the top leaders of the HNLC is nothing because it has to be done.
Without talking about India, looking at the North East, we see that there is a great threat in the coming days, in which the city of Guwahati, which is the capital of India. However, it has now become the capital of the spread of the coronavirus and it appears that the borders of Meghalaya are no longer safe, as the disease has spread rapidly. in Guwahati.
There was a similar allegation that there was a corruption on the part of MeECL but when Rupang went to the office to get clarification and accountability, it showed the documents and said. The PRO of the department, Bah P.Sahkhar, said that it is true that the electricity supply has not been counted for the months since the cut-off. cut bording but it is the old one that is counted with the interest.
Attempts were made to question him, but they were not present at the time and it is not clear how it happened as Chetri could not speak when questioned.
We hope that the state police will arrest those people and punish them according to the rules of law.
He said the government has to spend T.418 crore to pay the salaries of school teachers per annum and T.118 crore for the arrear.
The celebration was concluded with a welcome speech by Dr.D.Blah who is also the Addl.DMHO to all those who attended the meeting including the Chief Guest, Medical Officers and all those who were invited. Dr. Pohshna, MS, Bethany Outreach Hospital.
A short meeting was also held on the occasion by Bah SK Budnah, President of Mawlangwir Sports Club followed by a short speech by Bah NS Wanniang, Minister of Mawlangwir Village.
The Chief Minister said the government has a goal to make the state one of the top 40 states in the next 40 years in terms of income. the individual and other sources of income.
Horkit! horde! It is not permissible to insult, insult one's parents after they are old because they are the ones who take care of them from the beginning, the educators and the educators until they get a job or learn. The bill is the responsibility of supporting one's own family and one's own household.
“About 14,164 kilos of plastic were seized and sent to the relevant authorities for recycling and for making benches, boards and T-shirts from plastics.
The District Council has ordered its officers to complete the investigation within six months and if found guilty, he will be restored to the throne.
Furthermore, since 1946 after the detonation of nuclear bombs into the Pacific Ocean has severely affected marine life and this has caused many problems and threatened the people living in the islands of the Pacific Ocean. Thailand in the South Pacific until now.
Speaking to media, Bah Pynïaid, who has filed his nomination papers for the election as Chief Executive Member (CEM), said that after the dissolution of the Executive Committee, the KHDF was formed. He will lead the new Executive Committee in which he has been elected as Chairman of KHDF and Bah PN Syiem as Vice-Chairman.
Therefore, the voters and political parties should think carefully about this statement of Bah Paul Lyngdoh, because if the people had won 15 out of 47 UDP candidates and 5 out of 11 candidates. The HSPDP has no problem with the ethnic parties ruling the state.
The name Jaintia does not refer to the ethnicity but to the place and in earlier times it was also called the Hima Sutnga and this Hima was inhabited by the Khasi (Pnar) from the areas. Therefore, we understand that the word Jaintia means a place and we are one nation.
He said that every year the organization awards special prizes of T.1.50 lakh to 60 poets.
Five people were killed in the crash of a helicopter belonging to Leicester Football Club owner Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha. the pilot of the helicopter and the follower of the pilot of the helicopter.
It was during this period of intense border crossing by the army that they faced opposition from the indigenous people, especially from the Garo leader of that year, Pa-Togan Negminza Sangma, who refused to obey the order. the rule of the Bilat army.
The House also paid tribute to Tuber MDC Obil Kyndait who has been the CEM, Chairman and Leader of the Tuber Constituency for six terms.
Rev TT Diengdoh Member of the Home, Risuklang Byrsat Superintendent of the Home, A. Sylliang Member of the Society and others.
He said the Human Resources Development (HRD) department is ready to introduce the stories of the North East in schools and at the UGC. started at the borders.
“However, I leave it to the party leaders whether they want me to contest or not,” said John.
The deadline for submission of applications is on or before 7.12.22 at 2 pm to the Hon. General Secretary WJDSA Jowai.
During the raid, the security forces seized 35 rounds of ammunition and other weapons.
He said the seminar should attract the youth to the G20 Presidency of India and inform them about the discussions on various topics.
In the hospital category, the winner was the Sanitation Department of NEIGRIHMS. In the poster drawing competition, the winner was Barbie Kalita of Lady Keane College and Robinstar Ryntathiang.
Leonerd Patrick Nongbri scored the first goal for Mawkriah West SC in the 23rd minute.
According to Kong Ampareen, when the court dismissed the case in 2010, these families did not fight anymore and listened.
So that which is good shall be given unto you.
After the second half, Jyntru scored the fourth goal through Jefferson Nongphlang (74') and Emanbha scored the first goal in the same minute after Ferenstar Kharkongor. (75') managed to turn the tide for Laitryngew, but they lost 5-4
I'm going to go to the Age of Science.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the refusal of the Congress MLAs to sit in the House during the speech of the Governor of Meghalaya, is a violation of their rank. of Lat.
The constituency division committee is conducting its first public hearing in Nongpoh and the next in other places like Nongstoin, Mawkyrwat.
Therefore, it is necessary for the citizens to work together with the teachers for the betterment of the state and the nation as a whole.
The preservation of these fish in this river will be a great blessing not only to the present generation but especially to the future generations and will also be part of the protection and preservation of the environment. This is the statement sent by Samla Wanpyndap Mawiong, Publicity Secretary of KSU Nongsder Unit.
RK Ram Rymbai will receive full support from Tuber while Puramon Kynjing will receive full support from Jowai.
Brighstar said the struggle is not over until the government re-appoints the officers who have been dismissed from the Lokayukta.
In the first leg, Lumkhangdong beat Luti Tuber Ïalong 2-1
He has been missing since the 26th of this month at 7:00pm.
After the implementation of GST, we believe that the Police will not interfere with our work because we have provided proper documents but we are forced to pay the money even though many of the trucks have the necessary documents to travel on the roads.
In a statement issued by the residents of Samatan, Shillong, Thadsning, Thangrain, Barato, Mukroh, Maitdein and other villages in the area, they expressed their grief. The HNYF-JC has issued a statement against these quarrymen that they should immediately stop this work which has disrupted the traffic of the people. bring injuries and tragic events.
The Seng Khasi land at Mylliem Rim Market is 30 feet by 30 feet high and was received on 10th November, 2010 from the Sankur Khadwei Kur in the eastern part of the land. that where.
However, Bah Pay has refused to accept because he received this scheme in 2010-2011, said Bah Dohtdong.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 450 new cases have been confirmed and the number of active cases has risen to 4430 in the state.
It is difficult but you have to ask yourself if you agree to do this.
At any time on this day, believers and churches can participate in this program by offering special prayers for God's mercy and healing – in unity with believers around the world. your country.
It is a pleasure and a pride for the country that different groups live together,” Yadav said while addressing a meeting with the Bunkar group at Gyan Bhawan in Bihar.
If we count to date, there may be more and more people who are addicted to drugs.
In the middle of that moment, There was a loud voice;
The President of the HYC, Bah Roykupar Synrem, said that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has expressed his surprise that there are only 195 households, according to the figures submitted to the Government by the Urban Development Department. said that there are 342 families whom the Government will relocate from the area.
The central theme of the program is 'Animal Health and Productivity'
The State Government has confirmed that two residents of the State have been in contact with a person from Assam who has tested positive for Covid-1 in October last year in Shillong.
May this Shad Suk Mynsiem of ours fill us with encouragement that we will not fall – not succumb to evil temptations and destructive thoughts and from now on, we will gradually rise in this humanity that will grow.
The release of this news has also raised concerns regarding the quality of food and beverages sold in the state.
In a government report submitted to the High Court, it was revealed that there are about 16 weighing stations in operation across the state, and next month, the number of weighing stations in operation will increase to of 23 pieces.
The youngster played well and took the golden opportunity to overtake the other drivers to get ahead.
Prestone said that the people who involve and create trouble are unemployed children, who just want to create trouble and the government cannot just sit and watch, but will take action. on this matter.
But the question that arises now is whom shall we blame? whom shall I blame? who shall I give thee? whom shall I praise, or whom shall I praise? What about the leaders? Or are you the people who chose them? We have to answer this question for ourselves and seek the truth.
The seven MDCs who will contest the election include Jowai MDC A. Andrew Shullai, Khakutta MDC Cherak W. Momin, Mendipathar MDC Pardinand D. Shira, Resubelpara MDC Rinaldo K. Sangma, Williamnagar MDC Alphonsush R. Marak, Selsella MDC Agassi R. Marak and Gambegre MDC Sadhiarani M. Sangma.
Shillong: The road from NH-6 to Dong Pahar-Umkiang village in Umkiang village has collapsed this morning.
It is for this reason that God calls upon His people, saying, “Come, my people, enter into the police, and shut the doors round about; hide yourselves for a while until the wrath is healed, for the Lord is coming to punish their iniquity.
Protests from many churches have emerged after the organizers of Cherry Blossom announced the date of the festival, which is scheduled to end on Sunday. demand the Government to postpone the deadline, which was scheduled for 19th November.
He said that if anyone is found violating these rules, they will be punished and if the shopkeepers violate these rules, they will be punished and their shops will be closed down.
Those who have received ILP, enter and leave more quickly and do more than others who do not have ILP who have to hide and be vigilant, because they enter without permission.
However, with the construction of this road from Umdang to Nongjaïaw, it has been a blessing to the people, who have now become more comfortable in transportation, walking, especially in case of illness. Small vehicles are now able to reach easily.
“I have seen the humility, selflessness and hard work of Bah Charles Marngar as a junior MDC to work and serve the Mawhati Constituency especially when the people are facing problems at the border, the outbreak of Covid-1 “It's why I'm one of the elders and my supporters who have decided to support Bah Charles, even though the UDP has defeated me and removed my ticket,” he said. said Mr. Denis.
These letters were indeed a weapon to fight against the corruption and evil deeds of the British.
Speaking on the occasion, Biangbor Pyrkhat Nongsiang said that the youth are the future of the country and the nation. all sides.
Revelation 20:1
The union demands that the forest department should immediately introduce measures to clean up these two rivers so as not to endanger the health of the people.
He entered politics in 2013 by contesting the election and winning from the 42-Wakching Assembly Constituency as an independent candidate.
"Bahdeng said again. "It's your kindness... Even I don't have anyone like you... If I don't like Kongthei, I'll be dead..." LanoKa Lanosha said. I was very sorry for Mrs. Daplin.
Shillong, Lber 31: The Khasi Students Union (KSU)-Mawprem Circle on Tuesday closed down all the banks in the area due to the holding of work on this holy day by the Christians. which is known as Easter Sunday or Easter Sunday.
Nangkiew have drawn two out of three matches while Mawkhar have drawn only one.
Famous singers from Sohra and Shillong as well as Strait Brothers, Bah Rana Kharkongor, Summer Salt and others will also perform at the festival.
The ration will be issued next month and the quota for May and June will be received from the FCI in April and will be distributed in April.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: A few months ago, after receiving a complaint from the residents, Meghalaya Agrovet Pvt.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh today distributed awards to groups and individuals who have promoted tourism in collaboration with Outlook Travelers. and the State Tourism Department at a meeting at the State Convention Centre.
Shillong, March 22 : U Vincent H Pala, President of the Congress and MP from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, has slammed the National People's Party (NPP) and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) for speaking only words without any rights. on the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
It is true that it is necessary to come and buy but to come and go with the rules because the government has allowed to come and go with the rules (social distancing) but it is you and me who are violating.
Jowai, March 25: A child identified as Kitbok Dkhar, 12, from Mooshrot village, West Jaintia Hills District, has gone missing from his home since the 24th of this month at 07:00 pm. 00 am in the morning.
Jowai, March 27: A woman named Julimem Dkhar (46) of Wapungshnong village, East Jaintia Hills has been shot dead by her husband. Dwis Phawa of Mupyut village, West Jaintia Hills who committed this crime to rob his wife.
A person who has only obtained a Learner license must be accompanied by another driver who has a valid licence.
“However, at the public meeting, I was happy to listen to his speech because if other MLAs who are younger speak, I don't want to hear, but the Umsning MLA speaks. I respect him and I am surprised that he has asked questions about the wishes of the VPP and that the VPP has not expressed what it wants”.
She explained the reasons why a person takes his life and said it is because they are affected by mental illness.
Sourav will also talk to the MCA management to sign an agreement with his academy so that the MCA can send students from the state for training at his training center in Kolkata.
Prizes were also awarded to the winners of the drawing and essay writing competition.
According to Kong Jes Lyngdoh, at the time of the incident, only two people were in the house of Kong Jes and Elis Lyngdoh at about 3:00 pm when they heard the sound. and they fled out of the city.
The house was identified as Lakyntishisha Kharwaniang and Donbor Nongrang, while the child was identified as Babitpyrkhat Kharwaniang.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: U Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan today inspected the newly opened Dawki Land Port, which is operated by the Land Port Authority of India (LPAI). ) with the Integrated Check Post (ICP).
The District School Education Officer (DSEO) of East Khasi Hills District (SDEO) has rejected the appointment of teachers who have worked for a long time and who have completed their Bachelor of Education (B.Ed) degree. ), which has stipulated that the post of Principal or Vice Principal should be appointed only by those who have completed the Post Graduate degree.
These selected players are the best performers in the U-19 Girls Inter District Cricket Tournament which ended recently.
For the Garo Hills, Notification dated July 1875 and Notification No. 229 R. Dated 25 January 1929 were issued.
“On the other hand, the state government feels that the railway line at Byrnihat is necessary because in the past, we have seen the danger of truck drivers from other states. “Because of the Covid-19 pandemic, there has been a shortage of food and if there is a freight railway in the state, it will reduce this,” he added.
However, it was Remdor Kharkrang who opened the scoring in the 16th minute, but Madanryting managed to turn the tide through Wandrick Mawrie in the 40th minute.
He also expressed his regret to see that many people who are selfish only on social media to say that they love the nation only for themselves while they don't come back to the field to knieh noh their jobs. They didn't have any foreign countries.
Besides, there will also be a storytelling, poetry reading, song competition, storytelling through music, information competition and others.
“I dare to say as an elder, there is no one like Bah PT Sawkmie who has worked so hard for the good of Mawlai,” said the Secretary Shnong.
Helen Giri, born on 7th October 1944, is a prominent traditional musician from Meghalaya and has taken part in the development and preservation of traditional dance.
“One of the largest and most expensive Sound and Light show galleries on this hill has been built at a cost of T6,54,93958.00, but there is no construction at this site,” he said.
Financial assistance was provided to 22 businesses for the future of local entrepreneurs.
The demands of the Union are to immediately appoint teachers in the vacant posts in various departments, to look into the delay in education, to provide to repair the accommodation inside the hostel, to resolve problems within the departments of the university, to provide health facilities for the students. students, to meet the shortage of textbooks in the Library and other issues.
Hek said he is ready to accept the TMC MLAs to join the BJP. At the same time, if the talks with the TMC are successful, they will arrange with JP. Nadda, who is the President of the BJP in Delhi, along with BJP leaders in the state.
Speaking on the customs and traditions in Ri Khasi and especially in Ri Bhoi, Prestone Tynsong said that even the government is taking great care to preserve the customs and traditions, because it is only in the customs and traditions. which can further develop and attract tourism in the state.
Shillong: Twenty-two persons have been arrested in connection with the protest in Motphran, but today police have revealed the names of 30 persons who have been arrested in connection with the same incident. arrest in their respective days and as it turns out so far, 52 people have been arrested.
The answer is that it depends on our own understanding.
In the afternoon, the message from the Word of God was distributed by Rev GPL Gadew and both the public services were conducted by the Moderator Elect Rev CS Laloo.
Jowai, Lber 14: Dr. H. Carehome Pakynteiñ (DTM, DMHS) is one of the leading traditional healing services providers in Jaintia Hills.
“I hope that the next government will be non-Congress,” said Bah Nongsiej.
Dhaka: Sheikh Hasina, Prime Minister of Bangladesh, on 14th June 2020, distributed TK 2,500 per household to benefit 5 million people. families.
At this meeting, Bah Ardent spoke about many of the issues he has faced as a leader including the issue that the HSPDP has been involved in in the past few months, the MUDA border crossing. He said that MUDA is the only department to implement the schemes of the central government for the development of the city and it is not like the Municipal. “The residents should not be afraid because the Municipal is a department which cannot extend its boundary to the areas under the jurisdiction of the District Council or Schedule Areas and if it wants to come, it can come,” he said. that according to the constitution the country cannot be invaded.
“I am confident that through God's guidance from behind, as a school, it will continue to grow,” said Gavin.
I have nothing to do with them anymore.
The BJP candidate from East Shillong constituency, Bah Wankitbok Pohshna, said that in the last three years, the people of the state have not been satisfied with the NPP-led government.
According to the judgment of the VDP of Mynthlu Village since receiving the letter from the family of (L) Sonarios Chyrmang dated 9/08/2
At the same time, he said he did not want to say anything on the legal notice sent to him until he saw it and added that what he said inside the House was in the public domain, although it was remove this part later.
On the other hand, Bah Paul blamed the Congress for the failure of the electricity department to turn off the power for many hours in the state.
"After talking to the officers, we are happy to cooperate with the Government this month of June and June and we will see in the first month of July," he said.
According to the letter sent to the Deputy Commissioner, the union has said that there are illegal traders who do not follow the guidelines of Notification No.MG19/2019/189, Dated Shillong, the 08th. of November 2022, Government of Meghalaya, without the permission or approval of the Secretary of the Ministry of Mines and Geology.
The ceremony was held at the Dorbar Hall, Sajer Nongpoh in the presence of the Sirdar of Nongpoh Sirdarship, Bah Wanphrang Syiem in the presence of the Secretary. The Hima, Bah Stoin Syngkli, Ministers, Village Leaders and the residents of Nongpoh.
She said that in this age, it is difficult to wait for government jobs.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the people of Meghalaya should spread the news of Meghalaya's independence. a path that is straight without any bloodshed.
At least four soldiers are under investigation in connection with the shooting incident, police said.
Let's look at the National Agnipath Scheme.
"This honor you have brought is something we will proclaim from time to time and this honor you have brought, believe that it will be an example for the football players who have the desire to play," he said. said Mr. Hamlet.
As it appears through this tournament for the second time, the teams have improved in their playing style from shooting, carrying and shooting.
Virat Kohli scored 55 runs (6x4s) without losing a wicket.
Criticizing the Opposition coalition called 'INDIA', Modi said that all the leaders in this group have a desire to become the Prime Minister of the country.
According to a letter signed by Augustine Shanpru, President of the union, the illegal collection of money by trucks has been on the National Highway and state government roads.
Many incidents should have happened in this area but in the last dorbar it has already been decided to explain and they should go in the right direction because the village has the right to look after the peace and order of the village. safe", she added.
In the Slogan Competition, the winners were St. Vincent De Paul LPS, Muthlongrim Govt.
He said that the government's revenue loss per annum is not less than Rs 200 crore per annum due to the closure of liquor shops in the state.
He said the delay in implementing this policy is due to the fact that the government has to review the laws that are in conflict with the central government.
Your husband, Dikanchi D Shira, in 2014, has more than T.10 crore.
Other issues are to increase the number of seats for MSC students, as there are many students studying in this line, another is their demand to reserve 50% of the seats from for NEHU students to enroll for M.Phil.
“The time will come when if they don't steal easily, they will reach the border to carry weapons and enter the streets,” he said. home".
However, due to the refusal of the district administration to hold the strike until death, Bah Nongrum has taken the path of strike without setting a time limit.
A detailed overview was presented highlighting the progress of various development projects, the challenges faced by the Government and its achievements.
Even this name has stolen the rights of the Adivasis.
Besides, a Drawing competition and an Essay writing competition were also held in which more than 1000 students from different schools came to take part in these competitions which started in the morning.
Shillong: The teachers of the Government Lower Primary School Contractual Teachers Association (GOTA) have expressed their dissatisfaction that the job they used to do which is the job of earning a living, has been lost. They have been removed immediately for the reason that they did not pass the MTET exam.
Furthermore, warning signs have been set up to check if there are houses that have been destroyed in their neighbourhoods.
The Prime Minister has spoken well to all on this occasion.
“The government should also remember that commercial taxis have paid a high tax and therefore by banning them from these places it shows that they don't care about them.
Peace and harmony:–– Think of a world without love?.
“The illegal appointment of Rohit Prasad (as technical officer/senior consultant) has no support from NEHU and is a violation of the UGC Model CRR,” said Kma.
At the same time, he said that these organizations request and urge the CEM and the Council as a whole to take action on this issue and send a summons to him to explain to us on this statement. your writings at any time or place.
Believers cannot grow without fellowship and without fellowship the Christian life is incomplete.
Karl Barth, the great theologian, called Jesus "a man for others" or a man who lived for others.
It is learned that after the incident, the robbers fled the scene.
“I am only a supporter of Stephanson Mukhim candidate of the NPP and I am not an MLA, MDC or way candidate to contest the election, but I am surprised to see the allegations of Lahkmen. only during the elections to mislead the people,” said Prakash.
The victims are the house of Kong Itailis Khymdeit and Bah Tiwen Warjri, who have five children. and all the vessels that are in the house.
Nongstoiñ: The Miangbyrkong Lower Primary School in Langpih area has been destroyed by the Assam government in 2011 and unfortunately the school, which has been in existence for nine years, has not received its The school building was suitable for holding schools, but she had to use the Catholic Church in the village.
Shillong: U Saleng Sangma, President of the National Congress Party (NCP) of Meghalaya, today asked why the people and political parties follow only the department of James PK. Sangma said that in fact all the departments are in the midst of a terrible crisis.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the statement of Congress Spokesperson Randeep Singh Surjewala, is only a show of faith.
Now the leaders of the party will try to keep quiet about their involvement with the government together with the BJP, but if they give such reasons, it shows that it will be just a joke. The NPP has made it clear that it is still with the BJP, but the NPP has withdrawn from the NEDA. The MLA elections in Selsella and the MP elections in Tura were held smoothly.
He also thanked the parents who have encouraged their children in this game.
On the 20th of this month, the Supreme Court gave Bhushan until 24th July 2020 to think carefully and apologize for his remarks.
He said that the government should immediately stop these expenditure of public money and stop the appointment of Chairman. said Mr. Synrem.
Referring to the speech of the Minister of Taxation, who spoke to the media to repeal the Meghalaya Gaming Act 2021, Donbok said that as a strong organization against the casino, the James PK Sangma's speech is not clear whether he is speaking strongly or not and if he has a shisha, he should not send notifications to check.
“We want to have a national party to rule the state and we will have to hold a meeting to take a decision,” said Bah Ardent.
Shillong: Police in East Jaintia Hills District have arrested a man for allegedly extorting money and threatening another man at Lumshnong Police Station.
Those who attended the function included Bah Joseph Syngklim, President Nongpoh Circle, Bah Fullbok Lyngdoh, General Secretary, Bah K. Suting, Rangbah Shnong of Pahamrioh and others.
Mixed Doubles Mebanker Shullai & Emilanadaka Chyrmang beat Hrisami Passah & Ribhalang Passah 21-16, 14-21, 21-8.35+Mens Doubles Subadonbor Pyngrope & Naresh Asher beat Dr Peterson Lamare & Damehi Kyndidy.
Shillong, Naitung 21: Police have arrested a suspect and 10 mobile phones from Paltan Bazar.
He alleged that there are many cases of corruption in the implementation of the JJM in West Garo Hills District and said that the PHE department has shown expenditure without implementing the JJM scheme in the northern parts of West Garo Hills. Hills district.
For Tura, all seven bowlers took wickets while Mikchikime (2/8) and Terisha S Marak (2/15) took two wickets. WJH will face Shillong Cricket Association in Group B while South Garo Hills DCA will face North Garo Hills in Zone
“If the driver refuses to listen, he should lodge a complaint with the police,” said the SP. the need for peaceful living in the community.
Ismail Marak was elected from the Congress, left the BJP and later returned to the Congress.
BJP Member expressed regret that many elders or political parties have not been able to take part in the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya for many reasons such as the border demarcation with Assam, the ILP, Khasi language, demands like Bah Adelbert Nongrum MLA and MASSASA and others. I understand that many churches don't trust the MDA Government led by the BPP. I believe in what our ancestors have arranged since 1969 through the Assam Re-Organization (Meghalaya) Act 1969 and the role of both the Re-Organization Committees. The Revenue Officer with the assistance of the Survey of India should carry a GPS to find the actual boundary between the Garo Hills District and the United Khasi and Jaintia Hills District which has become Meghalaya. and that is the boundary between Meghalaya and Assam.
Kalita was also accompanied by two policemen, Constable Faijur Rahman and Home Guard Afjal Ali.
Ennocent said that these people are two names of one person from two places and alleged that this is a widespread misconduct by the election committee and if it cannot resolve it, the party will stand against the election committee. According to the Saw Raid Act 1997 of KHADC, one person should get one vote.
Shillong: The BCCI has selected nine players from Meghalaya for the North East Senior Men's Camp to start next month.
I don't want the railway to come to our country.
The shooting 3 times at different times was more Aram.
It is to be recalled that in the past few months, HANM, WW under the leadership of Kong B.Jyrwa as President, has met with the Executive Engineer of PWD, Nongpoh Division, Bah Y. Laloo on the grounds of investigating the facts on the delay of the government in approving the Details Project Report (DPR) and also to start the construction of the Single Lane Road from 13 Mer to Killing which has already been used by government since last months.
The UDP has accused the NPP of being alone in the demarcation of the border and has also accused the FOCUS scheme and others of misleading the people.
The number of people who have been vaccinated against the virus has now dropped to 6 lakh per day, from 8 lakh per day earlier, during the offering of donations through gambling.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 65 cases including 14 cases from Armed Forces, 19 cases from high risk, 5 cases from ILI, 1 case from driver, 4 cases from outside, 1 case from SARI, 1 case from Golflink cluster. 2 health workers, one from IGP cluster, one from Laban cluster, 3 from Laitumkhrah cluster, one from Langkyrding cluster, one from Lummawbah cluster, one from Lumpynngad cluster, 2 from Madanryting cluster, 4 from Mawlai cluster, Mawdatbaki, One from Mawlai Mawkynroh Cluster, one from Mawlai Phutmuri Cluster, one from Police Personnel and one from Pynthor Cluster.
Continuing the tie at 18/0, Haryana scored 52 runs before losing the opening tied wicket by Meghalaya spin bowler Aryan Bora.
Regarding the reports that there is a ban on Assam vehicles from coming to Meghalaya, they said that it is not true, but they only banned them from carrying passengers from the parking lots. They are not banned from entering and at present the ban on brokers is only from Assam.
The officer said that the Magistrate and the police who were present at the scene, did not want to use force against the members of these Sengbhalang and even the police, who witnessed the incident, it was stated, that they could do nothing.
He then continued his answer by saying that he would make it possible for the players to go to Ranchi and immediately Shangpliang said, “The game in Ranchi is over”.
Among the many reasons, perhaps we can say that one of the reasons for the influx of other ethnic groups to these beloved mountains of ours is the stingy attitude of some of us, that we don't appreciate the work we do. work or live to earn a living every day, while other ethnic groups work hard to earn a living for whatever opportunity they have due to the lack of jobs in their hometowns or villages.
To remain silent is a mistake for the Government of India.
In the first century, the Church, although a small group, lived to continue the work of Jesus and to preach the gospel.
The books he edited and wrote are:- He and Rev. JC Evans were the founders of the newspaper, U Nongialam Christian in
According to reports, some of them received letters demanding money from the party and others received them through WhatApp and those who sent them used Bangladesh Phone number.
He said that they expect constructive feedback.
After his arrest, Bormanik reluctantly signed a contract with the British East India Company.
This year, the Raij Jowai has had to complete the lehniam in two stages because last year 2018 the Raij was not able to complete the lehniam and this year they have been able to complete the lehniam. to complete this ceremony in a peaceful and happy atmosphere with the participation of the elders and youth.
Shillong, November 12 : U Justice Brojendra Prasad Katakey, Chairman of the Single Member Committee (SMC), on Tuesday refused to accept the report of the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Jaintia Hills District. Behind Don Bosco College, Byndihati, he is not only a graduate but also an old graduate.
Speaking to media on 2nd November 2021, Conrad K Sangma said that the defeat of the Congress party was due to the party's split especially in Rajabala and this has caused trouble. The Congress party has been fighting against each other in Mawphlang and Mawryngkneng Constituencies.
For health and eternal life.
Besides, even the Nongwah-Mawtamur is not owned by the Government of Assam.
Police recovered 689 SPSHEN capsules, 113 Nitracel rounds, a smartphone and 5000 tyngka.
Maxwell B Syiem MPS (SP, SB-II) will replace Herbert G Lyngdoh, MPS as SP. Economic Offenses Wing under CID Shillong.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A. Sangma from time to time, has expressed his determination to take action in the Legislative Assembly.
Where shall we not be lost if the political wit and political will of the Meghalaya Legislature or the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly and the District Council is weak and limited? Are the MLAs and MDCs of this state afraid of the High Court or the Government of India or the Supreme Court? Is Meghalaya the only state in the world? Doesn't the International Court of Justice of the UN exist? Are there no other countries in the world who are still watching the atrocities of India? If so, why should we be afraid to defend our fundamental rights? The Government of Meghalaya should show itself that it too is a government within the borders of our State. it should be understood that she is not just a child or a domestic servant of the Central Government or the Government of India.
“I would like to inform the constituency that in the 2023 elections I am ready to contest from one party and not because I have turned against KHNAM but I believe that the people know well and they are ready to contest from one party. understand why because of the demands of the nature of the work within the organization and because of the demands of the work I will have to leave to prepare for another without forgetting the promises I have made before the citizens.
Nongstoiñ, June 28: The Northeast Institute of Professional Studies (NeIPS) Nongstoiñ, as a blessing, has continued its service from time to time and has been a source of hope to the youth of Nongstoin, between this era of extreme unemployment.
Regarding the seizure of firearms, the police department has not yet announced whether any of the suspects have been arrested.
This is the fourth day that the number of cases has risen to 3 lakh per day.
The total amount of money seized in the past few days is 35,02,000 tyngka.
The program was inaugurated by Bah Olden Nongpluh, General Manager and Officer-in-Charge, Reserve Bank of India, Shillong. from the BDO office, Nongstoin Block and other officers from banks operating in the Nongstoin area.
The areas under the demarcation in the second phase are Karbi Anglong and West Jaintia Hills districts.
The recovered weapons include two AK rifles and a carbine.
The vision of the ancestors is not only in the roster system but in all aspects, let us forget or put behind their shortcomings, let us not ignore them because maybe they are still stupid and lacking. but the sad and honorable thing for us the children of the nineteenth generation is that until these years when many have learned and perhaps if it is not yet. But our leaders like those leaders of the past are still blindfolded, they don't see and they don't open their eyes for the future of the nation. but if there be any that will correct or guide them.
However, at this meeting, Dr Roberts stressed on the need for hospital treatment to bring about proper health and treatment.
Furthermore, the union expressed its concern by saying how can the people live with these factories, when within 5 kilometers there are 5-6 cement plants, how can the health of the people? At the same time, he said that in terms of employment, the union has already witnessed that indigenous people get only 25 percent while 75 percent. He added that this influx of foreigners has opened the door for the illegal entry of unknown mynder and this has caused trouble. He said that these are the few issues that the party has raised and expressed to the Doloi.
According to him, there are also rules that require vehicles to follow the rules of how much goods to carry but there is no implementation of this in the state.
At the same time, Harrison has already said that he doesn't want anyone else to play his role and this role will end only if he doesn't want to play it anymore.
There may be some intelligent students who want to enroll in these leading institutions but due to the lack of tuition fees, they have not been able to do so".
On this occasion, the Secretary of the Village Council, Samla Comforward Nongsiej and the Assistant Secretary, Bah Colonoly Syiemlieh, were also elected.
On the other hand, the Seng said that this has caused a huge loss to the students especially those who are preparing for the Matriculation or SSLC examination. Therefore, the Seng urges the relevant department to take immediate action. on this issue so that the students of the school can benefit fully, especially in relation to the students who are preparing for the matric examination.
However, ethnic groups like the Khasi, instead of showing their antiquity, brought to these areas the valuable knowledge in agriculture and which has made the whole of India a the city was bright and prosperous.
“I see only this when I talk to the people in the North East that if the robbery is sudden or gradual, if it continues to happen, a professor said. , that the people of the North East instead of Khulom will take up arms, at that time the armed conflict is because of the violence and to preserve the identity of their people,” said the leader. Shillong, Nailur, 06: The North Eastern Hills University Students Union (NEHUSU) has given only 40 days to the NEHU authorities to review the grading system implemented at the university.
The purpose of the meeting is also to inform the BLOs who have to enter every house to collect information for the Election Commission of India so that they can be vigilant in the future against such illegal immigrants. violate the law and unfounded harassment of the BLO on social media.
The independent inquiry was appointed by Justice (Retired) Mool Chand Garg of the Madhya Pradesh High Court on 29th November.
Those who violate or violate the provisions of this Act shall be punished accordingly.
At the same time, he will also inaugurate the Step Down Covid Hospital with 50 beds which was already inaugurated by Bah AL Hek. There will also be a Children Ward, Children ICU, Adult ICU and Adult Beds for the fourth outbreak of Covid-1 100 beds.
“We on behalf of the KSU-JHDU give our full support to the KSU Sengkmie and also to the NESO on the stand against the CAB,” he added.
Despite these problems faced by the people, there is also a strong opposition from the people on the excessive increase in the tax on petrol and to demand that the government should immediately increase the price of petrol. petrol/diesel, but we see that the government is silent and ignoring the grievances of the people.
The UDP will contest again against Bah Pius Marwein, the party's candidate in the last election who won by 2000 votes against Danggo.
Police also arrested two women members of the BJP Mahila Morcha, Bellina M. Marak, 32, of Dobasipara, WGH and Dilche Ch.
The closing ceremony will be attended by the Chief Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar, Local MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, Damanbait Lamare MLA Umroi and others.
It is worth mentioning that all the children who attend the school live in a dilapidated house, but for a while they were happy, because the school has been able to build a new school building. However, since the Assam police came to destroy the school, the students have had to stay in the same school which has been destroyed, but now they don't get it anymore. The opportunity to go to school, because the building where they used to go to school all the time is no longer suitable for the children to use as a place to seek education.
Speaking at the two meetings, he said that T.10.87 crore has been released for the improvement of the Rymphum Valley, and other tourist attractions, including water sports, water sports, to turn waste into wealth. and others from the improvement of roads.
"We want to know the circumstances of this case.
He said that now is the time for the people to allow the UDP and the ethnic parties to rule and not to allow those from Lum Garo to rule. “We have a strong team, we are As a football team we know your needs and you don't know how to talk about education but let us know what you need, we can do it. “If we come to power, it is time for us to rule and not from Garo Hills,” he said.
According to Bah Nicky Kharthangmaw, President of the Association, the purpose of the festival is to raise funds to support the school in this celebration. The 60th Anniversary of the school will be celebrated on the 29th November, 2022 at St. Michael's Higher Secondary School, Umsning.
“As the beef sellers' association, we have decided to stop selling meat and we allow the beef sellers to do whatever they want,” said Bah Generous.
Nongstoin, Nailar 30: To raise awareness among the people on the need to take care of the environment and to increase income through the cultivation of useful crops, the State Government, through the Department of Horticulture, has distributed More than 2,000 seedlings of special varieties of siej for the Nongstoin C&RD Block to be planted in different villages in the Block.
It is learned that the state government will soon send a reminder letter to the KHADC to expedite the submission of the list of Rangbah Shnongs.
In Ribhoi district, there are six new cases and these include three high risk cases, one case of ILI and one case of screening.
After the meeting, a tree planting ceremony was held at the college compound in the presence of Chief Manager of Canara Bank Sunil Kumar Gupta.
Kordial Nongdhar scored two goals for Nongrim in the 14th and 24th minutes while Banlamlynti Nongpluh scored one goal for Synroplang in the 26th minute.
The OC said that after receiving a tip, they raided the residence of Imam Hussain of Rangia Bongaon, Ward No.3, area. A Renault Triber vehicle (AS01EG 9585) carrying two cows and other items was seized from Rangia Police Station in Kamrup district. go and shoot them.
Shillong: The state today has the lowest number of covid cases with 134 cases while 260 cases have recovered.
Shillong, Nailar 12: Police today arrested a member of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) from Ringre Market.
Police have registered a case and the investigation is ongoing to arrest the perpetrators.
One of the residents of the house, Kong Imanosha Ryndem, said that she has small children at home and she herself went to sell in the market since morning. “I thank God that my children are safe from this terrible incident,” she said.
A man carrying cattle was injured when he was shot dead by unidentified persons in Para in Lucknow, police said yesterday.
“I will also write to all the Chief Ministers of the North East to send the participants to this festival,” he said.
Diego, before scoring the team's first goal, missed both of his attempts, but in the third attempt he managed to raise his name on the table. points.
Flying squads have also been deployed to verify and register cases against any violators of the rules.
Khliehriat, Nailur 27: Leaders and members of the Jaintia Students Movement (JSU) today marched back to Lumshnong and closed down the toll gate of the National Highway Authority of India (JSU) in Lumshnong. The tollgate was opened without informing the union, where the union yesterday went to close the tollgate but after a few hours the workers opened the tollgate.
The first match will be between Sawlyngdoh HSS vs Pdengshakap SS at 2 pm and Moodymmai SS vs St Claret at 3:30 pm.
In North Garo Hills, one case has been reported and in West Jaintia Hills, one case has been reported.
Shillong, Nailar 13: Nine Thyllaw residents have been seriously injured in a shooting incident by Mawlyngbna residents on the 12th of this month at their farm called Ri Thang.
The Symbud Prime Minister in charge of PWD (Roads) said that the World Bank has approved to implement the project in the Engineering Procurement Construction (EPC) Mode.
Pastor Mohrmen said that the initiative of the youth to learn how to make Khiew Ranei has encouraged and there is hope to develop this industry which is one of the sources of income.
“Help the poor to develop their nation, to be united together, to develop the country and peace to come to the world”.
When asked, Bah Paul said, “This is also part of the investigation and a show cause has already been given to the Chairperson for her participation in the election campaigns.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah PN Syiem expressed his desire to work for the welfare of the District Council and mentioned many of the works he has done as former CEM of KHADC such as the ability to hold the Monolith Festival, the drafting of the Village Administration Bill, and others.
She said that the policeman has promised to pay T.10,000 first, while the remaining T.10,000 will be paid in another month.
The people don't vote for history, they want the future and the present,” said Rakkam.
Shillong, November 7: Robbers robbed the Meghalaya Rural Bank, Golflink, Shillong on the morning of the 6th of this month and stole an HP Scanner and office equipment.
Kamphereiei Pala is the son of Jaesar Pashiang and Kratis Pala of Moolamylliang village.
In Group D, Tura Zone, Chipakkore will play against Khliehmawlieh at 3pm.
Referring to the government departments in Rambrai, there is only one Primary Health Center with 40 beds, the Office in charge of Livestock. Meghalaya Rural Bank withdrawal.
How many parents spend morning and evening teaching and raising their children, especially when they are older?
“The demand for the implementation of ILP in Assam is due to the influx of foreigners into the state and the high turnover in the state,” he added.
Hamas officials said the Ezzedine Al-Qassam Brigades planned to attack Israeli troops on the border with the Israeli-occupied Gaza city of Rafah. and treat it as their own.
Manisha had worked in the room of those infected with Covid-19 last year but in November she informed that she was poor so she resigned from working in the room and was sent to work in the room. work continuously in relation to other difficulties and also in the women's room.
It was also directed that the movement of people should be limited to the surrounding areas.
Therefore, according to the advice of the former Governor (Tathagata Roy), the Bill was returned to us because we sent it back to the Governor.
Soon we Christians will face great problems in Meghalaya because we don't respect the faith of other non-Christians.
The village is saddened to learn that the police have released these three persons, while the ambulance is still in custody. The ambulance, but the people who carried Kyiad in the ambulance, the village to them to do whatever is necessary.
When we see and understand the dangers of plastic, we realize that we have plastic but we misuse it, so we need to use it wisely as we take care of our own lives.
Next to this monument there is a cremation known in foreign languages ​​as a columbarium, for the purpose of placing the bones or ashes of the dead for eternal rest.
Immediately, the Speaker ordered Sichwale to leave the House and said, “Put on your clothes and come back later”.
The names of the athletes who have been prepared by the MBA to represent the state in the 3rd North East Olympic Games to be held in Nagaland this time are Sanjeev Maskut (46-48 Kg). ), Khrawbok Marwein (48-51 Kg), Banjop Nongkhlaw (51-54 Kg), Sunil Limbu (54-57 Kg), Ram Lyngdoh (57-60 Kg), Badonkupar Synnah (60-63 Kg), Bhalang Shadap ( 63.5-67 Kg), Balnas Sangma (67-71 Kg), Malcolm Rani (71-75 Kg), Bansaltesh R Sangma (75-80 Kg).
Such incidents should be taken seriously so that they can be a lesson for others and especially to ensure that they do not happen again to other youth.
Dr. Lamare said that it would be very helpful if the leaders of the Houses of Parliament would come and discuss this issue in Delhi.
Before the JHADC and HYC started raiding the shops, there were village leaders and police who came to investigate, but the HYC leaders explained their intention and the raid went smoothly.
New Delhi: The Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd (BSNL) is planning to start charging T.3 billion from telephone and mobile users. 000klur and this will be implemented in the next two to three months.
Shylla said that what has happened has happened, but let the bill start anew from the moment the Governor signs it.
It is very difficult to convene a meeting of the Kurs even if it is only the Executive Committee of the Kurs at a short time.
Shillong, Nailar 25: U Bah John F Kharshiing in the presence of Dr Bodhi S Rani on Friday launched a book written by them on the Hima Khasi. The book was launched by Dr E Kharkongngor, Principal of Shillong College, Shillong.
“We have received a positive response from them and we expect that the machinery and workers will soon be prepared so that we can start the construction of all these sections of the road soon," he said.
At this public meeting, he said that the government has misused the money of the people, sold the land and put the state in great danger in the last three years. years which they have been in power in the state.
The only thing they can say is that it is their land tenure and marriage customs that have protected their people until now.
The hearing of nominations will be held on 28th October and the deadline for withdrawal of nominations will be on 30th October.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The Meghalaya Chess Association (MCA) on Saturday announced that it will hold the first ever Meghalaya Open Grandmaster Chess Tournament in Shillong. to the media.
So he prayed to God, “O God, give me strength so that I can cleanse my mother's body.
After the dance and public performance of the Rot at Pung Aitnar, there was the Datlawakor ceremony – which was similar to a football match with a wooden ball.
Polished rice, that is, rice that has been cleaned, contains nothing but starch, some protein, and some minerals.
“We have visited the SDO's office many times, there have been complaints, a few days ago we came with two vehicles, it has not been resolved and finally the SDO has ordered the Sub-Inspector of the Supply Department. said Bah Lukas Khongjee who showed the letter he received from the SDO's office that SI Supply will come to the village to arrange for the ration.
Tura didn't allow WKH today and managed to beat them by
How many sitting MLAs have lost in 2018 and 2013,” he said.
The problem is that politics is too light and there are no rules to punish those who participate in it, the losers are the people.
The death toll from the coronavirus has risen to 563 today, the highest number of deaths so far.
Shillong: In a statement sent by Bah Roy Kupar Synrem, Secretary of Shella Dorbar Shnong, Shella, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the Shella Dorbar Shnong will be closed on the birth anniversary of (L) Dr Don Kupar. The Dorbar Shnong Shella, on the 28th of this month, said that this news may mislead the people and the family members of the Rangbah Shnong and there may be a misunderstanding of the purpose of the Rangbah Shnong. village council.
Now we know that we are living in the last days, it is time for each of us to turn to God and change our minds before the great tribulation enters the world.
The Moradabad election was held in the first phase of polling on Tuesday and the BJP leader did not go to campaign anywhere as he was in critical condition.
In this age of rongphong, many of the young people have forgotten even their lives, because they have lost their lives, but the presence of those leaders to guide them will be a blessing to them. and that they may know how to walk in the way which they should walk to reach the goal.
At the same time, he expressed the hope that the re-issuance of the notice of vacancies by the MPSC is only the beginning of the Roster System in various Government departments.
The VDPs of Muktapur Village after seeing these people crossing the border, raided and arrested the suspected smugglers.
Elbrenroy Mawthoh scored 60 runs from 60 balls.
" He said that all those who siphoned off money meant for the poor people of Meghalaya, they all need to be probed thoroughly.
So when it was time to leave, Bahnah left without meeting him.
Then we saw pieces of earth, leaves in the middle of the road flowing from Marten and these produced a terrible smell.
A few days ago, Ronnie had criticized Pynshngaiñ for alleging that the government has already handed over to the District Council to pass a building law but he has not issued a single announcement.
Shillong, July 7 : U Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that his department will conduct another census to find out how many drug users there are in the state so that more can be increased. that rehabilitation center.
The death toll from the virus has risen to
In Shillong, no casualties have been reported except for two persons who were injured in the accident. time when they run and are afraid.
He said that the beginning of his threat came after the residents of three villages including Nagrabil, Pillangu A and B gave their land in his name. Mono Areng to sell their land to the BSF. The threat against Mono Areng was also after the spread of rumors that Mono Areng had received the money. 78 crore from the BSF where his son, aged 16, was abducted on 4th November 2019 and on 7th November November 2019 received a phone call from Mono Areng demanding money to pay 1 crore but on 16th November 2020 the abducted child was killed and found to your dead body.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 3: Three candidates from two constituencies of West Khasi Hills District, on Tuesday, have completed their nomination papers for the election. The upcoming election will be held on the 27th of this month.
You are nothing but my people should not die of hunger,” he said.
It is learned that the cause of this incident was because the family members did not keep the small gun properly and so the child when he saw the gun took it and shot like usual guns and He didn't think that his shooting would take the life of his brother that day.
The Legislative Assembly elections are still going on for 10 years and the changes in the world will change from one season to another as it is customary that when the elections come, many players are ready. They will decide where to go to enter the kingdom of the world.
Bok gave two phone numbers, Vodafone and Jio.
Causes behind stomach problems : Change in diet : Choice of eating high-fat foods rather than daily foods can be the cause of stomach problems .
Our rights are precious before God.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nartiang Circle has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District.
We have mentioned all their shortcomings in governance and excessive corruption, but now we have forgotten all that.
From this time onwards it was known as the Raid Mynsaw Rambrai Syiemship in which the Syiem of Rambrai conducted the rule by appointing ministers to the Raid Mynsaw as a branch of the Hima.
The BSF seized these items from SBL Energy Ltd.
The calories from this fruit are usually also fats.
The Power Lighting Association is recognized by the Government of India and has a quota for sports athletes in various offices of the Central Government.
The 22-year-old has once again returned to play in the I-League.
He also promised to take action to provide electricity to the people in these areas.
The KSU South West Khasi Hills District Unit also demands that MePDCL should send for an inspection of all the transformers, electricity poles and other electricity related parts in the South West Khasi Hills District. and Mawsynram Block and that the office should repair the parts that need to be repaired and ensure that all the transformers should be repaired immediately so that such incidents will not happen again.
Congress candidate Vincent H Pala had earlier admitted that the BJP candidate could win his vote in Jaintia Hills.
After hearing all this, Father Hep shook his head.
When he reached the wheat market, he was surprised that the government department officials asked him to provide the aadhar card of the land owner or the owner of the land. nine hectares and which was named as the owner of the land by Lord Ram and Janki.
The party has promised to provide more than 3 lakh rupees for the next three years and to pay T.1000 thousand per month (12 thousand per year). every unemployed youth between the ages of 21-40 years under the Meghalaya Youth Empowerment (MYE) Scheme.
These speakers explained the working methods of the Producers Groups by providing three documents required to run their business namely the decision copy, the cashbook and the loan book.
The committee headed by Bah Rowell Lyngdoh has not been able to complete its report as the committee has to include MDCs and Village Authorities. The report can be completed only in Garo Hills and the remaining is in Khasi Hills.
However, many of the people should know which candidates they have voted for during the elections from their various constituencies.
Make our young men strong and don't let the sword and the spear ride on the horse.
He thanked the DMFT Executive Committee for bringing these machines to the PHC and at the same time rooms will be constructed to house these machines.
The Principal of St. Paul's Higher Secondary School, Marbisu, Fr James Shylla, said that Phibankyntiew Sunn and Wanboklang Kurbah are the students who are willing to come to school and who support and help them. the school in various fields.
Rev. Wilbert Marweiñ was born on 17th June 1970 in Rangblang – Sohsyniang.
Praising the team for their skills, the Chief of Army Staff urged these fighters from the North East to provide the best service.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: Ten Nepalis have received new voter names from Mihmyntdu village.
It is for this reason that the people of Jerusalem said, “Is not this he whom they seek to kill?” John 7:2
The cause of the incident was a power outage and the fire destroyed all the property which damaged more than Rs 14 lakh.
Of this, 1000 tyngka and 500 tyngka belong to the Enforcement Officers of Amsarim, who demand from the truck drivers each.
Former Prime Minister of India Manmohan Singh has been admitted to the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) today after suffering from pneumonia.
Therefore, to curb these crimes which have started to spread in South West Khasi Hills District especially drugs, what is needed now is the cooperation of all parties from the market vendors, market dwellers, the public. citizens as well as law enforcement agencies so that these crimes can be curbed.
The 17 delegates were led by Dr.H.Carehome Pakynteiñ, one of the prominent herbalists of the state who is also the President of the Meghalaya Indigenous Tribal Healers' Association (MITHA). the President of the Jaintia Indigenous Medicine Association (JIMA).
“We must remember that the fight against covid19 is ongoing and we must not say that a cure has been found and everything will disappear,” he said.
“To achieve this, we have to get it otherwise no one will listen to us in Delhi.
In the letter, he said that the lineman has not been in this village for 40 years now after the death of the former employee.
While the farmers are strong enough to produce a lot of crops, the people are still prosperous, living in poverty and farming from the poor to the rich.
Shainingstar Marwein from Lawrynjam won the first prize in the men's category while Balasiewdor Pathaw from Umthlong won the second and third prizes in the women's category. Rahjopkordor from Mawkyllei and Mebansainborlang Pathaw from Nongthliew won the second and third prizes in the women's category. .
In the Under 16 Girls category, Aroma Lyngdoh of JNV Mukhla won the title.
The four MLAs were welcomed by former CEM of JHADC Bah Hambertus Nongtdu, BJP leaders including Union Minister KJ Alphonse, Union Minister Ram Madhev, General Secretary BJP North East. Nahlin Kohli, President of the BJP Meghalaya, and other BJP leaders led by Shibun Lyngdoh.
They concluded the raid at 4 pm after the Narcotics Cell promised to take all necessary action.
Shillong, Nailar 10 : The Minister of Electricity, AT Mondal, today announced that the Ministry of Electricity has canceled the MoU signed for the implementation of the Hyndel project Kynshi Stage-II which has failed to generate 325 megawatts of electricity. that I may not be a new one.
In a letter signed by the President Youth Wing, KHNAM requested Modi to take action on the issue.
Other speakers on the occasion were Dr.PW Khongjee former MLA Sohra who expressed his appreciation to the Soil and Water Conservation Department and all its officers who have worked hard for the development of Sohra. to those who have received many assistance and implementations for the benefit of the people.
She looked forward to receiving people's responses to many government schemes from the Left.
The seizure was made yesterday, the report said.
Akash Kumar Choudhury, who missed the previous two matches due to illness, has taken 23 wickets in just three matches. get back to playing and thus ranked 13th in the country overall.
There is also the Niti Ayog formerly known as the Planning Commission to share in the development of the states.
Saying that he does not support the open mining of coal, Bah Basaiawmoit said that measures should be taken to ensure that the mining should not affect the environment.
In Group B, Maw-U-Tieng are in first place with 10 points, Lawei SC are in first place with 10 points but Lumparing are in third place with 9 points. Nongkohlew are in fourth place with 5 points, Nongkrem are in third place with 5 points and Nongthymmai are in third place with 5 points.
Greetings from the bottom of my heart, for being with me"
He said he had been in the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha, but he had not heard any discussion on the issue from the MPs of Meghalaya.
The country's second prime minister, Dmitry Rogozin, has said that the West is treating Muslim countries like a bomb.
The MoU is a memorable milestone for NIFT, which is a university under the Ministry of Textiles of the Government of India and is the first university in the country to provide training in the field of textiles. in their dress and marketing.
Speech was also delivered by Tbn.RR Makdoh, in which he extended his special thanks to the CE Society of Umdihar Presbyterian Church, who have organized this special month for the Hebrews. such experiences so that they can have a great organization and so that they can walk in the right path of life to avoid many evils in their paths like those children.
When inquired, he said that most of the foreigners living in Maxwelton Estate are Bihari, Nepali and others.
On the other hand, the state government, in the past few months, has informed the owners of the houses, to forgive the rent, but this has not reached the ears of the owners and this has caused a lot of trouble to them. villagers, to school children, who are affected by the rent and the manner of payment of rent, in such cases.
I am pleased to inform you that our government has focused on improving the income of the poorest households by providing assistance of 10,000 tyngka to those selected by the Village Employment. Council through the C&RD Department. Rs 15 crore has been allocated for the Livestock Package Scheme.
He didn't know that a rich Bengali vocabulary could be changed only until Matriculation.
He urged the students to be determined to study well so that they can become human beings.
The program was conducted by Rev.AT Sohliya, Chairman of the KJP Synod Sepngi Youth Assembly.
“Recently we have met with the officers of the Union Platyngka and the Prime Minister himself has spoken to the Union Platyngka Minister to discuss this issue as all the work is pending in the department.
The Hindu Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) has worked hard in the rural areas to support the Khasi and Seiñraij brothers and sisters, whom they consider to be branches of Hinduism.
These include EKH: 16, EGH: 3 and WGH:
I have heard him say: “Ever better, never well.
In the men's football tournament, Mookyndur Youth Church beat Maskut Youth Church and in the girls' category, Mookyndur Youth Church beat Madur Youth Church.
Shillong: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Alexander L Hek, who is also MLA of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), on Tuesday said that even the Defense Minister of India, Amit Shah, has not said anything. on the points of claim of the state, but he listened carefully to the claims, which were communicated to him.
They said that the planting of trees should be according to the season and what kind of trees can grow, and what kind of soil should be.
During the inspection, the union found that almost all the shops owned by non-Khasis do not have licenses and the union said that it found only a few shops which have licenses. that Khasi.
“Those ministers have been robbed until they have to sell the Hima land, they have sold it without the consent of the Hima,” he said.
Rajabala is a general seat where all STs and non-Tribals can contest.
Shillong, Nailar 22: Nurses will no longer touch those newly arrived patients in government hospitals from tomorrow as a sign of protest against the government's failure to fulfill their demands.
The KHADC said that by doing so, it will be known how much the khoh or kriah or byrni weighs and after that it will be counted.
They said that as yesterday, the power outage was increasing throughout the day and at midnight from about 2 pm until the morning.
Before the NEET 2021 examination, Rymbui wrote to the professors of college I/C of Physics MBOSE to please investigate the problems of the students.
“DESO has assured the teachers that it will take this matter to the Directorate, so that those teachers who are entitled, will not be affected for the sake of education,” said Babu Kular. .
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh today immediately suspended the construction of border fencing and road along the international Indo-Bangla border fence at Huroi.
Especially those survivors who work for the government alone and die only part-time, lose food and drop out of school.
The CoMSO says that the entire State should get ILP, but it will be more stingy for the State Government and it will also be the right thing for the KHADC and JHADC and that will also be the way for the GHADC. it shall be destroyed alone when two are received.
Rangdajied will have to face Langsning FC for second place with 25 points each, while Ryntih will have to face off for fourth place. Shillong Lajong FC (17 points) have won all their matches.
The Secretary of the Sein Raij Tuber, J Sana, said that on the 22nd of this month, the annual Behdeinkhlam festival will end at Biar, a holy pond in Tuberkmai Village.
The Jaintia Dorbar, Jaintia Hills, Meghalaya has urged the Government of Meghalaya and Assam to remove the boundary of Block I & II in Phase II. The Government of Assam forcibly divided the land of these areas into Meghalaya State, which was forcibly divided on 13th June, 1951 and gave this land to Karbi Anglong.
The meeting was enriched by the song and dance by the Seng Samla and also by the Lasyrdoh Group.
According to Indian Law, the use or possession of marijuana is illegal and if found guilty, the punishment will be imprisonment for many years and a heavy fine, she said.
Shillong, Lber, 03: The construction of the road in front of the MPSC office to the Passport Office has started in 2022 at Lower Lachumier. now it has stopped again.
“We have also appointed new district office bearers in the resigned areas and elected some of them to become office bearers,” he said.
Throughout the day, these dignitaries presented gifts and wished the government officer that he will be able to work better for the people of Ri Bhoi Sepngi. whole.
Kheinlang Sana is the son of Sai Sana and Kel Phawa. When Kheinlang left the house he was wearing juti jri, blue jacket and blue pants.
Bobby Nongrum, the youngest singer of Meghalaya, has won the third place this year in the Indian category.
Barcelona striker Luis Suarez did not play well on Tuesday night.
In a debate on the speech of the President, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has slammed the Congress party for forgetting the name of former Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru. Modi said that up to 600 government schemes have been named after the Gandhi and Nehru family.
“I urge all the teachers to work hard to improve the quality of education in the district.
Shillong, July 16: Former Lok Sabha Speaker Purno A Sangma has strongly criticized the government under the leadership of the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma for extending the MDCship of MDCs in the country. Lum Garo, which has been extended for six months while in KHADC and JHADC has been extended for only 15 days. the unity of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo.
He said that the government has also set a priority to ensure that the water sources are not affected even when development projects come but to ensure that they are protected and maintained.
The Badminton tournament started on July 13 and will feature 102 matches in the categories of 50yrs+, 35yrs+, Under-19 yrs (Boys Single/Doubles), Open (Men single & Men Doubles) and Mix double.
The Nongkrem MDC demanded that the government should pay the compensation and return the money collected from the people for the implementation of the Act which should not be used in the land. not within the boundaries of the Council.
On the fight against COVID-19, the AICC chief said Meghalaya has recorded more than 8 percent of the cases of Manipur, although the death toll and number of COVID cases is lower than Manipur.
This shows how hard the Ministry of Home Affairs and the Police have worked in the fight against drugs.
The statement said that according to the media on 6th November 2017, the Brigadier of the Army admitted that the troops are in danger from the HNLC, therefore the people and the army must be protected. Shillong, March :Former Government Minister Bah Robert G Lyngdoh may be one of the election campaigners with the UDP in the upcoming elections.
Guest wicketkeeper Sanjay Yadav took two wickets to add 6/12 while Abhay Negi took 4/5
In this village, the farmers after receiving an explanation from Bah Khrawkupar expressed their readiness to work together to fight against many of the problems and rights of the farmers which they deserve.
On the other hand, the KSU has urged the education department of the government to rebuild the hostel, so that the students who come from remote villages can benefit.
He said that Dr R Sen of Kolkata University, Dr Chandrashekhar of Madras University and Dr H Khurana of Punjab University have passed from universities in India but have received the Nobel Prize for working in universities abroad. to research on the subjects.
In the presence of Syiem, Paiem Freeman Sing Syiem, Syiem Khynnah and Ministers of the Hima, Bah Rymmai said that the authorization by the High Court of the state is in accordance with the rules.
However, the excessive deterioration of this highway has caused many problems and affected not only the passengers but all those who benefit from this highway.
The purpose of the test was to find out the exact cause of the fire especially now that there is still a protest by the civil society.
Why doesn't God allow this to happen to Jerusalem? Because it is the place of your feet.
The Bengal Native InfantryTo maintain the rule of law within the borders of the East India Company, the British Government established the Bengal Native Infantry in 1757, an army consisting of the ethnic groups of India. the thor.
The State Legislative Assembly and the District Legislative Council may be employed as the authorities that govern and judge the children of the thousands in the State.
Besides, it is learned that the VPP North Shillong will hold another meeting in the coming months to seek the opinion of the office bearers to get a candidate from Jaïaw and Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah constituencies.
Thus, these children of Hynniew-Trep had to return to their village.
Shillong, July 07: The Governor of Meghalaya on Tuesday inaugurated the National Service Scheme (NSS) Youth Exhibition in Shillong.
ASHA workers want to raise public awareness and provide information on the need for good health, such as food, hygiene and sanitation.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 18: The body of the Officer Incharge of Byrnihat Out Post, Amit Sinha, who died in a car accident in Gurgaon, Haryana, has been found this morning. The family members have completed their last rites on Sunday.
Guwahati: Benjamin Basumatary, one of the political leaders in Assam, has been arrested for allegedly posting a video and photos on social media showing that he is clean. He has resigned from the UPPL, which has been in power in the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) since June this year.
The Ribhoi dance group, which will also represent Meghalaya, will have to perform well so that if they win this competition, they will be able to compete again in the competition to be held in Mumbai and beyond. Las Vegas, USA, International World Hip Hop.
The Resolution issued under NO PER 222/71/138 dated Shillong 12th July 1972 to be reviewed because it was issued urgently without being able to identify those who are behind from those who are behind, six days before we receive it. 20.21.1972 and less than two months before the first election held on 9th October 1972, the Legislative Assembly passed this decision without the consent of the Legislative Assembly. .
As the match went on, Carlos managed to break Stefanos' goals in the fourth set but failed to tied the ball outside the line at 5-3 Tsitsipas was able to save the goals in the match before being defeated in the tie-break.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Process expressed his gratitude to the people of Mawlai constituency who have been willing to welcome and encourage him regarding his intention to contest the MDC election. He has been appointed as an MLA because he has a strong desire to serve the people.
“We are very sorry for what these Bangladeshis have done, but we find that the BSF troops are just spectators and have not done anything against them,” he said. diaw this old man.
All are requested to attend this meeting.
When asked if the peace talks would end this year, he said, “I think...not the whole thing, but the more important parts of the peace talks.
The allegation was that during the Pope's visit to Manila, it caused a heavy traffic jam.
After the British came to rule this land of Hynniewtrep since he settled in Shillong (1864 – 1947) he said and explained that Hynniewtrep are not Dravidian or Aryan or u Indian, but the "Tibeto Burman" who came from eastern Myanmar (Burma) and near Tibet because he says, the stature is shorter, the face is rounder, the head is flatter, your eyes are brighter.
Lyngdoh said the UDP party will elect a candidate to contest the mid-term elections who will not be said to win but who should be close to victory.
“We will conduct public awareness campaigns on the benefits of Central Government schemes through the media so that the people can get a sense of the vision of our Prime Minister.
Tillberth also told the GSU members that he would rather be punished than reveal the names and people who made the fake certificates.
Nongpoh, November 11: Although the government has banned any person from illegally quarrying stones or shyiap in the rivers; However, this was revealed on Saturday by members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) during an inspection of the Umiam River in Ri Bhoi District. The Dhar Construction Company (DCC) has been involved in the illegal mining of stones in the Umiam River.
At this meeting, the Deputy Commissioner also urged that no puja pilgrims or puja committees will be allowed to place idols in the rivers in Greater Shillong.
The discussion on the issue will continue throughout the days of this month followed by a meeting of the MLAs of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA-II).
Everyone is invited to attend the dance on these two days at Smit.
It cannot be said that most of the people in our country are rich.
Shillong, Nailar 4: The market vendors especially foreigners have started to sell their goods lyngkrang along the road. on the road.
The KHADC and JHADC will go to the polls on 27th June this year and the counting of votes will be held on 3rd October.
The facility can employ about 40 people and is fully equipped with computers.
But that 14-year friendship between us will never end or ever be forgotten.
I'm not going to work alone.
According to the report received from the CCTV cameras installed at the scene, the vehicle was seen driving straight towards the school and hit the surrounding area of ​​the school. the children stood up at that time.
Earlier, he met with Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of the State at his residence.
He said that in 2023 or 2024, the Supreme Court, under the jurisdiction of the son of YV Chandrachud, will decide on Block 1 and Block
The President of India, Ram Nath Kovind, has suspended Tathagata Roy on 13th November 2019 after he tweeted that those who oppose the Citizenship Amendment Act 2019 (CAA) you should not go to North Korea.
However, they are the workers who receive the lowest wages and are severely affected.
BJP leaders have come out in support of Ranaut and BJP spokesperson Keshav Upadhye has alleged that Wadettiwar's remarks show the corruption of Ranaut. Your opinion is not in the Congress party.
When I competed against Agatha I did well but after that I didn’t continue to compete.
At the same time, she doesn't need to worry about the job she is doing because she has a good job now.
Because it has been passed as an Act, it shows that the whole of India has approved this Bill and knows the culture and tradition of the country which we know as the country of unity, one Lama between many differences in lifestyle, food and religion – (UNITY IN DIVERSITY).
These names were first given by the scientist who first described the plant.
Jowai, July 14: Hundreds of residents of Iawmusiang Market under the leadership of the Jaintia Tribal Traders' Association (JTTA) today turned up at the office of the JHADC to demand the appointment of the Chief Executive Member, Ma Thombor Shiwat to increase the price of permit for market dwellers by 100 percent.
Mukul Sangma said the NPP and BJP are only two sides of the same coin and during the elections, they show that they are fighting, but they are the same and are in the same government. Shillong: Leaders of KHNAM, President Bah Pyndap Saiborn and the State Youth Wing, today visited Iewduh today with the aim of understanding the situation. and to verify the danger that comes through the access of the authorities to control the trade.
He also served as Acting Chief Justice of the Jammu and Kashmir High Court in
The lyrics of the song were composed by Briding Syiemlieh.
During the meeting, Kim Jong Un praised Trump as a brave leader and Trump praised him, saying "the power of Kim Jong Un" He accused Barack Obama of being stupid and the media of not writing about his great work.
These powerful countries of the world are now looking at China.
Williamsong A Sangma, (L) Purno A Sangma, Salseng C Marak, Dr. Mukul Sangma and Conrad K Sangma, while the Khasi people have produced seven Prime Ministers, including (L) DD Pugh Diengdoh, (L) BB Lyngdoh, (L) Dr. DD Lapang, (L) EK Mawlong, (L) Dr Donkupar Roy and (L) Dr FA Khonglam.
He played for Langsning Sports Club for 68 years and was the manager of the Langsning Football Club winning the Independence Cup in Nawgoan.
The DGP of Meghalaya, UR Chandranathan, has spoken to the DPG of Andhra Pradesh to inform him of the incident and after the discussion, the child has been taken from the scene by the Andhra Pradesh Police. she was temporarily accommodated in a homeless shelter in Vijaywada.
The inability to sleep for many reasons is a source of concern and anxiety for all of us.
Saikila said, “Isn't it the JHADC that is not responsible for the forest land of the JHADC while the use of the forest land has not been banned in Assam? Why doesn't the JHADC have the authority to do anything about the ban of Assam? Doesn't the JHADC leadership know exactly that this is its land and why do they allow Assam to stop the logging on the JHADC land?
The plane crashed before reaching the airport, which resulted in the deaths of three people including the pilots and one passenger. day.
Shillong: Twenty-two cases including 11 high risk cases, one from the Armed Forces, eight returnees, one ILI case and one health worker have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills today.
And he fled to Sohra.
Nongpoh: For the second time, the residents of several border villages in Umtyrnga area of ​​Ri Bhoi district, on Friday, on Friday, protested again, to demand the construction of a good road from Chibra. and then until Umsen.
Police are conducting a thorough investigation into the incident.
The fighting broke out after the troops, led by Colonel Babu, raided a Chinese-built house at the Patrol Point. 14.
When contacted by the JAC, the JAC leaders said that the decision taken by the JAC will continue until the state government decides. These two coal mines on the Riangdo-Athiabari road can be explained.
“What will happen if the High Court rules again and allocates only 60 per cent to all three ethnic groups and the remaining 40 per cent goes to the unreserved?” asked Bah Celestine. “The Expert Committee set up by the State Government has not been able to review the Mandal Commission Reports relating to the High Court and Supreme Court. “But in Meghalaya, the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo communities have 80 per cent reservation,” he said. Dr. Azad Zaman constituency has expressed his rightful demand for the Unreserved as well.
While on earth we have to take part in the affairs of this world including politics.
God and heaven came down to earth in the person of Jesus to strengthen the power of weakness and at the same time to overcome the weakness of the power that oppresses and attacks people.
The Seng Samla also requests the DC EKH to impose penalties on those who do not comply with this decision passed by the Meghalaya government.
Shillong: One of the 12 workers who returned to their villages from Namdang Tinsukia, Assam, has been quarantined at Umjari village in Ribhoi District this morning. At 4:00 am, he fled the scene where the village leaders were left in the dark because they didn't know where he was going.
Mawlai and Lumparing have won three times each in three matches, but Mawlai have won the first place in Group-B due to the difference in goals. gained +25 to the U-fear Stone that gained +17.
Nongpoh, Naitung, 05: The Joint Action Committee of All RiBhoi Passenger Vehicles (JACARBPV) on Tuesday vowed to hold a strike if the State Government does not pay within one day the amount for the use of the Government's vehicles for the COVID-19 pandemic and the recent Election-2
Although it will come into Earth's atmosphere, astronomers will not see it at 1.12 PM Eastern Standard Time ( United States) lane 6.12 PM British Summer time.
Another issue is to implement the Anti Defection Law in the District Council to prevent MDCs from leaving the party after winning.
Senior Consultant Civil Work, Education Department, R. Mawroh, Principal Consultant, Victor Rani, MDC Jirang and others. expansion joint, or connecting areas within the building.
He said that the three MPs in the state should unite to advocate in Parliament for the introduction of ILP in the state. .
A car is not a machine that runs like a machine, but it is driven by a human being.
“When family members do not meet or live together for many days, that danger looms and for that reason families have got to be strong in order to rid the country of drugs," said said the Prime Minister.
If you hire these buses for a meal, the price is calculated according to the distance.
The HITO has ordered to continue the bail of the four HITO leaders while the police investigation has not been completed. date of this month.
He encouraged and urged them to work harder to reach the higher levels.
In Dadenggre Civil Sub Division, Abdus Saleh was the chief guest and 13 groups took part in the parade.
The men's category will start at 2 pm between St Anthony's Higher School and Sacred Heart Boys Higher Secondary School.
“Only from what appears, but not from within.
“I have been stabbed four times in the last two years and it is not a small incident.
Dominic asked the MDA Government and especially the Minister in charge of Sports in the State, how can he as the Minister say that the State can still host the National Games? At any time, he could not take responsibility for this issue, until the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, came to the scene.
Another is due to speeding and poor road conditions and the use of mobile phones while driving.
Dara Singh Bajrang Dal, who killed Missionary Graham Staines and his two children in Keonjhar Manoharpur, Odisha, has been given VIP treatment in jail. 1999 who was shot with a spear and ran away in a bloodbath and died under the trees at Jamuboni, Keonjhar.
Although the members of the Seng did not meet the DM&HO, they were able to talk to the DM&HO by phone and confirmed that the equipment used to install at MCH Nongstoiñ has been taken and transferred to another school. Hospital in another district.
“We have seen it in the newspapers, but if the government really has that idea, we will come out and protest,” said Ronnie.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM), Sengkmie together with the UHM Western Ri Bhoi Zone, on Saturday, visited the UHM Western Ri Bhoi Zone to raid the foreign traders and workers. There is no trade in the villages in Ri Bhoi Sepngi.
I will obey and I have strong confidence in the Constitution of India and the Judiciary,” said Bah Adelbert.
We have seen what has happened in the construction of the Shillong-Dawki road where the owners have not understood even to give land to the Government but the Government has done it by force.
To implement the payment through the 7 pay commission and ensure that the payment of salaries to government employees will be smooth every month.
All three MDCs who have been appointed as EMs of the Trade Department are now members of the PDF and hold the post of EM. Former CEM Bah Adelbert is also a member of the PDF , except for Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit who has resigned from the post of MDC. The 450 licenses issued by KHADC in the last 3 years to foreigners is too little or too much. ? No complaint has been received from the political parties especially the ethnic parties in the PDF. This reporter tried to talk to KHNAM MDC from Jaiaw who is also former CEM Bah Adelbert Nongrum. Adelbert said he doesn't want to say anything outside, but he said he has spoken to the CEM. Pynshngaiñ to convene a PDF meeting to discuss the issue.
The Communist Party of India (CPI) Meghalaya Unit has also expressed its concern over the incident in Garo Hills which has disrupted the peace and order situation.
The arrival of the Trinamool Congress in Meghalaya and the growth of the party in Garo Hills will also discourage the NPP.
The Budget Session was adjourned during the question and answer session, after North Shillong MLA, Bah Adelbert Nongrum expressed his concern that the Government is still considering the issue. extension of the age of recruitment for youth in various Government departments.
Listen carefully to pray, Mama,” the mother ordered her children.
The JNC also expressed its concern over an Office Memorandum in Chapter I, Para D-Checklist which states that the agreement between the land owners and the applicants for the Mining Lease states, This means that the term APPLICANT can refer to any person or company applying for coal mining. They must have a contract with the land owners without any restrictions.
The Nongstoin PS has been able to rescue the child from the hands of the kidnapper from Meja in Uttar Pradesh, in collaboration with the Meja Police and Social Wefare. The child was taken to Nongstoin and handed over to her family on the 13th of this month.
The prize money for the winners is T.5000 and for the runners up T.2
What is shocking here is that the villagers, whether they are Dkhars, Lalungs, other ethnic groups, do not have access to roads, while others who come from Silchar, Karimganj and other ethnic groups do not have access to roads. In various parts, they have violated the rights of the villagers of Ri Khasi Jaintia.
Why was he taken to the place?" Reddy asked.
“If the government does not do these two issues, we will hold another protest,” said SNSBH President Dr Werlok Kharshiing. Saturday at Jaiaw Lumpton.
According to police sources, many of the youths who went to work in such illegal coal mines have lost their lives and many of these youths are come from poor families.
“We have reached an agreement with all the candidates to confirm the name of Bah Wankupar Syiemlieh as the party candidate from Nongspung-Sohiong constituency in the upcoming elections,” said Bah Chyne.
Thus, the images of the traditional and Hindu gods were combined so that the Tribals could worship them.
On the same day, the Sumarlang Ai Dawai Khasi Society, has also distributed medicine seeds to many people, as part of the efforts to encourage the people to plant and take good care of these seeds. medicines, so that they can be used in the manufacture and treatment of people suffering from many diseases.
Furthermore, the Seng said that in the Times of India, Dt.
The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) will conduct a trial to select the athletes for the Meghalaya Games to be held in June
He also discussed the measures taken by the government to develop agriculture and livestock.
On the MP ticket from Shillong, Pala said it is up to the MPCC not to send it to the AICC to decide who will contest this election as there are many candidates.
It is here that the NPP is now in a state of 'sit and stand and stand'
Inside the Agri Lay-bye Market, there are many shops selling soh ki pai and other items, as well as restaurants and public toilets.
Speakers on the occasion included the Waheh of Sonapyrdi, Bah Edimon Lamare, Bah Apmon Pashiang, the Waheh of Moolamylliang, Bah Grimlang Dkhar and others.
Shillong/ Delhi, Nailar, 05 : Congress leaders and members across India as well as in Meghalaya have staged a protest to protest against the increase in prices of beverages. LPG Gas and youth unemployment.
The meeting was also attended by officials of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development of the Government of India and officials of the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development. At the meeting, he spoke on the need for good seeds, water supply to farmland, healthy plants and also a proper market.
Shillong: The Kur Nongrum has received information that some people who act as leaders of the Kur have left the party headquarters, and the Kur has immediately convened an emergency kur dorbar. recently, and at this kur dorbar, it was decided that if anyone violates the Riti Pyniaid Kam of the Kur, the Kur will take the necessary action according to the Riti.
The number of cases in Mumbai has risen to 69,625 with 3,962 deaths.
The knowledge of the universe is said to be very important in this age.
The incident happened at about 11:50 AM when a 12 wheeler truck collided with a man on the NH
This will be the most important issue for other parties during the elections to fight but it seems that there is no confidence.
In his speech, Modi also stressed the need for one country, one election, which means that the state assembly elections will be held at the same time as the Lok Sabha elections.
The Federation of Khasi States also expresses its gratitude to the other MLAs of the House from both sides who stood up to support the Instrument of Accession and especially the rules of the Instrument of Accession. Annexed Agreement under a special Article in the Constitution of India.
“So far, there have been 57 candidates out of 60,” he said, adding that once the names of the candidates are announced, the wind of change will blow to the voters that the Congress will win. still don't.
Purno A Sangma, who has had close ties with the BJP since the last presidential election, is expected to be elected as the President of the BJP. Narendra Modi's government in Delhi, however, this has not happened.
Drink plenty of fluids (such as syrup and juice), relax your body and keep your hair clean.
How much more in terms of food or food items and also the most important items.
It will be a source of joy and sympathy to the listeners of the speaker.
In this regard, the Pa'iem confirmed that the Hima Nongspung has blocked the road construction project of Assam, which they have appealed to in the High Court and that the High Court has ordered to stop the construction of the road. this is the work of this road.
In the first leg of the tournament, Mawshbuit SC beat Pomlakrai SC by 4 goals.
At the same time, it is a golden opportunity for us not only to hold this tournament and to witness the talents of the sports stars from all over the country, but also for the sports stars of the State to participate in the tournament. showcase their talents and to improve in the field of sports.
The others arrested are Salnam Ch Marak, 22, Dandil Ch Marak, 22, Ismail A Sangma, 22 and Francis Sangma,
I hope to win 100 percent in this election,” said Joshua.
Director, Sports and Youth Affairs, Isawanda Laloo, IAS and SK Shandil, Technical Delegate and Member of Boxing Federation of India.
The raid came after the expiry of the deadline for them to move from the illegally built shops on the land belonging to the Forest Department.
Since the Chyne (Khain) tribe is mentioned in this news, let us now see how the spelling of this tribe came about.
The residents of the village have raised two issues to the Block whether to hold elections or to abolish the VEC in the village.
There have been 4,033 confirmed cases and 955 deaths.
Also present on the occasion were the Minister of Sports, Bah Shaklair Warjri, MLA of the area, Bah Methodius Dkhar, Rambrai MLA RG Momin, officers from various departments, elders and others.
With this victory, Rangdajied have earned 3 points while Nangkiew Irat have had to leave home empty handed.
The winners were Bah Puson Maiong, Bah Puson Maiong, who won the first prize after catching a fish weighing 4.5 kg, Bah Pyniohbor Sumer, Bah S.Maiong, who won the second prize. he came in fourth place.
Shillong, Nailar, 18: U Bah Samborlang Diengdoh on Friday announced that he will join the Trinamool Congress to contest the 2023 Assembly elections. against the MLA of Pynthorumkhrah Constituency, Bah Alexander L.Hek.
The library was equipped by Nartap Village with the assistance of three voluntary groups namely MOSONIE Socio-Economic Foundation, Piramal Foundation and Goonj Foundation. to collect the necessary books from their own homes.
However, they don't understand how much this humiliation and degradation.
Leaders of the All Meghalaya Association of Persons with Disabilities, including Kong Rida Khriam and others, came to encourage the re-election of these office bearers.
Panah just looked at her.
Mynrieng village has about 61 households and since 2016 they have received this road. Regarding this problem, the village leaders under the leadership of Bah Phasson Khongtani have faced this problem. The Rangbah Shnong has been appealing to the relevant authorities to help in the repair and improvement of the road so that it will be convenient for the people but until now they have not done anything.
Kumar came to Shillong to receive training at the National Academy of Customs and Narcotics (NACIN), Shillong.
The District Sports Officer, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh invites all schools from Ri Bhoi District to participate in the Chief Minister District Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2023 which will be held from 19th to 21st June,
The President of the Hills Farmers Union of Mawsynram Block, Bah Odas Pdahkasiej, said that the lack of sub-way in the river has put the farmers in trouble and also the people of Mawsynram Block. the whole country.
The Chief Minister, after four days of self-quarantine, left for his office and on the 26th of July, which is the Republic Day, he left to celebrate and raise the flag at Madan Polo. Many comments have been made by Bah AL Hek, MLA of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) from Pynthorumkhrah. The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Aman Warr, has strongly condemned the violation of the Covid-19 rules by the Prime Minister.
Thus, Agnipath can be said to be a scheme to encourage those who wish to earn a living besides the happiness of the future.
The participants include 26 women and 69 men.
The House also held a two minute silence to express its condolences on the sudden passing away of PA Sangma.
Then, the Dkhar woman or the woman's mother gave birth to a shisha.
The death toll in Gujarat has risen to 12 today, bringing the total to 53, the state health department said.
On this day, mothers with children in their bodies, flocked to the meeting and prepared to register and join as full supporters.
Donbok said that from the very beginning, the party has stood firm on its position to demand that the state government should revise the Reservation Policy.
However, when the leader of the people arrived at the hospital, he was surprised to find that the place was still empty and many parts of the hospital were closed. There is not a single employee of the health department.
However, at the same time, Bah Nongrem, who recently left the Congress, said that he is still the leader of the opposition in KHADC as the UDP and HSPDP are on the same side. He said that his departure from the Congress is for personal reasons and nothing else.
The Assam government has already cleaned the PMGSY road from Langpih to Mawkoibari, but nothing has been done.
In its investigation, Rupang has found that tourists find it difficult to walk not only in Laitumkhrah or Mawlai but all over Shillong.
Both were arrested by police in North Shanxi Province on July 24 this year after authorities discovered the violation months ago.
She said that the office has implemented the welfare scheme through DAY-NULM, which is to set up self-employment for SHGs and they will receive a fund of Rs.10,000/- and other funds. Through the Self Employment Programme, up to 30 beneficiaries will receive loans of up to Rs 2 lakh each.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Ardent said that this area needs to be built as a market for the Khasi and the Kharmetor should be relocated which has already been built by the government. Your house is in Nongmensong.
Many Hynniewtrep women who marry Garo men have to become Garo along with their children.
Shillong: The youths who have completed their training in agriculture from the government department have protested against the government to appoint them in the department where they have completed their training as allocated.
The meeting was held due to the increase in the number of cases of COVID19 in several countries.
You can talk on the phone in the morning and evening or in the morning.
The body of Fullmoon was found on the night of the 16th from Mynkre, East Jaintia Hills.
“Man's mismanagement of the environment and its surroundings has led to climate change and disasters such as floods, landslides and others that destroy the beauty. “It's a great loss to the environment,” said Bah T.Lyngwa.
Another issue is the Admit Cards which the center initially refused to accept, which the students should submit after signing in front of the invigilator and submit to the centre.
Thousands of people from the state attended the ceremony.
The leaders of the Union also alleged that the Lyngdoh has deceived the truth by counting the death of Kjun Kharthangmaw, who is still alive.
Other reports said that the road to Lumshnong has been cut off.
At present, Pala said the Congress has not yet announced its candidates and will soon announce and set up various committees including the campaign committee.
The IDF said troops seized a large quantity of Hamas weapons from the area after following a crematorium leading to the kindergarten school. soil.
Borolin Khongshei has lodged a complaint that on the evening of July 13, robbers stole her truck (ML-10C-4160) from LCS Road at Bholaganj, East Khasi Hills.
Meghalaya should not be judged by Shillong.
The Jaintia National Council (JNC) on Friday sent a video to the government authorities regarding the damage to two projects which have not been implemented for many years in East Jaintia Hills. which includes the Residential School and the Teacher's Training Centre.
Various inquiries have been completely deceived.
The CSWO said in the petition that corruption in the state has increased due to the involvement of the police, politicians and the two governments. shah byrngem turns to prosecute the law.
Therefore, if the government is serious about bringing about cleanliness, it should increase the number of officers or inspectors to inspect shops, food production plants and restaurants because it is only through the number of officers who can stop and maintain cleanliness in terms of food items.
All his work will remain unemployed and may even lead to great damage.
The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) has staged a second day of protest in front of the DC office in Jowai and outside the JHADC to force the district authorities to remove the tax collection gate set up by Karbi. Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) in Khanduli.
The Assistant Research Officer explained about the North East Festival 2022 which was held across the districts of the state and also included marathons, quiz competitions and SHG fairs cum financial literacy camps.
Speeches were delivered by JMB CEO SS Syiemlieh, KS Siangshai, Rangbah Shnong of Khim Musniang, Robilla Mylliem, Jaintia Traders Association President and SURE President HH Mohrmen.
“We have decided to go to the Kashari High Court to demand the rights of the people from the MDC schemes, the inability to hold mid-term MDC elections and especially the harassment of the people of the constituency,” he said. said Mr. Paliar.
These are for Nongpoh, Umsning, Mawlai, Labanprem, Nongthymmai, Mylliem, Mawphlang, Mawsynram, Sohra and Shella.
Tomorrow the match will be between Sabahmuswang and Lumiawmushai Shangpung at 3 pm.
Therefore, the union urges the students in the district to work hard and if there are really students who want to sit in these examinations, the union is ready to help for such students.
Andrew MDC of the Congress has filed a petition under WP(C) No.383 of 2019 against the State of Meghalaya and JHADC for allegedly violating the rules of procedure of the JHADC in the election of the Chairman. The new council has been appointed as the Chairman.
However, this post has not been moved yet.I don't know why.
Shillong, November 12: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has not yet received the report of the committee of inquiry into the transfer of funds of the Council into private accounts.
“Explaining on the allegation by the FKJGP that Dr. Habamut Lyngdoh has set up a private clinic in his quarter, Bah AS Kharnaior, General Secretary of the Union of Village Authorities Mawsynram Area, said, The Shnong has not upgraded the clinic to a 'Private Clinic' and the Shnong has no complaints or complaints about the establishment of Dr. Habamut's Clinic. eh to the people who are sick, especially at night.
There are those who are only looking forward to becoming a leader and getting the power to hold the administration of the State.
In the meantime, many contractors have fled because of the fact that among the houses that have collapsed there are still many houses that have collapsed.
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson has tested positive for the coronavirus and is now in isolation working from home.
The arrested are Evakordor Nongpluh (26) from Shillong and Tarson Lymba (58) from Dawki.
On the same issue, the Delimitation Committee of KHADC has recently announced that it will hold a special meeting in 23 constituencies to listen to the opinions of the people. part of the preparations for the division of constituencies ahead of the MDC elections next year.
During the visit, Chang Jae-bok and his wife Gu Jung-Hyun planted medicinal plants on this day.
The Hima will also deploy the Royal Police to patrol and if anyone is found not wearing masks and violating the rules, they will face severe punishment.
The General Meeting of the Federation of All School Teachers Meghalaya (FASTOM) held on the 7th of this month at Madan New Nongstoin has decided to give a deadline to the government to They have implemented their demand to increase the deficit rank of all Adhoc teachers, from Lower Primary to Higher Secondary School ranks by 30th June
The matches on the 11th will be between Mait Shaphrang Mootyrshiah vs Pateinki Sabah at 11 pm, Madankynsaw Mookyndeng vs Mupliang at 1 pm and Madan Thadmuthlong vs Tpep at 1 pm. Pale haka after 3 pm.
The students' union said the government should pay the compensation for the students who were hospitalized after being beaten by law enforcement officers on the incident on 10th November.
“I don't know what you said... So how can I do that I don't understand what this life is.
“The number of women who are self-employed is a great blessing to the society,” said James.
>Domestic electricians should not leave MeECL electrical appliances inside their yard or house to avoid injury.
The KSU said that before taking this decision to close down the bank, the Branch Manager of the bank did not believe the letter sent to him demanding that the bank should be closed down. to update the passbooks and also to operate the ATM machine at the bank.
He also urged the party supporters from Mylliem to give up the spirit of hatred against the Khasi people but to start the revival of the UDP. On the other hand, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Working President of the party, said that However, the power in the state has been transferred to the party outside the state.
The health camp will have doctors and health workers to treat various diseases ranging from HIV, bones, eyes, TB, disabilities and others.
The Hima Mawphlang has donated 20 acres of land for the construction of these schools.
Shillong: The deaths from Coronavirus (4), Achak Jangegre (42) from East Garo Hills, Sima Medhi (42) from Rynjah RR Colony and Lihmon Kynti Rajee from Rynjah RR Colony have died on Tuesday. Makwilda Nongrum, 86, of Rynjah Rngi, died at home. The deceased was taken to Robert Hospital.
We have often heard that the salary of teachers is lower than that of employees.
He also urged all the DPCs to order their members to be disciplined and polite during the 24th March.
It is worth mentioning that a few months ago, KHNAM had cleaned up the garbage in the area to restore the beauty of the mawbynna. The road was built in this area to prevent the public from spreading garbage but it seems that it has increased.
The police have been working hard to arrest drug traffickers across the country, but it is more difficult to track down the drug traffickers because they have developed many tricks to hide their names.
It is clear that the voice of the people has already decided to reject the political parties who have been involved in the death of Bah Cheristerfied Khongwir, for failing to resolve the issues of Themmetor in Ïewmawlong, for failing to do their job. but the government needs to create even if it is to cover up the differences between the ethnic political parties.
The Longkmie said that she is very sorry for the speech of the Dean of CAU, because as a longkmie who has a responsibility for the family, how much it has affected the dignity of her and when she appears as a These allegations affect the dignity of the family and the community as a whole.
The people of Manipur need a strong law and a ban on mynder from owning the state. We want the government to implement the ILP like in Nagaland and Mizoram,” said Khomdram Ratan.
Earlier, when trucks were passing through Shillong, there was a discussion and it was expected that the traffic jam would be less after the completion of the Shillong bypass. However, the traffic jam has increased even after the completion of the road where trucks are no longer passing through Shillong.
This group whatsapp is created after the contribution of fellow members as well as other individuals who have helped this group.
The flight was scheduled to leave at 2 pm, but left at 5.20 pm.
The Mawlai MLA said that from 2013 to 2018, the MLA Scheme of T.7 crore will be allocated to the people of the constituency for various development works in Mawlai and to the families who have lost their lives. don't.
Mr. Scott is a senior officer of IFAS and joined in
Meghalaya will have to prepare for the match against Mizoram, which will start on 26th July at Anand, Gujarat.
Gokhale in the complaint alleged that MeECL and MePDCL have cut off electricity to one village because some of the residents have not paid their bills. boarding.
The Central Puja Committee said it will also deploy about 100 volunteers at the Puja mandals in collaboration with the Shillong Police.
Shillong, Lber 31: The newly elected MLA from Mawryngkneng Constituency, Bah Heavingstone Kharpran, while speaking at the awarding ceremony of the Dorbar Shnong Sohryngkham Pyllun in collaboration with the VPP Sohryngkham, on Tuesday, said: He said that in fact, it is not for him to be honored but because he has just won because many of the things he wanted to achieve have not yet been achieved.
The Meghalaya High Court, which is hearing the Public Interest Litigation (PIL), today said that the weigh-pads, which are being weighed by the The state government has said that they cost T.27 lakh each and should be purchased and used in the most needy areas.
Kostyuk has also decided not to shake hands which has caused a stir among the spectators who have come to witness the matches.
According to the reporter, the installation of water pipes is underway at Hynniewmer on the road to Elaphant Fall, which is also the road to Sohra and Mawphlang.
At this meeting, Bah Sanbor, who is also the Minister in charge of Labour, promised the members of the NDWM, Meghalaya Unit that his department will ensure that all domestic workers are included in the e-shram.
These include EGH: 4, EJH: 2, EKH: 202, NGH: 1, RBD: 56, SWGH: 3, SWKH: 29, WGH: 6, WJH: 37 and WKH:
Out of the 59 constituencies, the BJP has remained unchanged, winning only two seats, AL Hek and Sanbor Shullai.
He said that the Clan Bill comes on the basis of the longkur longkha where the kurs will know and recognize those who belong to the same kur as well as those who are born on the father's side.
In his speech, the Chief Guest congratulated the DRDA team and the Block Development Office Amlarem for their hard work in completing this three-room building.
She said that the changes and development works that have taken place in this area from the street lights and roads and other development works and requested everyone to cooperate in this project. .
The rights of others shall not be stolen or violated.
The Red Road has become a four lane road (NH6).
He also recalled that the Mawlai By-pass road has been reopened by PT Sawkmie.
He died on July 20, 1833 and was buried with honor in Westminster Abbey.
Therefore, the relocation of the Mawpud and the permission to relocate is a curse to those who touch the Mawpud which the ancients had set.
The UDP delegation led by General Secretary Jemino Mawthoh has submitted its recommendation to the Chairperson of the Committee, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh.
who gave himself up for me.Galatians 2:2
Zawahiri, an Egyptian doctor worth $25 million, was involved with Osama bin Laden in the November 11, 2001, attack on the United States. killed 3thousand people.
The amount of T.2 lakh each should be paid through the office of the Deputy Commissioner of the districts and should be given to the relatives while the injured should be sent through the office of the Deputy Commissioners. ensure that the money reaches the victims.
For Tura, the contest will be between the NPP candidate Purno A Sangma and the Congress candidate Daryl Sangma.
From that moment on, it was as if someone had put me in a boat and then I was flying around.
The country now needs wise, courageous and God-fearing rulers.
For clarity, the amendment to the Citizenship Act 1955 is Section 6, Citizenship by Naturalisation, which allows non-Indians to become Indian citizens under specific conditions. .
To confirm and enforce these decisions taken by the Dorbar Elaka, the Dorbar Shnong requests and directs the various Dorbar Shnongs to immediately declare these decisions of the Dorbar Elaka as Shnong and to cooperate for the benefit and benefit of the Dorbar Elaka. The whole district.
They have now earned 13 points and will play Manipur in Kolkata from 28th November.
I need a job.
He said the Central Executive Committee (CEC) has appointed Bah Teimiki Laloo as the Vice Chairman of the party for six months.
The KSU said that the village leaders have expressed that they will be in trouble if the government cannot set up the BOP until the end of the boundary of Mukroh village.
The athlete from Lumparing, who used to compete in Meghalaya Power Lifting, was the only athlete from the state to take part in the competition.
But when they experienced Pentecost, they were all willing to suffer for the Lord.
Expressing their confidence in the new leadership as CEM, the members urged the CEM to look into and do something for the people living on the border with Assam who are facing many challenges. The National Green Tribunal has issued an order to ban the mining of shyiap in the Khasi Hills.
Shillong: The District Football Association (DFA) has decided to hold the sixth Tura Football League (TFL) tournament in Garo Hills at the beginning of March.
Jowai, November 7: Police in WJH today arrested a man named Chemi Phawa from Mihmyntdu village on charges of smuggling counterfeit currency in Jaintia Hills. .
In the new department, Jan said that only two departments will start working first, namely the Professional Tax and the NOC for land so that the people can take He said that the department has not been able to do the Land Records due to the lack of staff.
On the other hand, the Ex-Servicemen and Serving Personnel team also distributed prizes to the winners and losers as an encouragement to them to continue to grow in the field of football.
:Members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) on 7th November 2023 held a meeting to commemorate the 29th death anniversary of former President of the KSU Bah Bull N Lyngdoh.
"Many people in Russia don't like the name of Joseph Stalin.
Recently, the Minister of Statistics Program and Implementation, DV Sadananda Gowda said that the Central Government understands the plight of the people of this state to oppose the road especially the KSU but it needs to resolve this issue.
Led by the Senior Leader of the HMAR Community, they met with the Rangbah Shnong of Pilangkata, Bah Besterfield Shylla and also the leaders of the two groups, the HMAR Community and Zomi. Welfare Association groups who came from Manipur to take temporary shelter in these villages of Meghalaya due to the conflict in Manipur which has affected the peace and order of all the residents of Manipur.
All the football coaches of the country will come to participate.
Since November, 2015 he has served as the Parish Priest of Divine Savior Church Nonbah.
These two leaders were arrested in the past four months for the ILP protest. It may be recalled that Bah Reginald was arrested by the MPDA on 31st March 18th March 2013 from Sngithiang, Kyrbom, Mawprem where police arrested him while he was inside an ambulance, while Bah Eldie N Lyngdoh was arrested from Umsning on charges of throwing a petrol bomb. Puja pandal.
Nongstoin, Nailar 10: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, Bah Garod LSN Dykes IAS, on Tuesday said that according to the powers conferred on him under Section 324-A of the M.E.Act, The 15th July 2023, will be a day of alcohol ban in the entire district of West Khasi Hills as it is the day of celebration of Independence Day.
After investigation, police have arrested two persons involved in the incident and the investigation is ongoing to find out more.
Do you have a job? Not that either! Where shall I be happy? There is a lack of understanding and lack of thought about the life and death of the Khasi people.
Ma Kerios Wahlang has composed hundreds of songs, but only about seventy songs have been found in his own handwriting.
Besides the floods in Jorabat on the Assam side, there was also a flood in Ampher 12mer village, where houses and St. Jude Secondary School were affected.
According to Sniawbhalang, the mid-term elections from Shella have nothing to do with the MP elections and the UDP candidate Balajiedkupar Synrem will win this time.
It was seen that the shops that used to sell cassettes 40 years ago have now turned into shops selling meat, shops selling food and most of them have turned into shops selling mobile phones and shops selling mobile cards.
As a thank you for their participation, before the end of the programme, the farmers were donated with spraying equipment, jhur watering cans, jhur harvesting knives, hoes and soil harvester. , fruit and vegetable seeds, and natural insecticides such as Beauveria bassiana, Trichoderma viride, Metarhizium anisopliae, Entomopathogenic Nematodes (Soldiers).
“I believe that we don't need to do new jobs but we need to help the farmers to improve their farming”.
Rupang also spoke to one of the leaders of KHNAM, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor who is also the new MDC. He said that KHNAM will hold an emergency meeting tomorrow. and at that meeting it shall decide whether to withdraw or not to proceed.
This is one of the reasons why those low income families are facing difficulties because they have to buy school supplies between these times because these supplies are really expensive. They are very expensive and many now due to the increase in GST their price is not less than shiphew thousand tyngka.
These are the symbols of a new idea that I would like to extend to the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia, to live to protect and improve your country no matter what rank you are, for the sake of the environment. Therefore, you have your own benefit that Mariang will give you.
“We have asked for time until July 30 to see whether the government's announcement will work or not in private factories and so far we have not received an order from the government to implement the new fare,” said PK. Apparently.
“I have already explained in my reply to the budget that they should sit inside the dorbar on that day.
Police were informed that the incident was carried out by the village authority.
Eddie Mawphniang 30kg Male 15th.
Nongpoh, 09 Naiwieng: The Union of 8 Villages in Pahamrioh Circle, has expressed its deep sorrow over the load shedding of MeECL, saying that during these hours from 8 to 10 pm, the load shedding of MeECL It is still the time when the students are studying to prepare for the final examination.
Since the enforcement of 144CrPC in Lumshnong, near the Toll Plaza, the police have taken steps to patrol the area and to maintain peace and order in the area. regarding the prohibitions as directed by the District Administration of East Jaintia Hills District.
The JSU hopes that the JHBA will not listen to this problem and the demands of the parents and students of the area for a bright future for all of us.
He explained that the reason for the fine by the Traffic Police Department is that the vehicles used for treatment do not have vehicle passes.
Thus, on 14.4.1890, 2 miles before he reached Bilat, he died.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 5,045 and the death toll has risen to
Therefore, the meeting scheduled to be held on 23rd March, 2020 at 11.00 pm at the State Central Library, Shillong has been cancelled.
There they tried to rob and loot the natural resources of the state and to violate the rights of the people through the promotion of trade, literature, education, and Even the health of the people has been affected by the outbreak of Covid-1
He said that West Khasi Hills is close to the Balpakram National Park, therefore the government needs to improve some of the facilities for the people of this district.
Ronal is the son of Rakhelda Syiem and Kresmohon Diengdoh of Mawkhlam-Nongpyndeng.
The Chief Minister of MHRC Shillong, Justice T.Vaiphei, has urged the CS to report whether the Dorbar Shnongs receive assistance from the government to run the Quarantine Centres.
The match on Sunday witnessed a spectacular performance in which up to 47,000 spectators witnessed the match.
“On the 5th of January, after the Foundation learned about her participation in the Meghalaya Games, the members talked to her about posting on social media.
The Maharashtra Secretariat, the Ministry of Health and the State Government have decided to close the secretariat for two days after four of its employees were found to have been infected with the virus. coronavirus infection.
On the other hand, the BJP has said that within 180 days after the formation of the government, it will resume coal mining.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Tynsong said that the village has received this scheme to transform the people which is also a blessing to them.
After the meeting, various sports programs started from cow milking, running, tyllai, running or running with the participation of 10 villages, distribution of awards to students who have passed the SSLC and HSSLC (Arts, Science and Commerce) examinations.
There have been 1,79,723 new cases of covid-19 in India in the past 24 hours, up 12.6% from yesterday, bringing the total number of cases to 3,57,07,7 after.
