Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The Officer-in-Charge of Nongstoin Police Station has lodged a complaint against Bolly Roy Lyngkhoi, GS, HANM West Khasi Hills Hills District and other members of Nongstoin Police Station on the 1st of this month. by another rebel group in the district if the DC does not listen to their demand.
Mawkyrwat, June 17: The Mawkyrwat District Sports Association (MDSA) today held a selection camp (SC) at Mawmerïong Square, Sakwang Village, South West Khasi Hills District today. The athletes who will represent South West Khasi Hills District at the Meghalaya Games 2022 in Shillong will be held from 2nd to 7th June,
He also urged that the meetings of the members of the Mylliem Hima should be held every four months.
Kong Ampareen visited the hospital after receiving reports that the doctors of the hospital have not provided adequate treatment to a woman who came for treatment. you can't go to the hospital.
In the second half, the Masonic Cricket Club, which won the toss, did not manage to tied first.
The incident occurred at 3 pm this morning, when the residents were still in their homes.
If this is the case, it is clear that Nanda considers the APHLC Rangbah as dewthala, that he is willing to talk nonsense.
Speaking to Kynjatshai on 31st October, Bindo said that the Reservation Policy has been implemented since the 1970s when the state was an Autonomous State. In 1972, the Reservation Policy was adjusted to 40%-40%.
Regarding the ILP, Samla Lambok also strongly criticized the state government for not taking action to get the ILP by shaking hands but they have already passed the resolution without following up and forcing the Indian government to grant it. Samla Lambok said that there is no opposition to the Government of India but it is necessary to ask whether the Government of India accepts or not the demands of the indigenous people.
Khliehriat, Lber 14 : Members of the East Jaintia National Council (ENC) led by Sambormi Lyngdoh and General Secretary Nangjan Dkhar today staged a protest in Khliehriat town. The Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswas Sharma, has admitted that Mukroh village still falls under Assam.
He said that on Tuesday they appointed the District School Education Officer to monitor, but there is no sign that the government will appoint lower primary teachers in the district.
During the raid, some foreigners complained and they were taken to Sardar Police Station to discuss their complaint.
Everyone knows this, the people know, the Government of India and the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) know,” he said.
Sometimes the moon and the stars In the sky we sit around Harud dpei, Mei Ieit (L) Kynsai Lynshiang used to tell us about the "Hima Lynshiang" which is in the west of the state and which It's a little far from Shillong. But when I was a child, I didn't know how far away it was because I was only 4/5 years old.
According to a source, Pasan Hill is a man who likes to bring development projects in the area from abroad. First Project Director of Proin Child Development Center (PCDC).
When we tried to ask the people, they said that the Public Hearing has already ended and the public hearing started at 10:00 pm,” said Bah KS Suchiang. “We are surprised by this.
About 10% of the PRIME Kickstart Grant and PRIME Innovation Scaleup Loan have been allocated only to start-up entrepreneurs.
“What is worse is that if there is no electricity or lack of electricity, crime will happen such as theft and other crimes,” he said.
There are 142 recoveries from the disease.
The Chief Minister said that the talks will not be easy, as it will also involve the Karbi Anglong District Council and we will have to involve all those involved in this issue.
He left the Congress and returned to the NPP, now he has joined the BJP and said the people of Ranikor constituency will give the result on 2nd October.
(This means those who were still alive until that time, who had not been baptized, who had received him).
The preparation for this is more important for the various parties to get the best and most qualified candidates to win the election.
In the 60+ men's doubles, RK Deban Singh and Ibochaoba Sapam won, while K Kumar Singh and W Jayanta Kumar Singh won the 60+ men's singles. from Meghalaya.
Therefore, when you understand that you are from the same race, you feel happy and close.
God's Word makes it clear that only those who share in the first resurrection are holy.
Compared to the salaries of the employees, the employees still owe Rs 69.99 crore to the JHADC.
The world is now smart, just click/click, you get information.
In the second half, Solid Target struggled to score the first goal but couldn't score despite having several chances. Mylliem also had many chances to score more goals but these chances were wasted due to the inability to shoot the ball into the net.
Living without a salary for six months is not easy because we too are human beings and have many needs in our families.
Therefore, Bah Donkupar Sumer said that his resignation is due to the insult and bias of the UDP party under the leadership of Bah Donbok Khymdeit who has been violent and if they reject it, the party He was quick to come forward to explain the reasons and actions of the party which do not meet the voice of the majority.
By 2028, a new state will emerge for Garo Hills, because in Garo Hills, there are 24 MLAs, which is enough for them to get a state, especially when the number of constituencies is increased. .
The run was held in November 2021 and the examination was held in June 2022, but the Government has not yet released the result.
On the other hand, Bah Pius Ranee, Executive Director of NESFAS in his speech, pointed out the threat to the indigenous seeds of the villagers due to the abundance of cleaned seeds which cannot be stored for a long time.
As part of the once again celebration of the return of the famous Indian sports tournament to the stadium, a special facility has been prepared for the spectators.
When they come to the city for their needs, they enter and leave as soon as possible to eat places just to avoid hunger and thirst.
East Khasi Hills has 70 cases, West Garo Hills has 9 cases and others.
It is learned that the incident inside the house, has happened since last Thursday when there was a stone throwing in the roof of the house and various items inside the house, but when the owners of the house They tried to find out if anyone was playing or doing shitia, but nothing was found and this left the house and the whole village in darkness, because of these stones, Phan ki Piat and others. They arrived at the house without breaking the tins of the house.
The Chief Minister said that the border issue was discussed in Langpih and it was suggested to set up a Coordination Committee to monitor the border issue and bring peace and stability.
The Dorbar Niam of the Seinraij Jowai, with its concern for the challenges faced by the children of the Raij, the Shnong, the country and the Jaitbynriew due to the outbreak of Covid-19 on Tuesday morning, The ceremony was held at the Langdoh's house, the holy house of the Raij.
They say that while the disease is still low, then the lockdown, when they say it has increased, we are being thrown away, oh the world of changes.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: U Bah Disparsing Rani has lodged a complaint with the Governor of Meghalaya against the rejection of the Chief Information Commissioner (CIC) Bah CD Kynjing and alleged that the CIC has violated the Right to Information (RTI) Act. , 2005.
Bengaluru: Nithyananda, a goddess, has fled India without a proper passport.
We must be vigilant because if we catch the bsein but in the end the bsein will turn around and it is our duty as citizens of the land of Hynniewtrep to be vigilant from now on with the outcome. The purpose of these foreigners is to show their strength in this land of Hynniewtrep and in the state as a whole and it is in such signs that the Sengbhalang stands on the basis that the government is “It is not necessary to implement the ILP but to take a decision as a responsibility and the government should not play games or fight here and there,” said the statement. Fredrick said the Congress government's decision to implement the ILP is only a fear of losing its own vote bank.
Angela said that the money has not reached the day laborer who has lost his salary because he has to stay at home from these two schemes.
Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma on Saturday said, “This has been done to resolve the border issue not only with Meghalaya but also with Mizoram, Arunachal Pradesh and Nagaland. Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Home Minister Amit Shah to resolve the border issue and bring about the unity of the states of the North East The 75th Anniversary of India's Independence or Azaadi is the Amrit Mahotsav,” said Himanta.
Through this order, the DC has also authorized government officers to conduct raids on shops at any time so that the use of plastic bags in the district can be completely stopped.
DMC SSA Nongstoin and staff who came to visit the village.
They urged Bah T.Nonglang, as the first leader of VAOLC, to start reviving the organization and working again, so that unity can return once again in the region.
He said the EC will work hard to ensure that the tax evasion will end so that the revenue collection of the council will increase more than in previous years.
The winner, Nongkyriem Cricket Team, won a cash prize of 5,000 tyngka along with a trophy.
“The NPP government doesn't do politics on this issue because we think about the future of the future generations and don't accuse us of taking hasty decisions or eating too much because if we don't do it for 50 years we won't have the courage to finish. he added.
Those who are intelligent and gather knowledge from all over the world and share it with others.
The BJP leader alleged that the BJP has implemented the rules of the RSS in the state. and Meghalaya,” said Payeng, adding that the arrival of the AAP in the state should change the face.
On this issue, the 13 Sengbhalang, which met today, gave 10 days to the State Government, to release the members who have been arrested under the MPDA without any restrictions. .
It has been almost two months since the ethnic conflict in Manipur broke out and there have been horrific killings and displacement of residents.
Furthermore, if the woman can provide sufficient evidence of the eviction, she can lodge a complaint with the law enforcement authorities.
East – River, Asem Head and Pashang.
“Kumto keiñ,” he said, “you have seen when you stand on your own, and like that old tree you will count, but if you unite one strength, one strategy in the weight of all the trees, who can defeat them? you !" – Unity is strength.
Speaking to media, Bah Metbah said it was a sad news and shocked all the people that Dr Azad is a good and pleasant person.
Pynshongdor, on the other hand, scored 30 runs (24) but this did not save the team from the defeat.
Senwal Ch Marak (4') and Walsrang Ch Sangma (37') scored for Atong Magrik.
The film was made on a budget of around Rs 10 lakh.
Nelson Rymbai scored a hat-trick in the 79th minute and two penalty kicks in the 57th and 90+2 minutes.
The BAM branch was inaugurated by Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla in the presence of Deputy Commissioner, Garod LSN Dykes, Chief Guest, Phidalia Toi and others. at Infinity Hall, Mooralong, Jowai.
“It is not the first time, I have found that this is the third time,” said Bah Ronnie.
It was also announced that Caffinia intends to produce her own Bible song which she wants to sing with her family.
In this Peaceful March, KYKWM marched from Mihmyntdu, Ladthadlaboh, Moosalyngkat, Awmusiang, Tpep Pale, Dulong, Panaliar, Chiliang Raij – Umchangiar, Khimusniang, Chutwakhu and Chutwakhuri. Jowai.
He said that before the arrival of the British, the Bengalis from Shillong had trade relations with the Bengalis in Sylhet, Mymensing and other places.
Furthermore, the MLA of Mawhati does not want to reveal in the media about the work he has done, but it is up to the people to understand and the supporters also request various groups to cooperate with the MLA from for the benefit of the Constituency as a whole.
The District Level Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament will be held in Nongstoin from the 26th of this month.
On the other hand, these youths urged the Sengbhalang to look into helping them.
Therefore, it is up to us to stand against any force that tries to exert power over the people and especially any force that tries to lead the nation as a whole to a destruction that we will never be able to recover from. .
Speaking at the service, Revd.Nongbri, said that Pastor Warbah has served in the church for about 50 years and in these 50 years, he has been like the father of many believers around the world. around the church.
Shillong, Nailur 24: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, today confirmed that the Loka Yukta will be implemented soon in the state as all the requirements have been prepared.
The injured were rushed to Williamnagar for treatment.
Meanwhile, Khliehmaw-lieh was the only team from West Khasi Hills to reach the semi final of the Super Division of the NDSA. They will reach the semi final.
“We are discussing and analyzing and after that we will decide what to do,” said Mondal.
Atta will be distributed at the price of 5 kilos per card in urban areas and 3 kilos per card in rural areas at the price of T.10.50/- per kilo.
The Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs together with the Meghalaya Football Association and the Meghalaya State Olympic Association on 1st June welcomed the team of football players of the state who won the gold medal in the tournament. Khelo India Youth Games 2023.
During the raid, police arrested another foreigner who used to distribute Khasi and Jaintia films to the public from Laitumkhrah.
“Speaking on the unemployment of educated youth, Bah Kharkrang criticized the promise of the ruling NPP in the state to create 5 lakh jobs while only Up to 9,000 vacant posts in Government departments have not been filled yet.
Therefore, the union demands that the government and the district authorities of Ri Bhoi, should take action against the slow entry of these heavy vehicles in the area, which has caused problems to the people. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Larry Suchiang.
“It is also wrong to admit that Meghalaya is a Christian state, or to say that India is a Hindu country and I urge us to stand against any attempt to create division. in the name of religion, let us not look at each other with religious feelings, but let us fight hard to maintain the unity of the nation and the country”.
In addition, it has also increased the salary of Adhoc teachers by 50%, which has benefited about 10,000 teachers, leading to a maximum revenue of T.81 crore per annum.
At the same time, the Government of India is keen to expand the border, and wants to conduct only Defence, External Affairs and Communications. .
“For two years the BJP has been in power in the country, how many people have been banned from going to church, who have been banned from eating beef, who have been converted?”, asked Bah Suting. Don't be misled by these people, because when the elections are near, they will lose their minds.
Speaking on the opening day of the indefinite strike, Ardent said that as the VPP has promised to fight until the demand for release is won, Please review the reservation policy.
The doctor's fee is T.71 lakh, T.1.92 crore for medical treatment, T.38 lakh for medicine and T.92 lakh for the visit of Dr Richard Beale from UK and T. .12 lakh for physiotherapy treatment at Mount Elizabeth Hospital, Singapore and the room fee alone costs T.1.24 crore.
To rise together in all directions.
On the other hand, Bah RB Shadap, said that as the new leader of the synjuk, he will continue to work as he has done in the past few days, and that is to demand from the government on the needs for development. he went to Ri Bhoi.
Meghalaya also has hopes of winning a gold medal in boxing after Bhalang Shadap in the 67kg category won the semi final to qualify for the final.
When asked whether the Congress will contest in 2023 from Mawshynrut, some said that just to avoid the flag raising and the dissolution of the party, if anyone applies for a ticket, it will be given. They also said that even if we estimate that until the 2023 election, there will be more than 5,000 supporters.
Indian Minister V Muraleedharan is undergoing treatment at his residence in Delhi after he met a doctor who tested positive for coronavirus at a hospital. meeting in Thiruvananthapuram.
In many cases, the poor condition of this road has caused small and heavy vehicles to break down in the middle of the road and this has caused more suffering to the passengers, from traffic jams and also from traffic jams. They have to struggle to walk straight through these potholes and heavy ditches on this road which can put them and their vehicle in great danger.
All these football tournaments are organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
More than 2 lakh participants will visit the exhibition over the two days, including students, volunteers and Yuva Sangam participants.
The Minister praised the State for its intention to implement this scheme and said that it will be an example for other States in the country.
It is surprising that the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India has been announced across the state and in the media for decades. The scheme that should have been established for that purpose has not been taken into account.
The bodies of 40 CRPF personnel were taken to Delhi today.
Tamu will play against Lumrot at 12 noon and Nonglatem will play against Namdong-A at 2 pm.
This reporter called the MeECL office at 7 mer Upper Shillong but the answer was that it will take time as it is a big loss.
The pastor said that these people are from New York.
“Why don't I understand why they blame the Minister of Home Affairs and why they demand the resignation of Bah Lakmen Rymbui”.
Russia has 106,498 cases and 1,073 deaths.
DR Ranee while on the closing day and awarding prizes to the winners, Bah John Khyriem, who has been involved in supporting MAKO to complete the Kickboxing Ring to hold this championship, was present.
When we see the sign of the growth of wisdom – we know that we are living in the time when God will end it, and that is – NOW.Daniel 12:4
The Meghalaya High Court has issued a verdict at the right time to overturn the arbitrary and unjustified decision of the government. MDA on the participation of non-government teachers (govt.
Gourmangi, a graduate of the Tata Football Academy, has played for major clubs in India in his 15-year career.
The PRIME Sauramandala Rural Entrepreneurship Fellowship (PSREF) will open up opportunities for youth and encourage entrepreneurs from all over India to come and work as Fellows & Associates.
On the MP election, she said, “It is the duty of the MP to take the issues of the state to Delhi, to advocate together on these issues.
Speaking at the meeting, Babu S.Thyrniang Vice President of AMSSATA Sengkmie urged the teachers to be united and to communicate with each other so that we can solve all the problems faced by the teachers. SSA is mad all the time.
Petrol price rose to T.71.18 per liter in Delhi on Tuesday, the highest price hike since April
Jharkhand MP Nishikant Dubey has said that any candidate nominated by the BJP should be supported, even if he is a murderer. Amit Shah and his decisions should not be trusted.
The top ranked universities include the Indian Institute of Science (Bengaluru) and Jawaharlal Nehru University (New Delhi), while the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) in Meghalaya ranked lowest. 10 out of 59 others qualified this year.
In a statement sent by Tony Shylla, Rangbah Shnong of Umsawnongkharai, who was elected as the Secretary of Umsawnongkharai, he was defeated by only 5 votes against Angelus Sun. He said that since the Rangbah Shnong election day, two groups have emerged in the village, one between those who support Bah Angelus Sun and those who support Tony Shylla. and they came to an understanding.
Speaking to media after the inauguration of the Sankalp se Siddhi (New India-We Decide to Hold it) program in Shillong today, Meghwal acknowledged that there are many challenges. projects in Meghalaya which are pending in the water resources department but he said he will release them in the next few days with the money.
He said that the VPP's decision to demand a special session is only the first step on the issue of the Reservation Policy and Roster System.
In addition, those who care for these animals are not allowed to wear masks or masks.
The government should have sent police to the border to protect the victims and not to walk around the city or to harass the Sengbhalang leaders.
“On the ILP, after the resolution passed in 2019, the Government has sent to the Central Government to demand the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP). Before the elections to the Legislative Assembly, we also asked the Symbud Myntri Rangbah and he promised that the Prime Minister and the Cabinet will meet with the Minister of Labour. “He (Prestone) has informed that the Prime Minister and the Cabinet have met with Narendra Modi and regarding the The Government of India has not yet given a clear answer whether it will implement the ILP.
According to sources, at about 11.30 pm, Chahlang Police Station received a tip on the presence of several members of the Chahlang Police Station. Police on receiving a tip from the GNLA have rushed to the scene to conduct a search operation to track down the suspects. Furthermore, the GNLA militants have fled the scene and during the raid, the Chahlang Police have also seized The GNLA has seized several weapons including an inflatable boat, 82 AK rifles, three life jackets and a ring. drone, two claymore mines containers, one clothesline and one magazine.
The investigation team includes Magistrate A Kharpuri, Mairom, SDPO, Amlarem and Amlarem BDO B Sungoh.
God gave it to them but sent back the darkness into their souls, which meant that there was no guidance and blessing of God.
It is suspected that the fire may have been caused by the explosion of pataka bombs or small lights burnt during the celebration of Diwali.
The Rotary Club Jowai as one of the organizations serving the welfare of the community has donated PPE to the religious leaders of Jowai.
During the British rule, the Jaintia Dorbar was also the Organ for the people of Jaintia Hills in dealing with the French Government.
Based on the above, it cannot be said that the VPP is standing in the clear, because the candidates are hopeful, reliable, strong, strong, knowledgeable. they are wise and brave to stand firm.
Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit also addressed the VPP Party meeting held today at Iewmawlong, Nongpoh in the presence of the VPP candidate from Umsning, Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon, leaders of the VPP Party. Party and the people who listened to the election campaign of this leader which was also on Nongpoh Market Day at Iewmawlong.
Mizoram Police have arrested and detained 1098 mynder from the North East for illegal entry into the state without proper documents such as Inner Line Permit (ILP) and at the same time Ninety-two persons have been deported to Assam, Mizoram police said on Thursday.
They were identified as Thomlin Surong, Hamboi Langshiang, Secretary Village and Shan Khongiong, Member of the Dorbar Shnong.
Speaking on the benefits of krai, Kong Larika Challam, Senior Scientist KVK, urged and encouraged the farmers to return to the old farming methods in order to preserve the quality and fertility. the ground.
Among the crowd, it was seen that some of them were walking with their children in their hands carrying their belongings as much as they could carry from home, especially their clothes and other belongings. as much as you can carry.
Therefore, in order to avoid tragic incidents, the police should be vigilant and arrest those who drive too fast. and punish them, that it may be a warning to others, that they may not be afraid to drive too fast when they drive.
“We are very surprised that our MP will speak in Parliament for the protection of our small paid community which is now in great danger from the invasion of the authorities. “It has cleared the way for foreign and domestic authorities to enter our state safely,” said the leaders of these organizations.
Philip Burlton was the first to be killed when he tried to pull out a sword from his neck.
Many people were injured in the incident, but among the injured was a woman named Lokhi Iawlur, 66 years old, who sustained serious injuries to her right hand. The woman was rushed to the Civil Hospital, Shillong but later she was shifted to the Civil Hospital, Shillong. strength.
He said that if the CAB will affect the North East, he will do his utmost to find ways and means to protect the North East.
Polyunsaturated fat: This is another type of fat that comes in different forms.
These office bearers include President K. Shadap, Vice President SR Marak and P Khongstid, General Secretary Bah Sienki O Lamare, Asst Sec.
Therefore, the HYC strongly opposes the proposal to set up this factory without the consent of the villagers through the Public Hearing.
If they form a government together, what is the point of fighting, the question arises whether they can continue to demand power from the people.
The District Social Welfare Officer in collaboration with the District Legal Services Authority, Mawkyrwat on 5th July, 2023 held a celebration of the Day of Persons with Disabilities at the Hall of the District Legal Services Authority. Maharam Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat where Bah I Lawrynniang, MCS, Block Development Officer C&RD Mawkyrwat was the chief guest.
Another reason expressed by Pala is that Synsharlang Kupar Lyngdoh, UDP candidate, has not supported (L) HDR Lyngdoh in the 2018 MLA election. to Congress.
Knowledge or education is the most important thing in human life.
The competition was held at the Soso Tham Auditorium.
If we run away, we will fall more and more into that trouble, but if we run away from the Lord, we will be saved from that trouble.
Rikman is an unknown BJP leader but has been with the party since
Initially, the Principal of St. Margareth's School declined to speak to the media, saying that she did not want to defame or defame the school.
“It will happen if something happens to the road that doesn't exist and there is no other road,” said Zenith.
He also requested assistance to improve the Seng Khasi Mawkhar and Raid Laban Cultural Center to promote the Khasi culture.
On the removal of the Rangbah Kur, only the Dorbar Kur can remove him.
“We are also preparing in other constituencies for the upcoming elections,” he said, adding that the people of Ri Lum Garo have wanted MLAs and MDCs from the party.
The women of Nongrim Hill village near Umtyra, East Jaintia Hills District have been beaten up by the management of a coke factory which has promised to provide everything to fight to clean up the air and surroundings. They said that the factory in their village has been flooded by a heavy rainfall from the factory and has also caused damage to the drinking water wells.
In this regard, the village requests the law enforcement agencies to investigate and arrest the robbers immediately and punish them according to the law and the village will provide assistance if necessary, said the sordar. Raison Nongrum and Secretary P Lynshing.
Police have also seized these motorcycles and an Alto 800 number AS01-DH-2009 which was used by the robbers to commit the crime.
He added that the cultivation and production of tobacco reduces the fertility of the soil because many kinds of chemicals are used in the cultivation which are polluting and can cause harm to health.
Also present at the meeting were the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, ALHek, MDC nominee Bindo Lanong, Laitumkhrah MLA Ampreen Lyngdoh, Laitumkhrah MDC Fantin Lakdong. The Rangbah Shnong of Malki, HP Oflin Dohling.
That people and their problems and needs will be looked after again.
If I win the next job, the first thing I will do is the recruitment process in Nongstoiñ.
The meeting was held at the Community Hall of Mawtapiew after the Inspector of Supply informed the residents that he will submit the report to the DC next month after hearing the speech. from both sides, and the DC will make his decision.
Shahin and Jhon Venny tied well for 88 runs and led the team to victory in 24.5 overs.
The Piggery Mission aims to contribute to the transformation of pig production in the state.
However, the independence of Fiji in 1970 led to fierce conflict between the Indians who had settled in Fiji or Indo-Fijians and the indigenous or Fijians.
Jammu and Kashmir has reported 17 deaths and Haryana 14 deaths.
Speaking to media, Prestone Tynsong said that the Meghalaya government through the PDS department has already distributed food items like Khaw, shini and others for the month of October 2020 to the ration shops. .
To improve and develop the school, Bah Sawkmie donated a computer yesterday at a meeting with the teachers and principals of the school.
“Why isn't it right to speak against the government which affects the children of the Hima?
Furthermore, the Executive Committee of the Shnong has warned against any foreigners who take advantage of the name of the village to spread the name of the village. by any acts against the society, and if found guilty of such acts, they shall be handed over to the authorities.
Hundreds of condoms were also seized from the scene.
For Nongrim Hills, B. Swer scored 30', N. Bina 49', B. Nongrum 61' and J. Surong scored 90' while A Krose 66' and P Shadap scored 85' for Laban. .
The misuse of public funds continues and RTI has also revealed that there are many “snai-ïap” projects in South Tura Constituency led by the Prime Minister and in Tura Constituency led by Agatha Sangma. Bernard said in a statement.
Mawlai SC, the winner, received a cash prize of 30,000 tyngka and a trophy while Laitkor SC, which came second, received 18,000 tyngka.
Therefore, although in the State we do not have those rules or laws, but the electorate has the power to teach and not to elect them in order to prevent corruption from happening later.
Besides RDA candidate Robertjune Kharjahrin, UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh, Sohiong MLA Synshar Kupar Lyngdoh, HSPDP General Secretary Panbor Ryntathiang and other UDP leaders were also present on the occasion. Speaking at the meeting, Robertjune said that it is necessary to advocate in Parliament to get measures to protect the jaitbynriew from the infiltration of others, as well as to strengthen the district councils in charge of land. shyiap, you're rich.
Dilip also praised Shillong for having many talented people and the most beautiful place in the North East, and promised before the President to visit the talented people in Shillong. He said that many of the singers are talented when we look at the You Tube of the singers from Shillong, but we need to know the rules of how to sing. .
It is also an opportunity to showcase these traditional customs from dance, music, song, crafts, traditional arts and others which have been led and taught by our ancestors.
The Israelites were surrounded by wells dug around Jerusalem and starved there until they ate their children.
The incident happened at about 11 pm on the NH 6 at Ummulong near the road to Moodymmai village.
R Mukhim scored for Kharang in the 53rd minute, W Nongbri in the 44th minute and S Kharumnuid for Umphrup in the 47th minute.
Shillong, July 29: Former MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah PT Sawkmie, has expressed his deep sorrow over the proposal to suspend the 200 nurses at NEIGRIHMS Hospital.
This month, the most interesting issue in the MDA government is the construction of a shopping mall at Barik opposite the Civil Hospital and opposite the Soso Tham Auditorium or State Library.
Shillong, March 12: Beef vendors in Meghalaya have expressed concern over the ban on meat consumption in the BJP-ruled states in parts of India.
He said that he has nothing to say on this but he will leave it to the wisdom of the people to decide because we cannot fight for land because politics itself should decide to bring about change in the country. state and to have security for indigenous people.
The death toll in China has risen to 500 and the number of infections to 24,0
During the inspection, the CEM, accompanied by EM Market Grace Mary Kharpuri and EM Development, Carness Sohshang, said that there are only Khasi living in the Mawlong Market area. In the past, they were happy but asked again about their ownership.
Speaking to media, Prof. Shukla said it is up to the Ministry of Education to take a decision on the demand to recognize the casual employees as full time employees as the University itself cannot. shim decision and load on this requirement.
Therefore, she urged such refugees to come forward for these services.
Ed of the 1st Batch (2013-15) and 2nd Batch (2015-17) and other demands that the Seng has put before the Government.
There is a need for cooperation between the state government and the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) to resolve this issue, he said.
Many villages connecting through this road like Tlon, Nongshynrut, Nongkrong, Photjylle and also to Shyrkon, Maweit etc., have expressed their anger because the traffic of the people especially the sick has been affected. affected.
At the same time, he praised the department for working hard to achieve the goal of opening this hospital by temporarily recruiting the youth until they can pass the recruitment examinations. part of the work is not done.
She said that the Meghalaya State Rural Livelihood Society (MSRLS) has launched training on soil fertilizer farming across the state.
These areas are located in West Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills and Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong: The Cabinet meeting today discussed the remaining issue of the 6th Schedule of the Constitution of India. government of India cannot be changed.
We don't know whether it is because of the weakness of the State Government, or the lack of cleanliness of the Army and Government of India personnel, that they do not comply with the rules and that is why they started to spread the disease in Ri Khasi Jaintia.
Although the government has the resources to fill the vacancies, they have failed to create opportunities for the youth.
If the signs are like what happened in these states, the BJP has a lot to worry about and lose sleep.
No need for a bridge weight.
The rent was fixed at T.130 per sq ft and the shopkeepers were elected at the 79th meeting of the Board of Directors of MTC on 21st June
The policeman died of serious head injuries and the body was taken to the Civil Hospital, Shillong for post mortem.
However, it is one of the ways to improve income especially in these border areas which are backward in all aspects.
To provide enough protein in the body, you need to include all 9 types of amino acids that the body cannot create and produce on its own and that you can provide protein in the body even if you avoid eating meat.
The leaders and residents of this area have appealed to the MeECL authorities, especially the CMD and Chief Engineer of Distribution, to supply electricity to these villages and other villages of this rich area. in the uranium mine.
Jowai, July 23: The Executive Committee (EC) of the JHADC under the leadership of CEM Thombor Shiwat today issued 12 rules for the protection of the environment. from forests and rivers throughout Jaintia Hills especially the Myntdu River is now under the jurisdiction of the National Green Tribunal (NGT).
Shillong, Nailar, 12: To mark the Independence Day of India, the KJCLF will hold a special prayer service on the 15th of this month at 11:00 pm at the English Service Church. Police Bazar, Shillong.
They were a Jewish people who were skilled in dancing and singing, but they had thrown away their money on the Jamynrei trees.
Shillong, March 16: The President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) Bah DD Lapang on Tuesday admitted that a party as big as the Congress has always had a protest by MLAs who do not care about anyone inside but it should not break.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The election in Sohiong Constituency has ended on 10th June 2023, with 91.92% turnout for the election of a new MLA. The 59 Assembly Constituencies will be elected on 27th June
Speaking to reporters, Dipayan Chakravorty, one of the BJP leaders in the state, he said whether they will demand the removal of the DGP or whether they will lodge a complaint against the Chief Minister. State, on the issue of peace and order in Garo Hills.
In this regard, the family of Cherishsterfield Thangkhiew has said that it will not stand idly by but will fight for justice for Cherishsterfield Thangkhiew. They also lodged a complaint against the SP of East Jaintia Hills and the SP of Traffic Department of East Khasi Hills who is in charge of Law and Order.
If you don't, you don't have to try even if you don't have the strength, but you don't.
But Ud longtheng did not leave him because he had fulfilled his promise.
When contacted by a contractor, he said that the Government will build and implement the market first and then the road.
However, they added that later they understood that conversion was wrong.
We feel that the Board needs to resolve this issue.
Mulieh was confirmed as President of WJH by State BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh in the presence of East Jaintia Hill President Herlington Shadap at a meeting held at Mulieh's residence in Ladthadlaboh. Jowai.
The Khasi Heritage Village was designed during the tenure of Bah Pynshngianlang Syiem as the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council. It is too short to be more detailed. It would have been better since it started with the dates, months and years and the programs that have been held there. area.
KSKBuH recently turned up at the Main Secretariat to demand the release of the report of the retired Judge Justice T.Vaiphei who was appointed to investigate the shooting death of Bah Cherishtarfield Thangkhiew. Police have raided his residence at Mawlai Kynton Massar on the morning of 13th July,
Meanwhile, in another report, Sengbhalang leaders said that there have been temporary clashes in Nongstoin between the drivers and the volunteers, as the drivers have been driving their vehicles on the road for hours. not under curfew.
Members of the KSU Girls Wing from different Circles and Units of the District, as well as leaders of the KSU Girls Wing from the Central Body, came to take part in the march. from Mawkhap village to Umdang Market with banners, placards and slogans condemning the robbers.
In the second half, the Portuguese head coach introduced Christiano Ronaldo and the game started to change.
There has been a widespread spread of messages in these days, on articles warning mobile users, that there are messages or videos, which can destroy mobile phones.
He said that the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has signaled the State Government to start peace talks with the HNLC and the Ministry has decided to provide all the necessary support and advice. until you complete the conversation.
In his speech, Bah Carnes Sohshang, MDC Mawkyrwat Constituency, said that this is the first time that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has convened a meeting with the Village Authorities to discuss the implementation of the project. The 100 bedded hospital which will be opened in 2022 will be implemented in South West Khasi Hills District.
“This Bill is for the establishment of Village and Town Councils to look after development works.
Shillong, Nailur 1: The Hynniewtrep Children's Association (KHHH) has demanded that the government should implement the Inner Line Permit (LIP) in the state to protect the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo minorities.
Furthermore, he gave an example of himself while preparing for the Civil Services examination where he decided to pass the examination for the second time and become an Indian officer. Foreign Service (IFS) in 1978.
Some of them include the establishment of an open day shelter for children during the day in Khyndailad and Mawbah, drinking water and hand washing facilities, registration with MHIS as well as school because up to 23 percent do not attend school.
Jowai Traffic Police on receiving information about the incident rushed to the scene and provided assistance.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Chief Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that the state has 801 doctors and out of these only 135 are specialist doctors in various hospitals.
On the other hand, the Seng invites all the party workers and the people to attend the protest program organized by the party.
It is alleged that the hospital is in short supply in all aspects due to the lack of doctors, nurses and medicines, in which patients who need urgent assistance have to be sent to the city.
These Vice Presidents include Bernard Marak for Tura City, Khrawboklang Basaiawmoit and Wankitbok Pohshna for East Khasi Hills, Dipul R Marak for South West Garo Hills, Gagan Jain for Shillong City and Riya Sangma for Ri Bhoi. .
The Umiam Stage-I Dam is not only built of dewbilat and silver.
The accident happened yesterday, happened in the area where NHAI operates only on one side of the NH-6, as one side of the road is still under repair. The cause of the incident was due to the speeding of the truck and the injury of the driver of the scooty.
Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of the KSU, Samla Reuben Najiar, said that the complaint of the KSU to the Deputy Commissioner is to demand that the KSU should evict 150 households. Maxwelton Estate because many of the residents of this area are illegally resident without the knowledge and permission of the Dorbar Shnong.
The crowd cannot be forced.
Shillong: Members of 16 villages in the Mawlai Town Dorbar today submitted a petition to the CEM of Khasi Hills District Council, Bah Titostarwell Chyne to express their strong opposition to the The KHADC has decided to build a market in Mawlai Mawroh because if they build a market in this area, it will damage the water wells in this area.
Lilith was pregnant with Adam and gave birth to many demons.
It also said that this announcement also applies to the Wives and Children.
In this regard, the DSO urged all the athletes of District West Jaintia Hills to come and register at his office in Jowai during working hours.
UPI ID :kyrsoipyrtuh123@ubi, Union Bank of India Jail Road Shillong, A/C : 167511010000018, IFSC:UBINO816752.
According to the Ephphatha Society, there are only 4-6 schools in Jaintia Hills which are special for children with disabilities, namely Bethani Society, Dwar. Jingkyrmen, Jyoti Sroat, Fernando Speech and Hearing and others and it was also found that there are very few societies in the Khasi and Jaintia Hills which are ready to help such children. including Ephphatha Society, St Francis Orphanage, St Edmund Campus, Dwar Jingkyrmen School, Mary Rice Center and others.
Ajmal said the BJP had claimed to win more than 100 MLAs in this election, but now they have changed their minds, saying that they will not win more than 100 MLAs. 35 candidates and showed that they accepted that they had lost the ongoing elections in Assam.
Other weapons seized include an RPG and two RPG rockets, a Heckler and Koch 5.56 assault rifle, an AK 47, 12 pistol magazines, 153 rounds of HK 5.56mm bullets, 55 remotes. remote bomb circuit, 94 rounds of 7.62mm ammunition, 11 remote control bombs, a walkie talkie communication handset and 13 rounds of bombs.
He said that he still has 50 cows and 50 goats.
However, after a while, Bri Hynniewtrep was included in the Sixth Schedule.
I have seen their statement and if we hand over this issue to the VPP, what will they do when they don't know 'A' or 'B' and they don't know anything, they are just trying to lead I'm wrong with the people," he added.
Therefore, Paul's letter to Hebrews 9:12.14 makes it clear that it is no longer the blood of animals that can cleanse us from our sins but that Jesus Christ Himself took the place of the sacrifice. He shed his blood for the cleansing of all sins.
Residents of the village, saw that these tyndon lyer were brought by other vehicles which are not from the village, and they went straight to the place where there was a gas truck and After a while, they stole gas from the truck and filled it with the empty tires.
There should be a fee for the use of CIFS, but it depends on the negotiations between the State Government and the Central Government.
Melchior Hero Riang I'm not sure if it's true or not, but I'm sure it's true.
Let us not be afraid to eat too much, or to be too rich, for this will cause us pain.
“The launch of Drone/UAV technology for payload delivery will be a blessing and will help us to collect and distribute this crop to the factories,” said Dawra.
It was witnessed through this heavy rainfall that the Umkhrah River has flooded and flowed through the roads and carried away the garbage.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: Air Marshal C Hari Kumar, Chief of Air Staff in charge of the Eastern Air Command, on Tuesday said that the road to Shillong Peak has been closed for vehicles. The world's tourists don't have one.
In addition, what kind of goods should be produced and in what quantity and what kind of goods are still unsold and how much and so on.
“Our state is lagging behind in the trade, it is also a state that has not been able to fill itself, if the Government does not take action to collect revenue it will cause more problems to the state. the public.
Following the incident, this reporter spoke to Bah Rocky at his office in Umsning, Ri Bhoi District who said that those people who were taken away by the police shouted 'Ha U Prah' at the NPP meeting, they were released on the same night.
Offices and banks within the boundary of Pyndengumiong Village can open immediately after receiving permission from the Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang.
(These documents can be obtained from the website of the Department), and they must also submit a test report to verify the GCV of the coal.
Meanwhile, the Dolloi of Jowai Elaka in his speech recalled the memorial book written by Dr. Kharlukhi in 1992 about Kiang Nangbah who fought against the British troops for the ban on the performance of the ritual. for the bodies of those who died in Jowai.
Regarding the increase in church and private schools over government schools, Father Richard said that perhaps dedication and selflessness will be the main reason why we are witnessing that.
Kynmawlang Kharryngki scored in the 47th and 73rd minutes, Lastborn Marwein in the 74th minute and Kyrshan Khongsit in the 81st minute. came through the penalty shootout.
Tura, July 06 : U John Barla, Minister of State for Minority Affairs (MoS) of the BJP on Thursday visited the newly opened PA Sangma Stadium. The NPP leadership has not mentioned the assistance from the central government and also the opening of the stadium without completing the work.
MM Dangngo was welcomed by BJP Vice President David Kharsati, BJP MLA Sanbor Shullai and other BJP leaders. The Congress Committee on Tuesday said that former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has made a mistake by joining the new party, the All India Trinamool Congress.
Matthew 15:1-9.
I greeted those friends, got up and we got ready to leave.
To eliminate the excessive counting of agricultural products such as kriah, shang, Pla, byrni and other products.
Therefore, Bah T. Lyngwa, Deputy Commissioner, Mawkyrwat, urged the beef vendors and pig vendors to slaughter only the cows and pigs which are not sick.
“We have held a meeting with the officers of the Revenue, Registration and Taxation, Transport, Forest and Environment, and Mining Departments, because there are some areas where we are losing out in terms of production in the state. “I have sent a letter to all the Principal Secretaries for which we are still waiting for a reply,” he said.
Hek visited all these hospitals to discuss and meet with the doctors and nurses on the preparations and to fill the shortcomings at Laskein CHC, Sahsniang and Barato PHC in order to curb the spread of COVID-1
The HYC is happy to get a new district but the HYC suggests to change the name of the new district as it will affect the dignity of the people who fall into the district. in this district.
After taking samples of the water, the FKJGP went for testing and the report released by the FSSAI found that out of 46 to 44 villages have poor drinking water supply. Only Demthring and Mawblei villages have access to clean and safe drinking water.
He said that if the Garo are allowed to become Rangbah Shnong like other villages or Himas which have their own laws or acts, what will happen to them?
A short speech was delivered by the Vice President of the Union, Jlan Kupar Rymbai, Waheh Shnong Lumpariat who reminded of the work of the Union for the welfare of the villages and the community.
It is worth mentioning that at that time the DTO had said that he would speak at the meeting of the Regional Transport Authority where the Deputy Commissioner East Khasi Hills is the Chairman. They said that the meeting has not been called yet and they said that they have met with the DC and in the meeting they said that he has told them that everything depends on the DC. Their arrangement is that if the stem taxis don't have a license, there is no difference.
Hardy was also named Player of the Match.
Although the ARPA has been in power in the District Council for a short time, it has been seen that many of these incidents have happened there. new leaders, although the struggle for peace has been intense.
She has already won the Best Actor (Female) award not only once, but twice! She has already won the Prague Cine Awards in 2021 for “9Lad” and in 2023 for “Ka Daw”.
However, the fact is that the Home Minister is not willing to take a decision and the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has to return from a foreign visit.
Earlier, Professor SM Sungoh, Principal Incharge Deen Dayal Upadhyay Wahiajer welcomed the guests and explained the history of the event. training center since its inception in
“The chiefs say that we have studied but we don't understand, we have sent our children to study and those who have passed BA don't understand,” he said.
The union together with the Waheh Shnong demanded that the MS of the hospital should build a side drain for the general waste of the hospital. pass through the road near the hospital.
“There are 17 applicants for licence, but they have received only 4 because the government has asked for many requirements.
The group has also invited two MLAs of the district, Kyrmen Shylla (MLA Khliehriat Constituency) and Santa Mary Shylla MLA Sutnga Constituency, to speak on the issue. Assembly.
Although it is known and understood that during these months of the year there is a shortage of water, the authorities have not been able to curb this shortage.
In the evening, Niakha and her husband went to Jaiaw Shyiap alone with her two eldest sons.
The Prescott Police Department said the woman, identified as Christina Pasqualetto, has been arrested and charged with several counts of murder for attempting to kill the victim. man in the incident.
It will advise the Government on the next steps on the issue of teachers Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan, strengthening of service delivery of schools especially non-performing schools, high performing schools, low performing schools children, one-teacher schools and the problems related to the lack of teachers to teach in different languages ​​especially in the border areas, and others.
Samuel said that earlier the road was owned by UCIL but after many objections, the Ministry of Roads and Highways (MoRTH) has decided to build the road through the Ministry of Roads and Highways (MoRTH). only to mine uranium.
Before the start of the sermon, a welcome speech was given by the president of the synjuk, Mr. Michael Nongtdu and the flag was hoisted by the chief guest, Mr. Yoo Shylla.
Shillong, Naitung 24: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that no officers from the state education department have come to attend the 50th Anniversary of Science Education. Shillong College is located here.
Many citizens find it difficult to understand, even the Ministers, MPs and MLAs, do not understand this.
She also expressed her surprise at the police's arrest of Hep Metal for the kidnapping. She said that the police's anonymity shows that there is a suspicion among the police, as happened in Ri Lum. Garo Bank during the abduction of the Manager of the Bank, the union said that the police's claim that the arrested youths are supporters of the HNLC is groundless. .
In the Under-17 match, South West Khasi had a good chance to score against Garo Hills but due to failure to score, Garo Hills took advantage and defeated. Nine schools from SWKH District have taken part in the tournament, including Jakrem Sec. School, Mawlangwir High School, Nineset Sec. School, Phlorosy Dew Sec. Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat and Rangthong Christian High School.
The Union Minister said that 53 SHGs and 90 crore women have transformed the social and income structure in rural areas through empowerment and self-reliance.
Many of these incidents are caused by the spread of false news that will disturb the people.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titostarwell Chyne, today announced that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will release T10 lakh to all the MDCs. the problems of the people in their constituencies.
Dolyne Kharbhih from Nongsder is the second woman from Meghalaya, after Wansuk Myrthong to climb Mount Everest. Pahamrioh, has received the National Bravery Award from the hands of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, for her bravery in rescuing her seven-month-old brother. Plenty Makri of Thadnongiaw received the National Award from Pranab Mukherjee, President of India.
– To connect the solar system with the main grid through net metering, which will make households sources of energy and reduce electricity bills.
On the transport front, the Meghalaya government has banned the issuance of new permits to local taxis to operate even as Shillong is getting closer to its size.
After they had finished, they went to meet with their MLA Bah Sanbor Shullai and at first he said to put the documents and he will look into it. The Ministry of Education has received the opportunity to install this new school building under the ADB scheme which was inaugurated today.
“Therefore, we are hopeful that this project will be implemented soon.
Jowai, July 25: The Bouncers Association of Meghalaya (BAM-JH) today launched the Lucky Ticket Draw for the year 2023 for the second time in the year. The meeting was held at Infinity Hall, Jowai.
The Government should also inspect the factories in our state and direct them to manage the waste from their factories in such a way that they do not pollute. neither the wind, nor the water, nor the earth.
We would like to thank the Headman Shri Lasting Pala, General Secretary Shri Nicholas Lyngdoh, and the Ec Shnong, who have set up the Covid 19 Relief Committee Umkiang, to help the poor and needy, the day labourers, Special congratulations to all the residents of Khaw, Dal, Umphniang for distributing Khaw, Dal, Umphniang to all the villagers. There is no racism or no religion when the needs of the poor, Muslims, Hindus, Bagani, and Khasi are distributed.
However, the Chairman of Kamrup District Sector, Chandra Mohan Patowary, said that he has not been able to visit the area and ask for time.
He appealed to the people of the area that if they have such banks, it would be better for them to use them properly so that it will be of assistance and that the people will not by standing in a long line at the banks.
This method of farming is beneficial in that the fertilizer does not have to be purchased from outside but is available directly from the household.
At the meeting, DC West Karbi Anglong informed about the approval of the Karbi along with the condition that the tree seedlings planted by the Lapangap residents should be cut down.
“Even in parliament many MPs don't know about the North East and don't know who I am.
Merge both reservation of Khasi- Jaintia and Garos 80% together.
He said that the scheme has four parts, one is to set up a Transit Home for the most vulnerable women.
Speaking as the chief guest, Jirang MLA, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, congratulated the Seng Rangbah Catholic of Parish Byrnhat, for not only playing a role in providing services to the people of Byrnhat. It is the work of God, but they also have a spirit of love for the environment to celebrate this day as part of teaching the people that they need to preserve the environment.
Sanbor said that before he became an MLA, he was a taxi driver and he said that even these taxi drivers today have no doubt that many leaders will emerge in the area. different in society.
Between the baptism, the transfiguration, the crucifixion, and the resurrection, there are many wonderful miracles recorded in the Gospels.
The protest for the Inner Line Permit (ILP) at that time lasted for several months.
He said that he chose the NPP because he needs a party that can rule the state with more MLAs, because if he is in a small party it will be difficult for him to bring about development in the state. of the constituency.
The Seng cannot forget the hard work of this babu and will always remember him.
“Our political leaders are insulting their own people.
It is learned that the celebration of this Behdeiñkhlam festival is part of the customs and traditions of the ancients and to show the signs of good health so that mankind can get health, development. peace, goodness and knowledge.
They will be released on bail tomorrow from Rynjah and Sardar Police stations.
Speaking to media, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh said it is surprising that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has promised that his Government will clean up the area. the debt owed by the state to the electricity distribution company; However, it is surprising to see that NEEPCO has sent a letter to the state government to clear up the electricity purchase debt that the state has paid to this company which has amounted to about 100 rupees. 300 crores.
Nongstoiñ, July 26: The presence of many varieties of soh in the forests of Meghalaya is a great blessing to the people if they know how to use them.
They have hands, but they handle not; feet have they, but they walk not, neither speak they.
Lydia's beautiful appearance and her soft and respectful words stole Hep's heart.
Replying to the speech of the Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma, the Minister in charge of Electricity said that the government has not found the facts hidden as alleged and to allege is not good. .
The Ministry of Home Affairs today announced that the curfew will be extended for another two months from 4th June
The President of JSGTCA, Anthony Pohshna, said that this is part of the efforts to condemn the bloodthirsty people who are quick to take the lives of fellow drivers from time to time. It is the life of the driver of the vehicle.
Mirdaris Nongbri, sister of Khielangstar Nongbri, said that the incident happened at 3-4 pm at the residence of Bah Khielangstar. They broke into the house of Bah Khielangstar while he was sleeping.
After the UDP, PDF, HSPDP, Congress, Trinamool Congress and the Voice of the People Party (VPP) failed to form a new government, the HSPDP has left to support the NPP. The PDF and the UDP. It is the custom to respect those who come first before others.
He said that Jaintia Hills is one of the districts which has produced many prominent athletes not only in athletics but also in football who have represented various clubs in the state. and out of state as well.
He also urged the new members to stand on a firm foundation and bring peace and stability in the State.
The state government has taken a firm decision to eradicate these illegal tax collections on these roads across the state.
In this regard, the KSU East Jaintia Hills has expressed its full support to the demand for the immediate repair of the NH6 from Khliehriat to Ratacherra. to the National Highway.
During the inspection, this reporter spoke to Rev Fr.Lamin who said that at the beginning of the establishment of the Mission School in the village, it was difficult. It is still a very remote village and does not have a road.
Also present on the occasion were MDC Tuber and Deputy CEM of JHADC Lasky Rymbai, MDC Khlirhriat, Finelyness Bareh, Waheh Shnong Bataw, Shemi Rupsi and others.
In the second half, Jefferson Nongphlang scored the fourth goal for Jyntru in the 74th minute before Ferenstar Kharkongor scored the fourth goal for Laitryngew in the 74th minute. the 75th when the score was 5-4.
In the second innings, Meghalaya scored 139 runs for the loss of six wickets for 22 runs before losing all wickets and scored 161 runs.
Shillong, Naitung :The Superintendent of Police, EKHD, Shillong, on Tuesday said that on the 14th of this month at about 1:30 pm, the body of an unidentified person was found sleeping lyngktar. near the bus stand in Police Bazar, Shillong.
The school building has not been completed but according to the foundation stone and documents, it was completed in November
This section is too broad and complex to give an accurate answer to the above question.
Sriram paid for the posters, Nandakumar's Printing Press printed and placed the posters.
There can be seen a misuse of farmland, that is, the use of it for other purposes and no longer for agriculture or planting.
On the demand for a city during the rainy season in Tura, the union said that this issue has to be discussed on its own.
Christophe Galtier's future is also in doubt despite helping PSG win the title.
Earlier, a delegation from the country led by the Minister of Electricity and Innovation, RK Singh took part in the High-Level Segment of the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) Climate Week. 2023, which will be held in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia from 8 to 12 March
Replying to a question on the Governor's remarks, the Chief Minister said that the allegation has spread all over the country including Europe.
On the allegation against the state government, the Minister said, “As you have seen that the Ministry has sent Rs 41.25 crore today (12th July), the allegation that the state government has delayed you have no foundation.
“The fish seeds have been bought from abroad and this has been a problem for the fish farmers,” said Bah Comingone.
He said that the price of a license per person is only T 500 tyngka, but for many years customers have to pay T 7000 to 8000 tyngka just to get their license.
And it is at that time that what we have prayed for now will be fulfilled.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, u Sniawbha said that according to the new notification of the government, before we submit the report to the state government, we should start investigating this matter. the 2nd time will be successful.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 2: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYM) under the leadership of Bah Tailan Star Lyngkhoi, President of Mawphathien Village Council, together with Bah Phangstar Nongsiej, Sordar of Mawphathien Village Council and other members of the Mawphangen Village Council, They have sent a letter to the Executive Engineer PWD Road Nongstoin Sub Division regarding the need for the road.
When we look at some of the villages in East Jaintia Hills like Huroi, Lejri, Hungary and Lahalein; the heart and the mind to the utmost.
On Saturday, SK Sharma, gave a practical training on how to plant siej, by cutting the roots of siej and planting it after being treated.
Speaking to media, Bah Tynsong said the meeting was smooth and orderly.
The number of cases in Maharashtra is 47,9 Karnataka has 4,900 deaths, Delhi 3,594 and Punjab 57, Chhattisgarh
The total number of cases has now reached 2,22,96,414, while 37,36,648 people are still infected and 2,42,362 people have died.
Nihim D Shura has worked hard for the welfare of the people of Songsak, and it is through this that various schemes have come to the constituency,” he said.
According to Bah Shangpliang, in 2020-21, the number of students in class X-XII has increased by 20,0 higher, or it may be due to poverty and other reasons.
According to the findings of researchers, the first person to get the virus is by touching and eating the meat of sick animals that have diseases and sores in the body and from there it starts to spread from person to person. from country to country and around the world.
Speaking to media on November 6, Prestone said the Meghalaya government's decision to file a case against Gokhale was because he used to make false accusations against the government. State.
You are right, but the Commission has no authority.
Regarding the complaint and letter sent to the Chief Minister, the CWCs have made 40 allegations against the party and the Khasi people.
Pynïaid said the UDP has led the Executive Committee for four years, and if the NPP had taken power as alleged, the NPP would have had the numbers for a long time, but not. the NPP is in power.
Speaking to media, Ardent said that the visit of the Minister of Home Affairs of India is rude and unpleasant, because the state government she spent public money to welcome him, but they couldn't even sit down to talk to him.
Man, yes, because only on earth there are people because God said – “He made it for man to dwell on.
Victorealness Syiemlieh received the National Florence Nightingale Award 2021 for her services to many people. for people in need of medical assistance as well as social assistance.
The meeting began with a speech by Helena Dalli, Vice-President of the European Commission and High Representative of the Union, in charge of Foreign Affairs and Security Policy. She also spoke about Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's intention to visit Brussels in October for a summit between India and the European Union.
Where did you go tonight? I want to see you.
Baghdadi has been evacuated from Iraq to Raq, one of the Syrian capitals, for treatment of serious injuries to his right leg, one of the media reported. Therefore, you must be careful not to lose your temper in the place where you are now.
“The case, which has been under investigation since June of 2022, revealed that the phenomenon of collusion could have been achieved by the PFI for their partition scheme.
From the discussion, it was understood that Pastor Basaiawmoit, has lost heart to contest the MP election, although he has expressed many issues that he has prepared for the state especially the nation and In a detailed interview with Rupang, the Pastor said that according to his findings in the MP elections he has contested, there are reasons why he does not like them to be involved in elections or politics.
"There's nothing," said Gavin and asked for more food.
Otherwise, those who have knowledge will disappear, while those who have only wealth will increase.
The match on Tuesday (30th March, 2023) will be between Moosalyngkat v Wahiajer at 12 noon.
The None of the Above (NOTA) in Umroi Constituency, has brought the most surprising news in the constituency after he defeated two candidates who contested the MDC election. The two MDC candidates who were defeated by NOTA include Bah Arban Hauni Sutnga of JDU who received 164 votes and Bah Baniateilang Lapang who received 103 votes. 178 votes from this constituency.
H.Elias HSS has qualified for this tournament after winning the title in the State Level tournament this year. Pool-E which includes Assam, Chandigarh, Chattisgarh and another team will be announced later.
However, the surprising thing is that while the kobirait was praying and sacrificing, the woman did not know anyone else and it was at that time that the kobirait stole all the gold and money. After the incident, the woman lodged a complaint at the Nongstoiñ Police Station.
Broming Bareh had handed over the money to the DC Office Shillong in the past few days and after realizing that he had been cheated, he lodged a complaint with the Sardar Police Station. , Shillong, Shillong.
e.
“However, it is certain that something will happen after the elections in Sohiong, whether it is small or big, only time will tell,” he said. He said he is confident that the NPP will win in Sohiong.
On the occasion, Prof. Sinha promised to allocate T.50 lakh from the MP Scheme for the construction of the road connecting Kongthong village and the opening of the khilon. build a beautiful city in this city.
That new story should talk about- (i) the equal sharing of wealth among all citizens (ii) the allocation of natural resources for future generations. and that the natural resources should not be mined and destroyed for personal gain, but should be preserved for future generations.
"He encouraged all the players and teams participating in this tournament.
The State Government, through the Ministry of Education, we see that it has its own opinions and answers, which are always to protect itself and one answer, which they often give, is that the Government does not have If so, the appointment of new teachers should be stopped or the existing teachers should be removed, or should be handed over. the work of running schools in religious and private groups.
Remember the time of Woh Kiang Nangbah when our beloved Ri Lum stood together!.
Police hope that if government offices such as the Secretariat can be relocated to Shillong Thymmai which has about 3,000 employees, it will ease the traffic jam in the city.
The road repair was carried out with the donation of Congress candidate Nehemayah Tyngkan who wants to contest the 2023 MLA election from Mowkaiaw Constituency where the incumbent MLA is Nujorki Sungoh.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Saturday invited the Deputy Prime Minister of Thailand, HE Jurin Laksanawisit, to visit the North Eastern States of India. to Meghalaya to strengthen trade and tourism relations between Bangkok and other South East Asian Nations as they are closer to Thailand than to Delhi.
Singh confirmed this in a tweet this afternoon.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the allegation that there is illegal smuggling of coal is groundless. dewiong are those who have received the documents.
Therefore, the Minister has directed the Director of School Education and Literacy (DSEL) to seek clarification from the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills and to submit a report on this matter,” said Bah Aristotle.
How do we decide to defeat those who have transgressed the law? And how can we expect them to walk smoothly, walk well and not to turn back to their old way of life? When militants surrender they have to go through several stages. and to be advised, encouraged and carefully examined by a psychologist/psychiatrist, because when they live in the wild like wild animals their way of thinking does not fit with other brothers and sisters. people who keep the law.
The new executive committee was inaugurated by KSU President Ma O Dkhar while the meeting was chaired by KSU Nartiang Circle President Hamar Muskut.
Speaking to Rupang, Snaitang said, “Ending 8 is the year of the UDP” and gave the example of the 1998 elections, when the UDP government came, then the 2008 elections. The UDP will come and then the 2018 elections.
The market increased by 9% from 5.59 lakh units to 6.08 lakh units, while the market increased by 21% from 0.25 lakh units to 0.30 lakh units.
This is because the party does not have strong leaders.
I would like to urge from this meeting – if you are the advisor to the Prime Minister, please advise the Prime Minister immediately to give permission or approval to the CBI to start working here. in the State,” said Bah Basaïawmoit while speaking at a meeting held at Mawkhar on Tuesday.
He said that out of T.14.39 crore, the amount that has been released and paid to the contractors is 1361.41 lakh tyngka, and the allegation that there is a deficit of T.1300 crore is groundless. something.
The funeral service for Toi Laloo will be held on 10/2/2
That is why there are many thieves and robbers.
APEDA held a nationwide BSM in Guwahati on July 24, 2022 to promote the export of organic products grown in Assam.
“The group requests that from 13-15 Nailar to raise flags on the houses of vehicles, two wheelers, as a sign that we are against the killing government, because it has not yet been able to punish, to dismiss those SKBUH Vice Chairman Donboklang Kharlyngdoh said that the film is being prepared by SKBUH about Cherishtarfield Thangkhiew. From his childhood, when he was in Bangladesh to the last days of his life on earth, the film will be screened on the 12th of July at Stand Bus in the evening.
He also advised and urged the youth to take care of their studies and avoid alcohol and alcoholic beverages which affect the body and mind, but to strengthen and fill their minds. to build up the longbriew manbriew so that one day they will become shining stars in their lives.
However, the BJP is the party that has been able to bring about many schemes and development in the state and the country as a whole whether it is in the employment of the youth.
He said that to resolve such a long standing issue requires the cooperation of the people, stakeholders and international organization leaders in the state.
God gathered the Jews from all over the world according to His Word and the Jews were in their own land to prepare for war against the Gentile kingdoms, because Israel was a powerful weapon. power to fight the battle of God.
As one of the children of Niamtre, I expect that this year the Seiñraij will implement properly the funds received from the Government, in terms of development and in terms of tourists.
The DC said the government is ready to provide safety measures and to train the people how to protect themselves in case of natural disasters.
“The driving of thurmur vehicles has caused the loss of precious lives, not only to the drivers, but also to the passengers,” said Bah Mairom.
“I'll go and meet my mother...” said Lanosha.
The Seng, therefore, wishes you all a Happy New Year and may the New Year bring us new life and character to continue our spiritual service and service to the nation.
At 9:20 pm on Tuesday, cricketer Lakhan Singh was blocked and shot while he was on his way home in Jhalupara.
Everything happens because there are mistakes, mistakes and mistakes.
This order will come into force throughout the District from the 29th of this month until further notice from 5 pm to 9 pm.
Police on Tuesday recovered the body of a 12-13 year old girl from Jangrapara village under Phulbari Police Station.
TMC Leader Dr Mukul Sangma, former Opposition Leader Dr Manas Ranjan Bunnia, TMC incharge Rupert M.S. Sangma is the TMC candidate from North Tura and Lazarus M Sangma is the TMC candidate from Chokpot.
“We have sent police without sticks, because we think it is a protest only by the Longkmie,” said SP Kharkrang. that there will be people who will take advantage of this protest.
In politics, Bah Lapang should not be counted as a slave.
During the meeting, questions were raised on issues related to the operations of banks as well as issues related to income including the issue of the G2
Jahan and Chakravorty were shocked last month when they posed in front of Parliament wearing jeans.
' Then I asked them again, 'Do you rejoice when someone dies?'
However, I don't see that the district authorities have inspected these things in the area.
" I contradict myself by saying, “.
Meanwhile, when asked about the demand for ILP, Bindo said the Inner Line Permit (ILP) Act belongs to the Central Government and should be sent to the Indian Government. to explain, because even the state government does not have the authority to do this and it is better for the KHADC not to ask for clarification from the government of India.
The IEA has strongly condemned the attack by these rebel groups, without thinking of the innocent souls.
The ex-gratia payment of free relief is worth T.4 lakh.
He said the project is very large as it will reach Silchar and the cost of construction will be between Rs 20,000 and Rs 22,000 crore.
From time to time, we clean and replace the manhole, which has a very small hole.
The story they told each other stirred up the Niakha of Rida to investigate until she found her father.
KHNAM also criticized the Congress government for not being able to provide adequate drinking water to the people but for failing to achieve the smart city.
Meanwhile, Lebanese authorities claimed that at least 10 members of the tribe were involved.
On the 14th, the government will raise the financial demands in the House and on the 15th, the issues to be raised by the members of the House will be discussed and the meeting will be dismissed. Andrew Simon, Commissioner & Secretary of the State Legislative Assembly, said in a statement.
He said that under the jurisdiction of one sordar there are about 20 or 25 households from different kyntoit of Krang village which means that some households from one kyntoit and some households from another kyntoit.
“The budget has dropped, the CEM should take action, the budget should be very careful, the CBI is in Shillong, be careful not to “It's a shame to the Council,” said Bah Process.
She also won two silver medals in kick boxing at the national level in Guwahati and Goa.
The Dadenggre MLA said that the demand of the NPP party to upgrade Dadenggre Sub Division to a district has been since the formation of the MDA government which is still in force and after the Prime Minister. He said that the NPP party will take up this petition again and expects the Prime Minister to take action on this issue.
Shillong, March 18: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma on Saturday inaugurated the new office of the PHE Executive Engineer (PHE) Mairang Sub Division.
According to police, Mumtaz is a resident of Nathia Gali and lives alone in Greentown.
We have been wrong for 52 years in electing rulers and we have relied blindly on civil society.
So far, rice and petrol have remained stable, but imported goods such as sugar, soybean oil and rice have increased slightly.
Shillong, Nailar 28: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Sanjay Goyal today announced the implementation of the second Systematic Voters' Education and Electoral Participation (SVEEP-II) as an attempt to invite voters to register their names. all youth who have reached the age of 18 years in July 2014 before the Lok Sabha elections.
How did Col.
It was also alleged that it was due to the opposition of these Congress leaders from the area and district that he suffered defeat.
Hek said he has spoken to the DC of East Khasi Hills district that if the import of any food items into the state is banned, the ban should be permanent throughout the state. the State, not only in one or two districts, and that decision to ban shall be taken by the Government.
However, the broadcasting industry has undergone many changes over time.
He said that the people of the Raid are pleased with the visit of the MDCs of KHADC under the leadership of Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit to the area to meet with the people.
Elon Musk, CEO of Tesla and SpaceX, has increased his wealth to $84.8 billion after earning $8 billion ($7.78 billion) a day.
“This is a public warning that due to the bad weather conditions, the NH40 Shillong-Dawki road during Rngain may continue to collapse.
“Any complaint against party leaders and members, that they have anything to do with fighting against the party rules, will be severely punished,” Faleiro said.
“Noble children, where will you find me now?
The Chief Minister said that the state government cannot stop the influx of people from this state to return to the state, even if the number of cases increases; However, the state government has banned foreigners from entering the state.
The driver of the dumper has fled the scene and the dumper has been taken to Mahendraganj PS in South West Garo Hills.
The State Government has allocated T.30 crore for the implementation of CM-CONNECT, Family ID and other services to the residents of the State for the year 2024-2
There should be no hypocrisy, slander, pride, selfishness, purity, selfishness, of the mother can even change the mind of the father who has fallen into all kinds of evils. 3.
We can do all these things but we must not waste our time on all these things.
As soon as Rida heard that word, she became very worried.
Meanwhile, the Patharkhmah Civil Sub Division, in collaboration with the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi, on Friday held a National Voter's Day Run to celebrate the National Voter's Day Run. civic engagement among young people.
Harvestar Dhar (53') and Lakhon Shylla (75') (own goal) scored the goals for Moodop Royal to win and qualify for the semifinals.
Shillong, Naitung 4: Nongkrem beat Umpling 2-0 in the 1st Division match of the Shillong Sports Association (JN) today.
This assistance will be in relation to the digital services of this age of technology where many people may face difficulties especially in the rural areas.
At the same time, he said that as the office has not yet been able to install government vehicles, it has to take them from the private sector.
In the past five years, although he has demonstrated his skills as a leader, an intelligent leader who has always stood up in the Assembly for the problems and needs of the people. The people of Umroi Constituency, Ri Bhoi District and the State as a whole.
The Maruti was heading towards Iongkaluh from Jowai when it collided with the truck.
The incidence of cancer in this era is due to tobacco consumption, alcohol abuse, environmental pollution and urbanization, which has made cancer a disease of the new era.
Also, the fact that it is rich in magnesium is important for the health of the muscles and the functioning of the bones, the maintenance of blood pressure, the strengthening of the immune system and the maintenance of blood pressure.
The FKJGP said that this area will also affect three rivers like Um Lunar, Umso Nallah and Lukha besides the surrounding environment.
The department said that money laundering and embezzlement put people at risk in terms of money and social relationships, especially the youth and children.
“I was surprised when I asked about this decision at a meeting convened by Bah Cajee, who was the minister at that time, who said that the decision was taken without his knowledge,” said Bah Ronnie.
In fact, he said that some people have told him to listen for a while and contest to win the MDC election first and then do whatever he wants after winning but he does not want to cheat to win for the sake of the party. and after being able to run away from the party, to run away and instead of being like that, it would be better for him to leave politics for a while.
He also urged the children to refrain from drinking alcoholic beverages, as it will not improve their health.
It is to be recalled that the RBYF has opened this office after 45 years of journey, since 1979 when the RBYF was founded and as it is now, It has been one of the leading organizations in Ri-Bhoi and the state as a whole.
On the other hand, the Secretary of the Committee, Bah Ïakmenlang Wankhar, said that the tournament was organized in collaboration with the Sports Department of the State Government especially with the support of the MLA who is also the Minister of Sports. state, Mr. Priest.
In terms of the prizes, Jorbil FC, which won the final, received a cash prize of T.15,000 and a trophy, while HYC FC, which lost the final, received a cash prize of T.15,000 and a trophy. , won a cash prize of T.7,000 along with a trophy, besides the distribution of individual prizes to those players who played well, from the Best Player award. , Best Goalkeeper and Top Scorer.
Also present on the occasion was the District Tuberculosis Officer, Dr.R.Basaiawmoit who gave an explanation to the public about TB and how they should protect themselves. They should take precautions to prevent the spread of the disease by wearing masks, keeping themselves and the community clean and not spreading the disease.
In another incident, a Night Surper bus (AR-20-9099) from Guwahati to to Kamrimganj, but when it reached a more remote place in Shangbangla village, the bus overturned on the other side of the road and caused many injuries.
“Earlier, the complaint was submitted to the Deputy Commissioner and SDO, but they did not take any action.
Shillong, March 19 : The High Court of Meghalaya on Friday directed the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) to ensure that the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) should no longer allow the dumping of niut in Jowai. until the bread of the field is finished.
Also present at the opening ceremony were the Minister of State, Bah Dasakhiat Lamare, who laid the foundation stone, Bah J.A Lyngdoh, Leader of the Seng Rangbah, several Lyngdohs and faithful of the Seng Rangbah. church and some parents of the children studying at the school.
One of the largest performances was the Drum Ensemble, where 7,951 people from the elderly, women, youth and children took part in the program organized by the Meghalaya Tourism Development Forum (MTDF). ).
The driver and the driver of the truck were rushed to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh for treatment. Doctors confirmed that the driver of the truck was dead. He died of his injuries and Dirbar is undergoing treatment for his injuries.
Speeches were also delivered by AL Hek, Tura MDC Bernard N Marak, David Kharsati and Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP President JP Nanda also delivered speeches through video conference.
This web portal also has a special section to provide special education to young women and through that Employment Section it also helps to know about job search and inform about vacancies and opportunities. various trainings to train the students of the North Eastern Region so that they can follow in the footsteps of other prominent youth in the country and the world as a whole.
The law of Moses says “LYMTHEM MAW” What is better? The Son of God came to forgive and that we should not fall again into that sin and whoever continues to sin is a child. Satan will not change and his destruction will be greater than before, says the Word of God.
The NPP will have a hard time as it has only 18 seats and although there are areas where it is strong and can surprise in some constituencies.
The Government should withdraw the CRPF from the metor area to ensure the freedom of movement of the people of Hynniewtrep from this area.
Ms Lakiang also expressed her gratitude to the District Mission Coordinator, SSA-SEMAM West Jaintia Hills for helping and being a blessing to the children. day.
“We are confident that the party will get the support in the upcoming Lok Sabha and District Council elections because the people have rejected the policy of the Congress government which is against the people,” he said. Paul.
“The Urban Development Department is pleased to allow Mawkhar Village to build this site through the Special Plan Assistant.
But I have this against you, that you have that woman Jezebel, who calls herself a prophetess, teaching and seducing my servants to eat things. who have sacrificed unto idols" Revelation 2:19-2
It is learned that this issue may become a hot topic in the KHADC in the coming days and there may be an EC dissolution in the new year.
He said that many of these government schools have been destroyed, some have been destroyed.
All participants must have an attendance of 75%.
He also alleged that many foreign teachers come to NEHU not to serve but to take advantage when they leave for their hometowns after the break.
On the same day, the union after receiving a complaint from the residents of Mawlai Mawroh regarding the improper parking of trucks at FCI during school hours in the morning and during school hours. There is no evening school which has affected the traffic of the people.
We must love and respect our nation first and then we will be able to build the country.
He said that the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people have the ownership of their land and the government's proposal is a serious mistake. cleanse the land to own it.
He said that the party will put forward the issues and give its opinions on this issue.
They gradually became the breadwinners of the household when their husbands became addicted to alcohol and other drugs.
The NCPCR has also directed the state police department to suspend Dy SP Bijoy Chettri, whom the DGP has confirmed to do so. Islam in Today.
The Ksiar was seized by the Ri Bhoi Police while they were conducting a search operation on vehicles parked in Umsning. Police have seized a large amount of gold worth T.30 lakh from the vehicle (AS-01-DT-6749).
Shillong, Lber 10: A large crowd of people have gathered at Khyn Dailad to watch the police demonstrating how to provide assistance to the victims of the earthquake.
Shillong, March 23: The Garo Students' Union (GSU) has lodged an FIR against the Addl Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills. request information about the Public Information Act, from this office.
However, the Amphitheater at Moolasyat, Jowai near the Reserve Police has been left without operation for three years now, although the venue is fully equipped to hold any kind of event. or that Tamasa is not good.
We also suggested that the Infiltration Check Gate should be strengthened and increased in the state and there should be no facilitation centers to assist and facilitate the infiltration through the entry and exit points.
We run 2-3 bus schools, free of charge to transport patients to the Dispensary and provide medical treatment.
This incident has proved the warning of the sign along the road, which says, "Heavy landslide-prone area ahead go slow," or to walk slowly because the area ahead is prone to landslides.
It is true that it makes it very easy for people to see what their rightful needs are.
:After winning the North East Olympic Games in 2018, Manipur has hoped to win the title once again.
Those who wish to register their nomination papers can send them to the party Secretary Batkupar Wahlang or the secretary of the Election Committee Bah Strong Kharjana and the application should be submitted by the end of April.
Girls from four schools took part in the five-a-side tournament under the supervision of MFA coaches, referees and officials.
I urge the leaders of all political parties to work together with the government because we are here to look after the welfare of the people of the state whether it is the demarcation or the Metor. “If we don't do it now, we won't do it again,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
The union also expressed its surprise at the summons of the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC which was scheduled to be held on the 27th of this month.
I'm surprised that the price of rice has increased suddenly, when I reached the village in Sohmylleng...the price of rice has increased from Rs 1300 to Rs 2250 tyngka. .
And the servants said unto him, Wilt thou then that we go and gather them up? And he said, Nay; lest while ye gather up the tares, ye root up also the wheat with them.
He also explained that most of the foreigners in order to create huge income opportunities in Shillong and other parts of Ri-Khasi have been forced to look for jobs and to look for skum. Their temporary residence to escape from many distractions in which the only reason for them to do so is marriage.
To call me a hypocrite is not right because it is up to the people to judge,” said Bah George.
"Are you Headman?" I replied. "Yes sir, I am.
Another news from the voice of the people regarding the Assembly is that according to the Executive Engineer (EE) of PWD (Building) Bah Ransom Sutnga, Rs 170 crore has been released for the construction of the Assembly. The question is whether only Rs 57 crore can be used to complete the construction of the building.
Therefore, the union has urged the DC that if he has received detailed information, he should please explain to the public which company it is, because if the companies come and plunder the land without the information from the villages and the Hima authorities or the District Council, can put at serious risk to the public and even to the environment and health of the residents.
Shillong, March 22: The names of the Directors of Health Services (MI, MCH&FW and Research) have been announced under the Public Information Act. Dr. CB Sangma assumed the post of Director of DHS Research from 8th June 2011 to 5th July 2012 and At the same time, the same doctor has taken over the post of Director of MCH&FW from 4th July 2012 to 30th July
On the other hand, Firstbornson Nongtdu from Khliehriat, said that even if we cannot reach Shillong to console Bah Ardent, we should pray for him, who has been killed in the attack. for the children of the country and the nation.
Professor PS Shukla Vice Chancellor, Dr.M Khymdeit Program Coordinator NSS Cell NEHU, Professor RL Nongkhlaw, Dean Students Welfare NEHU, Kong Janet Pongener Convener of NSS, Program Officers and NSS volunteers from different colleges were also present. in the city and so on.
On the other hand, Samla Hubert congratulated the leaders of Sur Nongwest for this spirit.
The program was attended by various schools in the area including Wahnongkseh Upper Primary School, Laitnongkseh Upper Primary School and Mawkahiar Secondary School. nearby villages.
It is surprising to issue such a statement," Paul said in an interview with the media on Thursday.
Tympang looked at the Duwan and saw that Tyngkong was slowly moving.
Khaw PMGKAY, PHH 5 kilos per person without payment and AAY 5 kilos per person without payment.
They have passed Probationary Officer to work in Banks and have cleared MPSC.MTET 2019. They have passed the leak in Derengiri.
Bah Dlet Nongdhar, Sordar of Pommura, was also present on the occasion.
“However, we will see about this later when we reach the zone final if necessary,” he said.
If every woman thinks and starts from home not to throw garbage, I believe that Shillong and its rivers will come back to life once again.
Therefore, beware and beware of those who are deceitful, especially in this terrible age, lest you fall into their own traps.
The tournament will be held in Gwalior from the 8th to the 12th of this month and the children who came out on Sunday were well prepared for the competition and bring name and honor to the Academy and the state as a whole.
With shiphew fingers we hold, pray, stir and build life, society and the world.
This was announced during the 18th Shillong Wine Festival in Shillong.
“I was surprised to learn that Bah Pynshngaiñ is indeed a person who is stupid and willing to do lyndet until I can't imagine, that is, by this letter sent through the Secretary of the Executive Committee to “I have been directed to submit my recommendations and only on 27.4.2017 the CEM has distributed the Work Orders to the Rangbah Shnongs of Nongkrem Constituency,” said Bah Shylla.
The presence of the FLN class room will stimulate the minds of the children and this will lead to an increase in the attendance of the children to school.
Ginger Mission Spices Development Scheme 2022-2023 was also distributed to the farmers of the area.
“The political parties will not use only from one side but from many sides and our cooperation in the District Council is because they are the MDA-UDP and NPP allies. The Sixth Schedule has been amended and if the NPP asks our leaders to think about why we should leave our own 'jaidbynriew', we too have the right to express our views on the new amendment. the Sixth Schedule.
The festival was also attended by Marchborn Syiem, Rangbah Shnong Union of Raid Nongtluh, T.Syiem, Syiem Sad Raid Nongtluh, B Mallai (President NEFA) and others. old man does not have honor.
She said that on Tuesday, when she will meet Sonowal, there will also be BJP leaders from the state who will accompany her to the meeting with Sonowal in Guwahati to discuss the issue. postpone.
Angela Rngad, Kong Angela Rngad, has been sitting in front of the Secretariat for seven days now to demand the money allocated by the government to the residents of the state since last year.
Realize: to realize is to feel in yourself what is happening as it should be.
all these are the sons of Jacob.
“At present, we have seen and witnessed only those protesters who have not been allowed to enter the state, but in the next few days we will see that there will be many who will congratulate the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma. , who have been registered in Meghalaya,” he added.
The KJCE Union wants the law to work properly to restore peace once again, prays for all those who have been killed, according to a statement from Tbn C Maring President and A.L. Gallong General Secretary.
“We will celebrate Independence Day in a peaceful manner to pay tribute to the patriots of the country,” he said.
“We have followed the Meghalaya PWD Schedule 2010-11 when preparing the project,” he said.
Shillong, July 14: Police today arrested another prisoner who escaped from the hands of the police on the 11th of this month.
The house of TMC leader Qutubuddin Ali Mollah in Chaltaberia was also attacked.
The operating procedures of the bus have been inspected and monitored in the past, but it was at this time that the UK authorities decided to use and operate the buses in the public works.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: After the KHADC closed down the shop of Prodipta Khong wir last month, Prodipta has lodged a complaint in the High Court against the shop owner. The District Council has also lodged a complaint against the owner of the shop, Sngursilia Rani.
The Khasi Hills became part of India by signing the Instrument of Accession in
“We have submitted a letter to the government on the ILP for two months but we have not received any reply from the government,” said the President of the KSU.
It is also a fact that many of the rice fields have turned into fish ponds, but only temporarily, and only because of the Aqua Mission.
This was confirmed by the HNLC Leader and President Bah Sadon K Blah on Friday.
The MLP B title came after beating Porshlap Sports Club 2-0 in the first leg of the tournament at Nongsohpian Stadium, West Khasi Hills.
Nehlang Lyngdoh, who has been MLA for two terms from Rymbai Constituency, has joined the NPP National President Conrad K Sangma and other NPP leaders. On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the number of leaders of the state who have worked hard for the state and the constituency, has now been seen. He said that the founder of the party (L) Purno A Sangma has laid down the principles for the future leaders to follow. Nehlang Lyngdoh, who has been an MLA for two terms, together with his supporters, has joined the NPP party. They have confidence that only the NPP party has led and will lead and will continue to lead the state forward”.
When asked whether the state government will rely on the financial assistance of the central government to prevent the spread of the disease, Hek said that if the state government does not receive financial assistance from the state government, It has also been quick to raise funds from the World Bank so that it can continue to protect the people of the state from the Covid-19 pandemic.
“I know that neither the employers nor the recruiter provides enough information to the recruits they bring in.
Furnish Rymbai, mother of Babu Aristotle C Rymbai, resident of Wapungskur, passed away on the morning of 7th July
This makes the poor wonder whether they can afford to pay the price set especially for the day and night workers.
Nongstoiñ: The Lyngngam Presbyterian College, Mawthengkut today held its first Graduation Day Cum Celebration for the 23rd Graduation Day. students who have graduated from the College who are also the first graduates of the College and the affiliation of the College with the North Eastern Hills University (NEHU) since the Academic Session 2019-2 .
In the last Interim Budget Session of India, the allocation of funds was too low, perhaps not enough if we have to follow this report, we have to look at other needs. .
This attempt was also recorded in the 2016 Limca Book of Records.
And it is for this reason that the European Union has imposed sanctions on Poland in some of these areas.
The President of MPUF East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Kyrshan Blah, said that in the district, if one person gets a license, they can open up to 50 tear counters. ) and this is not agreeable, so the union today lodged a letter with the office of the Deputy Commissioner and asked for permission to collect the licenses from the operators of Teer Counter in the district.
He also mentioned the role of Jacob Tomlin who encouraged Thomas Jones to go to Khasiland and that is what changed the history of our country.
The death toll has risen to 518 in the fighting, which has been going on for two weeks.
Jahan was one of the strongest candidates in the last elections in West Bengal.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Shnongpdeng Unit has sent a statement to the authorities in charge of the Darrang-Shnongpdeng Road. PMGSY signboard along the road.
This age of glory sometimes destroys even the morality before the man of God.
Interestingly, this village has a beautiful Lawkyntang-Lawlyngdoh near the village, which covers only about 3 acres near the Kynshi River.
“This does not mean that we cannot but it is a challenge and the youth of Meghalaya are not stupid but the Civil Services examination is the toughest in the world,” she added.
The UDA has withdrawn from the fighting after lodging a complaint with the government authorities against the behavior of three MDCs ryngkang dieng kper on 20.11.19, while they were sitting with the UDA. The Government of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, who used to live in Shillong, did not listen to the advice of the Government. ) the Government as directed under Article 163 of the Constitution of India (COI), by taking its own decision, only in consultation with the DC Shillong Office, to confirm the new CEM.
If all the records can be obtained, the CSWO will lodge a complaint against the members of the Meghalaya Women Commission on grounds including the destruction of witnesses. Shillong, Naitung 13: The arrest of 12 women in Tura, the protection of policemen who stripped women of clothes at the police station, and the sudden death of Balsan in jail, said the President of CSWO. They have asked for 10 months from the Sengbhalang to read the laws against the entry of foreigners.
In addition, the Union appeals to all the students and foreigners who have come from outside the state, to take action by getting tested, so that there will be no spread of this disease. disease within society.
But to spend on those who are rich, not on those who are rich.
FIR (first information report): means ejahar – ejahar is a report sent to the chief justice to report any crime against the community.
The soh is only the soap that holds the seed.
“The Minister has promised to complete the college within the next 4-5 months, so that the classes can start next year,” said Baniengskhem.
NEEPCO has received T.1186.24 crore till July 2015 from the states of the North East for purchasing electricity from it and of this, Meghalaya still has to pay T.429.04 crore.
Shanti Ranjan Bouddha, District Relief and Rehabilitation Officer, said that 70,419 people have been affected by the floods and 7,540 houses have been destroyed of which 18,238 have been destroyed. Mahasen was arrested today.
The Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod Mihngi also expresses its gratitude to the State Government, which has taken the right decision to suspend the opening of churches and places of worship, at such times. request to all churches within the Synod to cooperate with the Government not to hold services or public gatherings in churches until the Government has issued another decision.
Shillong, July 26: The Khan Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) has demanded that the State Government should set up an inquiry into the violence committed by the Border Security Force (BSF) under the Commissions of Inquiry Central Act. to withdraw BSF troops from public places and to ensure that they are only on the Zero Line of the border.
“It is to be recalled that this case arose from the file case of a man named Lawyerson War, who lodged a PIL No.18/2019 with MC (PIL) No. .5/2022 and the investigation into the complaint is ongoing and on 7th July 2022, the Hon'ble Meghalaya High Court has issued the order,” said the statement.
Along with the UDP, the PDF may contest the mid-term elections in Ranikor, but the HSPDP leader has insisted that the party will not contest at all.
On this occasion, the General Secretary of the Kur, Goldwin Shadap Manar, read out the history of the Kur and handed over a Memorandum to the Chief Guest requesting for assistance to build a Museum of the Kur at Barato. the village of the King of Latympang.
“It doesn't matter if he is a newcomer, if he wins the election, there is no rule that he should be given a ticket for a party member if he doesn't win. " said Mr. Lapang.
The CoRP also urges the people of the area to cooperate on this project until it is completed, as it is a threat to the future if this project continues, and the hills of Hima Jirang They will become the land of Assam.
If there are many farmers and plenty of food, we can save more money because we don't need to buy pets from outside the village or state or country.
On the same day, the party also inaugurated its new office at Umjarasi, Ri Bhoi.
However, it is understood that if Kitbok continues to strike if he cannot fulfill the demand to be appointed to the school as promised.
Prestone said the money collected from Lafarge should benefit the 52 villages in the area where Lafarge Company operates (located in Nongtrai).
In a word, the existence of such shelters for the elderly run by the Sisters of Charity, is another hope for many of the loved ones who have lost hope. in life.
Shillong: Since 8.30 am today, Sohra has received 274.6mm of rainfall.
Therefore, she calls upon all her fellow citizens to preserve their uniqueness as a nation because the nation was established according to the Law and the Constitution.
The Alter Bridge band led by Mark will leave for North America for the Pawns & Kings Tour and will be accompanied by Wolfgang Van Halen, son of Eddie Van Halen. I'm now one of the guitarists of Van Halen.
“When you don't claim to stand for the jaidbynriew, why don't you talk to the Dorbar Shnong before issuing a news release to accuse you of such and such.
T.2.34 crore for the construction of the Aqueduct Channel at Kench's Trace Road from Bishnupur Taxi Stand, drains and water pipes. Sankerdev to Bethesda,” said the MLA. He said that the village of Kench's Trace under the leadership of Bah K Nongbri, at the meeting, decided that the village will cooperate fully with the PWD. MLA to cooperate.
He said that if schools are opened, it will be dangerous for the children and also for the elderly in the home because it is usually the children who used to stay. and to spend time with their grand parents at home when they come home from school and this will put them at risk.
“Referring to the difference in the price in the tender, the Minister in charge of Electricity said, “The price at the time of calling the tender is the old price which no longer matches this. the current rate, but there was no wrongdoing from the government.
He also called on the parents to join hands in this struggle by using their votes properly to vote with wisdom and understanding and not based on feelings or opinions. amount.
Only 32 teams will be accepted for the tournament, and first come first served.
Nongsiej said that if the government improves the road from the National Highway to Mawsiangbah and reaches the valley, it will be a great blessing to the residents of Nongkhniang, Mawlangniang and others. other villages in the area.
The arrest of this suspect was made after a search operation from time to time.
Forgetting the things that are useless and cause us weakness in the spiritual life is essential in the Christian life.
Shillong, November 14: Shillong MP Vincent Pala has released a statement saying that the contest of Dr Mukul Sangma from Songsak may have something behind it. Bindo Mathew Lanong (Public Leader and Lawyer) has written a letter today.
He spoke about the skills that the children of the 21st century should have such as the skills to think critically and find ways to solve the problems they face, the skills to participate or contribute to the others, teamwork skills and innovation skills in what they have to do.
Out of the 34,783 voters in Sohiong, many will be able to elect legislators for the first time.
Daniel says, “Then shall the kingdom, and the dominion, and the greatness of the saints of the most High, be given to the poor; his kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and all dominions shall serve and obey him.
Out of the 15 cases, 11 cases from South West Garo Hills are from the armed forces and 4 cases are from the civilian population.
