“The department is also monitoring the proliferation of sound systems attached to vehicles besides driving under the influence of alcohol.
Speaking on the occasion, Dominic came to his office to distribute the news and to request for the release of the poster of the film. and promise to give your support in any way.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Education, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui today promised in the House that the Ministry of Education will fill all the vacant posts of teachers. how within a month.
On Saturday, several journalists visited the market to meet with the employees and shopkeepers to talk about the market. I met about three shops, some of them were owners and some were employees.
Ma Pariat handed over his resignation letter to the Chairman of JHADC yesterday after a protest to replace the CEM in which Ma Pariat lost his majority.
It would be wrong for the parties to close down or protest in various offices, and the state government should take responsibility in this regard, in order to avoid all these problems.
He bought a commercial vehicle driven by his own brother.
In the past 24 hours, 2.95 lakh (2,95,041) new cases of coronavirus have been reported in India, bringing the total number of cases in the country to 1,56,16,130.
The state attracts tourists from all over the country and the world.
It is true that there are generators but the lack of fuel has affected the ability to publish newspapers every night with generators.
Bah Monarch ShabongHap congratulated the Dorbar Shnong Lumshnong, for showing for the first time the power or authority of the Dorbar Shnong and this decision of the Dorbar Shnong, requires immediate congratulations from the The Union of Village Headmen or the Hima Headmen's Association as well as the authorities of the Jaintia and Khasi District Councils.
Hek said that if the President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, Ernest Mawrie, has exposed the corruption in JHADC and GHADC, it means that he has received sufficient evidence.
The election is an election which we have to accept and not only accept the defeat but also take good care of it.
On the HNLC's demand for amnesty, Bah Tynsong said, “We will be able to discuss these issues at the table.
At the same time, he said that the reason for the fire is because there is a problem in the water tanks which should discharge the waste into the water. you're right.
The Director of Agriculture, Bah R Lyngdoh, DTO of Manai, has never replied without saying that he is the one who gave the shalan as alleged, the seal and the signature. They are also his, but he doesn't put only the office copies in the office.
Rahul Gandhi became the voice of democracy and the party became the largest political party.
We all know what the RSS is. It was founded on 27th September 1925 and to date, its members have reached 5-6 million and there are 56,859 branches (shakhas).
He said that the celebration of this day under the theme “Speed ​​up implementation” is closely related to the objective of the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) for the speedy implementation and changes through this scheme to deliver water to all households and to achieve the objectives and targets by
On this occasion, the KSU distributed awards including Syrnod and Pisa to 12 students of the area who came in the 1st Division in their various examinations.
The three district councils, the Khasi Autonomous District Council, the Garo Hills District Council and the Jowai Autonomous District Council (now JHADC), have sent their leaders.
He said that the relationship between the prime minister and the rebel group has been revealed by the appearance of the political secretary of the ANVC(B) Ajaju R. Marak.
He said that on the 9th of this month they will convene a meeting of all the Chief Executive Members as well as the non-CoHSO Sengbhalang to seek their support to strengthen the CoHSO. The CoHSO also denied the allegations that it will nominate an MP candidate and said that its position is firmly on issues for the country and the nation.
The gathering of Israel (Jews) from all over the world to the land of Israel is a long-standing history and it happened within these 70 years, and during these 70 years Israel did not I am no longer a slave, but a master over all.
They died while entering the coal mine, which was about to start mining and which had been suspended for many years.
“We want to bring economic development to the people and we will do what we have done but the problem is that the money is scarce,” he said. How much will it cost? (To upgrade the Sohra Civil Sub-Division to a district).
Many of them said that if the people of Mawhati make a mistake again in electing the Nongmihkhmat at this time, the disgrace will come, because as it is now, it has already been disgraced. but if thou goest wrong, thou shalt come again.
The presence of such incidents today is because there is division and misunderstanding.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 30: The Organizing Committee of the Ri Bhoi District Silver Jubilee Celebration (RBDSJC) has expressed its deep sorrow over the recent incident in Ri Bhoi District, which has affected the peace and order not only in the district. District but not in the state as a whole.
Another part to understand is that revolution cannot happen overnight and it will have to slow down before reaching the goal of justice.
Speaking to media after the programme, Bhaichung Bhutia said, “India is a country that has thrived in football, and the important thing now is to prepare for Asia. Cup to be held in July 2024 and if they win the Asia Cup, India will enter the top 10 in Asia and now there are preparations for the SAFF Championship to be held soon in Odisha and here. You will reach the World Cup.
Shillong: Meghalaya has won three gold, three silver and three bronze medals in the 7th NE Zonal Shooting Championship held at the 4th Assam Police Battalion, Shooting Ranges, Kahilipara, Guwahati, Assam from 19th August 2019 to August 23, 2019.
Priyanka Gandhi's four promises include not implementing the CAA in Assam, providing free electricity to 200 units of electricity, and paying Rs 2,000 per month to housewives. to pay a wage of T.365 per day to the workers in the slasha fields and to create job opportunities for up to 5 lakh people in the state.
Don’t protect it, because that’s where you are.
Where are the rulers? Almost all the parties are in this Government, including the BJP which is in power.
He felt confident to hand over the shop to his sister and the parents lived happily on both shop and rent incomes.
“As an MLA, I express my concern over the Medical Re-imbursement for government employees and retired persons. Minister of the Ministry on the non-payment of equal salaries between senior and junior government employees,” he said.
Fr Gomes said he could not put the bones of the people and the bones of the priests together.
The Supreme Court has ordered the protest following an appeal by the Congress and JD(S) when the Governor of Meghalaya, Vajubhai Vala, gave 15 days. day to the Prime Minister, to present the number of people in the State Legislative Assembly.
The test was led by Bah R.Kharbihkhiew, EAC Ri Bhoi, in the presence of health workers and with the assistance of Ri Bhoi Police. , in which those people who did not wear masks were tested through the Antigen Test.
U Bah Ïaraplang Rymbai, who used to earn a living and support his family by working in the coal mines during the opening of the coal mines, has four young children who are still waiting for food. Sadly, the man was one of the victims of the police bullets. He said that the bullet had pierced through his neck. The doctors at NEIGRIMS Hospital had to insert equipment into the body of the man so that he could walk and stand. He has lost his physical strength and can no longer work as before. He has to stay at home with his wife, Kong Saiñly Saingshai, who has to go to work while getting just enough to feed the family.
Dr. Bhuyan received the award from Prof. Dr. M. Selvam, Vice-Chancellor of Bharathidasan University and Prof. AM Deshmukh, President, MBSI. Dr. Bhuyan for her contribution to the field of education.
In the article, the LRO explained the incident on the 11th July 2017, on the day of the cremation of Bah Kulam Nongrum. The placards and also the police presence in the area on that day.
The battle in Motphran will continue in the years to come.
He added that the party (Congress) will have many issues to bring to the Assembly including the mining of coal in the state, corruption, shortcomings in development. and also on drug users in the State.
Shillong, March 18: The National Institute of Opening Schools (A-24-25) has conducted its end of year examination which started on the 17th of this month. The examination will be held from 2:30 to 5:30 pm across the state. The examination will be held from 2:30 to 5:30 pm across the state. Nonglyer, Mizo Modern Hr.Sec School, Nongrim Hills, Shillong, Shillong, Shillong, Tome Memorial Sec.School, Mooralong, Jowai , West Jaintia Hills, Christ School, Nongsder, Umiam Post Office, District-Ribhoi, Kendriya Vidyalaya, Tura, PO-Arajmile, District-West Garohills, Tura.
She said that the aim of the Rashtriya Bal Swasthya Karyakram program is to free people from such diseases and this is the second time that Ganesh Hospital Shillong will conduct this treatment. .
Tynghor is one of the oldest villages in the Muliang area and is also the Headquarters of the Jyrngam Sirdarship.
On the other hand, the people at the meeting expressed their strong opposition and at the meeting unanimously decided that they will not accept the proposal of the KHADC. In 1979, when the Assam government started to attack the land and property of the Hima Raidmynsaw and set up police stations at Langpih and Mawsikar, no one helped but only and the multitude, and the rulers of the city, fought against him.
Therefore, the Principal, said that if they drink and eat these alcoholic beverages too much, it will cause them pain later because of what they earn now, but when they get sick they will suffer many problems. suffering.
This is not the way to do this.
He will liberate the country and the whole world.
On the other hand, the Minister said the government has decided to fight against the decision of the Meghalaya High Court to recognize people who came from Bangladesh before 24th October, 1971 as Indians. .
The meeting unanimously decided to call for a 72 hour curfew from 4th July from 5 pm to 7th July 2014 at 5 pm.
Robert said he can suggest to the government how to end the protest on ways and means to curb the influx of foreigners which has caused trouble to the tourists. state.
In terms of GSDP, the remaining debt was 32.74 per cent in 2016-17 but increased by 8 per cent to 40.73 per cent in 2020-2
The order from the office of the Deputy Commissioner (DC) explained that the Village Authorities should cooperate with the government authorities and the police in order to run the shops smoothly and to prevent the gathering of people inside the shops and outside the shop.
This is evident from the behavior of the people during the election campaign.
It is better to rebuild every 10 years than to be BHA for me and you.
The winners of this C'ship were: U-13 girls' singles – Asem Chanu Shivani U-13 boys' singles – Haegan Diengdoh U-15 girls' singles – Netania T Tariang U-15 boys' singles – Gavin Kharbuki U-1 girls' singles – Angenora Momin U-19 boys' doubles – Pratham Majumdar and Raynell Kharbuki U-17 girls' singles – Sneha Chetri U-19 boys' singles – Mohit Joshi Women's singles – Elsarica Umdor Men's doubles'n Mengro Joshi and Subado singles – Mohit Joshi.
Speaking to Rupang, Manstudy said, “I respect the decision of the party.
Shillong: The Government will reopen the Meghalaya Safety and Security Act 2016 to curb the entry and exit of foreign nationals. people outside the state.
Although it is not yet clear what caused the incident, according to reports, it is suspected that the incident was related to school work and teacher appointment.
Sohra MLA Bah TW Chyne and others will be the chief guests.
“Therefore, as the organizations, we demand that the Government should make public this report within a month but we will not hesitate to take other measures to force the Government to do its duty,” he said. understand this group.
We therefore expect that the new government will learn from what has happened recently in the metor area and also from what has happened in the past years and to curb the infiltration as soon as possible. The Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873 (ILP) has been implemented to prevent such incidents in the future.
He admitted that the company has built roads, installed street lights, churches, and many other works. support from the general public.
It was seen that the gas truck, after robbing people, small vehicles and shops, collapsed at the scene.
The use of these technologies can help achieve India's targets of generating 500 GW of electricity from fossil fuel-free sources by 2030 and an emissions-intensity target of 45% under the circumstances. of 2005 before 2030.
Of course, it is necessary to acquire the wisdom of this world and through the wisdom of this world, we acquire a lot of proper knowledge but more importantly it is Divine Wisdom.
The team's training ended on Sunday at Jagiroad and on Monday the team will leave for Vijayawada in Andhra Pradesh.
Since the establishment of this school in 2004 in Mihmyntdu, the literacy rate in Mihmyntdu has been only 40% but now it has increased to 95% and it is a great benefit.
The crew of the film would like to thank Rocky Donal Marbaniang, Kitrina Nongrum and Lansuis Syiemlieh.
Pala said the MDA Government's claim that it can lift the ban on coal mining is only a misleading statement to the people because it cannot lift it without passing any law.
In every organization including Khaii, Sengbhalang, Village Authorities, Sports Clubs, Student Organizations and many other organizations, Presidents, Secretaries and other office bearers are elected. different levels.
Ma Pachiang said that those who want to see the lights have to wait until night or darkness.
It is one of the most important things for people to live longer.
On the statement by Lop Stevenson and others that the Waheh Shnong alone runs the affairs of the village, he said that this is wrong and he said only to insult others because there are records in the register of the village. All the affairs of the village are conducted by the Executive Committee.
He said that for about 20 years, the non-recurring grant-in-aid has not been given to adhoc schools while other needs such as grants to improve schools, uniforms for children have not been given. “We urge the Minister to look into this proposal to promote to deficit to implement the idea of ​​equal pay for equal work,” he said.
All six winners from East Jaintia Hills District will represent the district in the State Level Art & Cultural Competition to be held from 11th – 13th November 2019 in Shillong.
She graduated from Women's College Shillong and the third place went to Mebarika Syih from Sonapyrdi Village who is studying Bsc (Hons) 6th Semester at Kiang Nangbah Government College, Jowai.
CS of Assam asks CS of Assam to screen truck drivers.
Brup! The farmers are devastated when no one turns away for their welfare.
Shillong: The United Democratic Alliance (UDA) has canceled its meeting at Pinewood, Shillong last night and it is understood that it will meet again today, after a group of MDCs decided to withdraw. to the support from the group.
The protest was held with slogans against the government on the power outage and bomb blasts with slogans against Mukul Sangma and the government.
At the same time, he said that from now on, there will be vigilance and patrolling by the police and if they find any vehicles that are suspicious and parked on the side of the road at night, they will be questioned. investigate according to the law.
This was also done as part of the country's commitment to Universal Health Care (UHC) and will help achieve the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
The match between Friends United and Shonroy Basan Higher Secondary School was opened.
There are those who live in clothes and other things.
Shillong received 49.8mm while Umiam received 27.6mm.
“Newspapers are very important in society,” he said.
A total of 274 people from Mizoram and Manipur have left for Israel this year.
Shillong: The East Khasi Hills District Chess Association, Shillong will hold the State 'B' District Selection Chess Tournament on the 19th and 20th November, 2019 at Lama Villa Community Hall, Shillong.
I urge the Chief Minister to do whatever is necessary for the safety of the children and the residents.
This is the third time that Sohra has received heavy rainfall in July.
2023 will be a year of blessing for Alia where after acting in Hollywood films, she has also taken part in the Met Gala and now she has been appointed as the hostess of the Gucci.
Thus to the Apostle, “To live is Christ, and to die is gain” (Philippians 1:21). Amen.
Bah Staising Kharbteng, Sub Inspector of Schools was the chief guest in the presence of teachers, students and parents.
The second attachment is a Red horse, to him who sat on it, authority was given to take peace away from the earth.
The tournament will be held from 12th to 20th November, 2023 at SAI STC Indoor Sports Stadium, Shillong. The prize money for both categories is 30,01,0 0,000, while for Category B it will be up to 10,01,0
Speaking as president of the youth wing of the UDP, he said that the youth wing has been affected by the departure of leaders to join other parties.
When we have our own land we can cultivate to support ourselves and do it ourselves. By doing this we as a nation will be able to solve our own problems instead of waiting for the Government of India to do it ourselves. you can solve your problems.
On November 3, 2001, the National Council for Teacher Education (NCTE) issued a decision on the qualifications required for teachers in schools.
Airport staff and a security team were present at the scene of the incident.
The Association will not set a date for the reopening, but we will take a decision according to the circumstances”.
Conrad met Sarma in Guwahati today to discuss the NPP-BJP alliance in the new government.
Vehicles coming from Mawlong Market will go to Sohra Station and vehicles coming from Khyndai Lad will go to Bimola Point.
Thus Israel shows the signs of the Last Days.
Jesus said, “Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven;
This year, India has organized the 'Food India da SIAL' market in New Delhi to promote products and business opportunities in the food sector in India.
When asked about the two lane road from Nongstoiñ Rambrai to Kyrshai, Bajop said that he recently met with the Head of NHIDCL, who is in charge of the construction of the road. to inform him that it is time to leave and start the second phase from Mawthir to Kyrshai.
“KSU will stand by the family members in all aspects to get a fair trial as expected,” said Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar, President KSU. He joined the rally called by the Voice of the Northwest to condemn the shooting death of former GS of the HNLC by the police.
Shillong, Lber 13: The Church of Jesus Christ Riatsamthiah on Monday launched the new song titled “Jingjop” by Rev Ïashanborlang Ryntathiang at the Shillong Press Club, Shillong. Shillong.
We are pleased that many of the elders of Jirang and Patharkhmah area have attended the meeting, where the meeting was to discuss the issues of the people of the area, as well as to strengthen the party and also to work hard for the election of the incumbent MLA of Jirang and the NPP candidate in
He said the state government has been ready to sign a fake soskular with the ANVC a few months before the MLA elections. It has brought about a social agreement to bring about the establishment of the Autonomous District Council in Garo Hills.
On the voter card, you will find that you have the name of an officer of the Election Commission of India.
Also present on the occasion were North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum, Mawkhar MDC PN Syiem, Mawkhar Shnong Rangbah Arwan Tariang, Mawkhar Youth Association office bearers and residents.
The body of the unidentified man was shifted to NEIGRIHMS for post mortem.
I am writing this with the intention and prayer that the people of the country will stand together.
In the meeting with the DC, the DC urged the party to lift the curfew announced on the 12th of this month.
However, the mining of coal without any control has polluted our rivers and has also destroyed our forests.
Courts, schools and educational institutions, all sports, music, tourism and offices have been closed.
The former Chief Minister praised the NPP as a political party to raise the issues of the North East and said that because of the issues that affect the welfare of the people and the entire region one has led the Union Ministers to develop the rural areas and villages.
“The bridge has turned into a river and small vehicles have stopped in the middle of the road”.
“2021 will be the year when we will hold a strong protest to demand the government to implement the ILP, MRSSA and to release the CAA in Meghalaya,” said Robertjune Kharjahrin President HYC. It also decided to protest strongly to force the government authorities to resolve the border issue of Meghalaya this year.
The KSU East Jaintia Hills District leader said that the sumo was carrying the Bangladeshis from Ratacherra village. The sumo was parked at a place on the side of the road in Ratacherra and pretended to be broken down. At that time there were no passengers in the vehicle, but There was only one driver, but after a while other sumo drivers saw that the sumo was full of passengers, and then the sumo drivers suspected that the passengers ( paenger) may be Bangladeshis who have come to enter the state, and as soon as we received information about this we immediately informed our fellow members in Narpuh and thanks to the hard work of the members of KSU Narpuh Circle and KSU Tongseng Unit has arrested these Bangladeshis who have illegally entered the state and India,” said Bah KS Suchiang. “What we want to say here is that the KSU is full of sorrow. Therefore, the union from time to time has been working hard to ensure that these foreigners from Bangladesh have entered the state. “We demand that the government should implement strong laws especially the Inner Line Permit in the state as soon as possible to curb the illegal entry of mynder,” he added.
The two coal factories that were destroyed were M/S Halari Coke Plant at Pohrasong and M/S Shauryansi Coke Plant at Wah Samsier, Sutnga.
According to the shopkeepers, the incident happened while the man was trying to cross the road.
Shaei can this lead? The public knows better than that.
Here I would like to ask the Khasi writers – Is it just because the Lyngngam live next door to the Garo (Diko) that they have created the phrase 'u lyngngam u diko'? Why don't you say 'Bhoi and Assamese', 'Pnar and Karbi', 'War and Bengali', 'Khynriam and Nepali'...? Or do you think that the end of the Lyngngam is to join the Diko in Garoland? I request the members of the Khasi Authors Society (KAS) to think and correct this error.
On the other hand, the PWD (Roads) also displayed the photographs taken during the repair of the Bypass.
Shillong: The Election Committee of the United Democratic Party (UDP) will announce the first list of MDC candidates 2019 today at 11:30 pm.
It is said that after his burial, the tomb was dug again and the body was recovered and burnt.
Besides seizing the drugs, the East Khasi Hills District Police, on receiving information from the intelligence agencies, also seized a Swift and two mobile phones from the suspect. the bodies of two drug traffickers.
Shillong: HSPDP MLA Renikton L Tongkhar on Tuesday said that the government needs to encourage people to settle on the border as part of strengthening and preventing the invasion of land by the Assam government.
Replying to this, CEM Bah Pynshngainlang Syiem said that the EC will not be afraid to answer the government to say yes to what should be said no and yes to what should be said yes.
The Union at this time of darkness has come upon the family of this man and the Union as a whole sends this message of condolences to his family and loved ones.
Ahead of the Assembly elections, the Congress has released 10 allegations against the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government at a press conference held on 13th June in Shillong.
Nongstoiñ: It is a great pleasure and pleasure for the residents of Nongstoiñ to see the initiative of the MLA of Nongstoiñ Constituency, Bah Macmillan Byrsat. days for a special inspection of the roads of all the villages within the town of Nongstoiñ.
The Union of Village Youth Associations (SSSS) extends its deepest condolences to the women, from the youngest to the oldest, who have been subjected to insults in various ways, who are afraid to mention that they have been killed. The enemy, strongly condemns the poor, who are worse than wild animals, who have no more feeling of sorrow or shame before the world for their actions that are no longer in harmony with human beings.
Referring to the findings of Bah Disparsing Rani through RTI that there are nearly 8,000 vacancies which the government has not filled for many years, he said that it is contrary to what the Minister has said. The Chief Minister admitted that there are only about 3,000 jobs and said that this shows the lack of responsibility of him and the government for the future of the youth.
This decision will benefit about 5 crore farmers and the people they support.
Multidisciplinary education and research universities (MERUs), which will be on par with IITs and IIMs, will be established as multidisciplinary educational institutions across the country.
Shillong: The residents of Karkhana Village, Pasadwar Amlarem Block, West Jaintia Hills and Borghat East Jaintia Hills, are filled with fear and anxiety when the rainy season comes, as the village is located near the Tisang River. , because if this river floods, it will have a lot of impact on the residents especially those who live near the road because the sudden rise of the water will damage and destroy the property and plants.
Even the World Bank, which funds nuclear plants around the world, has fallen behind due to the high prices in 2010 and
It may be recalled that the name of Bah Donkupar Sumer has been pending in the DCA department for months since his name was sent as the new EM and the UDP MDC from Umsning has not yet been appointed. The DCA has not yet approved to send his name to the Governor.
Shillong: The Director of the Don Bosco Museum (DBCIC) will be closed on the 23rd of March to express his condolences on the passing away of Rev. Archbishop Dominic Jala DD. the day left on tep.
Passah said that last month, when they held a public meeting, MeECL through its Secretary Debojit Warjri had assured them that they would distribute the appointment letter but so far nothing has been done. do something.
He said that the worst affected by this influx of foreigners are those states which do not have Inner Line Permit or ILP, where in Assam alone there are more than 2 crore foreigners.
The union urged all the people not to be like such people to shoot and kill each other but to have love for each other.
In fact I respect everyone no matter whether you are Hindu or Christian or Muslim or anyone else and as our nation which is based on “Love yourself and respect others” I stand on that basis. .
The leaders of the party said that if a Khasi is killed, the police are quick to arrest him but if a foreigner is killed, the police are quick to arrest him without knowing whether they are involved in the killing or not. kine bar state.
Rahul said he had no intention of bringing up the court case in his political dispute with Modi.
Therefore, to fulfill one person, one needs a person.
During this month, the Lama of India will be hoisted at half the flagpole in each government building where the flag is hoisted and no entertainment program will be held during this month.
The PHH rice will be distributed at the rate of 5 Kg per head, free of charge.
Nongpoh: Shillong United FC have won the FKJGP Pahamsyiem Unit Tournament at the NSCA Pahamsyiem Stadium after beating Ri Bhoi United FC on Saturday. Police broke the tie 5-4
He said that all this is due to the lack of proper management of the Corporation which has caused all the employees to become involved.
On Abhishek Banerjee's statement that the TMC is the only party that stands against the BJP, Khrkrang said that the BJP is the only party that stands for the people. residents of Meghalaya.
Dorothy said that when she helps to give birth to these women, she uses the necessary equipment for giving birth and there are times when she has to call the doctors.
But the Jews said, “We know where this man comes from, but when the Messiah comes, no one will know where he comes from or whence he comes?” John 7:25-2
Thus, in this age, the Righteousness of the Word has been subjected to a terrible test and the rule, justice and employment have also been tested.
The Dorbar Shnong of Balakwaha has written to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District to revoke her Voter ID and Job Card,” said the Secretary.
On the other hand, CP Thakur, Vice President of the BJP, who is also a doctor himself, said that there are some kinds of impurities in the food, which are bih.
I will give them hope even though they have been rejected by this government.
In another development, Alok Sharma, Business Secretary to the British Government, has tested positive for coronavirus while in the House of Commons.
Police have taken the bodies of these four persons for further investigation.
It is expected that we will face not only such traffic jams but also the problems in terms of solid & liquid waste management and also the inability to provide , to every household, to drinking water, clean and pure.
This issue has not been discussed in the MUA since the end of the dorbar.
The Inter School Competition was held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
Using a police vehicle, the police officials took the matter into their own hands, making announcements on the issues of the road in the early hours of the morning.
“We find it unpleasant that the VPP MLA has made a drama on the Job Reservation Policy,” said ACHIK General Secretary Advocate Bernita R Marak in a statement.
On these issues and issues, what is important is whether we accept that we are one nation. Rev. Dr. John Roberts and Rev. G. Angel Jones composed songs for the country. Rev. Dr. John Roberts composed the song Ri Khasi Ri Khasi I love you.
“We will call witnesses from the public on the 15th and we will fight against the plan of the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram to open the Mawjymbuin Krem as its foundation stone.
After the discussion, HANM has ordered to increase the price and will also appeal to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills on this matter.
The CEM said that the shortage of funds from the collection is due to the increase in salaries due to annual increment and dearness allowance to the council employees, pensioners and family pensioners of the council.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Embhah Syiemlieh, who, as the invited guest, expressed his happiness to be present.
Therefore, a thorough discussion has been held at this meeting and an Office Memorandum will be issued soon in this regard.
please send me your email id-.
Arun Jaitley, 66, has been admitted to the hospital since 9th July
“We will contest for 29 seats”.
He said he wants to bring about development in Tura through the Smart Town Project.
You can also file a complaint with the Police.
A Special Court in Champhai, Mizoram, has sentenced a 30-year-old man to 20 years in jail for assaulting and raping a girl.
This decision was taken after Lapangap village on the 18th of this month suffered a tragic incident from the Karbi mob who cut down the trees planted with the aid. The Basin Development Department has been working since July last year to rehabilitate the surrounding hills and rivers.
It is through this that they will grow in the spirit of responsibility and integrity.
“We also congratulate the Regional Committees who led the Rangbah Shnongs, Raid Chiefs, Sirdars and Chiefs of the Khasi Hills during the inspection.
In the men's category, Sarin Sports & Cultural Club beat Mawkhyrwang Sports Club 3-0 sets in the first match by 25 runs, the second by 25 runs and the third. you get up to 28 sets.
The second part includes Block-II and we understand that many Khasi settlements are in these areas.
A person from Safeshop Company from Berpata Assam who used to visit our area has tested positive for COVID-1
Why don't they do it in our state?
The Brahmaputra River has 59 tributaries.
Maximus Shillong, November 27 : Barato (Wyrtow), formerly known as Shillong, is the headquarters of the Doloi of Shiliangmyntang District in the northeast of West Jaintia Hills.
North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum has given the government 15 days to evacuate the residents of Mawlong Market and lift the ban on vehicles passing through the Metor area.
When we talk about the growth of the world, we talk about how one country is more developed than another.
Speaking to reporters, Joseph Pyngrope, Publicity Secretary, Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union, said that the meeting was held after being invited by the Minister. When they arrived at 4 pm, the Minister was not present at his office and this angered the Minister. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, which shows that he does not respect these employees of EMRI, has strongly condemned him.
When inquired, Bah Sniawbhalang said that the Regional Committees have decided to submit their reports to their respective State Governments by April this year.
When asked whether the peace talks have ended the armed conflict in the state, the Minister declined to comment on this but said let us hope for the best and that the armed conflict in the state has ended. Peace and harmony will be maintained in the state.
He congratulated and wished the leaders of the RBDSA to work harder for the development of sports in the district and especially to raise children who can participate in the National Games. to be held in 2022, he added.
The Government has banned all public gatherings in Shillong for 14 days. There will also be a curfew on the deaths of people, but on the writing festival and religious ceremonies. The Government will not ban, but this will require the permission of the Deputy Commissioners.
The Congress now has five MLAs in the Opposition.
The demand for a new employment and education quota is useless because we have seen clearly since the beginning of Meghalaya that the Garo have not been able to fill even 20% of their 40% quota. but they are not allowed to fill or place the children of Hynniewtrep in the places which they cannot fill.
That is why we should not wear rumar when we sleep or shoot synriah and we should not sit too close.
Sambor Nongtdeh scored the first goal for Iawmulong Nartiang in the 27th minute.
The meeting was attended by teachers and students of various colleges in Khasi Hills as well as leaders of several political parties. that this necessary demand will be fulfilled as soon as possible.
“What will happen if someone suddenly comes out of arshaka vehicles,” they said.
In addition, it has also received foodgrains and lockdown from the Government of India.
The SP was arrested after being found guilty by the Criminal Investigation Department (CID).
“We are in talks with the Central Government and also with the NTA to set up more examination centers in the state to make it easier for our students,” Rakkam said.
Shillong, Naitung 7: Assam Rifles on Saturday raided Madanriting Police Station to arrest a Langrut soldier, who is accused of shooting and injuring another soldier. the traffic police in the village.
If you look closely, you will see many benefits from this step.
Trains are dangerous, not only from those foreigners who can invade, but without trains, it is very difficult to travel, whether in Shillong or Jowai and also in around the small villages, but it affects the environment, because we have to dig up the hills and rivers around, cut down tens of thousands of trees, garbage and other hazards. evil, which have destroyed this peaceful and holy land, in which we have lived until now.
Among the winners from Rajasthan are two Congress leaders, Mukul Wasnik and Randeep Surjewala. Maharashtra, which is contesting six seats, the election was suspended after some MLAs showed their ballot papers to sign their votes.
Speaking to media after the Trinamool Youth Program in Laitumkhrah, Elgiva said that in her 10 years in politics, she has seen that the people are eager for change. .
We also strongly condemn the Government's reluctance to make public what is contained in the report.
The closure of the market and trade has severely affected the income and lifestyle of the people of Sohra.
There are about 30 members in this unit including senior leaders and members.
At 7:15 pm, the daughter of Sampa Das, who lives in Pune, received a call that her father was in the custody of the kidnappers and they demanded payment. Rs.5 crore.
Sources said that the decision on the appointment of the party leaders has been left to the wisdom of the party leaders.
In those years before we got our own state (Meghalaya), the Chandrachud Boundary under the leadership of YV Chandrachud rejected the demands and ideas raised by Meghalaya in matters relating to the border between Assam and Meghalaya.
Shullai said the letter has been handed over to the National Vice President in charge of Meghalaya Dr Chuba Ao and the National General Secretary and Coordinator of North Eastern States Rituraj Sinha as information.
Through a complaint lodged at Basistha Guwahati Police Station, Kwerin Mukhim said that on the morning of 1st June 2020 while he was traveling at Basistha Chariali, Assam, his vehicle ran out of fuel and he could not stop the vehicle. vehicle along the road to buy fuel at the petrol pump nearest the parking lot.
Modi on the 8th announced that T.1000 and T.500 notes are no longer valid in the country and all those who have these notes should go to banks until the 30th of November.
It is understood that the shortage of these re-registrants has reached the ears of the Home Minister of India, who met the Chief Minister of Assam, Sarbananda Sonowal, on Saturday.
You've been a long time.
Furthermore to create a safe and acceptable workplace for everyone.
Mack Donald Nongkhlaw, 17, from 3rd Mile Upper Shillong, will compete in the 1st Edition Mountain Bike Challenge (MTB) in Kalimpong, West Bengal on the 27th of this month. June 2021.
The Hall can accommodate 1739 people.
Jowai Jymmang 18: In preparation for the impending border clearance between Meghalaya and Assam, the remaining 6 out of 12 border clearance phases (phase 2) have been completed. Members of the Labang-Nongphyllut and Pangam Raliang Council (LNPC) met today (17/05/2022) at Jowai.
The Auto Rickshaw (ML 10 A 8361) driven by Starling Dohling of Mawdiangum Village and the Volkswagen (AS 01 FF – were involved in the accident. 5590 was driven by Kautav K Kalita from Guwahati to Shillong.
These crematoria are located on the Lowirpoua-Kanmun highway in Karimganj district.
Nursing and others urged them to provide adequate services to the patients.
“What the President of the BJP has said is that the people have been promised money, but I don't have anything to say but FOCUS is a scheme launched by the state government to distribute to the people. farmers and producer groups of at least 50 to 20 people,” said Bah Banteidor.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Carness Sohshang said that sports are essential for the development of man in almost all aspects.
In a petition sent to the Director of Urban Affairs, HANM said that the building at Motphran was erected to commemorate the 26th Anniversary of the Khasi Labor Corps. British in France during World War I. This petition, which was launched in 1927, is a sign of remembrance for the 26th Khasi market. The Labor Corps, which carried supplies and other equipment for the British troops during the First World War, was inaugurated in year 1927.
These Sangma brothers, said that I have a foundation stone factory, because my government is working tirelessly to start various projects and some of them should have been completed and now these brothers. , they are not ashamed to inaugurate these projects which have been put in place by me and my government.
However, those who have not been able to rule in the central government are the obstacles for Bah Vincent H Pala and the Congress party this time.
The leaders of the ethnic parties need to think far if they want to rule themselves to fight against the powerful National People's Party (NPP) which has suddenly emerged in politics. Map of India while the Congress, the oldest political party in India and Meghalaya, has disappeared from the 60-member Assembly after 12 MLAs left The remaining four members of the All India Trinamool Congress and four others have been temporarily expelled from the party for supporting the MDA government without consulting the party leaders.
In the third match, Lumsliar Sliar beat Mookynphad Mihmyndtu 2-2
Shillong, March 6: The incumbent MLA of North Shillong, Roshan Warjri, has decided not to contest the 2018 elections. who is a legal advisor, to contest the upcoming elections from this constituency.
Places of worship and churches of all religions were also closed, despite the arrival of the holy month of Christians, who celebrate Good Friday and Easter, or Paskha.
Pipa – kaba mut A water tank is a large hole.
It is encouraging and pleasant to know that one of the women from Ri Bhoi, despite the age of 53 years, has been able to complete her studies at He holds a Bachelor of Arts (B.A) degree from Balawan College, Umsning.
By Bah Philip MarweiñLaitduh, June 6: Laitduh Village, located near the Daiñthlen Valley, about 10 kilometers from Sohra, has made history by attracting more than 5000 people from the Parish of Sohra and The dedication ceremony of the new church named after Mother Teresa was dedicated by Rev, Fr, George Maliekal, SDB, Provincial of Silchar Province with the assistance of the Archbishop of Sohra Parish, Father Roy and three young priests.
The land, the forests and the forests in the country have become increasingly destroyed and sometimes we have forgotten our old customs and traditions. and we shall fall, we shall perish, we shall be damned like palong in the wind.
On the development in the region, Dr Singh said the government is struggling to address the issues related to abandoned roads, the border states which have not received a departure from any state in the region.
He said that the Home Guards, even though they have worked for a long time, do not have the right to be employed full time or to be recognized as full time employees.
“We are confident to win Sohiong Constituency and this is according to the information received from the people working in the field because the people want the UDP to win Sohiong Constituency,” he said. let the Metbah.
According to the complaint of the woman, on the 13th July 2020, the poor woman wanted to go for a checkup to Shillong with the permission of the Rangbah Shnong.
The widespread mining of stone and shyïap across Meghalaya will put the state and its people in great trouble.
To release the services of Buses, Water, Electricity, Health Centres, and Sections to participate in the Recruitment Process and Pension Cells for the purpose of obtaining Life Certificate of Pensioners.
Many of us who have not yet been born in these years, so comes the stingy counting and the biria kai, so-and-so.
If the price of the food we use every day increases, it will be a problem for us.
A stupid person, a stupid person...who is selfish, doesn't think about others.
Shillong: The Raij Namdong under the leadership of Isidorius Pakma is now preparing to nominate a candidate for the 2023 MLA election with the aim of meeting the needs of the people of the 1st Nartiang Assembly Constituency.
The order to close the BSF camp at Umpling has been lifted from yesterday.
Let us form a government and see how far we can rule this MDA II government for the benefit of the people.
Modi first spoke to the bomb disposal team from Mawphlang and also took part in the dance of the Mawphlang bomb disposal team.
Democracy is “By the People and of the People” but in this MDA government, democracy has become “By the Politician and for the Religion”.
Speaking at an election campaign rally held in Nartiang constituency in which up to 9 villages came to participate, Bah Dhar said that Bah Ardent used to be a member of the United Democratic Party (UDP). UDP) and later joined the HSPDP, where he served as president.
Meanwhile, about 92 students have failed to write some subjects of class 12 and 15 students have not been able to write all subjects of class 12 due to the pandemic. Covid-19 and for these students who have failed to write the examination, the Ministry of Education has decided to hold the examination in the month of November and the Ministry will take the necessary action before informing the Kanpur: Known as 'Bappi Lahiri of UP', this man from Kanpur has sent a mask made of 'Bappi Lahiri' ksiar is already there.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah T.Lyngwa praised the hard work of the officers and employees who have worked hard to provide for the needs of the occasion.
Although the two HSPDP MLAs did not want to comment on the inability to form a government led by the UDP, which has 11 MLAs, sources said that They left their support for the NPP because the UDP leaders are stingy to form a government with ethnic parties.
“We have found from time to time that the District Council itself, although it has its own powers to protect the border, but it doesn't know about it, but it knows only to waste money,” he said.
The MCPC has decided to nominate Bah Mayborn Rapthap as the candidate from the constituency, after receiving the opinion and approval of Bah Julius K. Dorphang, former MLA of Mawhati Constituency.
Furthermore, these youths have given time to the government to complete this work within two months.
Therefore, the NPP's lack of need for other larger parties has strengthened it.
Aibor Tynsong said that although the MLA is not on the government side, the MDA government led by Conrad K. Sangma and Prestone Tynsong has completed the road. He said that even the road from Nongpoh to Umden will be constructed soon, as the funds have been received through the World Bank.
Before honoring these children, Bah Titoss, who was the chief guest, said that the achievements of the children are a great honor for the Sohra Sub Division.
– Taxi Fare from Point to point in Greater Shillong is prepared in accordance with the rate notified by the Government vide Notification No.TPT.91/80/749, dated 13th January , 2020.1.
The residents urged the Government to take action and resolve this issue and under the leadership of the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, the Revenue Department has been able to resolve this issue by issuing the residence permits. instead of Government.
His body was taken to Tura Civil Hospital for post mortem and army officials rushed to the hospital to investigate the incident.
We don't live only inside the church or the temple.
It is said that her circumcision, her own thylliej, was because of her faith.
Therefore, it was requested that all public meeting programs of any kind across the Seng Khasi branches should be suspended or postponed.
Maurice G Lyngdohiii.
North Garo Hills Leader Chisal R Sangma said the suspension of Shira was after the party had received a complaint from the Mendipathar Block Congress against him in July
He said that in fact only Hoping Lyngdoh had proposed to contest from the HSPDP, but he said that he had experienced in 2009, he did not succeed and he decided not to contest from any party. party but as a public candidate.
After the seizure of the vehicle by the Byrnihat Police Outpost, it was seen that the Police Chiefs from Shillong, rushed to Byrnihat to investigate the incident.
If anyone gives an account this is a gift just to satisfy you.
According to sources, 450 byrni of kwai were transported by two Tata trucks after arriving at Moreh from Myanmar.
“The election is a competition between us, here we live together and the election is for us, I don't think it is necessary for foreigners to come,” said the NPP leader. Shillong, Jymmang 17: U Amit Shah, Chief Minister of India, today, during his election campaign in Tura, alleged that Meghalaya is the most corrupt state in India.
They said that the CEO has explained that this is only an attempt to improve the traffic situation in Shillong.
Shillong, Naitung 24: Thousands of foreigners have applied for labor license from the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in the past three months.
Baitlang said that as voters or electors, they have the right to look after the leader so that he can provide services in the right way.
Bah Tynsong also handed over a letter to the Union Minister to assist in the allocation of funds to the state government in relation to forests.
In the evening, various programs were held including the distribution of prizes to the winners of various competitions and the distribution of gifts to the employees. Churches who have worked for more than 15 years and also the laying of the flag by Archbishop Rev Jala.
Jezerel Sangma (Full Contact Senior Men -51 kg), 3.
Referring to the incident in Baridua, Ken Syeim said that after the people did not agree with the decision of the Hima Mylliem on the Acting Rangbah Shnong, he suspended it.
Alhek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, said that a government should be elected that can rule fully whether in the Assembly or in the District Council.
The West Jaintia Hills Taxi Owners Association (WJHTODA) has decided to increase the fare by T.20 per hour and T.10 per hour.
If the ILP is not implemented this time, they will come and deceive and deceive the people again as if they are talking to children.
I would like to remind you before I conclude, a little bit about the BJP which has not given the ILP, but has tried to introduce the railway that will kill us and the Sma mitmit program which is planned to be introduced in around, I promise again, I will not give if I come to power.
To investigate the operation of the 108 vehicle carrying patients from War Jaintia, the members of the union went to inspect with their own eyes after receiving a complaint from the residents of the area and found that it was true. lack of operation and service of the 108 (Ambulance).
Shillong, June 23: The Khasi Author's Society (KAS) will hold a rally in Shillong on 5th June to announce the need for the recognition of the Khasi language. in the fourth chapter of the Constitution of the country and many other issues affecting the nation.
However, there are still some here and there who should show and clarify the facts and they are:- Rev.Dr.John Robert has been praised and honored, but why has what has been changed.
None so far.
The number of cases in India has risen to 1,583 today, bringing the total number of cases to 46,711, with 31,967 undergoing treatment and 13,160 recovered.
Expressing her gratitude to the troops, the Minister said, “Without the troops, this task would have been difficult because there are cases where the residents who are stranded in remote areas, where the bloodshed shall surround them.
“Mairang and Mawthadraishan Constituencies will understand later if the owners who have started working to develop the area end up and if others come who do not understand as they have done. already walking forward there will be many differences.
Therefore, in order to resolve this problem as soon as possible, the parts that blocked the flow of water into the canal have been immediately removed.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills today released the closure of the dam at Demseiniong, Nongsohphoh, Upper Mawprem and Lower Lachumiere, Hopkinson Road from Stephan Hall to Gold Gym. Maxwelton Estate from Harrison Bridge on the right, leading to Rilbong, to the house of Meghna Marak, opposite the Arts and Culture office, on the right of Captain Clifford Road to the house of JN Bawri.
These students have the highest CGPA in their respective fields.
The incident happened at 2:30 pm on a turning road before Sumer on the way to Shillong, when a gas truck with the number plate AS-06-F-9087, which is suspected to have been driving too fast, has gone to rob those who were nearby, until it has caused injuries to two persons, three vehicles. a small car and a shop.
Informing about this, after a meeting with the members of the three District Councils, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong said that the government land, the digitization of land and cantonment land, will be taken care of in another section.
Therefore, this issue is very important to continue the discussion and spread it to all the rural areas.
However, the authorities did not disclose the name of the 15-year-old boy as he is still a minor, but police have taken him away since Saturday for further investigation.
The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri, has expressed her deep sorrow over the passing away of Bah Kyndiah.
John Milton Saturday, U14 Event- Shot Put & Kids Javelin.
Those who attended the opening ceremony were witnessed by BSA President Sosthenes Sohtun, Jirang MLA, Victor Rani, MDC Jirang, Iaineh Wahlang, Secretary BSA and others. They were the elders of Byrnihat.
He added that the investigation team cannot order to continue his detention.
Paul said the government believes that the presence of KAS in its office will strengthen KAS in the struggle for the recognition of the Khasi language.
Following the incident, the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, CP Gotmare, said that as soon as he learned of the incident, he went to investigate and after the inspection, he gave advice to the department. The government has not lodged an Ejahar against those involved in the robbery.
These scholars gave their precious gifts with humble hearts, humility and respect.
From an early age, parents encourage their children to live a good life and spend their efforts to provide their children with a good education that can improve their lives. so that they will be good people when they grow up.
The wood used should be polished and painted well for easy cleaning.
The law defines and regulates the administration, justice, employment, religion and the personal life of man and woman.
According to sources, the incident occurred when the ASEB employee did not turn off the electricity supply when he went to repair a wire.
At the same time, he encouraged the children and youth to be self-respecting and diligent especially in their studies so that they can improve their skills. one stage to another and that their future will be bright.
Samla Aiborlang Khongjee who was the chief guest of the 4th Mawshun Inter Dong Football Tournament was held at Mawshun Sports and Cultural Club (MS&CC), Mawshun.
The Congress-led state government is still looking after the KHADC after the ethnic parties left the ruling PDF. The opposition, which has the same number, said that if the issue cannot be resolved, the government is not ready to introduce an Administrator.
According to the Chief Election Officer, Bah FR Kharkongor, 13848 voters have been removed from the list of voters due to their deaths. The voters have corrected the errors in their votes.
Many families have had to send their children to school and college and live on whatever they can.
With men it is impossible, but not with God: for with God all things are possible.
Jowai: The District Magistrate of West Meghalaya has confirmed that a woman working at Dowel Petrol Pump has tested positive for Covid-1 Jaintia Hills has declared the Dowel Dowel Petrol Pump at Ladthadlaboh Night and the house of Harbiancy Lamar at KNB Road Iawmusiang Jowai as containment areas from 5:00 am today. until September 9 at 5:00 am for four days.
When asked about the shortages of the area, Bah Ronnie said, “Mylliem needs a lot especially roads, water supply, tele-communication, uninterrupted electricity, health centres, schools and others. needs in this region and the state as a whole".
The previous O.M. dated 10.05.2022, did not take into account the share of posts that had been filled in the past.
Mr. Francis named me Albert Thyrniang Rangblang.
The Mizoram Home Ministry said that at the demarcation meeting held on 17th November, both the state governments have decided that Mizoram will provide the list of It was decided that the government should submit a report within the three months.
From the political parties to the village and civil society organizations, we have never been able to unite or support each other.
These MPs are Shillong MP Vincent H Pala, Tripura MP Dr R Roy, Assam MP H. Bey and Mizoram MP C Lalrosanga.
The Ministry of Home Affairs has received a report from the Political Department of the State Government on the peace talks, in which the HNLC has said that Ma Lahkmen Rymbui does not know.
UP & RMSA won the Under-17 Boys and Under-14 Boys categories.
“The Constitution of India allows for free protests under Articles 19 a, b and c.
The complainant admitted that the mining activities in relation to the coal were carried out by these seven companies without any license or permit.
Chyne said that tomorrow, 11th June, the EMs of Trade and Market together with the Syiem and the HFU leaders will visit Ïewduh at 8 pm to see the situation in the market. The Council has allocated funds to build and to destroy the illegal market dwellers in Ïewduh”.
DCP (Central Zone), M Rajesh Chandra, said that 11 bodies were found in the shop.
They want them to receive the same salary as AIIM, ie Risk Allowance, travel expenses, telephone expenses and so on.
The MBCC leaders handed over all the necessary documents to the chairman and expressed their decision that they want the ticket to go to Bah Shangpliang.
God has paid for Satan with the blood of His Son (Jesus Christ) because God loves man so much that He has to pay with the power of the blood of His Son Jesus Christ. God.
Of the 3,741 deaths, Maharashtra (682) and Karnataka (451) have died.
Therefore, the Shnong urges the land owners who have left their land to take this notice so that it will not cause them any problems in the future.
“We are ready to call for talks with them this month but it seems that some members of the HPC are not available.
Marak who is a former MCS and MPS officer.
This comes after Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau in recent months said there was doubt that India could be involved in the killing of the terrorist. citizens of Canada.
The pilot of the plane, which crashed in the Java Sea yesterday, was Indian Bhavye Suneja, the Indian government office in Indonesia said.
He said that this competition is not only about taking part in the competition, but the main thing is the goal and the goal is to empower women and to protect the environment.
The soldiers said that the trade is in full swing as it is the time of Eid for Muslims.
Publicity Secretary, Brayen Kharpor, Discipline Secretary Kelba Rymbai and Adviser Ribanroy Lyngdoh.
Which other parties have been able to bring many benefits to the people? There is no NPP can't it? Mr. Question said.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR), Umiam, in collaboration with the Inner Wheel Club of Shillong and the Meghalaya Youth Foundation (ICAR) has distributed seeds to farmers and farmers. of Mawpyrshong Village on the 30th of November at 11:00 pm.
There is also a footpath that is covered with stones, a bridge.
Victor Ranee said that Ma Ngaitlang Dhar has been a strong pillar for the party and an architect in the present MDA government. If it weren't for the wise leadership of Ma Ngaitlang Dhar, the present MDA government would not have been as strong as it is now.
Seven students of Assam Engineering College, Guwahati have lost their lives in a car accident on Sunday night, Assam Police said. Blei didn't finish.
Nongpoh: Taking note of the complaint lodged by many poor families from different villages and those who have not yet registered their names in the Adhaar Card list, today the leaders of the Ri Bhoi Youth Organization ( RBYO), have met with the officer in charge of the Food Civil Supply Department in Ri Bhoi, for more information on the matter.
He also urged the players to work hard and not to lose heart in their journey despite the criticism but they should continue to work hard until they reach victory.
KSU Mawlai Circle General Secretary Rapborlang Nongrum said that it is sad to see that the companies did not attend the meeting convened by the CEM. The KSU will urge the KHADC to take action against them.
"These are not questions to just accuse people of, and we don't want this to keep happening," she adds.
Bora said that on 11th November, the Government's statement was accepted by the Court.
On the other hand, Bah Kronsing Nongbsap said, “If the government doesn't surprise the people, the river will be filled with garbage and hands and smell from Shillong”.
Daphimon Khyriem (20 & 46) scored two goals while Dakini Shylla (8), Beatify Shylla (29) and Eiladki Ksoo (31) scored the third goals.
Shillong: Police have registered a case in connection with the death of six persons at a coal mine in East Jaintia Hills District.
She said that there are still many films made from the North Eastern States which have been selected for this award.
According to the NGT, the pH of the water has reached below 3, which means that if the cobra drinks the water, it will die.
The Dorbar Shnong has also directed the relatives of the refugees to send the names of the refugees who have come to rest temporarily at their homes and has also directed them to inform at the time of their departure. from the boundary of the city.
Speaking to media, after the meeting with the Minister, the President of the Union, Kong Kong Kong Microlina Syiemlieh said that the Minister has informed them that the selection of a new company to run the project. “We strongly urge the Minister to take action by taking over and running the EMRI by the government. 108 in the state after the old company failed to provide adequate services,” said the President.
“These companies have been ordered to cut off the electricity supply to Meghalaya until they pay the debt,” he added.
Biden is also in Pennsylvania.
Jowai: The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District has issued an order to close down the Iawmusiang, Iaw Shyiap, Iaw Chor and Iaw Seiñ due to the increase in the spread of Covid-1 Raij from midnight on the 2nd until further notice.
Amitabh Bachchan has announced that he will pay the loans of 850 farmers in Uttar Pradesh and the 76-year-old Bachchan said he has already paid the loans of 350 farmers. yes Maharashtra.
The rally was led by Bah Nover Sumer, Chairman of the Union of Villages, and Aristotle Nongspung, President. Youth Wing of 6 Villages, Orda Mary Lynshing, Secretary Women Wing of 6 Villages, Bah Orky Kharumnuid, Rangbah Shnong of Mawkynring and many others.
Ms Matsiewdor said that since July 15, there has been a warning to the residents across the state of heavy rainfall and other disasters that may occur due to heavy rainfall.
Shillong: A local taxi driver has caught fire at Rhino this evening.
The statement that teachers misuse students shows that he views students as children who have no mind and cannot make decisions for themselves.
When asked how this order will be implemented because even after the issuance of the Odd-Even order, commercial vehicles are still running, she said, “We will implement this, we have some of the troubles of the past, now there is nothing left, and we will do what we have to do.
Carmel said that the passage of the Bill was not in accordance with the rules of public hearing, consultation but the Executive Committee has attacked. I don't have the power to pass the way I shouldn't.
To surprise mankind, we must not sleep lyngai in forty kinds of troubles, lest the sorrows of the heart afterwards never end.
Bantei Iakai scored the first goal for Shangpung Lumiawmuchai in the 19th minute and Eliser scored the second goal for Shangpung Lumiawmuchai FC in the 19th minute. Suiam in the 88th & 90th minutes.
So their sin remains on them.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Androny Lyngkhoi Technical Associate, Food Processing Department said that the aim of the project is to train women to make ashar. Many of the ashar manufacturers especially those who sell on the National Highways do not do the right thing from the packaging, the price, the date of manufacture and the expiry date. FSSAI License Number and others that this has caused concern to many especially foreigners, it is on this basis that as ashar manufacturers to improve and improve the manufacturing and marketing of ashar through This project is a training.
Therefore, the union urges the government through this committee to take action to remove the kharmetor from Them Iew Mawlong without delay. There is a lot of peace in the market and in the city of Shillong as a whole, the statement said.
Marak said that regarding the river water, the National Green Tribunal has set up the River Rejuvenation Committee after an article in the Hindu newspaper on bun that garbage".
The Jaintia National Council (JNC) has strongly criticized the MLAs of Jaintia Hills District over the proposal to build a railway line in East Jaintia Hills District.
“How can they buy land if they are not citizens of Meghalaya? What will the Government do against these people and ban them from buying land in Ri-Bhoi?” he asked.
“I appreciate the decision taken by the Prime Minister to abolish the 500 and 1000 notes, because when you want to build a new house, you have to remove the old ones first,” said the UDP president. He admitted that the purpose of removing these 1000 and 500 notes is to prevent counterfeit money, theft and illegal activities.
Dr RC Laloo has been awarded the Food and Civil Supplies, Election, Home Passport, Revenue and Disaster Management, Science and Technology and Reorganisation.
The meeting was attended by the Executive Members of both the Autonomous Councils.
The hearing has been scheduled for 3rd March.
This was announced by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma in the House in reply to a question by Nongstoin MLA Gabriel Wahlang during the Question Hour on Tuesday.
Although Meghalaya lost in the final, Rajat Paul Lyngdoh, who is the goalkeeper of Meghalaya, won the title of Best Goalkeeper of the Championship and the Best Goalkeeper of the Championship. Karnataka's Robin Yadav won the Best Player of the Championship title.
Therefore, there can be no discrimination and it is not right to discriminate against women, otherwise there will be confusion and destruction of society.
The incident happened while all the people in the house were sleeping and they did not hear the robbers breaking into their house. until they were robbed of their money and carjacked, having stolen away the key, which they kept in the house.
Marak said the GHSMC wants to separate the state by consensus.
Earlier, he also inaugurated two newly constructed roads from the Arts and Culture Hall of the Assembly to the house of S.Paul and another from the PWD road to the Women's Hostel of Sankar Dev College. , Kench's Trace.
And for a while he was lost and remained a child in dangle.
As the days go by, we see that as the government has gradually strengthened its measures in terms of traffic control, people have started to walk and stand again as well and also the presence of the number of cases has also started to decrease.
Brightstar launched the MCSWA Website. Before the meeting, there was a Bible reading and prayer by Rev.D.Lyngdoh, a welcome speech by Sunita Sunu. Dr. Joanietta Shullai, Director & Founder of MCSWA gave a speech and AJ Nongkynrih, Chief Functioner MCSWA gave a welcome speech. Certificates were distributed to those who have completed the Tailoring Course and also to those who have completed piggery.
Former Germany defender Karl-Heinz Schnellinger, who represented his country four times in the World Cup, died in Italy on Sunday evening at the age of .
Because to date, out of the 54 Himas - including the 25 Khasi States - the KHADC authorities have already drafted 19 Hima Acts and many of these 19 Himas do not have Rules. to make Acts and Rules for 35 Himas including Acts and Rules of Raids, Shnongs and especially Dorbar Kurs.
These include EJH: 1, EKH: 15, WGH: 10 and WKH:
Shillong: The Consultative Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) comprising MDCs, lawyers and experts today held its last meeting to take a final decision on the amendment of the rules and regulations of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Khasi Social Custom Lineage Bill, 2018 and there are 14 amendments in the bill and these amendments will be sent to the Executive Committee for action.
The release of ‘Survive’, will draw from the band’s tropes the surprises that will be contained in the 11 songs that are now being released one after the other.
There are many rules and one is that they must run 5 kilometers for men within 24 minutes and 3 kilometers for women within 14 minutes.
She recalled that as a young girl she started entering the tournament at the age of 15 but at that time she did not receive much support from her family.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15 : Up to 185 leaders from four political parties in Shillong North constituency including the BJP, NPP, UDP and TMC have left to support the Congress party. for the 2023 elections.
Although it has not been able to function properly or convene Dorbars according to the Rules, the Khasi National Dorbar has been able to celebrate its 100th Anniversary in one day. 4th September 2023 at the Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar, Shillong.
It is on this basis that even if the Board issues another 40 orders, the management of the factory will not listen at all and the damage will be to the residents of the area, the environment and and after forty years the people shall be astonished, and shall say, Why is this so?
A Jury of the following members representing themselves for films, and related films, representing the Indian film industry.
As soon as we caught him, we took good care of him, but today we handed him over to the Wildlife Department in Nongpoh, so that they can do whatever is necessary. that they may go back to the wilderness.
“We don't know that the market will be beautiful before the arrival of the prime minister because he has informed people in advance. The woman, who did not want to be named, spoke to this reporter.
Those arrested are 13 from ACS, 3 from APS and 3 from other departments.
In preparation for this great day from Saturday 31st July 2019, more than 1000 Small Church Leaders (SBC) have arrived at the same time as part of the training. “Small Church Leaders in their villages and townships because the strength of Salonsar Church depends on the strength of Small Churches,” said Father Manbha Pakem. .
“Even the Mizos have turned to the border areas and the Nagas have also entered the border of Assam,” Kurmi said.
There is a song that says, "Wat lah wahduid kin turn umsaw, baieid ia phi mung fort" and this incident happened, in which the two went on with their marriage, even though the writes, you have the coronavirus.
Shillong, July 08: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Timothy D. Shira, on Tuesday expressed confidence that the National People's Party (NPP) will return to power in
There are also government employees who do not receive more salaries and other informal sector employees.
As of yesterday, 11,392 people have recovered from COVID-19 in the state and 118 people have died.
Shillong, June 04: TBN Noel Stone Thomas Khongji, the first MLA of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly (MLA), was buried today at the Pynthorumkhrah Presbyterian Church Cemetery.
We as students who have online classes request those in charge of the jio network to please improve it so that we can attend classes.
Speaking at the meeting, Sinam Prakash said that the Act was implemented 56 years ago but it has not been amended yet, as stated by the Minister of Home Affairs, GB Pant. In 1958, he was elected to Parliament.
“I will be happy if I receive the complaints because I will be able to investigate myself to find out the facts and if found out, those contractors who use old pipes will lose their jobs,” he said. .
The inspection was led by KSU Education Secretary Justice Paul Lyngdoh, KSU-JH Organizing Secretary Leningard Tariang and members of KSU Jowai Circle.
She also believes that when children receive this honor, they will learn to use it properly for something good that will be able to lift them up.
To communicate with polite words is the way.
Speaking on the occasion, S.Tariang, Vice President, MBS&G-West Jaintia Hills, said that the Foundation Day is also a time to remember the founder of the movement, Lord Baden Powel and the pioneers. the Seng in the Country and the State.
In this regard, the Raj Bhavan in Shillong has prepared for the live broadcast of the 100th episode of Mann Ki Baat.
When asked about this, Kharkrang said, “We don't know what the government is planning because even the High Court is involved, so we don't know how the government will do this. “It's the wisdom of the government,” said Bah Kharkrang.
He said the State has an Education Commission and he believes that Meghalaya has the experts who can give the best advice.
This happens all over the world and many students and even fellow teachers accept this.
The Director of Educational Research and Training (DERT) JP Lakiang has lodged a complaint with the Laitumkhrah Police Station alleging that there are such people who demand money from teachers. He informed the police that these people called through the following phone numbers: 8274811311, 8651937021, 9748932668, 9903539075,
Father Sangma said that the illegal activities in Garo Hills have severely affected the people especially the rural areas.
“We feel that this issue should be resolved through mutual understanding,” said Bah Nongphlang and added that in the meeting with the DM&HO, he said that the task of appointing the land owner has been there was but it was the government that procrastinated.
Meanwhile, on the entry and exit point, the Chief Minister said that the construction work at Umpling is progressing well.
Cruise's budget for the film is reportedly £430 million and in recent days he has retired from a headache and moved into a £30,000 house. Cruise will remain in the UK until he completes the film Mission: Impossible.
It is believed that this is the worst attack on crops in the last 26 years.
Shillong: Speaking to Rupang, Umroi MLA George B Lyngdoh, who is also the Opposition Chief Whip, said that the round statue erected at the Legislative Assembly building in Mawdiangdiang, has collapsed. He said that the Legislative Assembly used to be called the only house of the state and if it fails during the construction period, it is a great shame for the state.
Police have seized 298 bottles of Phensedyl from these smugglers.
“Male Below 55 Kgs 1st – Roderick Lyngdoh (EKH) 2nd – Tridentstar Snaitang (EKH) 3rd – Brandon Basaiawmoit (Ekh), Below 65 Kgs 1st – Jimmison Marwein (SWKH) 2nd – Libitikos Lyngdoh (Ri Brang – Maldini) EWKH), Below 75 Kgs 1st – Pynskhemborlang Marngar (WKH) 2nd – Tolammame Mylliempdah (EKH) 3rd – Karak T.Sangma (EGH), Below 85 Kgs 1st – Brandon Tariang (EKH) 2nd – Hiamdor – PanH) 3rd (WKH) M.Marak (SWGH) Above 85 Kgs 1st – Mebansan Sangma (SWKH) 2nd – Pynshailang Narlong (Ri Bhoi) 3rd – Wilynder Khonglam (WJH).
The figures show that the need for drug users in the state has increased and the department is still collecting accurate figures on this,” he said.
Dr. Mukul's visit to Delhi was not only for the resignation of Roshan but also to seek advice from Congress leaders and to discuss issues related to Deborah Marak. , which is one of the issues to be discussed in the Legislative Assembly during the Dorbar Tlang, said sources.
“The Mawjymbuin Crematorium has been under the care of the Dorbar Shnong for generations,” said the General Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong, Bah PW Shangpliang.
It is understood that the UDP may nominate the son of Dr Donkupar Roy in the mid-term elections in the coming months.
I myself use the Jait of the Kur Woman, now that I am old I have seen the massacre that has massacred the purity of this Jait of the Kur Woman until it is destroyed. I have humbled myself before the Fathers of the earth.
Another elder, who did not want to be named, said that once the forest officials tried to go to some rnga burning places in West Khasi Hills to stop, but they were beaten. stones at the incense burners until they had to flee the scene.
Tellme Mulieh (36' & 58') scored the only goals.
India's major cities have risen sharply in recent days over the number of cases of coronavirus and Delhi has risen to 7,000 cases for the first time today. first time of the highest number of cases this year.
Archbishop Andrews Thazhath, who met Modi on Tuesday, extended Christmas greetings on behalf of the Catholics of the country.
The band has performed around the US, Canada, Germany, the UK, Denmark, the Netherlands, Japan, Australia, Mexico, Russia, Poland, Ukraine, the UAE, Brazil, Chile. , Argentina, South Africa, El Salvador, Norway, Finland and others.
“In the last meeting between the government and the HPC leaders, we also demanded 200 sqft of land per family and funds to build a house, but till now nothing has been done. We have not received any answer on this issue and not even a blueprint.
“After waiting but it didn't work, we agreed to work with them (NPP).
The news that FIFA has suspended the All India Football Federation (AIFF) has been suspended by the All India Football Federation (AIFF). party.
When asked, Conrad said that if the ILP is implemented, it will not affect the Sixth Scheduled in the state, as it differs from one another.
“It is for this reason that the UDP strongly opposes the implementation of the AFPSA in Garo Hills because it is the government that will do this.
Shillong: A child has died after being hit by a dumper truck in Purakhasia village in West Garo Hills on Saturday.
It is obvious that the rules of the District Council are not strict, as foreigners are allowed to trade without even getting a license from the District Council.
“I don't love you anymore...” he replied. These words kept ringing in Rida's mind.
Gandhi was convicted of saying, "How can it be that all thieves belong to the Modi clan" during an election campaign speech was held in 2019.
The ERO has also informed all the residents of the 26th Shella and 28th Sohra (ST) Assembly Constituencies that they can apply through Form 6, Form 7, Form 8A and Form 6A in person at the Electoral Office. Registration Officer until 29th June,
Not only that, Bah Lyngdoh does not forgive the involvement of the police and coal traders in looting the rights of the people.
“When we arrived at Mawshibuit village at 12:30 pm, we handed over the suspect to two relatives who lived with him.
This shows that there is no relationship with this party,” he said.
When we look at the Ri-lyngngam area, it is one of the other areas in Ri-Hynniewtrep, and this area is rich in wildlife and wildlife. They enjoy going into the forest to eat wild fruit especially in the months of July and November when they start eating wild fruit every year.
Meghalaya started to lose their minds at the beginning of the match, but the defenders managed to save the goal.
Singapore airlines said QZ8501 lost contact with Jakarta Air Traffic Control at 07:24 local time.
Michael Pakyntein and his team were the biggest supporters of Paul Lyngdoh in the last elections.
In the last match of the day, Mookyndur beat Khimusniang 1-0
For more information please call 8794815473 (Education Secretary) and 7628071549 (President).
This is to free the farmers from the destruction of the various crops produced by the state; at the same time it will also provide employment opportunities to the people across the state.
He informed that the Government of Meghalaya has allocated up to T.100 crore per annum for the Solar Mission.
This car is a Maruti S-Presso.
Rijoice Lamat, Staff Nurse of the hospital, gave the welcome speech.
Latwor Youth Church, Sohkha Youth Church, Samatan Youth Church and Lad Basic Youth Church, Kairang Youth Church, Maskhal Youth Church, Moodymmai Neiñ Youth Church and Stay Choir .
Shillong: U Bah HS Shylla, Chief Executive Member of the Khasi District Council, today said that uranium mining will no longer happen in the state. Division (AMD), who met with the leaders of KHADC yesterday.
Besides, Chauhan said the Government has also taken many measures to improve the airports in the State.
On the same day, Bah Charles Marngar and the leaders of ATSUMSC, who met with the heads of the electricity department in Umiam, expressed their concern to the SE of Ri Bhoi Distribution Circle. They requested him to take action to provide electricity to these villages, so that it will be convenient for the people living in this area.
Chaudhary continued to bat hard but lost his partner and scored 78 not out to lead the team to score 176 runs in 48.3 overs. .
On the government's preparation of the ordinance, Lapang said the government cannot turn a blind eye to the ordinance and therefore, it has introduced an ordinance to temporarily resolve the issue until another one is resolved.
The girl is currently undergoing treatment at the Sao Lucas Hospital in Patos de Minas, where she was treated for a head injury.
Under the Juvenile Justice Act, the word arrest cannot be used, but the word batch cannot be used and children cannot be arrested or chained. Speaking at a meeting with police and journalists on the Interactive Session of the Juvenile Justice Board (JJB), Sneha said. , 2015.
After that, they also tried to fall under the Rynjah, but they were rejected.
“The Government of India should implement the issues related to our people and we do not accept the proposal to mine uranium in the state,” he said.
Only three MLAs, Rowell Lyngdoh, Chief Secretary, Kennedy Khyriem, Parliamentary Secretary and Salseng C Marak attended the meeting. while many others gave the excuse that they could not reach because of the excessive snowfall.
“We have already directed the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi district to visit the area and talk to the Assam authorities on this incident,” he said.
Nongpoh, March 24: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has set up a toll gate at Baridua, Ri Bhoi District to check only foreign traders who do not have a toll gate. The Trading Licence, while the village leaders of Baridua, have expressed their opposition by alleging that the tax collection point set up by the KHADC, collects taxes even from the indigenous people.
This year's “The 2022 Caving in the Abode of the Clouds Expedition” was very successful after the outbreak of COVID-19 as 19 people came to take part. from the UK, Ireland, Austria, the Netherlands, the United States, from other states of India, and members of the Meghalaya Adventurers' Association (MAA).
How then shall I believe? If this is the case with the Minister, can we still imagine that the ASHAs will have to stop providing services just because they demand an increase in their salaries? The Government pays monthly salary tests to ASHAs and implements the “ASHA First” Application for salary payments under the National Health Mission (NHM) to ensure that ASHA workers receive salary tests. It was also informed that the hardest working ASHA workers receive a salary of T.7000 to T.8000 per month.
The two-day session was allocated for the completion of the work of the government and one day was allocated for the opposition.
Shillong, Naitung 10: Three candidates have contested for the post of Sordar of Raid Mawshun in Riwar Pynursla.
Under Caudrat's leadership, the BFC also set many records.
The price hike is not only for electricity but also for food items such as rice, dai and sugar. The price of jhur has increased dramatically, as has the price of meat.
· All activities, except the following, are allowed outside the containment zone:i.
Formalin is used to treat fish when sent from the states where it is produced to other states where it is eaten because it is far away to be transported by trucks and it takes time to reach the buyers. more.
The girl, who did not have the money to call her parents, about the incident, called 108 and Alleans Sangma, Emergency. The Response Officer (ERO) has been able to talk to the father of the girl, who said that she was raped by the man who kidnapped her and immediately informed the police. Police through the Control Room, Shillong, have reported the incident to Dimapur.
All the knockout matches are scheduled to be played at the Army Service Corps (ASC) Centre.
Many farmers also cannot plant Messiah or crops without land.
According to media reports, the weight of the machine is about 2 tonnes.
In Mizoram, the Mizo National Front government led by the former rebel leader has elected the Zoram Peoples Movement, a coalition of seven ethnic parties. The MNF, which turned from a rebel party into a political party in 1986 after Mizoram gained its own state, has rejected the unfair and unjust activities of the MNF.
Through this statement, the Seng urges the State Government especially the Minister in charge of PWD to direct the officers of the department to inspect the site, so that measures can be taken. ways to prevent the collapse of this lumbah which is now on the verge of collapse.
The opening ceremony was attended by Conrad Sangma, President of the NPP, Vivek Raj Wangkhem, General Secretary of the NPP, Dr.S. James K. Sangma, MLA Dadenggre (ST) Constituency, CB Syiem, NPP candidate from Nongpoh, Sosthenes Sohtun, Jirang candidate, HS Shylla from Nongkrem. , NPP leaders in the state, district and thousands of people who came to witness the opening ceremony of the NPP office. CB Syiem, Bah HS Shylla, James K. Sangma and others, in their opening speeches, gave a special greeting to Dr. DD Lapang, in which they said, “We love and respect you. Bah Lapang, who was one of the pioneers and heroes, not only the District should honor him, but the state as a whole should honor him and we should not say anything against him. for he is a wise and understanding man.
The Government has set up special vehicles to transport poor women from their homes when it is time for them to give birth at hospitals.
However, when it comes to their laws, there are differences.
Musaddilal Jewelers in Hyderabad and Vijaywada, owned by Kailash Gupta, Balaji Gold, co-owned by Pavan Agarwal, and another company were searched. Ashta Laxmi Gold, owned by Neel Sunder Tharad.
In the first match which started at 11:30 pm, Sohryngkham SC and Laitlyngkot SC drew 1-0 goals each.
He said that the youths who are skilled in these competitions will have the opportunity to lead the district to the State Level and also to the National and International Youth Exchange Programmes.
He said that the agreement between the state government, the Indian government and the Bangladesh government is a violation of the Right to Fair Compensation and Transparency in Land Acquisition, Rehabilitation and Resettlement Act, The Nehru-Noon Agreement 1958 stipulates that the Zero Line will be located in the middle of the Wah.
This was brought under the Rules of Procedure of the House.
For we are not able to speak against others with foreign languages.
He said about 1400 cows were imported from Assam, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and Nepal every day.
After a thorough investigation, it was found that the Bangladeshi was a cow thief and also worked in the coal mines.
The Meghalaya Police (MLP) candidates who have been applying for the post of Meghalaya Police (MLP) since 2019, have come out to hold a protest to sit at Mot Kiang Nangbah near Civil. The hospital has demanded from the Chief Minister, especially the Home Minister in charge of the Police Department, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, that they should expedite this demand and they have set a deadline of two months for the government to Announce the results.
Shillong, Nailur 12: U Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit, MLA Nongkrem, today led the people to stop the border crossing by the army. It is located in Lum Shyllong, which is located in the village of Rngi.
I have read an article written by two PARARI, Bah Purningstar Shabong and Bah P Sohkhlet who talked about the song “RI KHASI RI KHASI” written by KPA KA. Rev.Dr.John Robert is the father of Khasi literature.
The Police Commemoration Day is also a day to commemorate the 10 policemen who lost their lives on March 21, 1959 in Ladakh while fighting with the Chinese troops due to the border dispute.
In India, the total number of cases has risen to 1,12,359, with 63,624 still infected, 45,299 recovered and 3,435 deaths.
“We hope that the law enforcement agencies will do what is necessary because the children did not lie and the injury was obvious," she said.
The High Court said the case required a thorough and thorough investigation by an independent agency.
Sarma, a lawyer, has been with the BJP for a long time and is also a member of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh and the Vishva Hindu Parishad.
India has taken major steps to improve access to affordable health care through newer schemes under the National Health Policy,
Shillong: On the fourth day of the Synrai Dorbar on 15th November 2021, the Congress MLAs sitting in the opposition in the Legislative Assembly have left the Legislative Assembly to protest against the The Short Duration Discussion was held by Bah Process T Sawkmie on the demand for the suspension of the police chiefs involved in the rape of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew. on the 13th of November 2021 at his residence in Mawlai Kynton Massar.
Mumbai: The arrest of Aryan Khan, son of Shah Rukh Khan, has sparked a stir today with the head of the Narcotics Control Department. The NCB has been accused of demanding Rs 25 crore from Shah Rukh Khan to release his eldest son on bail.
"Ka Banse kaThom iaka Sang" as someone says, I immediately broke the siej fence in order to get sha by asking against the trep.
Shillong, November 14: The Minister of State for Sports, Bah Shaliar Warjri today announced that the government has allocated Rs 23 crore for the Meghalaya Games to be held at Tura from 15th to 20th July,
Looking at the villages in the northern Byrnihat area, including the Assam side, it was found that the roads are blocked as all the village roads in the area have been closed and in many places of these areas. There were also young men on duty to prevent the entry and exit of foreigners.
The medical team of Woodland WK Hospital Jowai on 9th November, conducted a Pre-Christmas Medical Camp under the leadership of Dr. Werlok Kharshiing, Chairman of Woodland Group of Hospitals Jowai. in the district of West Jaintia Hills.
These Union Ministers expressed their pleasure that they have had the opportunity to visit these villages and especially when they have had the opportunity to talk to the people or village leaders at such places. village.
Erwin K Syiem Sutnga, Prominent Lawyer of the State, has lodged a complaint on 7th June, 2023 with the Sadar Police Station in Shillong regarding the spread on social media. The documentary “The Shillong File: Core Issues Ep.97” which created racial and religious discrimination.
A similar accident was witnessed between an Assam vehicle (AS-06-W-7870) and a vehicle (WB-74-BD-0 , in which it happened on a road near Shangbangla and which is also the road used by vehicles going up and down, as the other side is still under repair.
On the other hand, it supports the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, who has stood firm against the NOC. to mine uranium.
Regarding the amount of money they should receive from the Covid-19 duty, he promised to take action to expedite the distribution of this money.
This happened last Saturday night.
The project was started 20 years ago by former Jowai MLA (L) Sing Mulieh, former Deputy CM Dr RC Laloo who brought water to Sohmynting. The incumbent MLA Wailadmiki Shylla has completed the water supply to Jowai after paying the bills of MePDCL which amounted to more than T.50 lakh for the supply of electricity.
He said that out of deep sorrow over this tragic incident, as a leader of the people, he has informed the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong and urged the The State Government should expedite the delivery of relief goods to those families who have been severely affected and also to take special care not to affect those families who have lost their homes in this incident.
During the interrogation, he confessed that he had thrown the SLR rifle into the forest and led the police to search for it.
On the 24th of November, a meeting was held at the Dorbar Hall of Chilliangraij Village as part of the celebration of the 11th Anniversary of the Khynroo Khyllood Chilliangraij Niamtre Committee.
“It's been two days since I died, so on Saturday morning at 8 o'clock in the morning, I died,” said the old man.
This place should be completely transformed.
At the time of Rajendra Singh's reign, and it was in the same year that the British took over the Jayanta Pargana and Gobha and merged them. one with Sylhet and the other with Nowgong.
These 52 students were awarded with awards and certificates for passing well in the 11 month training and the subjects taught by the Department of Soil and Water Conservation. including soil science, agronomy, botany, forest engineering, survey & leveling, forest mensuration, forest utilization, forest law, wildlife, forest silviculture and others.
Speaking on the occasion, Delina Khongdup expressed her pleasure to participate in this occasion along with the women of the organization and the youth of the village.
The reason why the Church walks according to the will of the people is because of the lack of work of the Holy Spirit in that Church, and because it is in the will of the people. that the Church may not be displeased with the will of the people, if God is displeased, it is so.
If you don't work hard to win our heritage, don't come to Bah Paul or Dr Aman,” he said.
“The new OM states that the Roster System will be implemented from now on,” he said.
He said that besides the indoor stadium, there will also be a football ground with a capacity of 30,000 spectators, and other facilities.
These indigenous groups are the Khasi Seng in Khasi Hills and the Sein Raij or Niamtre in Jaintia Hills.
Manipur have now failed to reach the semi-finals after losing both times.
The meeting was conducted by DHS (MI) Dr. R. Wankhar, followed by speeches by B. Khriam, Member Secretary, DLSA, VG Kynta, Senior Advocate, Dr. Sohkhlet, Dr. Syngkon-Addl. Superintendent MIMHANS, Bah A.Kharumnuid Chairman DLSA. Shortly after, a meeting was held between the patients and the lawyers who distributed food to them.
“We are now waiting for their promise to come true,” said MCAUPS Secretary Tyrnit Pdein.
The film will be screened at Bijou Cinema Hall, Khyndailad, Shillong from 26th June at 11:30 am, 2:00 pm and 5:00 pm.
Besides, the influx of foreign authorities and foreigners into Meghalaya has increased while there are no rules and regulations to curb them”.
It will also be the first time of the Green Image Junior Crew from Byrnihat, Ribhoi District under the coaching of Kitbok Lyngdoh and Everett Manner.
Besides the speakers including Ban PN Syiem who spoke at the ceremony, Bah RL Blah Secretary of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs recalled that when the Rangbah Shnongs first went to meet the Governor He said that the Governor has put questions and questions to the Rangbah Shnongs. He said that the Union of Rangbah Shnongs is the 17th group to meet him in the state since He said that other groups who have met him have alleged that the Rangbah Shnongs are the most dirty and corrupt people in the state. just demand money.
However, now there has been an allegation especially from the ministers in the opposition that Pa'iem Ricky has forgotten to dig a hole in the ground where Mawdatbaki has been buried but has turned his attention only to the churches.
In terms of roads and highways, there will be about 3,500 kilometers by the end of this year.
Evergreen Mukhla beat Evergreen Mukhla 2-0 in the quarter final match played at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai on Friday.
He said that the opening of the Agri Lay-bye Market will be of great benefit not only to the shopkeepers in the area, but also to the farmers. because they can bring their produce to that place.
This time, this program will benefit the Census Towns.
At the same time, a complaint has been lodged with the Officer In-Charge, Amlarem Police Station for further action.
Police have recovered these ammunition after receiving a tip that some people know the places where the GNLA is hiding ammunition. D Shira along with four others and it was under their leadership that these weapons were recovered.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on 19th June said that an All-Party Meeting was held to discuss the Roster System in which many members of various political parties expressed their views on the Roster System. pleased after seeing in detail the explanation of the Roster system.
Shillong: On the 3rd of this month at 11:45 pm, a youth called the 108 Emergency Response Centre. BSNL and said that he wanted to commit suicide.
“We have also had the opportunity to inform the Governor of the excessive salary which costs only T.400 tyngka per day in this world where the salary has been spent only on the fare.
Earlier, Kong A.Swer, General Secretary of the Red Cross, Shillong, said that the Red Cross in the state has never been well known and many people don't even know that it is a Red Cross. Red Cross'.
But God came to Abimelech in a dream in a dream, and told Abimelech that all the evil that he had done to Abraham was evil.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, which was held by Bah AL Hek, has been handed over to Bah Tynsong, who will also hold other departments, which he has held since the beginning.
The Minister said the SIT would submit its report within six days from the date of issuance of the notice of inquiry and added that the government trusts the officers and there should be no doubt about this.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 44382 out of which 38792 have recovered and 771 have died.
Princess Rashir, a journalist for EastMojo, was returning from Iewduh while recording a video from Lad Umsohsun when a policeman ran and jumped from the railing to steal her mobile phone. I didn't ask you anything.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 49 new cases have been confirmed and 639 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
Earlier, there were two other rangiakura of the State, but they were defeated.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Eveningstar Nongsiang, Chairman of the new JAC, said that the purpose of the JAC is to strengthen the struggle. against the establishment of coal mines in the Shallang area.
The ST Morcha was formed by the BJP to ensure the welfare of all the indigenous people by the BJP in the state.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that those who take foreign quarrying will have to pay 100% of the license fee. in court.
In the secret ballot, Lucas M Shylla, Rangbah Shnong, won by 53 votes against Liyo Dkhar, who received 249 votes.
In the third round, Novak faced Lorenzo Musetti; In 2021, Novak defeated Musetti in five sets at Roland Garros and is also a two-time champion at the tournament. the goal of victory in 2013 and
“When we talked about the nature of Hinduism or Hindutva, the idea of ​​preserving Hinduism, he said that we are not talking only about one religion, but for Hindus everyone. “The citizens are Hindus and they believe that they are Hindus and the Hindu culture is the way of life and culture,” said the RSS chief. the countries of the world to accept the chapters of human life and to accept many other nations from other religions.
Nine cases have been reported in Tamil Nadu, seven in Madhya Pradesh, three in Kerala, two in Punjab and Gujarat and one each in Andhra Pradesh, Odisha, Rajasthan, Jammu and Karnataka.
Christians, on the other hand, are the virgins who will follow Jesus.
From time to time, he said, he has to go to Wahshyrkhmut PHC to treat people and to consult with the doctors at the PHC on treatment.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (Ri Bhoi Youth Federation, Western Zone) has demanded from the government to provide an Ambulance 108 at Patharkhmah CHC. The 108 Ambulance, which is still adequate and capable of serving the people of Ri Bhoi Sepngi.
Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of the union said that earlier the dorbar was held at the Library Hall but now it has been held at the Arts and Cultures Hall.
Banjop Transparent Collection.
They will be saved until Jesus comes down from heaven – to Jerusalem on Mount Zion.
He said this could be done with the cooperation of the Iraqi army.
The tournament will continue on Tuesday when Kick Start Academy will face Lawei Smit SC at 2:30 pm while Synroplang 77 will face Maw U Tieng SC at 4:15 pm. evening.
Shillong, Lber 20: Four MLAs of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) have expressed their opposition to the Hindi speech of the Governor, u Phagu Chauhan delivered his opening remarks in the Governor's Address.
The TIPRA Motha leaders also alleged that the Village Council elections scheduled for October, 2021 have not been held yet despite the High Court of Tripura's order. to the commandments.
Then the saying shall be fulfilled, “The banse is the thom of the blood.
The Government of Meghalaya wants to kill the farmers of the state, so why do it?
In outdoor gatherings, only 30 percent of the capacity or 500 people in total will be allowed.
New York: Joe Biden was sworn in as the 46th President of the United States on Tuesday, July 20, 2021, along with Kamala Harris. Kamala Harris is the middle child of an Indian mother and a Jamaican father.
In a statement, the relatives, leaders of HYC Mairang Circle, HYC Nongthliew Circle and Umwiehsup Women's Wing said that the transformer should be removed immediately from the site and placed elsewhere. Because of this action of MEECL, there is no longer any peace of mind for the children in the area because the fencing alone is not enough and the lock is not enough.
The State Level Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament, organized by the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs, has reached the semifinals of the State Level Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament. on the 28th.
These snaps of the ancients are clearly visible in the pictures of the trees which show that the world in the past has been closely related to the science and technology of today.
“The CEM of Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council himself has visited the road immediately after the KSU stopped the road built by Assam within the boundary of Lapangap village and has taken immediate action to meet with him. DC of West Jaintia Hills, but why don't our MDCs listen? Will their MDCship end up in eating their salaries and misusing the public schemes of the JHADC?”
The decision was taken at a meeting between the Chief Secretaries of Nagaland and Assam in Dimapur today.
During the programme, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has conducted free BP tests, TB screenings and smart card services.
Solomon's brother Pynbiang Rymbai has lodged a complaint against two men from Lad Mukhla at Ummulong Police Beat House.
“This action of the government has forced the party to leave the meeting immediately especially when it is clear that the government does not allow to discuss the employment policy,” said Dr Myrboh.
During the line-up, signs were displayed and allocated for them to sit in their own shops which resulted in 76 shops.
FKJGP leader Reginald Thabah said that the sudden entry of the party members came after the party had sent a letter to the Chief Minister demanding the removal of Salgira R Marak from the party. 10 days.
He said that the school has been able to train up to 12 instructors which has been a great blessing for them.
It was understood that it should not interfere too much in the security affairs of the state and should reconcile the interests of the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23 : The State Government has postponed the meeting scheduled to be held with the Harijan Panchayat Committee to next month to discuss the issue of relocation of the Sweeper's Colony from Mawlong Market.
Shillong: U Bah Sojol Kharrymba, Sordar of Raid Lyngkhat, on Tuesday said that after reports in the media that there are BSF personnel in Lyngkhat, who have tested positive for Covid-1 A doctor from PHC Pongtung, a nurse and some elders went to meet the residents of Lyngkhat.
Like us the people, we work in the morning to buy food in the evening, so it is with the government because of the lack of resources.
He said that if Maheh loves the people of Diengiei, he will love them very much.
About 351 participants from all over India came to take part in this tournament.
This has caused a traffic jam but it was learned that the authorities have immediately cleaned the road with a puhhilum to free the traffic.
“I have already discussed this issue many times with the leaders as well as the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. “Khasi and Garo languages ​​are allowed to be spoken,” he said.
According to the arrangement, the AIPTF has invited Prime Minister Narendra Modi to be the chief guest.
The US aid will include ammunition, ammunition and other equipment to help equip the Ukrainian military to fight against Russian troops.
He urged the leaders to be hardworking and ready to help their fellow farmers in any situation that the farmers face.
“My goal is to serve the people, not for the sake of money but with the soul,” said Bah Nongrum.
We who live in the fields like this, if the fields are bad, we will die of hunger,” said the last and stood up immediately to wash her hands.
When asked about the full name of his manager and where he lives, Dapoiwanmi did not know the full name of Ahmed and his place of residence.
The meeting was organized by the Executive Committee of the party which was held on the 10th of this month.
He urged the newly appointed teachers to start their careers with a good mindset that as teachers they should not only teach but also shape the lives of the children under their supervision.
If there are any tragic incidents, the owners of the houses in the village have to inform the village authorities and follow the protocol laid down by the Health Department with the supervision of the Village Authorities.
About 300 players from these states are expected to participate in the Under-21, Under-19 and Under-16 tournaments.
Those who went to search entered the forests, creeks, streams and rivers around the boundary of the village.
In South West Garo Hills, there is one new case.
Shillong: The Transport Department, Government of Meghalaya today issued a directive that the rules of driving for buses, sumos, maxi, taxis, auto rickshaws and two wheelers will be Return to what has been arranged in the past and will be in accordance with the provisions of the Motor Vehicles Act and this is, after the rules have been imposed, for the outbreak of Covid-1
Also present on the occasion will be the MLA/MDC of Mawsynram, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, the Chief of the Bhowal Hima and at the same time the brother of the Syiem of Bhowal. the Sanad on the 4th.
I have also met with many groups including church leaders, village leaders as well as various organizations.
As a young man in the midst of a crowd of thapbalieh, I have been struggling, but how can I not earn money?” said the son and went to Rikynti who was listening like a stoshu.
The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) on Tuesday met with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem to demand that the KHADC should not only not to issue Labor License or Trading License to foreigners, but not to renew their Trading License and Labor License.
“Use English only as a tool to get jobs, to rise in rank, in trade, but we should not study to say that we will become like the English,” said Prof.Antoinette. .
JOWAI: The Divisional Forest Officer, Wildlife Division, West Jaintia Hills District has honored 19 wildlife rescuers across the district on the occasion of the Wildlife Week Celebration The meeting was held at the Ladthadlaboh Indoor Hall, Jowai on Tuesday.
It is worth mentioning that on the evening of Tuesday at about 7:30 pm, the residents managed to release a child who had been abducted and detained with handcuffs from the A vehicle was hit by a vehicle at Rongbang Dare under the jurisdiction of Songsak Police Station in East Garo Hills.
"Hep listened for a while and when Father spoke again, Hep also said, 'To Pa..." and went into the bedroom.
When we turn to the bill of light, it is higher in the villages than in the city, although the lack of light is too much.
But at the same time it also means to spread ideas, which is a metaphor.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest also urged the Director of the Department to ensure that the various Veterinary Offices across the state to strengthen their working methods so that the implementation of this scheme will be successful. which is equal.
The Union Defense Minister stressed on three points.
Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, who is also the Chairman of the Jowai Urban Development Authority (MUDA), inaugurated the 1st Floor Building of the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) at a meeting. which was held at the JMB Hall on Thursday.
The allegation that the HITO has violated Sections 171 and 34 of the Indian Penal Code and Section 105 of the Meghalaya Police Act to their power.
“Therefore, once there is a hospital, the department will make arrangements to use these doctors because as a hospital there should be many doctors, nurses and other staff,” said Hek.
When police arrived at the scene, they found that there was no one inside the vehicle and also found a jacket and a mobile phone. It was on this basis that the police suspected that the man had fallen into the pond and which led them to fall into the pond to search for the suspect. old.
“I was selected to compete in Goa because I came from Guwahati and that's where I was invited to Goa and if I win from Goa, I will compete in Malaysia,” he said. Darisuk's wife.
Shillong, Naitung 23 : The Ashraya Hastha Trust, a Bangalore-based NGO, has been funded by Infosys founder K. Dinesh and his family together with Smile Train India. The country's largest charity for the disabled has announced a five-year partnership with the aim of improving services for the disabled in India.
So I calculated that an extension of 2-3 hours every day would equal one day," he added.
Condrick Lamare was elected as the Chairman of the Village Council, Finance Secretary as Finance Secretary and Krimson Sutnga as Treasurer.
The CEM said this in the one-day dorbar tlang of the council on Thursday while discussing a motion tabled by the ruling leader Awhai Andrew Shullai on the shortage of funds of the council. you are the council.
The Special Rural Works Program (SRWP) has also announced a donation of T 10 lakh to schools in the district to improve education, There will be no electricity shortage while the children are studying in these smart classrooms.
Parents, as priests empowered through the Sacrament of Marriage, have a role to play in their homes.
He said the maternal mortality rate has decreased by 35% in the past six months compared to previous years.
The fire brigade has resumed operations across the state and in Khasi Hills from noon to 3 pm and from 9 pm to 12 noon.
On this occasion, there was also a complaint between the two sides.
To urge the government to introduce the ILP in the state, the CoMSO this morning started carrying flags and banners around Shillong.
To the west it is bordered by East Garo Hills and North Garo Hills.
The two policemen said they did not touch anything and found a firearm in the right hand of the police chief.
On the 19th of this month, all four parking lots in Iawmusiang will be relocated from 2 pm onwards.
She said that when the children come home from school, they need to relax, play, complete their homework and enjoy themselves with other children.
When Uttam learned of the love between the two, Uttam was strongly opposed and strongly forbade his wife's actions, but as Uttam grew older, Sapna's love grew stronger. Raju and the news has reached Sapna's parents, who have forbidden her to break up her marriage just for the sake of someone else. man; but even there she did not listen.
The prison authorities did not say whether the money requested was for the construction of new houses on the same site and to demolish the houses that are no longer available or to repair and repair the houses. the old houses built long ago.
This is now the 81st.
One committee set up by the government is to look into the Benami Transaction Act, the Tenant Verification Draft Bill, which is also the reason why the authorities are allowed to enter the state.
In the sports competition, which started today, children from the Children's Home, including boys and girls, took part in various sports including the 100-metre race, the Relay Race, Kabbaddi, KhoKho, Tug of War, Dodge Ball, Cross Country Race, Basketball, Football and Indoor games.
Dr Glenn C Kharkongor, Chancellor of the University in his speech, expressed his appreciation for the commitment and dedication of the members and their contribution to the development of the University.
(8) All hotels and food shops shall separate the garbage and comply with the provisions of this rule to separate the garbage from the bottom and distribute the remainder to the collectors as directed by the relevant authorities. watch.
I say that as a journalist I have the rights as a citizen of India but I also say that I don't belong to any ethnic group (as I say 'I don't belong to this community or that community').
The purchase of electricity from 11 companies has reached T.473.85 crore as of 28th June and NEECP alone has borrowed T.364 crore. the Power Grid Corporation of India with T.28.39 crore, NTPC with T.24.65 crore and the National Hydro Power Corporation with T.21.23 crore.
He said that the working methods of the post office are in this way and this can destroy the trust of the people.
These drinks are low in calories, which appear to be healthy drinks that can fight heat without being affected while you are trying to lose weight. weight.
Finally, the two Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya, said that while the border demarcation process is in progress in the second phase, they have also warned the people not to produce anything. They should give their confidence to the government on this border dispute so that this border dispute will not cause any more problems after it has been resolved. hun lang from both sides, they added.
Nartiang: The cold weather in many villages in the Nartiang area on Saturday has caused a huge loss to the farmers in the area. It has destroyed all the crops of the farmers of the area.
It would be appropriate for the young men and women, and the parents in the Bri u Hynniewtrep to read and think carefully about this article written by this author.
When the government gets the land, it will be able to invite the AAI to express its views on whether the land acquired by the government will be suitable for the construction of the new airport," she said. The Division Bench of the High Court while hearing the PIL on this issue.
In an effort to complete the electrification of the Northeast Frontier Railway (NFR), the Northeast Frontier Railway (NFR) has reached another milestone by launching the Dudhnai-Mendipathar (22.823 Track Kilometers) for 10 lines and Abhayapuri-Pancharatna ( 34.59 Track Kilometers) for two lines on October 15,
“The kidnapping and smuggling of women from this state is a small matter, not a serious matter,” he said.
Under the banner of JACATAM, the teachers of schools and colleges in the state, have decided to hold a protest against the Symbud Myntri Rangbah's resignation without calling for talks even though in fact they have respectfully requested him many times. month to date.
Jowai, Naitung, 16: The Women's Week & Women's Sunday-2023, which was scheduled by the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly to be celebrated every year, has come to an end. today is Sunday.
The drivers of both the vehicles were arrested for failing to produce proper documents for the goods they were carrying.
The drugs were seized from two places, one weighing 111 grams from a shop and the other weighing 187 grams from a roadside shop.
The East Jaintia Hills Court ordered him to be remanded in custody and punished according to the law.
LPS who are the winners of the Slogan Competition.
The KSU said that the post bording is supported by a tree and at any time it can collapse and endanger the residents.
The HSPDP leaders under the leadership of President Bah KP Pangniang have handed over a letter of withdrawal of support from the NPP-BJP via WhatsApp. .
Chief Guest Nibatskhem Marang, who works as a contractor, inaugurated the tournament in the presence of Chief Secretary Muktiar Soumitra Chakravarty, office bearers of Lion Mission Compound Dorbar Shnong and others at a short meeting conducted by LSAYA President Donkupar. Syncream.
When I left to go home, there was nothing to remember.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest in his speech thanked the JHDS for providing services in many fields and urged the youth to think of standing on their own feet by setting up a and to improve the work they do.
On the GNLA, Mukul said the government is moving in an orderly manner without taking sides.
It is worth mentioning that the MRSSAB, 2020 will strengthen the use of verification and restrictions on the entry of people into Meghalaya and also restrict the residents of any part of the State.
The union also requested the Minister to complete this work before the memorial day of Tirot Singh, on the 17th of November to commemorate the death anniversary of this great man.
'U Soh-pet-bneng', which is named after him, also has in himself, the roots and new to give to others, not only the new race, U Paid Khasi baïar ha they are our country.
Until now, many people have not taken milk as a healthy food and it is very important for everyone from children to adults.
The district authorities have enforced Section 144 CrPC in the district to prevent any incident.
India has ratified the UN General Assembly's resolution by striving for its speedy implementation and by celebrating the International Literacy Year in the country.
Tongkhar said the Regional Committee set up by the government is only to conduct a joint inspection between the government officials of the two states and the Committee cannot take any action. decision on the demarcation of the border between the two states.
in consumers across India are confident and eager to shop online during this festive season.81% expressed their intention; 78% trust online shopping 1 in 2 people want to spend more online shopping than last year, during this festive season.
We don't steal, we buy wood.
GG Pariat, Senior Member of the Meghalaya Bharat Scout and Guide, said that preparations are underway for the meeting to run smoothly.
He said that the Union of Village Youth Associations, SWKHD is ready to cooperate with the Village Youth Associations in the work of bringing about improvement in the community and creating assistance as much as possible.
This struggle was led by U Kiang Nangbah.
Finally, on my part, as one of the many young people who enjoy eating and growing soh, I would like to request the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills. hills district through the office of Agriculture to identify soon the varieties of soh in West Khasi Hills district as we know that we don't have the varieties of soh in the district till date.
Karnataka has the highest number of cases with 38,603, followed by Tamil Nadu with 33,075 and Maharashtra with 26,6
The church in Wapung is also one of the headquarters of the KJP Eastern Synod in the preaching work known as the Wapung Mission Centre.
In South West Khasi Hills, there are three cases including one from the Armed Forces, one high risk and one from abroad.
The training was held at TRYSEM Hall at the office of the Deputy Commissioner. The training was conducted by District Disaster Management Officer Jonathan Mawthoh. long u resources person.
The AAY quota is 5 kilos per head, while PHH is 5 kilos per head and the beneficiaries do not have to pay any fee.
Regarding other assistance or share from the Niti Ayog, the CEM JHADC said that they have tried to discuss to increase the share of JHADC and the NITI Ayog has also promised to provide assistance to the council. known as the Special Central Assistant Grant.
Without these, even agriculture would not be successful because it is impossible to market the products.
At the tournament, India made history in events such as equestrian and badminton (men's singles).
Sengbhalang in 13 states and small states, are still distributing more food than the governments, since the beginning of the curfew, which started on 25th October
Shillong: The KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit on Tuesday conducted a free health check up in collaboration with the Downtown Hospital Guwahati, Assam. from 9 pm to 2 pm at Khliehriat West Community Hall.
NGT sources said that the ban will last until
Many experts have thought that the Government of India cannot force the Bill into law by passing the Joint Parliament or by passing an Ordinance.
The Princess of Thailand has also been nominated for the World Sanskrit Award at the invitation of the Indian Council of Cultural Relations (ICCR).
It may be recalled that since becoming MDC of Jaiaw, Bah Adelbert has never been an Executive Member; although this time KHNAM has been able to form an EC in KHADC along with other indigenous parties; He said that he has allowed three other MDCs of KHNAM to hold the post of EM, because KHNAM has only three seats, and has to replace one.
He said that this demand came from some members of the UDP, but the truth is that it is the party as a whole which has been eager and expecting to take over the seat.
The Information and Public Relations Department of the State Government has not sent a single message indicating that there will be a meeting to pay tribute to Tirot Sing Syiem. It shows that there is no memory of this leader today.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: The salaries of 50 contractors under the 100 days NREGS scheme in Kynroh Synrang village under Sohiong constituency, have been lost since 2013 until now, which has forced the contractors to stay. in the dark.
The meeting will be webcast/live on the University website www.dbuniversity.
Therefore, we must be careful and read the opinion of any political party before we take any decision.
Heiminmiki Dkhar scored 24' & 40' for Khimusniang.
They even overrun CRPF personnel /Mizoram Police.
The statement also said that if the Government does not listen, Ka Sur Ki Nong Mawlai will not listen at all.
Furthermore, all shops in these two villages will be closed and offices will be closed except Mairang Police Station, Mairang.
)When I say U Nongialam here I don't mean and I don't mean only the man who should lead but this means Salonsar and even the women who have the power and ability to lead in any group or organization.
The Minister said that there are 1188 Self Help Groups set up under this scheme in the state and the Government has allocated T.5.91 crore as assistance for them.
However, thankfully, this bsein came to change the mind of the bah in a moment.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 23: The Office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) today announced the release of the National Food Security Act 2013 to all households in Mairang. November 2023 through ration shops.
The Brazilian has been accused of being involved in a fraud with four Sampaio Correa players last season.
Speaking at the ceremony, the President said that there is a need to change the education system in the country in order to improve the quality of education in the country.
Shillong Lajong, the defending champions of the MSL, have two games left.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) has sent a letter to the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Kong RV Suchiang to complain against the violation of the rules by the political parties in the campaigning for the mid-term elections in three constituencies.
The union demanded the release of three months salary of all 143 employees.
The East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (EKHCA) will hold the Inter School Cricket Tournament for the Benjamin Diengdoh Memorial Trophy on the second day of March this year.
One of the environmentalists, Naba Bhattacharjee, Chairman of the State Expert Appraisal Committee on Environment, said that this environmental change has started since 2005-0
He said that the government should send JCBs to clean these hands which is a problem even for vehicles to pass on this road.
“Even the formalin to inject the dead is not available at the hospital and it makes it difficult for the villagers to transport the bodies to remote villages in the area.
He sent his troops to attack former DGP Mohd Izhar Alam, as well as Shiv Sena leaders in Punjab Nishant Sharma and Mann Singh Pehowa Wale.
He discussed many things with her.
The number of samples sent for testing is 25,744, 24,987 negative, 318 pending results and 22,105 returnees.
The BSF troops are expected to continue to search for these smuggled cattle vehicles in the coming days in collaboration with the police of the area.
Another problem is the increase in electricity bill. Another problem faced by these farmers is, “After these cows started laying eggs and started selling them, they came back with Foreigners like Khanapara and Pylleng Company, who come in trucks, this kills our farmers, who are just starting this business, because we cannot fight with the price.
“This request for permission from both MUDA and the District Council has caused uncertainty to the people, we will sit down to discuss this after the dorbar,” said Bah Paul.
“Although I have been insulted by the Congress leaders in the state, what I have decided is that I will not back down and I will continue to stand up for the 2018 elections and I hope that I will win. “It's a glorious victory, with the strong support of these leaders who have left the Congress and especially from the people of the area,” he added.
Those families who are better off can eat and drink better, wear more expensive clothes and live in a better household in society.
On this occasion, there was also a kinglieng, jngi, um um and other sports competitions in which young and old men and women took part.
In the men's category, Wonderful Paliar of Pyndenkseh took first place, Fronstar Lyngkhoi of Marshillong took second place and third place went to John Ramsiej is from Sakwang.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the permission for trucks to pass through the Damsait Bridge has been granted after an inspection by technical experts from MeECL and the PWD department. Prestone said that although the Damsite Bridge is old, the technical experts after inspecting the Damsite Bridge have confirmed that the bridge is still in use. On the improvement of the Dwar Ksuid Bridge, he said that the improvement of the Dwar Ksuid Bridge does not fall under the jurisdiction of the state government, but the It is the responsibility of the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) to improve this bridge.
There are 77,103 confirmed cases and 57,720 recoveries.
Meanwhile, the CCP said that the Customs Department remains determined to fight against all cross-border activities including drug trafficking, cigarettes, drugs, wildlife products, counterfeit money, lying in the trade of inheritance and others.
During the inspection, the KSU found that there were about 20 foreign workers who did not have proper documents and therefore the KSU has sent them away.
The Minister said the government has set up a State Level Standing Committee to build the relationship between the Police, BSF and CRPF and the Chief Secretary is the chairman.
A Maruti car number MLO5 E 2642 was seized by the police.
This was announced by the Executive Director of the State Disaster Management Authority, Kong Matsiewdor War Nongbri, while giving an estimate on the affected 199 villages across the state.
It is true that as a nation it is difficult to include prostitution in society, especially as a young nation and Shillong is still a small city.
Kong You Timung, one of these families, in her speech of congratulations, said that this is a blessing from beyond which only God knows.
Mawkyrwat, Naitung 10: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Peoples (FKJGP) of South West Khasi Hills District today launched a groups to be responsible for monitoring, monitoring and monitoring the spread of drugs in these days.
There were 30 to 35 houses and shops in the area, which were completely destroyed, the report said.
However, the decision to suspend Fifa because of the government's involvement is a disappointment to people like Bah Eugeneson unless there is a proper path.
D.D. Kharlyngdoh.
The Minister said that the members of KHADC are more concerned about economic development than politics.
There will be equal opportunities between the three ethnic groups and there will be a state that will develop in all aspects without allowing or empowering the legislators to fight as they please.
Mandari Dkhar scored 12 runs off 31 balls.
Lumparing SC has been able to organize these two tournaments with the financial support of the District Sports Promotion Scheme, Shillong.
Food production in India has increased significantly in recent years and has many opportunities for further development.
The crematorium is located at the foot of Rangthylliang village and is located in the area on the right side of the road to Nongshken Umniuh Tmar. and thou shalt paint the whole house with blue and purple.
“There are still thousands of office bearers and supporters and I hope that the party will win the MLA elections in 2018,” said Commander Shangpliang.
It is true that you will not be able to guard yourself.
Congress candidate Goldenstar Nonglong said that in the past few days, NPP leaders and others have insulted the Congress, especially Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister Conrad Sangma and Prestone Tynsong. , until they said that the Congress ship was about to sink.
So far, 5,000 troops have been deployed to various states in the North East to maintain peace and order.
Ma Pala said as an MP he never refuses to provide any assistance to various Seinraij.
“The Supreme Court has fixed another date for the hearing on the 9th of June,” he said.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The registration of the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) has been suspended after an insurance company filed a lawsuit against the government.
On Tuesday evening, the mob also set fire to the house of Govindas Konthoujam in Ningthoukhong town in Bishnupur district and destroyed other belongings in the house.
“The Minister here has assured to provide protection to the Sikhs and all communities in the state, we welcome this statement of the Home Minister and that is very important for us,” Gill said. .
They said that if they are leaders, they have the right to help, because during the election campaign, when listening to their promises, they felt that even the moon could be brought and placed on the ground floor. .
However, with the arrival of Magistrates including Bah Ronney Wahlang, Kong A Mawlong and SOT Police, SDPO Bah Ian Swer, was able to calm the anger of the people and reach an agreement. and the village leaders of Mawsynram and Bah Disparsing Rani who came to accompany Bah Tyllilang Myrthong.
He said that the donations have affected the church because these donations have been consecrated, and used by all to complete the construction of the projects of the church and this has also affected the church. Presbyterian.
“Furthermore, the Office Memorandum (OM) dated July 18, 1973 para 7.2, has already included Public Undertakings, Government Aided Institutes and Contractors under the SRP. “It's a problem to include private offices and companies under the SRP,” he added.
Therefore, the ILP should not be confused with the Railway, as there is no relationship.
The Seng urges the MLA to work hard and become the MLA of the people of the constituency, not only for the party or only for those on the list.
I welcome and if anyone wants to upgrade the Civil Sub-Division within 40 years and if you can't don't criticize,” said Danggo. you rule over the people.
Greek, Roman, Latin, and other languages ​​that we know are associated with the powerful countries of their time.
Nongstoin, July 21: The emergence of various gangs is due to their desire for the wealth and money of others, said the voice of many churches at the peace conference. The Union of Village Authorities of Riangdo Area (UVK) held a meeting today at Madan Mawdonglang WKH to protest against the attack and the attack by armed groups on the peace rally. The march started at 9 pm from Riangdo through dozens of vehicles and ended at Mawdonglang Square with a rally with placards. bring and regain peace once again and avoid terrorist attacks.
So far, there have been 67,152 cases in India and the death toll has risen to 2,2
“We will file the PIL in the Kashari High Court on Thursday and tomorrow we are preparing all the documents,” said Bah Paliar.
One of the symbols of thought expressed by Samla Dabaitbha Lamare, was the urge to the residents to continue to have a spirit of unity and love, because when there is unity and cooperation as a village, The village will be able to bring about many changes in the welfare, development and income of the residents and especially the village will be able to produce many stars from this village who will leave this village. the town, he added.
Earlier, the CEM said that the Bill was introduced by the Council to ensure that all children whether male or female have the same share or inheritance of wealth and property. parental property impartially.
Education Secretary- Yonis Dkhar.
Such an incident happened in the State Legislative Assembly during the tenure of Abu Taher Mondal.
Shillong, Lber 10: U Congress leader and former Chief Minister Salseng C Marak has called on all the MLAs of the synrop and opposition parties to unite to find ways to end the elections. There are no illegal activities in Garo Hills.
Is the problem that is happening now a long time ago or is it happening now? As long as and according to the basic principles of working in the Government and public administration, one Government continues the work of another Government, so this Government should take responsibility.
After this, a complaint was lodged on the 6th at Lumdiengjri PS and on the 20th November 2015, the Special Cell Shillong and Lumdiengjri PS police arrested Sunil Sunar from Garikhana. They also seized 31 Samsung mobile phones from his residence.
“The drivers of commercial vehicles, their job is to serve the people like police, doctors and if there are no commercial vehicle drivers, all the passengers will stop or stay at the same place,” said the Pastor. The 4th Driver's Day was held at the Indoor Hall of Chutwakhu, Jowai on Tuesday.
KHNAM has strongly condemned the government under the leadership of the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, who said that the government will have to prove whether the Vice President of the KSU, Frederick Kharmawphlang, has had any relationship with the KSU. “Our strong condemnation of the speech of the Prime Minister is on the basis of his speech without investigating the reasons why the youth took up arms. to claim the right.
He said that there are still many projects that will be proposed to the central government.
It is worth mentioning that there has been a complaint from many people about the pollution of tourist attractions in the state, where tourists pollute by throwing plastic, paper, water bottles, bottles of kyiad. .
In the Under-14 men's category, Bamil LPS Mangsang (East Garo Hills) beat Dabit Ampangdam SSA School (South Garo Hills) on Tuesday at SAI Training Centre. to 3-0 col.
The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills on Tuesday placed them under micro containment to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in Jowai, especially in one house in Riatmoolain, Ladthadlaboh and two houses in Dongmihsngi. pandemic.
The lack of syrnod by some meat shops to prove that it is safe to eat especially during these times when cows and pigs have the disease, has caused the meat consumers to they will hesitate to buy.
Your Seng is the first to come with your struggle to endure the rain on the road for 2/3 hours to carry the materials that the school needs"
“Besides, the market and income is not enough if they issue such a law, it will affect us a lot because we have to cover all the expenses of working ourselves and we have to pay the shop fees to buy it,” said one of them. the meat sellers.
However, the surprising thing is that due to the heavy rainfall in the past months and the sudden cold weather this month and the heat of the sun, there are many biscuit plantations where the leaves have started to stem. day for.
Kynton-U-Mon beat Summit Academy 16-0 in the UNDER-10 (Boys) Football League 2023 on Saturday, June Shillong Sports Association will play at the 2nd Ground Polo Ground.
The first goal was scored by Croatia's Mario Mandzukic, who headed in from France's Antoine Griezman in the 18th minute.
Shillong, March 31: A Tata Sumo (ML-05K-8899) driven by Abzal Bharbhuiya (24) has collided with another child at 10:15 am this morning. The incident happened at Siatbakon village under Pynursla PS (EKH).
He said the state government has directed the Deputy Commissioners of East Khasi Hills District and Ribhoi District to lodge an Ejahar against these people including four persons from East Khasi Hills. The Deputy Commissioner has already lodged a complaint against 35 persons from East Khasi Hills District on 13th November
The program was conducted by Dr. M Syngkon, District Surveillance Officer while Dr. E. War, Medical Superintendent, MCH Hospital, Panaliar, Jowai gave the welcome speech.
Indeed, the earnings, the work, the housekeeping, the children, have become like a cow and there is no time to rest, to breathe.
“Out of 36 constituencies, we got 2.99 lakh votes and the HSPDP got 66,000 votes and if we count together, we got 3.65 lakh votes,” he said.
The HNLC said it wants peace and demanded the immediate release of the President of North Khasi Hills District, Bah Ferdynald Kharkamni, Sonstar Nongkhlaw and others.
“Friends who don't have the strength to win any opposition to them as MLAs have been ordered to go to the people and work hard and such people are only two out of the 12 We are MLAs,” said Dr Mukul.
On the other hand, I.Laloo.
Shillong, Nailar 31 : The 6th Badminton Tournament organized by the East Khasi Hills District Badminton Tournament started on Tuesday at the Indoor Stadium, Polo, Shillong.
Shillong, June 11: U Commander Shangpliang has expressed his regret over the lack of drinking water in Shiliangum area of ​​South Africa. West Khasi Hills District Mawkyrwat.
The tree planting ceremony was attended by the residents of Umsawnongkharai village. The tree seedlings were donated by the Central Reserve Police Force from Nongpoh.
In English, PEH SYLLI is called GENIUS. You know people who are gentle, in English they are called GENTLE. In Khasi, they are called JEMNUD or AARA. The inheritance of the longkur ka longkha, which in Khasi is called 'SAI KHONG' or 'SAI SYMBAI. Punjab Police are conducting house-to-house raids in Hoshiarpur village after receiving a tip that a Sikh preacher and a supporter of Khalistan Amritpal Singh and his assistant were hiding in the area.
The Minister's remarks came after the fire brigade had difficulty reaching the church in Quallapaty.
Not only that, when the poiwir was allowed to marry Khasi girls, he brought more and more rang poiwir to introduce the Khasi girls to those poiwir, to introduce them and allow them to marry. .
“Why do I say, 'Sngap seh ieid' to my wife because I don't want to hurt or speak harshly to my husband? that they may not understand when I speak, even if it is wrong.
It is learned that after Bah Jyllud escaped from the hospital, some residents of Nongpoh area saw him, but did not think that he was Bah Jyllud. .
Regarding the C&RD Block which was supposed to be opened since 2014-15 in Namdong village, the land has already been donated to the department for the convenience of the people of this area but until now it has not been completed. Even though the people should have received it, compared to the distance and population, this area has been entitled to receive the C&RD Block in Namdong because of the distance of the C&RD. Block residents have often lost the benefits they deserve especially the farmers because they have to spend days to travel especially from Lapangap Khanduli they have to travel 100Km to reach the Block. The distance and density of the C&RD Block has affected the villagers of this area in terms of the benefits they should receive in various areas.
Witting said that in a coalition government, one party must respect the other and the MDA government must also respect the HSPDP which is part of the government.
Ramew was covered with water.
The rally started near the Indoor Stadium and then there was a rally in front of Nongstoiñ Market, along with the slogans of the school children to fight against drugs and urged everyone to say Yes to the drugs. selling and taking drugs.
The government has provided up to 10,000 tyngka for the cultivation of rice.
Ms Mitimai Basaïamoit said that the Creche has been running for 34 years and she explained the purpose of setting up this Creche which has 30 children. the beds.
Speaking at the launch of the voter list held by the Election Commission of India at the DC Office Shillong, BJP leader David Kharsati said that it is time for the Election Commission of India (ECI) to launch the voter list. Mizoram elections should follow the example of Mizoram where all the intellectuals who have learned have come forward to explain to the citizens to take part in the elections without being bought by the power of money. .
“The report dated 16/02/2024 submitted by the Superintendent of Police to the Deputy Commissioner informs that no incident was found during the investigation led by the O/C of Police. Saipung Police Station,” said the Committee in its 21st Interim Report.
Regarding the remaining 6 areas in the demarcation process, but unfortunately Mukroh village has not fallen into this list. How else can this area fall into Assam? Paste of the state government, said Sutnga.
Wanshwa Laloo scored two goals in the 9th and 51st minutes.
The company has been welcomed by all sides from the community leaders to various civil society organizations as the ISBT was inaugurated by the Defense Minister Amit Shah and is still in operation. for about 6 weeks now.
Everyone has the right to speak for themselves but we must remember one thing, that we must have a basis for speaking with responsibility, and not just speaking nonsense or following the opposition from time to time. period".
With this victory, 7 Wasa United will face Ladthadlaboh in the final of this tournament to compete for the title this year.
They were ordered with these orders with the understanding that the non-acceptance of TIKA endangers the health of the public.
“Today's era is no longer like the past when parents have to take responsibility to teach to ensure that our children are not misled by such false ideas,” he said. said.
Usha Sah, resident of Sawfurlong, has lodged a complaint with the police against the bail of Madhuri Prasad Sah and Jogendra Prasad Sah, who allegedly killed their sister-in-law Pooja Prasad Sah. Ravi Shankar Prasad.
How long have you been misled by the people? How long shall we be thanked?
After the meeting, journalists were allowed to talk to the surrendered militants.
He was born, raised and raised in Sohra.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah T. Lyngwa, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District in the presence of Bah D. Lyngwa, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District. Mawleiñ, Deputy SP, MCS, Additional Deputy Commissioner, MCS, D.Syngkon, District Sports Officer, Teachers, Students school with other elders.
According to information received through the Meghalaya Transport Corporation (MTC), the Congress party has taken directly from the Pawan Hans Company for the use of these nine days. .
The interview with 108 lasted for 1 hour 50 minutes.
Other speakers included Kong R.Passah, District Social Welfare Officer, Bah Shamir Thabah, Regional Secretary, NE Region, YMCA who explained the origin of the YMCA at the meeting chaired by Tbn.John R. .Stove.
Shillong, Nailur, 13: The National People's Party (NPP) President Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Tuesday directed the party leaders to strengthen the party ahead of the Lok elections. Assembly.
After reading the aims and objectives of the party by Genl.
I don't work in Garo Hills.
Ashwini Ponnappa and B. Sumeeth Reddy won 20-22, 12-21 while Chiu Hsiang Chieh and Lin Xiao Min of Chinese Taipei won 20-22, 12-2
Joseph received this great wisdom that God had given him to be a blessing to the whole land of Egypt.
He said that the NHAI through the company hired to maintain the road from time to time has filled the road with soil to prevent the heavy stones from falling.
The Ministry of Police has admitted that so far it has received an estimate of 27 deaths including foreigners.
In West Garo Hills, there are 14 cases including 6 high risk cases, one police personnel, 3 cases from abroad and 4 cases who have undergone screening.
“This action of the MBOSE is a hasty action without thinking carefully,” he said.
Tejbir Singh, Administrator Star Cement, said that the factory through Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) has received a letter from the Lok Sabha MP on the need for the hospital. which helps to speed up treatment and prevent death.
However, if it happens again, it makes the rawon more and more angry that as soon as he has time he will go back to the river in order to relieve his own soul of what has already happened.
I am sure that these experiences will encourage you to live in your life.
As in previous matches, East Bengal have never been able to beat Lajong in the match here at Lajong's home ground and most of the matches have ended with Lajong winning or drawing.
The match was very close in the first half but it was in the 50th minute that Mawlai through Wanboklang Lyngkhoi, scored the first goal.
Nongpoh, March 26: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the two groups of commercial vehicle drivers including Auto and Maruti drivers, Pahambir Unit, today expressed its concern over the lack of attention by the drivers of the Four buses, which have been set up in the area for the transportation of school children.
Shillong: U Bah Medarius Langrin, Rangbah Shnong of Mawlait, West Khasi Hills District, has received an award from the Government of India for his efforts for the cleanliness of the country. scheme which the Government of India is taking seriously these days.
Vilas MuttemwarFormer Indian Prime Minister Vilas Muttemwar said, “Who knew Modi before he became Prime Minister?
The mother of the child said that she was allowed because she is not the owner of the village and thus she made peace.
Likewise, through the involvement of other supporters, the party will hope for the upcoming elections in 2023 that the UDP party will win and reaching that goal requires cooperation, hard work and unity as a family.
Jowai, Naiwieng 24: The Chief Election Officer of the Meghalaya Election Commission (MEC), Bah FR Kharkongor today visited Mutong village to inform the people that the polling station is not fraudulent. with thanks.
We will not be successful in this regard but we will be able to teach abroad in the coming days,” he said.
And the city hath no need of the sun, neither of the moon, to shine in it: for it is the Lamb's light" Revelation 21:2
A total of 21 political parties attended the meeting, the most prominent political parties were KSU, HYC, HNYF, CSWO and 39 members attended.
Why doesn't it have RIGHT anymore? it is because they come from the various seeds of the Fathers of the whole world (they have been respected) that they are still strong and marketable; for this cause the MEIIEID shall be destroyed; only as a collector of the children of Nepal, Bhutan, Tibet, Africa, Saheb, China, Sri Lanka, Dkhars throughout India and fellow citizens.
To prove that I cannot and I cannot say whether it is true or false.
I have no doubt that God will help us to bring about a clean governance and this responsibility is up to you the people.
If this continues how much they can help.
The Waheh Shnong of Mihmyntdu, Abul Phawa, said that an ejahar was lodged on July 30 against Fortunate Pala at the Jowai Police Station.
Speaking to media, u Bah Lyngdoh said that in the past few months, the party has already announced the name of Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh who will contest the mid-term election from - Mawphlang Constituency and now the party has decided to give ticket to Ashahel D Shira for the mid-term election in Rajabala Constituency.
This was announced by Thrangbor Wanniang, General Secretary of the SSSSWLA and Zandy Myrthong, President of the SSSSWLA.
“We will look into it because it is too early to say anything on this issue and we cannot take a decision now, we will look into it and in due course we will decide,” he said.
Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday met with Himanta Biswa Sarma on 17th November 2021 in Gauhati and during the meeting, they discussed how to find solutions to the issue of The border issue between Meghalaya and Assam has been going on for decades.
Meanwhile, Conrad will campaign in the Rangsakona constituency led by Dikanchi's brother Zenith Sangma and will deliver public speeches in Millem, Garobadha and other places.
Nongkseh is from Ri Bhoi district while Dalu is from Garo Hills.
Prashant Kishore is from Rohtas district of Bihar and completed his post graduate degree in Public Health from Delhi while his wife Jahnavi Das is a doctor.
Ayush Sharma scored 23 runs for SCA (B), while Mrinal played well and took 4/12 wickets for 86 runs. the-match.
The source said that RITES will complete this work and submit a detailed report on how to improve the Umroi airport which does not exist without reducing the cost as it is not available. It is easy to spend again to build a new airport at a cost of Rs 7,000 or Rs 8,000 crore.
Shillong, June 15: The Meghalaya State Women's Commission (MSWC) has lodged a complaint against Sronding Lyngkhoi, husband of Joshna Nongsiej, for raping her at her residence in Shrah Perding, Mawsikar, West Khasi Hills. Hills.
Rophul is an independent MLA from Rongara-Siju and came second after Rakkam Sangma, an NPP MLA, in the 2018 MLA elections.
This incident has touched Rida's heart.
We just imagine something that can't happen.
Dr AK Rawat, chief physician of the hospital, died of the disease.
The house is run by the Raid Marmain Women Cooperative Society and through this Thainjain house, it is expected that there will be many women who will be able to produce many handmade Jains. which is also of benefit to hundreds of Longkmie in the area.
In all these areas, Meghalaya is lagging behind and the most vulnerable State.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 22: A truck (ML10 C 5992) bearing registration number ML10 C 5992, which was heading towards Shallang, collided with another vehicle at 9:00 pm this morning. A Bolero (ML 06 7331) collided with another vehicle in Mawlangdep, West Khasi Hills. The driver of the Bolero and three school children were injured. give birth.
Therefore, this empty space which distances and prevents the people from reaching their goals is a problem that the government has not been able to address for a long time.
We cannot rely on the promises of the Central Government or the State Government which have changed their minds, but the goal is the ILP. for us, but for our children, our brothers and sisters and the little ones who are yet to come.
One case is from Mawlai Umjaiur, who had contact with a nurse working at NEIGHRIMS, four cases in Mawtawar and those working at the Sub Center in Mawtawar, one case in contact with those working at NEIGHRIMS. NEIGHRIMS and those in quarantine centers and another three-year-old child, who came from Bihar, who lives in Keatinge Road.
Therefore, we leave it to the wisdom and understanding of the people of the various constituencies.
IATA is a group that takes responsibility for the maintenance of Mawtynhiang Crematorium and also for the development of tourism within the boundary of Nongbah.
It is also believed that the cause of the incident was a clash between the two neighboring villages of Barato and Maitding.
He said that the message sent by the party to the government is that the government should take immediate action on this issue which the VPP demands and the people also demand.
According to the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo ethnic groups in Meghalaya, they are exempt from Income Tax but they can be arrested if they are involved in Benami.
Shillong: The MLAs and MDCs of the Congress party together with the President of the MPCC, Bah Vincent H Pala, today met with the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh. They have petitioned to demand the nomination of 12 MLAs from each party as MLAs of the Legislative Assembly in the state.
After declaring war, Israel launched relentless and unforgiving bombings across parts of Gaza and at all Hamas camps and bases. and vowed to destroy Hamas, so that other countries will also escape the terrible dangers of future attacks.
According to the union, only one water tank has been built for many years and the water pipes have been constructed only in some parts of the village.
The arrested were identified as Mahabul Alam, 38, of Boxanagar and Piklu Bhowmik, 38, of Krishna Kishore Nagar in Bishalgarh.
Many in Pakistan doubt that the injection will cause women to die after two years.
Mawkyrwat, July 25: It is sad to see that the roads around the area have started to collapse even during the rainy season and especially during the rainy season. rainfall and lack of water tanks where many times it has been witnessed that water flows not from the tanks but from the road.
Three months later he gave birth to his sons.
FEDCO invites all the residents of this area to attend this free treatment.
Therefore, the union is deeply concerned about the increasing power outages and load shedding by MeECL and as a union that looks after the farmers, the union demands that the government should pay special attention to these issues. The poultry farmers and especially to create roads to provide electricity that the power outage affects not only the poultry farmers, but all the jobs where in the age of technology we need to “It's a good idea to have a electricity supply,” he added.
The last time his jersey was sold was in 2013, when it sold for only $18,6
Also present on the occasion were Gen.
While the meeting was chaired by TBn.
All the teams have undergone a Medical Examination to determine the age of the players.
When asked about the incident at Thanat Laitumkhrah and the burning of her house recently, Kong Ampareen said that it is necessary to investigate what happened on that day, and how it went wrong. no organization will teach its members to do evil.
The meeting, which was also attended by Bah FR Kharkongnor, Commissioner & Secretary Arts and Culture, Government of Meghalaya, urged the Minister and the relevant department to take action on this issue. for until now, since the introduction of literature and the letter press, many of the writings which express the inheritance are still in existence and published by various groups, including the people and private libraries.
“Now it is no longer like being in the Forum, we have been divided - KHNAM has only one MDC, UDP has formed, HSPDP also has an attempt to form its own MDC. “We have to withdraw from the PDF,” said Teinwell.
He said Thomas Jones will live as the father of Khasi writing, the founder of Khasi literature and primary schools.
“Today, we urge the Governor to sign the MRSSA Amendment Bill and that the government should not leave it alone and should show its seriousness to demand from the Governor to sign the MRSSA Amendment Bill. the approval of the MRSSA.” he said.
Meanwhile, the Diocese of Jowai today handed over a donation of Rs.3,00,000/- to the Chief Minister's COVID-19 Relief Fund. a sign of cooperation with the government in the fight against COVID-1
On the demand of the union to use the Khasi language in the Interactive Voice Response (IVR), the manager promised that this will be done in the next few months.
Bhek sat down in the kitchen.
The opening ceremony was attended by Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills Sanjay Goyal, BDO Mawphlang D. Syiemiong, Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima B. Thabah, Executive Engineer of Mawphlang. DRDA, Rangbah Shnongs of Sohiong Hima and surrounding villages, employees of Mawphlang Block and the public who came to witness the event.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) East Khasi Hills District has strongly opposed the proposal of the Umpling Dorbar Shnong to issue NoC for the opening of wine stores in the villages. In a statement to the media, the HNYF said that its opposition to the proposal to issue NoC is because the Dorbar Shnong Umpling has not consulted with the villages. near the site where the liquor shop is planned to be located.
On the other hand, Shylla said that his decision to go to the Supreme Court could anger the government especially the Principal Secretary Prestone Tynsong and UDP leader Dr Donkupar Roy.
Ka Sur ki nong West also condemns the police for using tear gas against teachers and demands that the government should punish those police who used tear gas against teachers.
Sohniamtra helps us to stay healthy.
The WHO has not yet approved the use of Covaxin and Bharat Biotech has sent its documents to the WHO on 9th November. The investigation will take about seven months.
“How can the law enforcement agencies dare to attack when the court has issued a stay order on the area,” said the FKJGP. , that they are quick to force our fellow citizens and use force while the Biharis in Lapalang are not willing to force and have to flee.
The Jews still observe the Sabbath because they believe in the laws of Moses and respect the laws of Moses and say – “We are disciples of Moses” (John 9:28).
The union has condemned the KHADC's failure to announce in the newspapers the vacancies.
I will be driven away from the people.
They cannot live in the actual world.
Shillong, June 25: Hospitals which have been set aside to provide treatment to patients, have faced another problem these days due to the loading shedding.
The Meghalaya government has phoned the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, saying that the Assam government has crossed the border into Meghalaya.
Ma Vincent also criticized the UDP for having only 8 towers which means only 8 MLAs, while in Ri-Bhoi, Jaintia there is nothing. He said that the UDP is the only party in Khanapara.
Shillong, Naiwieng 7: At 3 pm this morning, KHNAM, has visited NEIGRHIMS after receiving information that Muslims come every day by bus to the hospital.
Initially, all the Dolloi lived as brothers but when their Elaka became more populated, the need for more land for cultivation led them to expand the boundaries of the Elaka.
The law should not treat him as the last child to give his will,” said Bah Egenstar Kurkalang.
In a statement, the six Sordars said that they have nothing to do with the Union since 29th November, 2017 and have withdrawn their cooperation because Bah Lembarkur has acted violently by escaping the Union. custom.
The celebration was organized by the Cooperation Department, Government of Meghalaya Registrar in collaboration with the Meghalaya Cooperative Apex Bank Ltd and Rural Finance, Shillong, Megha-LAMP and the Meghalaya Basin Management Agency. (MBMA) Today's theme is “Recent Developments in Cooperatives.
The program was organized by the villages of Pynthorsale, Mukhaialong, Mutong, Chamcham and Lumshyrmit.
However, the farmers have to listen to the employees of the Agriculture & Horticulture Department and the Veterinary Department.
“We don't want to sell formalin-containing fish, if we don't have to do anything else, we don't want to sell formalin-containing fish,” said Bah Wankhar.
These arrests show that in order to eradicate other youths who have become addicted to drugs, it depends on the hard work of other youths, to guide and guide the youths who have become addicted to drugs. Avoid drugs or alcohol, which can cause more and more problems in the family, society and the community as a whole.
Speaking at a prayer service for the four persons who were shot dead by the Assam Police organized by the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SSNBH) together with the SAFF at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Bishop Purely said: that the torture of the five souls whom the Creator has placed to live on earth is something that no one can accept but they want the law to take part in punishing them. they.
Let us talk a little bit about the change of time. When we talk about the change of time, it is not to point fingers or blame anyone. It is the duty of each and every one of us to point fingers at anyone but we must understand that it is a mistake in the way we walk in our lives as young people. especially among the youth of the country.
It is worth mentioning that in the march of the FKJGP against the unemployment of educated youth in collaboration with other political parties including the KSU, HNYF, RBYF, there has been a clash. tied shah bomb pedestrians and damage to vehicles and two wheelers by some of the participants of the march who covered their faces. I don't know if it's because of the sadness of the young people because of their unemployment.
On the 14th October 1949, the leaders of the Khasi Jaintia Federated State National Conference met with the Home Secretary, Home Department Govt.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today met with the Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri. , for the establishment of an ANVC(B) base in parts of West Khasi Hills.
The shops that were burnt down include a tea shop in front of the Nongpoh Town Shopping Complex and a soh shop in front of the Meghalaya Cooperative Apex Bank. .
Through the General Council, all the office bearers for the term 2019-2022 were confirmed and also discussed the issues of the RBDSA and especially the Constitution of the Union, which has been completed. also the Draft before it is implemented.
Maharashtra has the highest number of cases and deaths in the country.
Shillong, June 20: The Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) today slammed the state government for evicting them from Mawlong Market. the purpose is to destroy them.
The photograph was taken inside the Shnong and uploaded on its Facebook page.
“If you say, even if you become a Christian, the judgment is still on,” said Larisa.
His name has been withheld as he is still a 17-year-old boy. He joined the HNLC seven months ago after a conversation on Facebook.
Government officials, Secretaries, Joint Secretaries from various government departments as well as retired IAS and IPS officers attended the ceremony.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today met with JP Nadda, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India, to discuss the issue of opening a hospital. NEIGHRIMS, to become an autonomous hospital.
" he added again.
Kharmyndai is one of the four candidates from the UDP for the mid-term MDC elections from Sohiong-Nongspung to be held on November
The vehicle was on its way to Guwahati when it overturned in the middle of the highway.
On the other hand, the MSKA congratulated all the players of the state who played well in this tournament.
In this regard, the Federation of Khasi States urges that when the State Government informs the KHADC authorities that they do not have the Legislative Competence to pass such Bills, they should have convened a meeting. The KHADC and the Federation of Khasi States to discuss and clarify which other authority can establish the Council or Assembly of the Khasi States, and whether it is the authority of the State Government or the Government of India. The Khasi States should take responsibility to resolve these issues and pass a Bill to enable the Khasi States to get land through the Khadlai Schedule or the Constitutional Amendment to the Khasi States. the Constitution of India through a new Article to have the force of the Act.
Therefore, the government should fine them according to the rules violated.
Speaking after the distribution of blankets, u Bah Sawkmie expressed his happiness to celebrate Christmas with the poor, the elderly and the disabled. and Umpling Umjathang.
At the same time, the informants will also be given a buskit and their names will be kept confidential.
At the meeting, it was also decided to work with the KHADC committee and to urge them to take action to amend the Forest and Land Acts which have been confused for more than 39 years. the Forest Conservation Act 1980 to 2019) because until today we are living in illegal logging and forestry.
Nongpoh: The number of tourist vehicles from Assam to Meghalaya has increased significantly on Saturday and many of the restaurants in Ri Bhoi District have been filled with vehicles from Assam.
And these 7 years were divided into two parts, three and a half years (3 1⁄2 years).
Bora also alleged that the first record had disappeared from the court, adding, “ADM MS Sangma has confirmed that the case will be re-filed and asked to file a new application on this case”. The District Court has fixed the date for the hearing on the 24th.
In the third match, Madankynsaw Mookyndeng beat Newhills 1-0 with Dangri Phawa scoring the first goal in the last minute of the match in the 80th minute.
The body of Tret Mawnai, 48, of Nongbsap A, East Khasi Hills, was taken to Sohiong CHC on 7th June
Jowai, Jymmang 20: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Circle today sent a complaint to the MLA of the constituency, Lahkmen Rymbui and also to the Sub-Divisional Officer Amlarem regarding the electricity shortage in the area. Padu village is located in West Jaintia Hills District.
Prof TK Bamon, Vice Chancellor, Martin Luther Christian University, while speaking as the chief guest, said that the speeches and explanations from the government departments have given a good impression to the students especially those who have real education. The aim is to improve themselves in various fields and to become entrepreneurs by taking responsibility for the welfare of their families and communities.
Assam plans to generate 54MW of electricity and pump water to the Kamrup area from the dam.
So I said, "Let's sing a song.
According to Bah Rani, there are 19 vacancies in the office of the District Forest Officer (Wildlife) in West and East Garo Hills District, 14 vacancies in the office of the District Forest Officer (Wildlife). 94 in the office of the Commissioner of Taxes, Shillong, 20 in the office of the Executive Engineer of PWD (Roads), Barangapara Division, 5 in the office of the Executive Engineer of PWD (Roads). ), Nongpoh Division, one at the office of the Executive Engineer, PWD (Roads), Resubelpara, one at the office of the Superintendent Engineer, Shillong, 2 at the office of the Executive Engineer. PWD (Roads), Jowai, 63 at the Directorate of Land Records and Survey, 14 at the Office of the District Health and Medical Officer, Nongpoh and 39 at the Office of the District Health and Medical Officer, Shilong and at the office of the Medical Superintendent of Civil Hospital Khliehriat.
Fight against Satan so that he will flee and have no place to enter and deceive us.
Because the country and the nation are the ideas that come from God, but the rule without limits or beyond the limits is from the Empire.
She also represented Meghalaya at the MTB Tawang National CFI Championship held in Tawang, where she won the gold medal.
The Dorbar shall sit and discuss the welfare of the state and its people from time to time.
The registration has started today and will continue till 25th October 2019. The review of documents will be on 26th October 2019 and the withdrawal day will be on 28th October
“Besides my name, there are two others whose names I don't know,” he said.
In this regard, the Western Railway has taken measures to ensure the safety of passengers and the operation of trains.
The School of Social Work, Martin Luther Christian University in collaboration with the Office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Khasi Hills District this year jointly conducted training on the rights of consumers through songs, programs. community and students and the media.
The Sohshira Return Group, a group of former residents of Sohshira, has held its first REUNION cum bath on 19 January 2019 at Wah u Niaw.
When asked whether it is because of the contest between Bah HDR Lyngdoh and Bah Kennedy C Khyriem for the vacancy of BDO, Bah Tynsong denied that it is true.
“Also, there is a sense of need to appoint experts who can consult with the agencies in Delhi so that various schemes which have been stalled due to lack of timely completion of requirements can be expedited. ," said the Minister.
Two MLAs of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) Hamletson Dohling and Jason Sawkmie Mawlong and HSPDP MLA Samlin Malngiang will hold a meeting to discuss the issue. Hamletson Dohling will join the NPP on Saturday, while Jason Sawkmie Mawlong will join the NPP on Thursday and Samlin Malngiang will join the NPP on Thursday. he will join on the 10th of this month.
According to an RTI survey by the Khasi Disabilities Association (KDA), out of 32,000 people with disabilities, only 15 people have been employed in the government since the implementation of the Persons with Disabilities (PWD) Act in .
Children are in school for only about 6 hours and 18 hours are under the wings and under the roof of their family.
This Mount Domstar, until recently, was a favorite mountain for elephants.
Eight MDCs from JHADC who have confirmed to join the BJP are Lakhon Biam (UDP), Krishan Langstang (UDP), Treilang Suchiang (UDP), Dawan Lyngdoh (UDP), Andrew Shullai (INC); Arbor Hima (INC), Holando Lamin (INC) and Aiborlang Shadap (INC).
After the ceremony, they held a march from Mawlai Petrol Pump to the Bus Stand and when they reached the Mawlai Stand Bus, the Sur leaders of Mawlai protested against the summons. The DC of East Khasi Hills District has immediately burnt down the Show Cause Notice sent by the DC of East Khasi Hills District. Seven leaders with a deadline of 6th November 2021 to explain their reasons for holding a public rally at Mawlai Petrol Pump on 25th November 2021 and the conduct rally thang mombati on the 27th of July 2021 which was held without the permission of the district authorities in violation of the orders issued by the Government to prevent the spread of Covid-1
The rule of law wants peace.
The KSU in a letter sent to the DC WJH today acknowledged that the Karbi Students Association (KSA) together with the Karbi people can hold a march from Mukoilum to Wah Myntang and from Wah Myntang to Umkhyrmi. These areas fall on the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
Of these nine persons, six are men from Tamulkuchi area, while one is a woman who owns a waidong shop in Jerobad.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pangniang denied that there has been any incident or incident so far.
After meeting with the Principal of the school, she explained that the sending of homework/assignments of the children does not mean that the children have to come to school themselves but they can send them through their parents and on the same day and also by imposing social distancing rules and wearing masks when coming.
Hesmiki Rymbai scored the goals in the 24th and 59th minutes.
“There are those who are crying, there are those who have gone to hospital, there are those who can't eat anymore, there are those who are sad and there are those who have lost their husbands and have become unemployed,” said the reporter. Those who have suffered this evil fate in the expulsion are not ashamed.
They started the fundraising campaign on the 13th of this month at the hotel and the fundraising campaign was named the Multi Level Marketing Scheme called 'Wedding Collection'
Mairang, Naitung 20: The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) in collaboration with the Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the State Government and the EDGE 10 Group, has launched a Talent Identification Programme. The program was held today at Madan Mot Tirot Mairang Mission, Mairang.
When asked whether he was in the area at the time of the incident, Patrick said, “Where else can I go? employees, I have nowhere else to go" he said.
“We will work to strengthen the shoulder of the CEM, this visit I don't want to join the party but personal support,” said Bah Lambor Malngiang.
My concern is how to protect our own snap when we have seen how the trade and inheritance has been taken away by others and we are losing our land”.
