The time to change eyes is almost over, but one eye can be used according to the needs of the eyes.
A good result is expected from the state team against Real Kashmir tomorrow.
A case has been registered under Section 302 IPC of Dawki Police Station. In another incident, a 23-year-old man has been arrested. , he committed suicide on the 14th of June.
Three residents of Barpeta, Assam have sustained burns to 10 to 40 per cent of their bodies, the Minister said.
The next morning they left the village at 7 am.
He also criticized the decline in education and unemployment among the educated youth who have completed higher education.
It is also a fact that the main goal of politicians is victory and victory every five years to compete.
We also see that not only the BSF has treated us the people of North-East, the CRPF and the army have also insulted us.
According to Babu Khongjirem, Director of DSEL, the government has prepared the jobs regarding the recruitment of teachers.
Not only in Jowai, but also in Shillong, the Government should find ways and means to set up an adequate garbage dump perhaps by importing this machine from South Korea. The time will come when the Marten garbage dump will collapse and the damage will be to the Umïam Lake. If all the garbage that has been dumped flows into the Umïam Lake, it will also harm the living things in it. pool.
If the government remains silent on these demands of the party, the party will not hesitate to take other measures to demand the rights of the people, said Herculus. Shooting.
“He went to surrender to the Congress party, which sent him to jail”.
Besides, the residents of the villages along the road can no longer prepare for the Christmas celebration because it is not possible to paint or improve the decoration of their houses due to the excessive heat. Laxmi from Silchar, who came to work in some areas and worked only once and could not repair properly.
“After the TMC candidate from Jowai constituency, Andrew Shullai becomes MLA and the TMC forms the government in the state, we will implement our promises within 100 days,” said Derek Brien. when talking to the media.
The days for the election of the leaders are getting closer from day to day, the candidates who have come out to contest the elections to the Legislative Assembly have a lot of work to do to explain to the people from one village to another.
The first prize went to Maximillia Chullai & Patner for Rs 15,000, Ar Ki Mookhuri for Rs 8,000 and Lai Luminary Liam (Solo) for Rs 5,0 .
In the first leg of the pre quarter, Khliehriat Veteran Club beat Lawsohtun Challengers 3-0 with Carmel Suchiang and Lemo Synnah scoring two goals. col.
“I will hold a campaign on the 8th and 9th of July,” Lyngdoh told reporters.
According to the National Crime Record Bureau (NCRB) in India in 2021, 2 women were raped every 60 minutes and others were raped. %As part of the reversal of the violence against women, it has been seen that in recent years these cases of violence have increased to the point where they have affected women.
Tirot Singh, the Syiem of the Nongkhlaw Hima, stood firm by choosing to remain as Syiem in prison rather than as Syiem tyngshop on the throne.
Shillong: U Congress Leader and MDC from Mylliem Constituency, Bah RV Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the claim by former CEM Titosstarwell Chyne that he is a double standard is groundless.
Explaining the issue in the House on Monday, Conrad said that the Defense Minister Amit Shah has sent to the Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya on the 9th of this month. month to Delhi, to discuss and finalize the MoU to be signed between the two states.
The rangbah does not defile himself with drinking, dressing, profanity, immoral behavior, immorality and other evil deeds that disgrace and defame the village. the creation, the society.
Jharkhand has been under the rule of the BJP for the past three years under the leadership of former Chief Minister Raghubar Das.
“Our demand to include the Khasi language in the Eight Scheduled has nothing to do with Amit Shah's speech because his speech means that Hindi is to be taught in schools.
Expressing his satisfaction with the reply of the Prime Minister, Bah Rymbui requested the Government to set up a Processing Unit at Amlarem to promote the production of kwai and to market this product. rep.
After that he went to class again in the morning and after class he went back to the daju shop.
The Al Wakrah Stadium in Qatar will host the quarter-finals and will also have spectator machines, which will accommodate up to 40,000 spectators.
This is the power of man and the power of God.
North Liberty HSS, Jowai is one of the groups invited to attend the celebration.
“If the central government strengthens the connectivity of the region with other neighboring countries and even with India, it will help to boost tourism.
During the investigation, he said that he came to live in this place with the help of the Mulor / Headman of Jamadwar Village.
The Ri Khasi song is also the national anthem of Ireland, and school children have been encouraged to sing this song and read it in books since class. Primary.
Many of the ASHA workers have expressed their dissatisfaction with the current salary payment system.
West Khasi Hills is a district where 20% or less of the population are government employees, while more than 80% are self-employed, living in agriculture and wage labour.
The Minister said that four jail employees and one policeman were injured in the incident and among them, a policeman was admitted to hospital.
“It's just raining and I'm feeling cold” my father said coldly. “I don't have anything to eat, don't worry,” said the mother and covered her sweater. It is true that the time does not wait for anyone to see now at the end of this year.
Prestone Tynsong said the government has taken this decision after being allowed to implement the construction of houses, roads or bridges by the public or government departments.
In response to a question from this writer, Bah Hamly Thongni, SORDAR of Laitkseh and Bah Kainsing Kharrit, SORDAR of Upper Laitkseh, said that most of their residents are farmers. and the main crops they cultivate are rice, wheat, rice bran and biscuits.
“I don't know exactly, but as soon as I received the information that I have been removed, I left the office before they brought the order,” said Pa'iem Ricky Nelson Syiem.
As of 18th November, 2023, these two groups have purchased 391 MT of sohsaw which has been distributed to the needy areas at centers in Delhi-NCR, Rajasthan, UP and Bihar.
Meghalaya has the 5th highest number of HIV infections in the country and 3 out of 1000 poor women are HIV positive. The rapid increase in the number of people infected with HIV in the state is alarming and the people are increasingly affected by poverty, inequality and lack of health care systems and facilities.
Therefore, the champions expect Stevanovic to play well this season.
They admitted that in the recent incident on 25th June, they had to pay up to T 2000 tyngka for having passengers standing.
In anger at the damage to the crops in the fields, a Khasi chief shot dead the captain.
The opening ceremony was attended by Balajied Rani MDC Nongpoh, PL Nonglait DSEO Ri-Bhoi, Vincent Nianglang DMC, District Unit, Dr. Biren Rani CRC Niangbari, SMC Vice President Briestar Sylliang, Education Department Officers, Rangbah Shnong, School Children, Teachers and the residents of Sohkhwai.
On the other hand, she welcomes the decision of the government to implement the way bridge because what the government is doing is for the benefit of the people.
Candidates will not be allowed to carry more than T.50,0
The Central Armed Police Force (CAPF) will be on duty for the MLA elections in Sohiong constituency where the polling will be held on 10th June.
Then there are the Janadal (United) and the Congress, AAP and many other parties.
Manipur was annexed to India by force, Meghalaya was annexed to India through the Instrument of Accession and many other princely states and territories have been annexed to India,” he said. .
Speaking to media, the Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Dr Mukul Sangma said, “The demand for the cancellation of the social agreement on the border between the Assam government and Meghalaya is because this agreement was signed without the participation of the residents of the state”.
Divorce and religious separation were given by God as He allowed Abraham and Lot to divorce.
(III) The Constitution of the People: The Khasi and Jaintia Hills are the land of forty kings and Khadar Doloi.
To benefit from these schemes, parents can misscall 9687796877, or visit the website www.tmcwecard.com to download the card.
Shillong, June 28: The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday summoned the Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Adelbert Nongrum and the Sordar of Raid Wahkhen, Bah Skhembor. Khong smiled.
This program is part of the fight against drugs so that the youth of War Jaintia area can avoid drinking or using drugs.
On this occasion, Rupang inquired how the meeting of the HSPDP at Sankardev Hall went. It was learned that at the meeting, Bah Hoping President Rangbah opposed the expulsion of Kong Fenela. He said that there is no provision in the Constitution of the party to expel the party. He said that at that time there was a questionnaire to look into the provisions of the Constitution of the party. Bah Hoping has surrendered in front of many.
Under the leadership of the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Donkupar Wahlang, Bah Dwen Lyngdoh, Bah Useful Lakhmie and other elders, the MLA of Jirang had the opportunity to express his views. The problems of the people in the villages and especially on the border issues that they want to have in Meghalaya and even if you look through the documents, they are still in Meghalaya and not in Assam.
About 300 leaders attended the meeting.
Therefore, as those who have believed in the Son of God and His Word, we no longer need to be afraid of anyone when threats come because all superstitious threats come from Satan.
“He added that when joining the VPP, you should have a clear mind why you joined the party because the party doesn't want to be just a breeze but it should be because of the understanding of the mind. thinking so that you can do better in the future.
“We cannot just talk blindly and say let's change or bring about changes in this issue,” said Prestone.
“The voice in my soul says I must stand up and fight this time, no matter what.
His brother said that when he came home from school he didn't come back empty handed he brought money for the people who came for treatment. .30 as people give, and it depends on the number of people who come for treatment,” said his sister. When asked whether the people who came for treatment are from near or far, she said that there are many. people from the city and neighboring villages.
There are reportedly many people who want to wear the juti and it is produced by MSCHF, based in Brooklyn.
On the other hand, the President of the Seng, Dr Wanda Mylliemngap, said that the Seng is encouraged by the willingness of Bah Mitchell to help in the construction of this site through the allocation of funds from the 15th Finance Commission. This children's playground has been improved in a proper manner from sad, lyntang siang and other necessities.
These schemes have helped the farmers because they have also been able to grow their crops.
Thousands of people were arrested and detained in Guwahati. In 1970, when Indira inaugurated the state, HSPDP volunteers were arrested.
Almost every household in the village lives on the cultivation of sohñiamtra, soh jew, jhur and others.
Shillong, Naitung 12: “We are ready to cooperate with other political parties in the state as part of the pre-poll Alliance to contest the Assembly elections in the state. 2018”, said Conrad Sangma, President of the National People's Party.
The Dalloi of Nartiang brought two goats, one for the Syiem and the other for the Nartiang Elaka, which was a special goat and was slaughtered at midnight and at noon. The pandit was the only one who was inside the temple and closed the temple because no one else was allowed to see it on the night of the 22nd.
He said it is therefore necessary to be very careful in passing the ban on meat, as it is the responsibility of the people of the North East.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Executive Committee (EC) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to appoint an inquiry into the failure of the Monolith Festival to be held at the Khasi Heritage Village, Mawphlang.
Speaking to reporters, the Assistant General Secretary of FKJGP, Bah Reginald Kurbah, said that if foreigners do not want to be allowed to close their shops, they should not give reasons.
The Heart of Stone actress was inspired by the dress worn by supermodel Claudia Schiffer in 1992 to show off her dress designed by Chanel. .
Bishop Rev. Purely Lyngdoh said that the All Saints Church is a church that doesn't complain and doesn't complain but walks on a difficult path to serve the people. Unfortunately, we are on a steady path – we don't like to compete with other departments of the Church,” said Bishop Purely Lyngdoh.
I am in this position now because my father is a farmer who works hard to cultivate lyngkha and so I can study and so I came from agriculture,” said Jakhar.
Shillong: U Bah Nujorki Sungoh MLA of Mookaiaw Constituency, today led the Rangbah Shnongs of Barato, Saba area to meet with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to demand the immediate suspension of the The police outpost was located in Saba village in West Jaintia Hills district.
Mizoram has a 510 kilometer border with Myanmar which has not yet been signed.
War said the government has tried to help the youth to set up jobs by providing sub-sidies through various banks.
Shillong: On the 6th November 2021, in the presence of the Village Authorities of Mylliem Area, Seng Bhalang, Seng Samla, Seng Long Kmie, Volunteer Groups and others in the area.
This is in accordance with the decision of the last House in which the House passed the resolution, despite strong opposition from the opposition, until the BJP members had to leave immediately. not in the council.
We know that we cannot please everyone because as the Government we have worked hard to bring about development especially when it comes to the youth,” he said.
He said that the Council has been very vigilant in implementing the Housing Act as Home Stays, Guest Houses, Hotels and others have now started to appear.
Akhilesh Sahani was the only player to score 41 runs from 33 balls.
As a reminder, how to wear a mask when leaving home, wash your hands thoroughly from time to time, and not to sit close to people in any place.
Chairman of the JAC, Bah Ricky Sohlang, while talking to reporters, said that the group is not a group that wants to mine uranium. “Regarding uranium, we don't have anything to say it depends on the people but what we want now is the road for the development of the area. the park of the area" he said.
In the second innings, Sportive Juniors scored 183 runs for the loss of two wickets in 20 overs. Rishi Choudhury scored 65 runs from 57 balls and Digvijay Roy scored 59 runs from 57 balls. 36 vol.
RIP legend of Sohïong.
Hinge said that if any driver receives a complaint, the police will call him and consider both the cases.
First of all, they have to get a place to live and for this purpose they have to shelter from time to time.
She said the union has taken this step to hold an indefinite strike and will continue the strike until the government implements its demands. The meeting was held by the party together with the people from the villages of these border areas.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said, “As we all know what happened in Manipur and the MHA officers who should have been involved in the peace talks with the HNLC have Therefore, the deadline for the peace talks which should have started in the first month of July has been delayed but the state government has not continued. to consult with the MHA in this regard,” said Conrad.
On health, he said the Nehru dispensary at Mawlai Nonglum is still in operation, so his goal will be to get its own place.
“I have been an MDC for six and a half years in this area, I am very sorry for this issue of land grabbing. of Puriang village near Maskut have also complained that their crops have been destroyed and all the complainants are only against Maskut village,” said Jesse Suïam.
The child is from Lapalang village in Pynurla district and is studying in Class-X at Iewrynghep SS School in Mawnianglah.
“One hundred percent you speak the truth,” said Banrilang.
When looking at the documents, there is something wrong with this Jarain Market, but the documents issued by the JHADC, the authority to look after the rural markets, prove that the Jarain Market falls under Amwi. The Priest.
Ma Saje Laloo, resident of Panaliar, Jowai, is a young man who tried to protect the Myntdu River and has filed a complaint with the National Green Tribunal (NGT). to fight and to force the state government to build nur bah to prevent the waste from flowing into the river.
At the same time, he urged especially the children to take part in the cleaning of any place, forests or rivers.
Earlier, Barack Obama authorized US troops to invade northern Iraq to save the precious lives of tens of thousands of people. non-Muslims, who have now been surrounded by ISIS militants, with the intention of killing them.
According to Public Prosecutor KK Sharma, all the seven persons have been sentenced to death in the hands of the law as they have been charged under Section 121 of the IPC. together with the provisions of the UAPA Act.
The Khasi officer, whether he is an I.A.S., M.C.S., M.P.S or others, has to leave the quarter where he is stationed after retirement, while the Punjabi officers receive special treatment. until you are a hundred years old.
The NFSA 2013 PHH and AAY rice has been ordered to be distributed according to the government's target of PHH 5 kilos per capita at the price of 3 tyngka per kilo.
Individual awards were also awarded to the players including the Man of the Match award to the Special Nongrum of Pdengkarong Youth Club, the Best Goalkeeper award to Sambor Tariang, the goalkeeper of Man-I Bha Skhentalang. Marshall Nongrum of Pdengkarong Youth Club and Tiplang Rasmut of Amlarem SCC scored six goals each.
Children are not old enough to use smart phones, tablets, laptops, or the internet.
Earlier, he had a fever, which lasted for three days and his body was examined on 18th July
The Kur Phawa Siangshai Seng Kmie has held a special meeting to encourage and congratulate Shanborlang Siangshai, the prominent wrestler from the state who will represent India at the World Arm Wrestling Championship 2023 to be held in Almaty. , Kazakhstan.
Seven tourists have been staying in a cave in Uttarakhand because they cannot afford to stay in a hotel due to the curfew in India.
Shibun said that in 2018 the BJP will lead the government in the state and will raise the flag of the Congress party. “We have a target that by the end of November this year we will register about 8 lakh members,” he said. its strength according to the number of its members.
They said that their resignation is only because some of the ration consumers of the village are not allowed to cut more than the price set by the government and are not allowed to reduce the price of rice as allocated. him.
Speaking at the meeting, the CM said that the children and youth can showcase their talents and bring medals and fame to the state until they get the opportunity opened for them. their.
According to the schedule, the swearing-in ceremony of the MDCs was supposed to start at 10 am, but by 10:05 am only 17 MDCs came and entered one after another.
*The paid citizens of Khasi Hills are still waiting for the government to judge and act fairly on this issue of renewal of the RP.85% open category for Meghalaya tribe onlyThese are the witnesses that God still loves them. Meghalaya and especially to our Khasi Jaintia people.
Daniel 9:24-25.
The government is ready to relocate the vendors from Khyndai Lad to another place, in order to beautify and make it a clean and beautiful place for tourists.
“We are here to explain to the people so that the people know what we are doing in the Council,” said the CEM of KHADC. that an allegation of misappropriation of funds has arisen.
:The new Khasi song, “Nga ieid iaphi” will be released on the 10th of March
"It's like Niakha.
During the inspection, the Committee office bearers also found that there are many shortcomings, such as the shops of the market dwellers, which have started to be damaged and besides the bread shops are not enough and especially that the market is broken.
The winners will receive cash prizes, trophies and medals.
Police also seized 125.19 grams of heroin, 4550 tyngka, Epic Card, Aadhaar Card, Driving License and Pancard from the suspect.
In a statement, Batista Khongphai, Organizer of the Sohra area, said that Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit will visit these two places to preach about clean politics.
He said that sports has become one of the activities that can save lives.
David Scott learned of the incident many days later.
Now we see the number 1260 days.
The Job Card holders in the village, have confirmed before the BDO that there has been no misuse of the scheme and any work done in the village under the MGNREGS scheme has been decided by the BDO. There is no corruption or misuse, but the scheme is implemented in accordance with the rules of procedure of the scheme.
Several land owners have expressed their sorrow and shock over this attack by the government forces against their property without any knowledge.
The committee also sought an estimate from the government to know how much coal has been reserved since the ban in
In 2018, the American Society of Human Genetics rejected the war and found that the belief of the white race that their blood is pure is unfounded and unreasonable. .
The HSPDP has a strong foundation, stronger than any other ethnic party in the state,” said Bah Ardent while talking to reporters after being sworn in by Bah Diosstarness Jyndiang.
For the glory of God did lighten it, and the light of the Lamb (Jesus Christ)" Revelation 21:23-2
Moodop Royal won the title after beating Catholic Youth Mihmyntdu 2-1
During these years, there have been many attacks against Christians and other minorities.
The government has signed an agreement with the Meghalaya Rural Bank to assist the Meghalaya Rural Bank. The state currently has 45% of villages far from banks and will try to reduce it by 10% by the end of this year.
The complainant said that the robbers robbed him and the driver of the vehicle, and later, they drove away the driver while he was dragged into the forest. byrngem smiled at him.
Police have registered a case against him at Ampati Police Station under Case No. 19(04)2023 U/s 22(b)/25 NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing.
“Thank you,” said Mr Das.
The Congress has recently announced that it will nominate its only MLA from Garo Hills, Saleng Sangma, while the same MLA will nominate from Shillong Parliamentary seat. MP, or Ma Vincent H Shovel.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the CEM said that there are about 3500 Khasi Kurs, and he said that until now there is no law to strengthen the functioning of the Khasi Kurs. long kind.
Therefore, the KSU has requested the authorities to listen to our request and expedite the work as desired.
Because when they stand on the stage and turn to the people, they don't hesitate but they accept that the people are their friends who come to encourage them.
Why don't you come to Delhi, I'm an MLA...MP here.
“The Raid Shylla has disappeared because there is no raid land anymore due to the actions and rule of the Lyngdoh,” said the Rangbah.
There is no hope of having wise and intelligent leaders in this generation.
We cannot ignore the facts that the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum have been misled from time to time by the leaders who issue these nonsense.
He managed to knock out Nabam Ganiabad and then Tana Hurka.
Shillong Lajong Football Club and Mawlai Sports Club have won the first leg of the semi-final of the Meghalaya State League (MSL)
Why do we say that because in MDA 1.0, the parties that are working together are the NPP, BJP, UDP, HSPDP, PDF and others.
He said that regarding the implementation of protocols to protect the residents of the state from the Covid-19 pandemic, the Deputy Commissioners have been directed to take the necessary action.
“The inability of Assam to speak about the National Register of Citizens (NRC) in the right manner, I said, is a threat to the influx of other people into the state,” said Pala.
However, the school does not know that the State Government as a whole is talking about the need for the State Government not to rush to reopen schools, even after the Lockdown, on the contemplation of that this Khlam shall not be resurrected.
The JAC also urged the DC to stop the construction of the road and at the same time, they urged the DC to send security forces to the area. The JAC does not want to cause any riots or tragic incidents like what happened recently in Mukroh.
The Jews or Israel are God's chosen people, and what God has said and promised cannot be changed upon them.
Shillong: On the 23rd of this month, the Diengsong Youth Club in collaboration with NYK Shillong has launched a Clean India Campaign to encourage the residents of the village to eradicate the spread of plastic.
NEHU urges various groups, staff, students, parents and the public to respect the news published by the University and to verify the information provided by the University. to avoid gossip and false news.
Out of the 52 shops, 34 shops have been taken away by the shopkeepers who have settled down, 13 shops have been given 30 days to clean up their goods, 4 shops have been handed over to the Khasi people. and the other is waiting for them to be registered among the families who sell the foreigners.
Rama entered Ayodhya after fourteen years of exile.
The meeting was led by the President of HANM, Ri Bhoi, Bah Ajit Makri in the presence of other members of the HANM from the district.
Passbhalang said that after the JAC received the RTI, the Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima, Bah Shemphang Thabah, handed over the village of Nongwah Mawtamur to the Hima Jirang.
Donald Thabah claimed that the land belongs to the university and will remain the property of the university.
“I will review the progress of the projects of the department including the Smart City Project tomorrow,” said Bah Sniawbha.
New Delhi: U Rahul Gandhi today slammed the BJP government for allegedly listening to his phone calls on various numbers.
The salary alone has reached billions of rupees per annum and how will this money be spent?
Speech was also delivered by Dr.WR Kharlukhi who explained that the choice of Mawlyndep for this project is also to attract tourism which can also improve health.
After surviving the attack in Zhob, Balochistan, the Jamaat-e-Islami leader said he was not afraid of death.
On the other hand, Wailadmiki Shylla, MLA, 2nd Jowai Constituency was the chief guest in the presence of L.Dkhar, MDC, JHADC, K.Rymbai, Chancellor. the University along with parents and students.
The death toll in the past 24 hours has risen to 20, bringing the total to 5,3
“Fortunately, the LPG cylinder was not used in the shop, but something tragic happened that led to the death of those inside the shop,” said Roy Kupar Synrem, general secretary. HYC has not been appointed.
“I don't think we can fill the vacancy left by PA Sangma.
Out of the 6 employees of the Secretariat who have tested positive for COVID-19, 65 are High Risk Contacts and out of these 30 have already tested negative. , while the others will be tested today.
The War Jaintia Students Union (WJSU) also demanded the establishment of an Amlarem Town Committee which can bring about development in the surrounding areas and villages under the Amlarem Civil Sub-Division.
When asked whether the legal notice is based on the rights of the Members of Parliament, the former Prime Minister said, “Therefore, I say that under what provision of the law does he (Henry) issue the rights of the Members of Parliament? you can send me a legal notice"
In addition, the Dorbar Shnong Lapangap has informed about the destruction of the trees planted by the Shnong on Lum Moopyrdet Pynthor Lapangap.
However, what is important is the need for intervention by the heads of government before the fire burns.
Shillong, March 1: The State Government tomorrow 2nd March will distribute about 24,000 Mobile Tablets to 24,000 Class XII students across the state through the Information Department. and Technology.
These capsule courses are conducted free of charge by the participants.
It is on this point that the Book of Psalms David says – “Teach us to number our days, that we may gain a heart of wisdom” (Psalm 90:12).
The BJP President said there will be a meeting tomorrow with the MLAs who have expressed their willingness to support the NDA candidate but he did not want to elaborate on this.
D. In the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873, there is also a provision prohibiting foreigners from buying land in the state where the ILP is in force. Regulation 1873 is still in force and only a Notification from the Governor is required to implement it, as it has been adopted through the United Khasi Jaintia Hills District Regulation 1952, through Section 79 of the North. The Eastern Reorganization Act, 1971 and also through the Meghalaya Adoption of Law Order,
• The word faith is a legal and reasonable difference of opinion, contradiction and debate.
Shillong: The ASHAs of West Khasi Hills District, Shillong, have staged a rally in Nongstoin to urge the State Government to implement their demand for a salary increase.
The NBNAM has demanded 50 percent employment for the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people.
“The power struggle will be between the opposition and the ruling party and we in the ruling party don't know what will happen tomorrow,” he said.
The President of the BJP in the state, Manmohan Samal, said that the farmers of the state have been marginalized and neglected under the BJP government because their income per annum is low. tam inside the country.
For those who wish to receive information and training, the department has also deployed personnel for this purpose at the hospital.
The voice of the residents of Nongtrai area is that with the passage of time and the growth of the population, the Sub Center is no longer able to serve the residents.
Shillong: The Government of India has introduced two changes in the electricity bill calculation through the amendment of the Electricity (Rights of Consumers) Rules,
These three volunteers, Secretary Richot Chanbha Nongtdu, Tbn Bhalang Lamurong and office bearers of the village distributed these blankets at the school of the village.
Furthermore, to provide information to the people, Public Interaction Programs (PIP) have been conducted in various parts of the country in which those involved in this work have participated.
Therefore, the belief of Christians that God hears only their prayers is completely wrong.
Three more doctors of Gauhati Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) have tested positive for Covid-19 today.
He said 22 CAPF personnel have been deployed 24 hours a day to guard the Strong Rooms where the EVMs from 3419 Polling Stations in 59 Constituencies have been installed.
“On the border, all the 22 villages are united and want the CEM to be present and talk about peace, not like in Lapangap.
Shillong, March 4: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has expressed its deep sorrow over the recent power struggle between the Meghalaya government and the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). significant impact on the labor provisions of the national constitution.
Moses said, "
It is to be informed that a fire broke out in the house of Kong Bashisha Pyngrope on the morning of the 19th of this month until all the belongings were burnt down. I'm sorry for this family.
You are a shame.
However, the public also received information about these incidents.
At that time, she was accompanied by an elderly man, Bah Holdmark Ïawram.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has announced no new cases of COVID-1
It is not known whether the NPP leader's statement is true or false, in which he has expressed his desire to enter the Rajya Sabha or the House of Representatives, if any. opportunity this present time.
In Jowai, Mulait United will face Pdengkarong Youth Club at 2:30 pm.
“Then the party will decide on the applications,” Sangma said.
A $2 million grant program will be launched under the U.S. Science and Technology Endowment Fund for the development and commercialization of artificial intelligence (AI) and quantum technologies, and to encourage collaboration with people and private group to set up High Performance Computing (HPC) centers in India.
Yoosar said that more than 70 people will participate in this event and the participants will be accepted from Ri-Lum Jaintia, Khasi, Garo and those who come. residence within the state.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, today informed the public that masks should be worn lynter in market places and those who do not wear masks will be fined.
5) Not to ignore the actions of others:- It is said that to prevent this disease, one should wash one's hands with alcohol, eat eggs. cow and drink cow's milk (see Mawphor dt.18.03.2020).
The KSU will also meet with the DC in Nongpoh to discuss this issue and if the DC does not take action, the KSU will take its decision to shut down the company. which has caused suffering to the people of the area, he said.
In this regard, the President of Seiñraij Ialong, Pyrkhat Shylla, has appealed to all the people who like to come and walk in this park and also in Pynthor Ialong. Please register before coming on that day (22/9/2022) so that this ritual will be held smoothly without any disruption.
“The Chief Minister has agreed to open the new office on the 26th of this month under the name of Lumshnong C&RD which will benefit the people and the Narpuh area as a whole,” said Emlangki.
“It's easy to talk, but the question arises what have you done,” said Bah Titos.
On that day, those who went out on the road were shot and tied until they were injured.
Ollan said that he doesn't want to promise anything before the election but to do the job first, because a person can still respect how hard he has tried but not how much he has done. won.
This decision was taken after the Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Sanbor Shullai together with officials visited the site where the statue stands.
This pledge came after the request of the AITC Leader and former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma, who stressed on the need to work in the morning when using the funds.
Develop : means to develop, to develop, to enhance, to develop, to develop. roi, san, heh, proh, kike are words that have been added with the prefix pyn to convey the meaning of the word.
“By signing the agreement, they have violated the Instrument of Accession and our rights,” he said.
Jowai, July 11 : The East Jaintia Mid-Day Meal Workers Union (ETWU) on Tuesday held a meeting at West Khliehriat Community Hall in the presence of the office bearers of the Central Body of the All Jaintia Mid-Day Meal Workers Union.
Police said that members of the KSU and FKJGP had also posted a sign saying 'No ILP No Rest' on his vehicle.
According to sources, these people were planning to visit Laitlum and return to Laitkor Lad Sahep.
As a public leader, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh also gave a warning and encouragement to the students, that besides their studies, they should also have such programs to take part or to perform. However, as young people, we should not forget to study because in this age of knowledge, education is very valuable in all aspects of life. added.
For he that sitteth on the ass shall not ride upon the ass, but shall come in the clouds to judge and to reign for 1,000 years here on earth.
He also threatened to move forward if he had to go to the law enforcement agencies.
A short speech was also delivered by Samla Wallamjingshngaiñ Suting, the new President of the Circle, who said that he has nothing to say as the President who has just assumed the post of Leader.
Nongstoiñ: The 2nd Invitational Knock Out Football Tournament organized by the New Nongstoin Sports Social and Cultural Club (NNSSCC) will be played again today between Iawphniaw FC and Solid Target. FC. The match between these two teams will start at 1:30 PM at the New Nongstoiñ Stadium and it can be said that the match will be very interesting.
The question now is whether who is the rightful Secretary, Bah Tiewdop or Bah Ora????.
Shillong: The Hill's Farmer Union, Thadlaskein Block Unit, West Jaintia Hills District has congratulated the Forest Department of West Jaintia Hills District through the Ranger Office for distributing medicinal plants to the farmers.
In a statement, Balse Kharbani, General Secretary of the FKJGP, said that when they met with the father of the child, he said that he was not able to do anything. The household is filled with sorrow because a dark cloud comes to cover the household without thinking.
This post was also sent to Phermeki for her approval and she liked this post on Facebook.
If we have been able to meet the demand for fish in our own state, we can also think of exporting fish from here to other states but we should not spray formalin on the fish because it is like a poison. we feed the hungry and the poor and those who have already paid money and not just eat.
Psalm 111:9 says, "Holy and fear-inspiring is his name.
The JSU has alleged that GVK EMRI has violated the rights of the employees of 108 by cutting their salaries despite the many problems faced by these employees.
On this basis, the KSU has requested the Minister of Home Affairs, James K Sangma to take action to assist the border residents and to bring about development projects for their development.
If the Church is strong, society is strong.
Regarding whether these measures have been taken by the DC, Bah Shane said that while the Town Vending Committee has not been set up, the sale of land remains the same.
“It is the responsibility of the party to appoint leaders but now it has come to light through the Delhi race of Congress leaders. They didn't inform me, they didn't tell me, how could I know that, how could I speak to the media about it when they didn't say anything to me," he added.
You are the hero of the nation, You are not afraid, you are not afraid of evil;
I am proud that there are Indians like you,” said Sonali Phogat.
He said the government should make public all the prices of food items so that all the people of the state can know the prices of food items in every shop.
Police have arrested Anup Sen of Laban Shillong after receiving a tip on the presence of a man who was planning to smuggle drugs from Guwahati to Shillong. Police have seized a Tourist Sumo number ML 05-S-6642 from Umsning and searched the vehicle. Police have recovered 2 boxes of heroin along with T.10880 cash.
He said that the Association now urges all the contractors who have been employed under the PHE department to stop working, but if the government remains silent they will not hesitate to go to court and demand their rights. their.
Shillong, July 29: An anonymous person has lodged a complaint with the Law Secretary of the State Legal Affairs Department to remove the Assistant Public Prosecutor (APP) and appoint another one on charges of failure to perform his duties. they didn't ask me.
Pillika R Marak (25 not out) while Mikchikime (19) and Cheriksa S Sangma (15) were the players who scored 10 runs. for the group.
This damage will not only affect the market vendors, day laborers or domestic workers.
Similarly, the state government has initiated to improve the quality of education through the recruitment of students at the Vidya Samiksha Kendra and the salary of teachers.
Nongkseh recalled that last year the PHE department through the office of the Deputy Commissioner Ri-Bhoi came to inspect the site and to test whether the water is safe or not. On the 12th of July, a report was received that the water flowing in these streams is unfit for drinking and poses a threat to the public.
“I am confident that it will grow and get the full support of the people of Meghalaya as well.
“Don't play chess anymore like you used to play chess.
“Meghalaya is not Pakistan and Assam is Bangladesh but both states are still part of India and there is no problem in revising the rules,” he said.
Before joining Mumbai City FC, Noguera played for FC Goa for two seasons in 2021-2
The Election Commission of India (ECI) on Saturday announced that the counting of votes in these two constituencies of Meghalaya and other North Eastern states will be held at 19th June.
Earlier, the AJCA had won its first victory by beating East Khasi Hills.
Members of various Kuki armed groups have been living in a shlem in Chungkhao area of ​​Churachandpur district of Manipur. the Central Government and the State Government of Manipur.
A truck carrying coke or coal has overturned on the highway in Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi District and spread to another part of the highway. service road or to operate vehicles going to parts of Shillong.
Philbet Hanse cannot walk or stand, so he has to park and use a wheelchair and Pering Pale cannot walk and has difficulty. walk to and fro due to weakness in both legs.
Carrying of any weapons is prohibited.
Medical scientists are still trying to find a cure for the disease, which has prompted the government to lock down many Chinese cities.
“Expressing the hope that his work will speak to every household in the constituency,” said Bah Hamlet, “But every night there are those who go to mislead by saying that Bah Ham he is now fighting for the NPP, which is a foreign party.
Conrad K. Sangma also praised Bah AH Scott Lyngdoh who was the Minister in charge of Finance of Meghalaya and said that this leader has helped him personally in his work. .
This is also the first time that the record of the election held on 15th June 1996 has been broken by 49 candidates. there are competitors.
A 35-year-old man was brutally murdered in Singhu, on the border with Delhi, this morning.
The entry fee for the contestants is Rs.500.00 per person.
He said that if the uniform is introduced, it will cause problems to those who carry daju to class and work in the ministry.
To date, there are 200 fighter jets, 50 warships, 35,000 troops and 900 British royal marines to lead the fight.
Noting that the mining of coal along the road may not require modern equipment, the Court has directed that the State, whether with the assistance of CIL or not, should ensure that it does not require the mining of coal. availability of coal in all areas as mentioned in para 3.
He said that the natural forces of the country have been hit more and more frequently due to the shortcomings of the country in terms of its construction methods, as well as the excessive logging has caused frequent floods. especially inside North Korea.
The fire started at 8.45 pm and was extinguished at 4.10 pm.
“This land has been released so that it will be more beautiful and more peaceful for the people of the state. This land has been proposed to be handed over to the Urban Department. Affair to do something to beautify this place by building any kind of building for the benefit of the people,” he said.
Dr Aman War said, “We have always had this gratitude and deception since ancient times even in our stories since ancient times”.
“We have received the guidelines from the Ministry of Panchayati Raj that the three district councils should have their own portals or small gates, without which the money cannot be released. ," said Mr. Prestone.
The toilet also has two toilets and showers, two IWCs and two EWCs. The toilets will be operated by Sulabh International for 30 years. .
On the following day, on the morning of 8th November 2019, with the assistance of the Assam Rifles, the ANTF arrested another person. Rahul Das was arrested and 119.48 gms of heroin was seized from him. Another trafficker, Imran Mynthlu, escaped from the scene.
These youths have been able to participate in the Rafting Competition for the first time with the support of Meghalayan Age Ltd. The organizers of the Competition have also selected two youths from the state to be the winners. as Safety Kayakers in this competition.
Earlier, CPC President Naba Bhatteercharjee said that the rally was started in 1993 by the CPC which despite many difficulties has not backed down.
He said the people of the state should give their support to the Congress in the upcoming MP elections from Shillong and Tura constituencies.
Mukherjee said the youth should have their own jobs and raise their villages and cities to a level that is worthy of the century. the 21st.
If they don't own this land, they should prove when they bought this land and how they got this land under the Sixth Schedule”.
“This has created doubt among the people,” said Ardent Basaiawmoit in a zero hour notice issued by Congress MDC Pynshngain N Syiem and Lamphrang Blah on the first day of the Dorbar. He said that the allocation of funds for this project is not adequate because only for the two toilets has been spent up to T.32 lakh and many questions have arisen from the people who have expressed their doubts. on this expenditure of money.
It is for this reason that many children especially in the rural areas have had to go to work even though they are not old enough and this is known as 'Child Labour'
She also distributed this article to schools, colleges and public places.
If we know how to do so, we will be happy before the world and before God as well.
In South Garo Hills, 1 case, 4 cases in South West Khasi Hills, 96 cases in West Garo Hills, 41 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 3 cases of Health Worker, High Risk Contact 11, New Wolves Cluster 3, Nongryngkoh Cluster
At the same time, the relatives filed a complaint against the hospital and the doctor who pronounced death.
This amazing ingredient can also help in restoring the beauty of the skin by applying it on your face.
Shillong: The BJP-East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday decided to give its full support to the NPP candidate Ampareen Lyngdoh for the Lok Sabha elections to be held on 19th June.
Spartan CC managed to score 137 runs for the loss of 10 wickets after 32.1 overs.
Some people go to pray in holy places and others pray in holy places of the mountains.
:The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the United Nations Economic and Social Commission (UNESCAP) Subregional Capacity Building Workshop for Bangladesh, Bhutan, India and Nepal (BBIN) Connectivity at Taj Vivanta, Shillong.
The protest was organized by foreign workers from various factories in MIDC Industrial Estate Umïam.
After the arrest, the group on 27th November announced that it will ban the supply of oil to the State.
The Dorbar Shnong Panaliar also took part in the event through the Panaliar Women's Welfare Committee, while in Shangpung, Laskeiñ Block, a special program was held at the Auditorium Hall.
Vehicles to be allowed to travel on the 13th should end with the numbers 0,2,4,6 and 8 and commercial and private vehicles should end with the numbers 0,2,4,6 and
The residents should not worry about the needs of food and beverages and should phone the shopkeepers on the days allowed by the Government to open shops and the needs will be delivered. to the households through volunteers provided by the Village Authority.
Abhay Gurung scored another goal for Lajong in the 86th minute.
If a position or pass is not obtained in the General List or Tribal List, students shall check again how many subjects they have obtained Distinction.
If the market vendors earn not less than 20 lakh tyngka per day and if the market vendors are removed, the State will lose money and the families of the market vendors will also starve.
Before the awarding ceremony, the General Secretary of the Unit, Bah Toborlin Syiemlieh, read out a pledge on cleanliness.
Also present on the occasion was Bah M.Kharkrang, Retired Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) who has announced that he will contest the election from North Shillong (Jaiaw) constituency. God will guide them for good intentions, especially when their works are clean and trustworthy.
The Assistant Inspector General of Police (A) GK Iangrai has announced that the Khliehriat Police Station and the Khliehriat Women Police Station have been temporarily closed after several policemen of these police stations were arrested. COVID-19 disease.
The turnout in the four constituencies of Ri-Bhoi including Jirang was 57.04%, Mawhati 69.80%, Nongpoh 65.66%, Umroi 74.18% and Umsning 76.54%.
“The Congress MP said that Mukul Sangma will become Chief Minister again, I wonder where they will get MLAs to appoint Susmita Deb. The government has decided to take their MLAs from Karnataka.
On the other hand, u Bah Carness urged the district council to enforce the laws on the trafficking of foreigners to the villages to the markets in the villages and to empower the village authorities to ensure that foreigners do not enter the villages. they shall not be able to come and do business in this land.
Besides being the 'Father of Khasi writing', Thomas Jones should deserve the title of founder of schools and shaper of the nation at the time of need.
Any teams who wish to take part in this cricket tournament can apply for an application fee of T.100/- and the entry fee for one team is /- amount.
The President of the RBYF, Bah Bipul Thangkhiew, said that the RBYF has expressed its gratitude to the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia for their participation in the procession on the 30th of March. village leader.
Speaking after the meeting, JACATAM Chairman Bah ED Nongsiang said that the strike scheduled for the 24th and the indefinite strike have been decided to be postponed because of the The Chief Secretary on the orders of the Prime Minister has called for a meeting with them on the 30th of this month and explained what the government has thought for the teachers.
Speaking at the meeting, the CM said, “The New Shillong Water Supply Project worth T.1600 crore is one of the largest projects that the government has allocated.
Besides the intrusion of street vendors, even those who own their own shops are struggling to spread their goods beyond the boundaries of their shops or shops.
Just as man cannot live alone, he needs social animals, so he is a political animal.
It is time for the State Government to take seriously this issue, because we see that in the name of employment and employment, many foreigners have come out. and therefore, if our people cannot do these jobs, then there is no point in setting up these offices in the area.
After the seizure, the kyiad and the buyer were taken to the dorbar hall for further investigation.
Shillong, July 22: U Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem has strongly opposed the banks which opened on Friday which is a holiday in memory of the father of the deceased. From the Rev. Thomas Jones.
After a while, the police took the three MDCs and other members away, put them in a bus and took them to Iewrynghep Square in Laitumkhrah.
Our nation is now facing strong and powerful foreign forces and if we don't empower and strengthen the shoulders of our children, men and women through education and inheritance, we will lose. In fact, our mother nation will find it difficult to fight against this attempt of these foreign powers to violate our rights here in our own country.
On the other hand, Assam has ranked at the bottom among the North Eastern States in the implementation of the JJM scheme. only to 49.15% of the households.
Therefore, he hopes that the candidate that the UDP will nominate will win if he works with the HSPDP. 14 MLAs and 8 MDCs. When asked whether the UDP will invite the VPP to cooperate with the HSPDP, Bah Renikton expressed his satisfaction that if the VPP cooperates with the candidate, but he understands that it is difficult for the VPP to cooperate because it has already announced its candidate.
The residents of Matia, have been sleepless nights these days, after Laden, shot and killed these residents on Tuesday night.
" In fact, the word “leader" is very meaningful.
There was also a distribution of food items and gifts to the Khunswet areas by various government departments and civil society groups.
Let us turn a little to how to respect human rights in all these things. To understand clearly that in the past thousands of years (centuries) we can see that there has been a great deal of respect for our human rights when there is respect and respect for others.
Recently, there was a leak of information within the police department which explained that the GNLA has tried to smuggle in the country by sending about 500 of its members for training.
Four MDCs in favor of Pynshngaiñ include Dr. Donkupar Roy MLA of Shella, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh MLA of Nongthymmai and Dr. Jemino Mawthoh MLA of Nongthymmai. Senior Leader of the party, Bah Bindo M Lanong.
In Motphran, YMCA Mawkhar, Them Bijoy and Garikhana were closed.
“We also need to increase the number of hotels not only in Shillong but on the outskirts of Shillong.
Meghalaya is called a Christian State because it has a large number of Christians whether in Garo Hills or Khasi and Jaintia Hills. The Garo people are a rich people in their own religions and customs, and the Khasi-Pnar people are also rich in their own religions and customs.
On the other hand, Mylliem, although they tried hard to turn the tide, did not manage until the end of the first half.
The school, which has received assistance from the Asian Development Bank, has been able to renovate the classrooms in such a beautiful manner. There was also a special room for those children who wanted to study Computer.
Police said that some people saw the youth when he was lying on the bridge at about 7 pm.
Nongstoiñ: Iawphniaw FC will face Khiemusniang FC in the pre quarter final of the 2nd Invitation Knock Out Football Tournament organized by the New Nongstoiñ Sport Social Cultural Club (NSW) today. NNSSCC).
“This case has been going on for more than 10 years, but the state government has not believed or done what is necessary against the overloaded vehicles,” the High Court said.
In a letter to the Law Commission of India, the Bishops of these religious states including Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh, Bishop Wilbert Marweiñ, Bishop-elect Ferdinand Dkhar and Additional Bishop of Tura, Jose Chirackal, said that the UCC will affect the religious beliefs, customs and traditions and the special rights of the indigenous peoples.
She said that there should be a market free from middlemen or kilo traders of agricultural products, but to have a direct relationship between the seller and the buyer, not to pass by.
After that, my classmate Malvin Passah, who is now a pastor, asked me to come and teach at Alpha English Higher Secondary School Nongpoh in 2001 and so I didn't understand what was happening and I continued. I have been teaching at the same school Nongpoh until now.
The event was attended by MDC Lamphrang Blah, Carnes Sohshang, Fantin Lakadong, Executive Members (EMs), KHADC officers and PWD and PHE officials. the state government.
Dios received 11,189 votes while Maieid Hoping in 2013 received 10,931 votes, which is 258 votes.
(End of the age).
Former MDC Lamdibok Sumer, Vice President of UDP Amlarem Circle Unit and Medling Swer, Working President, presented the party's objectives and future activities. to prepare for the Lok Sabha elections.
Nongpoh, July 12: Following the government's promise to build and paint a new road from 13Mer Byrnihat to Killing, the HANM, Women Wing, Sengkmie, have met with the EE of PWD Nongpoh Division, to inquire whether the contractors have started the work of cleaning the road.
This flyover will continue to Umshyrpi Bridge.
The residents of the area have demanded that Jio should provide its services and as of now the company has lost the trust of the people as it has not been able to provide services.
He said the Andhra Pradesh government has now strictly monitored the smuggling of fish by testing all the ponds and fish farms to ensure that the fish smuggled out are clean and free from drugs.
Noting that this poses a serious threat, the court said that this can lead to discrimination and violence in the appointment process.
The Seng will take all necessary measures to ensure that the Government will abolish the personal interview,” said the statement.
The motorcycle race was held in collaboration with the Royal Enfield Riders of Meghalaya Police on Friday.
They said that if the party and its leaders do not take any action against these members who shot Bah Charming, it shows that it is no longer a party or a group of students but a group of students. but a company of wild beasts.
This happened at 7 pm on 19th November
In the past few months, the HNYF and other volunteers have raided a place where nuti used to work in Ri Bhoi District.
However, the District Congress Committee leaders did not accept his proposal.
Such allegations are the intention of the opposition parties to mislead and mislead the people of the country as a whole, for the sake of gaining political support for those parties. .
At the same time, it cannot be denied that the BJP knows how to attract voters by introducing various schemes ranging from cleaning, construction of toilets, construction of houses from provision of drinking water through the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM), strengthening of security measures against violence, distribution of several kilos of ration to the poor every month, and many others that cannot be listed here.
On the other hand, the Minister of State, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, said that the government should not reduce the income of the day laborers as they are the ones who are responsible for the rules and regulations. He said that the mining industry in the state has started for a long time.
Another C&RD Block to be inaugurated by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma is the Lumshnong Community and Rural Development Block (C&RD) on the 26th of November
Mr. Eden is a member of the Presbyterian Church in Langkyra.
Shillong: There have been 189 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 256 recoveries and 3 deaths.
Not only that, even the Revenue Department in Nongstoiñ has already completed its duties.
In his opening remarks, Wompher Shadap, Capacity Building Specialist, SBM Urban Affairs Department, explained about the Waste Recovery Center which is run by the Umpling Dorbar Shnong.
Therefore, the Government is requested to direct the Jio Company to provide the network during this time of Covid-19, so that it will be of general benefit.
Ranaut said her speech was aimed at the protesters in Shaheen Bagh in Delhi, who were protesting against the citizenship bill on the grounds that it was an anti-Muslim law.
The second goal was almost scored like the first goal when Buam gave the ball to Bina who was waiting to get it and easily took advantage of it through the first goal. head.
Nongthymmai's Andyson and Robi Hansda had the opportunity to score but they didn't get the chance to score.
Dunno Fifteen (IND) –
Let's do some household chores that are allowed to be done now,” said the sister with a laugh.
At the coming of the Messiah, righteousness and truth will stand firm and the coming of the Messiah also means the restoration of peace and the restoration of rule and justice.
Nongstoiñ, March 17: The District Selection Committee (DSC) of West Khasi Hills District, West Khasi Hills, has announced that it will conduct a running competition for youths who apply for the post of Demonstrator (Soil and Water Conservation). Hundreds of youths who applied for the job on the 6th refused to take the physical test.
The Shillong Referees Society (SRS) on Saturday held a small ceremony to pay tribute to Riiohlang Dhar, who was involved in the 2013 FIFA World Cup. You have won the Fifa Batch 2020-2
Samla Thangkhiew said that the electricity supply in Umsong and the Western area is very poor and sometimes the villages lose even the electricity supply, which has caused problems. The residents, besides having to pay the electricity bill in their homes, also have to pay the mombati or sharak bill on the days of power outage.
Hamlet Dohling said the state government will meet in these days to discuss the Meghalaya Solid Waste Management Policy to discuss the cleanliness of the city in Shillong and surrounding areas.
Furthermore, the union condemns the violence of the Jorobat Police Outpost, where they often harass and ignore even the vehicles of people from the border areas with Assam. added Mr. Marcus Martin.
This means that it is the responsibility of the State Government to issue a notice and from time to time to amend by notice the Inner Line in one or more of the districts included in the this law.
In view of the need to have a relationship between health workers and the community, the government has also decided to introduce village health councils.
“If we have improved the road here in Mairang for 10 years, you will not get it in the countryside for 10 years.
This has surprised us,,,maybe it's a trick of someone just to blame the Khasi.
The Khad Ar Daloi College and the College Committee congratulated Sawaka Kynjing for bringing glory to the College and Jaintia Hills and wished her continued success in her studies.
This desire leads them astray to evil, said the Archbishop.
The NTPC will sponsor boxing for the next five years and the REC Foundation will sponsor Hockey (for women), Athletics and Boxing for the next three years.
With no more deaths reported in any part of the state, the death toll from floods and other incidents caused by heavy rains has continued. 18 people so far.
He said that in the past few days, there has been a decrease in the number of ticket purchases online, after the opposition of some groups but he urged the public not to misunderstand, as the intention is to develop the state.
We need leaders like him,” said Sunny Deol, now 62 years old.
I asked them, "Have you ever heard of anyone building a statue of a living person?" Some said, "We don't know," others said, "We have never heard of it.
The HNLC, at the same time, invites the leaders of the HNLC, who have been targeted by the state police, to join hands with the HNLC, in order to fight with guns against the HNLC. State government.
“This meeting with the Minister of Tribal Affairs was successful and he promised to take action to provide financial assistance to the council to improve and preserve the heritage of the ancestors in this area and the culture and heritage of the people. Thombor said while speaking to Syllad.com from Delhi.
To admit that we can still be the owners of our own country I feel that we are wrong, because now we are still in the corner of our own house that we can still admit that we are still the owners but other things have not happened. trai from u sweat state bar.
Director James Man Gold in an interview with the media said it was a pleasure and encouragement for him to direct another part of the film.
“If one of these 15 people who came to the funeral site tests positive for covid, all these people will have to stay in quarantine,” he said.
It flourishes because it shines another because it doesn't have any mental abundance.
Buromlangki Salahe of Ladthadlaboh scored a hat trick in the 2nd, 65th and 70th minutes.
Therefore, the union on this day has closed down all the shops and stalls of foreign traders until they provide and renew their Trading License.
He said that farmers from different parts of Bhoi, when they try to deliver their produce to these markets, are often arrested and fined when they reach Mawiong and not that. , but they were turned away from the vehicles carrying jhur, which caused a lot of trouble to the farmers.
Batskhem Dkhar scored 28', Pynsakhiat Dkhar 38', Risanlang Dkhar 47' & 75' and Dapnaki Lamarei 66'.
He also spoke on the problem of garbage which has put a lot of pressure on the government to dispose of garbage due to the opposition of many of the villages in the district.
Moscow, Lber : The Islamic State group (ISIS) has claimed responsibility for a deadly attack on a concert hall in Moscow that killed more than 115 people and injured more than 150 others this past Wednesday.
“In 1987 during the protest against the Nepalis and in 1989 during the protest against the proposal to build a railway line in Khasi Jaintia, Bah Bull suffered many punishments from the law until he was arrested. your body is broken," he said.
Before I left, I phoned Dilip Dutta, our Bollywood director.
In her speech, Ms. Niwanka Shylla, Zonal Supervisor, explained about SURE which is a NGO of the Unitarian Church whose office is located in the church compound of the church in Jowai.
Five persons have recovered from the disease, including four BSF personnel in East Khasi Hills and one civilian.
The HYC Wahlyngdoh Area Unit, has also demanded that the state government should take action to expedite the setting up of this sub-centre, so that it will bring peace and salvation to many of the people of these 20 villages. The party will continue to monitor this until it is completed.
Therefore, he urged the MePDCL authorities to take action as soon as possible regarding the replacement of the transformer and at the same time to replace these posts. added.
The fire broke out in these houses after the collapse of the kitchen of Kong Beautiful Sana.
After receiving the FIR, the police searched for Duparson on the same day but could not find him as he had fled the scene. catch him.
The National Biofuel Policy 2018 has encouraged the blending of ethanol and petrol.
About 350 delegates from all over India including leaders of the World Christian Endeavor Union will attend.
Dr. Karad stressed the need to disseminate schemes supported by the Government such as the Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojana which provides insurance at affordable prices.
The arrested are Ericson Pohlong (23) and three others under the age of
Similarly, the Mawlong Kur, who are scattered in the west and are involved in the religion, customs and traditions in the Shiliangum area near Lum Diengiei, are the ones who have a new longkur longjait from the Pnar area.
Kong Wanpynhun has not only led the group in the state or the North East, but has also been involved in the National Movement, where she has taken part in International Meetings held in many countries. world.
Yoowan Shyrmang, Secretary of the Sutnga Youth Federation, said that the rally was to protest against the plan of the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) to dump garbage in Sutnga.
Shillong, July 20: U Ram Gurung took six wickets alone and was tied for 15 runs to help Meghalaya beat Nagaland by an innings and 128 runs in the second innings. The Ranji Trophy Plate Group Tournament was held at the MCA Ground on Tuesday.
The ARPA, who came to the KHADC, promised to close the market tomorrow, which is the day when the ARPA will hold its meeting on the issue, and come to hear what resolution will come out of the KHADC. The meeting was held to discuss whether Bah Ardent will resign or not.
In this regard, the Election Commission of Meghalaya (ECI) has conducted a vigil in front of the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District to ensure that there will be no excess money collection as directed by the department. ECI.The Election Commission of Meghalaya has implemented all the rules and regulations to ensure that the election will be held smoothly and fairly. sit down.
He also urged the youth to make good use of technology for the benefit of their education.
Nongpoh: The Eastern Ri Bhoi College, Sohraman, Bhoirymbong, today celebrated the opening of the Eastern Ri Bhoi College, Sohraman, Bhoirymbong. , opening the new classrooms of the College.
When the bark is harvested, the shyieng are placed in pipes for about 16 hours so that the seeds can ferment, after which they are washed with water.
In a petition submitted to Modi, the HNLC through its Publicity Secretary, Bah Sain Kupar Nongtraw, said that the HNLC through its Publicity Secretary, Bah Sain Kupar Nongtraw, had sent a message on Facebook Messenger on 20th June, Khasi Hima Mawsynram Spokesperson Bah Disparsing Rani said that the HNLC wants to come to the negotiating table with the government but the Meghalaya government is silent.
It is time to raise voices of opposition or voices of renewal.
Executive Engineer, MF Mawlieh said that the power outage was to replace the damaged conductors on the line.
Ri Khasi is fortunate to have a CEM who is truly a visionary leader for Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has handed over the appointment of the Additional Judge to VK Singh, Minister of State for Child Development. Government of India, to oversee the Department of North Eastern Development, or DONER.
Abal said that there were people who had witnessed what had happened.
Daniel also foretold that in the days of the Roman Empire, the God of heaven would set up a kingdom that would never be brought to ruin (Dan. 2:44).
The strike by the Adhoc School Teachers has reached its fourth day in Shillong and Tura.
Furthermore, the village urged the electricity consumers to pay the electricity bill and to use the electricity only when necessary to avoid the increase in the electricity bill. help and cooperate with the community.
He said that the people of Mawlai have elected him with the expectation to work hard for the people of the constituency as a whole and to bring in various development schemes for the villages.
Stop using social media : These days the use of social media is widely used.
The MDA Government has introduced the Meghalaya Regulation of Gambling Rules 2021 by repealing the Meghalaya Prevention of Gambling Act of
It can't be like that.
A few years later (539 BC), the Babylonian Empire was conquered by the Persians under the leadership of King Cyrus the Great.
I personally feel that we should be united,” said Bah Mawthoh.
The MDCs of the council also held a silence to condole the death of former MDC of JHADC, Ma Willy Bertus Suchiang, who passed away on 31st November
Nongpoh: A policeman of the 1st Battalion of Meghalaya Police, Ri Bhoi District, has died today at the Quarantine Center at Mahatma Gandhi University, Byrnihat.
The leaders of the Khasi-Niam Tre have appealed many times to the government authorities in Delhi but no one has listened to them.
He said that many changes have been brought about in South Tura and the aspirations of the people have been fulfilled.
Pala said that in the BJP, there is more misunderstanding than in other parties and soon the Congress will come back to power.
Although hundreds of people involved in the incident have appeared carrying knives, silver and other weapons, not all of them have been arrested so far. people were not arrested.
He was speaking at a meeting attended by BJP National Vice President Avinash Rai Khanna and Jagdamba Mall.
Shillong, Naitung 06: The Union of Residents of Phlangdi Loin Area, has expressed its regret over the unfounded allegations that the office bearers of the Union are selfish.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, in a video meeting with the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, today, through a video, said that the curfew should be extended. to travel to other states or interstate throughout India as part of the prevention of the spread of the corona virus.
On the CrPC and CPC, he said the UDP stands on the ground to demand that these should not apply in the District Councils.
To date, 238 people are still staying in these Quarantine Centres.
He said that KHNAM will continue to oppose this unfair implementation by going backwards (retrospective) and will continue to fight for the implementation to be prospective from now on. June, 2022 for the transparent and fair implementation of the youth of the State.
The woman died at Dr. Norman Tunnel Hospital, Jowai.
The farmers will receive assistance through strawberry cultivation equipment as well as irrigation equipment through the Mission for Integrated Horticulture and Fruit Development Scheme.
Therefore, having blotted out the bond written in ordinances that was against us, which was contrary to us, he took it out of the way, nailing it to his cross; the Cross) 1 Colossians 2:14.
He said that from Syndai, Kmaishnong, Amjalong, Shen and Amsohtai schools have already been sanctioned but what is needed now is that the Managing Committee together with the teachers should cooperate for the shortcomings and needs of the schools. the school.
“Colleges have expressed that they still need more professors, lecturers, infrastructure and that is why I say that the question does not arise that they are against the implementation of the NEP but that they are facing problems especially in terms of and the budget," he said.
Extraordinary miracles, if they happen they happen here on earth and for the benefit of mankind.
“Because we have two ethnic groups, we have to demand that they should get together and we should get together,” said Bah Pangniang.
“We cannot imagine that a person who comes to live among us, who breathes the fresh air of our beloved Ri Khasi, who drinks the fresh waters of Ri Khasi and among the people who love “Peace will not be able to destroy this country and our nation,” said Bah Ardent in a statement.
The District Police Chief said that the GNLA cadre who surrendered himself joined the GNLA in 2014, and since then he joined the GNLA. This group of young people from Garo Hills has worked hard for it.
And the party is not just trying to mislead the people,” he added.
Afroman has already filled out his nomination papers and sent them to the Federal Election Commission and will contest as an independent candidate.
At the same time, the union congratulates Ma Nehlang Lyngdoh who has thought far and especially the residents of Umran Dairy and the district as a whole who have stood against not allowing the Assam Riflle to buy land at Umran Dairy.
All participants are urged to maintain the cleanliness of this heritage route.
The 16.125 km PMGSY road from Umlaper to Lymphuid was constructed by Bah Khlurstep Pakma and the government has allocated T.144.03 lakh for this road.
However, while the people of Jerusalem were far away, they did not know what Zechariah had prophesied in the Old Testament.
He said the district authorities have not yet ordered the school to reopen until the investigation is completed.
It is learned that in the evening, the people of the house were surprised that the toilet was blocked and when they opened the toilet, they found a girl child.
He said Indonesia has been affected by volcanic eruptions because Indonesia is located in the Pacific Ring of Fire.
He said that this is the second and last time here in Mawkyrwat to explain to the public before the public meeting in the Legislative Assembly on the 12th to submit a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad. Sangma and also to the Symbud Chief Minister, Bah Prestone Tyngsong on the issue of recruitment in the state.
Shootings, killings, kidnappings, extortion and other activities that disrupt peace and order have increased.
“We also request the people of both sides (Khanduli and West Karbi Anglong) not to insult each other,” said Bah Dhar.
On the other hand, the authorities believe that the Wushu competition in this tournament shows the beginning of the development and improvement in the state, the main reason why they have decided to He said that if you look closely at the number of medal winners, you will find that besides these three districts, other youths from other districts did not win the medals. The authorities believe that the Wushu competition in this tournament has a clear beginning. The main reason why they said this is that if you look closely at the number of medal winners, you will find that besides these three districts, Other youths from other districts did not return home empty-handed because there were many youth athletes who won their medals. their.
This is the word of the Lord Jesus.
He said that he escaped death by the timely arrival of the Sohiong Out Post Police after being immediately informed by his relatives about the attack.
Corruption is also defined as the evasion of responsibility for the public, in order to gain advantage because of power and position" (1997:450).
The NPP+BJP will elect any leader from among themselves to be the Chief Minister from any party to lead the coalition government. the new synrop Government.
The CCIB has demanded that the government should dismiss the DC immediately.
The meeting was concluded with a welcome speech by Bah Khlur Baiaineh Mukhim and the congratulations that besides receiving one award on 5.10.2015 in Mumbai, he will have to collect the remaining awards. – 18th November 2015 in Delhi, 13th November 2015 at the Global Hall of Fame Teacher's Award in Bangkok (Thailand), 27th July 2015 at the Special Conference and Award in Hyderabad, 12th November July 2016 once again at the Conference in Mumbai for the Global Achievers Award and finally on 23rd to 26th June 2016 at a Special Meeting and Greeting Function to be held in New Jersey, USA, said a statement from Bellbora. Wankhar.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Director General of Police (DGP) Rajiv Mehta on Tuesday said that the top priority of the police is to curb violence against women and children.
Bah Lapang said that Bah Hoping came from a small, poor background but he is now a great man from Mawkyllei village.
It was also decided to start strengthening the party in terms of the elderly, women, youth and farmers.
Regarding the FOCUS scheme, Mawrie said he could not imagine where it came from, it is not worth renaming the schemes of the central government, or using the money of the central government, to mislead the people.
Therefore, the Casual Employees of the Corporation are requested to take their time to attend this meeting as this is a very special meeting so that a decision can be taken on the non-response to these requests. their.
In the past years, many of the Lat who came here were able to speak English.
This Tyrosin is also found in Palong.
He said the Urban Mission will operate three times a day on Tuesday, Friday and Saturday from 10.30 am to 4 pm.
The campaign will run until October
However, we have not received any clear information from the Commission of the Government of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, he said that when the youth have a role to play in the society, they have many criticisms but even so, he encouraged them not to back down but to to stand firm for what they intend to do and not to point fingers at each other but to give advice and encouragement so that good intentions can be achieved.
They know how to speak truth or joke at the same time and the audience is happy to hear them.
Jimmy, who is a brother of Limison, has left the Congress with Dr Mukul Sangma but is now ready to contest from the NPP from Tikrikilla constituency.
However, in the current climate change with the lack of rainfall, does it mean that if we don't get rainfall all year round, the state will remain in darkness? The bill light is still delivered to our doorsteps from time to time, even at the full price every 10 months.
I give credit to civil servants who are not opposed to this, but we know it is very difficult for them.
He said that the most important thing is the firm determination to take action to fight against HIV to prevent the spread.
We decided to pay T.5 for every 8 kilometers.
These acts of violence are not only against the Constitution, but have affected the foundations on which India was founded.
The employees of 108 under the banner of the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union have demanded an increase in their salaries, leave and exemption from overtime work. that these shall be in accordance with the laws of the Ministry of Labour.
Many MLAs of the Congress party were present at the meeting to inaugurate Vincent Pala as the full president of the Congress party. MLAs of the party from Garo Hills, to attend the meeting today.
The purpose of this is to create a more meaningful public administration, where truth will replace emotion, festivals will replace information and entertainment will disappear. issues.
However, from the conversation with them, they understood that they are still waiting for the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem to lead them to the PDF. “Bah Pynshngaiñ is not a PDF,” he replied.
Children and adults from all over the country took part in this competition.
From time to time, the influx of foreign workers has been associated with the fear that they could overwhelm the population.
St. Joseph's Seminary, Nongstoin, today inaugurated the Multi-Purpose Hall with the former MLA of Nongstoin Constituency, Bah Macmillan Byrsat as the chief guest.
As DC, he has succeeded in implementing many government schemes including COVID-19 vaccination.
The fourth goal was scored by Enestar three minutes before the end of the game.
“We see that there are many patriots in this age but how many are willing to sacrifice themselves for the sake of the country and the nation and the KSU doesn't just talk but does deeds. and many members of the party have been imprisoned for the sake of the nation," he said.
Now the existence of this fish farm has attracted more and more tourists from all over the world.
The residents have protested against the proposal to build the factory after the Waheh Shnong, Ma Womly Chyrmang, issued NOC to the factory owned by Bah Shai Chyrmang and Bah Tailing Chyrmang without the knowledge of the Executive. Committee of the Dorbar Shnong and the paid residents.
James K Sangma was in the House but left after receiving the sad news that his beloved father has passed away.
Speaking to the people, Dr. Mukul Sangma, u Dr. Mukul Sangma, appealed to the people of Mawhati Constituency, to give their support to Dr. Saralin Dorphang, candidate. The TMC, to bring about change in the state and especially in the Mawhati Constituency, which is one of the constituencies in the state and which has been neglected in terms of development works.
“During the investigation of the complaint... registered at Shillong Sadar police station, it was found that there are reasons to question you in order to confirm the facts in this ongoing investigation. .
The Chief Guest also urged the Village Council of New Nongstoiñ and the Development Committee of the market to ensure that the market will be only for the Khasi and the indigenous people, not to allow foreigners. He also urged the market to take good care of and clean the market.
Besides the leaders from all over the country, four leaders including Banteidor Lyngdoh, Hamletson Dohling, Gavin M Mylliem and Jason Mawlong and MDC Macdalyn Mawlong also delivered speeches.
Tina Lakiang Secretary SKWS Mihmyntdu who explained about the establishment of this group which looks after the welfare of the community especially the girls by fighting hard to find those children who have dropped out of school. when they come to continue their studies.
According to the signs of the traffic jam in Shillong, the traffic jam in Shillong is no longer a problem but a problem that has caused people to lose their temper and sometimes they cannot even Tim. The road especially when you need to get to the office, when you need to get to the hospital, when you need to go to the market and so on.
“At present, doctors who have passed MBBS go to other states to get their license but from now on we have our own Council so all the doctors who have passed will have to register with the Council and get their license. " said the Minister.
Nongpoh: The District Election Officer of Ri Bhoi District, Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday announced that some candidates have violated the rules of the Model Code of Conduct (MCC). meeting without the permission of the Returning Officer.
During the search of the vehicle in the presence of witnesses, Bah Banraplang said that police have seized Kynja, which weighed 57.828 kilos.
He said that as elected by the people, as MDCs, they have to look after the rule of law to make laws to bring peace and stability in the society.
The District Magistrate said that the ban on strikes will continue to be in force for the benefit of the people. up to 6 months.
A severe fire broke out at the AIIMS hospital in New Delhi this evening.
In this regard, their free entry is due to the negligence of the village authorities.
It is necessary for the Government to fight against the low price of agricultural products because the Hima which collects taxes on agricultural products are also doing wrong.
The order prohibits people from entering the containment village and those living inside the containment area are not allowed to leave, but should stay isolated in their homes.
The opening ceremony was enriched by a song by the women's groups of the Seiñraij Shnong Cham Cham.
Shillong: The Puja Central Committee (CPC) on Tuesday said that on the occasion of the Hindu festival in the state, the movement of people from one place to another will be banned and no one will be allowed to hold the Puja. procession on foot during the procession to worship the idols.
They were identified as Lependro Sangma, 34, and Hendid Momin, 33, of Uguri village (Goraimari) under Kharkutta Police Station.
If the Chief Minister had acted on his own authority, using the DCs and the law enforcement agencies, Meghalaya would have gone ahead of Manipur.
“We leave it to the Deputy Commissioner to decide on other decisions in the villages and the time of the curfew,” he said.
In a statement to the Deputy Commissioner and Chairman of the Regional Transport Authority, Shillong, the union said that urban taxis or rural taxis do not have a clear boundary to operate and earn money. Most of the parts of Shillong fall under the rural areas of Mawlai, Mawpat, Nongthymmai, Madanrting, Lawsohtun, Mawpynthih, Laitkor and parts of Upper Shillong.
There was also a reading of the NVD, a song by the Kids Tarari Choir and a special program by Josephas and Company.
The meeting was attended by BJP Rajya Sabha MP Arun Singh. HITO showed evidence of a video broadcast by Don Bosco Media Network. There were hundreds of people, as it was said by those who passed by.
Police have arrested Butsing Kharjana, 30, Rupstar Lyngkhoi, 21 and Kostarman Nongbri,
It was a shocking incident for Banshem, a bomb thrower, when he was able to teach bomb throwing to the Prime Minister this morning at Mawphlang.
They are also used on deceased people after many days to avoid the death of the body.
The EM said that some of the items have been taken away during the raid and if the owners want to get them back they should come to the KHADC and they have to pay a fine according to the law. ain Trading by Non Tribal Act.
It seems that Madrid are likely to sign the 24-year-old.
These Moghul rulers such as Shah Jehan and Akbar tried to rule well and left behind valuable buildings especially in Delhi and Agra.
“Their actions show that they want talks because the government has not allowed them,” he said.
The CEM said the Council strongly opposes the decision of the single bench of the Kashari High Court that the village headmen do not have a written law.
According to a statement sent by the Seng leader Samla Lumlang Khar Syiem Lieh, the DC said that the district authorities have already sent an inquiry to the SDO of Mawshynrut Civil Sub. -division and all these three factories have received clearance from the Single Window through the Department of Commerce and Industry of the State Government.
The Governor of Meghalaya has called a meeting on the 9th to pass a resolution to remove the Chairman and directed the Deputy Chairman to conduct the meeting. Chairman and Finelyness Bareh were elected.
Shillong, March 13 : The Mawlai Sports Club together with the Shillong Cricket Club will once again announce that it will hold a Cricket Talent Hunt Camp for boys and girls living in the country. You are from Mawlai Constituency.
In fact, any decision we take should have a basis, but if we party leaders make those rules and violate them, what is the basis for us as those who don't? I'm not going to lead you.
The Village Defense Party (VDP) of Ladrymbai Dongwah has distributed 200 masks to the market vendors as part of the fight against the spread of COVID-1
Ardent said he was pleased that she had listened to part of her demand to suspend the employment but she should have given a notification.
And you should all know that once you turn to the Five Star service, the income from tourism will increase due to the lack of investment.
In this regard, a Headmaster of a school in Tura, Tyrone D'Brass said that such decisions are against literacy.
The creation of new blocks, civil subdivisions in different parts of the state, should enable the people of the state to benefit from the services of the government, in the way of said the Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Central Body on Thursday expressed its firm stand against the government's plan to build a railway line in the Khasi Jaintia Hills if it is not possible. to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state.
Shillong, June 6: Leaders of the KSU Central Body today met with the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh at his office.
Therefore, the church invites and welcomes all the members of the Presbytery Rangthong (Rim) who live in the city and surrounding areas to attend this service.
The states are now angry that all the taxes have been collected by the Government of India, which is about 42 percent and now the states are allowed to collect their own taxes only on petrol. diesel, alcohol and stamp duty.
Many other intellectuals and respected people now don't want to come forward to participate in the administration, because they see that they have been given a place by those who shouldn't be leaders, because they are not yet qualified. to be followers, helpers too.
The UDP has planned to take over the leadership of the KHADC but the problem they face is that they don't have enough numbers in case they don't want to work with the party. The Congress party, which has six MDCs, has also discussed at its meeting how if it works with the Congress party, how it will convey its views to the people in the 2018 elections. to protect themselves from criticism if they work with the ruling Congress in the state.
These tourists come and go just to know and see with their own eyes the beauty of the hills and rivers of Meghalaya.
Speaking to reporters, Deputy Commissioner Arpit Upadhaya said that the district authorities have deployed security forces in the border villages of Block-II after an MLA from West Karbi Anglong threatened not to allow the people to vote in the area.
In this regard, Naidu said his role is clear for working hard in the political affairs of the country in
Gradually, as the village has been able to implement the MNREGS scheme (100 days), we have been able to keep the village clean and there have been some visitors who have come to clean themselves.
The smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh has opened the door for Bangladeshis to enter the state illegally in search of jobs and could pose a threat due to the increasing influx of cattle into the area, he said. u Theologian Righteous.
FKJGP led by Shlur Mukhim President and Assistant Secretary KM Khonglah, after receiving a complaint from the people of War Jaintia, inspected the center and found that the signboard remains. and it no longer provides services.
“This election of Rangbah Shnong is not through democracy and will lead to misuse of power,” said Bah Syiem.
Khainme Khlem scored three goals in the 15th, 58th and 80+1 minutes, Niwan Syad in the 24th minute and Arkiru Syad in the 48th minute.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong has expressed its strong opposition to the patrolling by the BSF Umkiang BOP, between Umkiang Village, at Petrol Pump (Wahkhian), NH-6 without the permission of the Dorbar Shnong.
There are about 20 places where people have refused to take pictures because of fear of this number
For this reason, the kingdoms prepare their weapons of destruction and destruction, and for this purpose, the thab u dab must live in the Pajwa of tan and sorrow, kyiuh and syier.
In the first innings, Meghalaya became the first team to beat all the Hyderabad batters this season, and the team expects to do the same today.
Since these years, this disease has spread to the lives of people continuously until today.
The Deputy Commissioner, Supply, East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat has announced that the sale of ration (Fair Price Shop Dealers) and SK Oil retailers in East Jaintia Hills District for the year on December 31,
Independent candidate Ma RK Ram Rymbai said that the BJP Government has an intention to bring Hindus from Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Pakistan to India through the CAB and this will put a serious threat to the minority. but fortunately that law is now dead.
:The Khasi song, “Deng Deng” is written and performed by Eddie Lyngdoh, Kidmarkk & Meban Syiem.
In the under-14 (girls) 600m, Rukini RT Dkhar of East Jaintia Hills won the gold medal (00:01:45.49). :54.81) won the silver medal and Ïohdiangki Syiem from West Khasi Hills (00:01:55.80) won the bronze medal.
Regarding the non-inclusion of these 23 villages in the list of border villages, Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, said that he has taken seriously on this issue, which will soon be included as border villages. border villages and those who are entitled to receive those development schemes which have been allocated specifically by the State Government.
Regarding the peace and order in the Elaka, especially during the Election, the Dorbar Elaka has taken the best step as follows.
Jowai, June 27: Six coal trucks have been arrested by the West Jaintia Hills Police this evening for smuggling coal.
The Sirdar pointed out to a jri tree that had not yet grown well, which was in the field, that in the past, a suid tyngjang used to come to that tree, when there were no houses.
Despite the government's claims, unemployment in Meghalaya is slow and uncertain.
Family members, friends, NGOs, volunteers or through the Helpline number 181 in collaboration with the Police, ambulance and so on.
The Manipur government is now racing to complete the first phase of the houses to provide shelter to 3,000 displaced families from the conflict and bloodshed areas. so that they can leave temporary accommodation.
The celebration concluded with the distribution of prizes to all the people with disabilities who won the Rwai and Shad competition.
“For a woman, without a toilet that she owns alone, it is a torture, because when she goes outside, she has to endure the need to go outside and therefore they have to Fourteen Christian churches in Mizoram under the Mizoram Kohhran Hruaitute Committee have expressed their dissatisfaction with the decision of the Supreme Court to suspend the church. The provisions of Section 377 of the Penal Code, which has decided to allow same-sex marriage and which has declared it no longer a crime, was issued on the 6th of this month.
It is not known where their future will go because to lose one year is not easy and therefore the government authorities should punish the headmaster and the employee of the school.
Overall, it was said that most of the accidents in the states, UTs and other cities happen between 6 pm and 9 pm.
In the village she was able to teach church school only in the morning.
“The Prime Minister has rejected the most important issue and that is the demand to make Tura the capital of Meghalaya during the rainy season, and he has shown to the world that he has been turned into a slave by the Garo groups. .
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 4: To raise awareness among the people on the need for change in many of the challenges facing the country and the nation, the 'Campaign for Change' The change will come today to hold a public meeting in Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills District.
He said that implementation issues like FOCUS, PES, Mission Organic, protection of water sources are part of the Meghalaya Next list.
“It is sad to see these days, I am not saying to everyone but there are a few who have gone beyond the limits just for paid news, they have forgotten that there is a world outside social media, youtube.
However, she said that the state authorities have not yet responded to the suggestion.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, some of the leaders of the party said that in fact they don't have any evidence and they can't prove how much Bah Nongsiej has turned against the HSPDP. They said that from the beginning he has worked hard and hard for the party and everywhere he went to campaign, they said that he was involved but two days before the election he Bah LG Nongsiej is in the midst of suffering himself and also his children and at the same time it is also the time when his brother is talking about the marriage here in Shillong.
The strike extended from road workers, drivers to office workers.
On the other hand, the Minister also acknowledged the shortage of IAS in the state.
Thereafter, the owners of the vehicles hid the vehicles suspected of having illegal number plates for these reasons.
Children no longer have the right to honor and obey their parents, even if they do not dare to stand up immediately.
Nongstoin, Nailur 22: To commemorate the 10th death anniversary of the HSPDP leader Maieid Hopingstone Lyngdoh, the HSPDP Nongstoin Area Unit together with The Central Body will hold a special commemoration at Nongstoin.
This figure is based on the number of commercial vehicles such as taxis, auto rickshaws, commercial buses, as well as buses belonging to schools.
Expressing her regret over the burning of vehicles, the Minister of State for Home Affairs, asked how to discipline children when they themselves have set a bad example.
The examples or stories that He used to add to His speeches are precious because He used to draw on what He experienced and saw in life.
You don't have anything to do with it because the people have voted for the NPP, now everything is in PRAH.
Regarding the march to distribute masks and raise awareness on social distancing, Kong FM Lakiang said that the reason for the march was to distribute masks to the district authorities and police. and also to explain on social distancing, is after seeing and finding that many people do not comply with the government's directives, namely to wear masks and also to observe social distancing, which is one of the measures to prevent the spread of COVID-1
Ashish Tamang of Eastern Region-II won the goalkeeper award while Zou and Laldi of the winner won the best goalkeeper award and the players are not happy.
Phosting Dkhar from Mowlain and
Later, a tree planting ceremony was held in the village.
Shillong, July : The Executive Committee of Lumkshaid Village Council, Shillong, on Tuesday held a meeting to discuss the situation related to the Legislative Assembly elections to be held on 27th June .
From the Pyrrhic Cross.
He said it is sad to see that drugs have enslaved thousands of youth and therefore the cooperation of the youth through church groups, village youth organizations, sports clubs should be weapons and sticks protect against this type of drink.
So then, it’s her way.
In the Indian Round Mixed Team, East Khasi Hills District won the gold medal after beating Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong: U Minister of PHE, Renikton L Tongkhar, today denied reports in the English newspaper that the Government of India has suspended the implementation of the Jal Jevan Mission (JJM) scheme. in Meghalaya, saying that this news is untrue and false.
Heads of Bodoland Territorial Council, Karbi Anglong Autonomous District Council, Dima Hasao Autonomous District Council (in Assam); Tripura Tribal Areas Autonomous Council, Tripura; Lai Autonomous District Council, Mizoram; Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, Garo Hills Autonomous District Council and Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (Meghalaya) participated in the National Conference.
We are in the age of rapid development of technology and not only the youth or the elderly but even the children have learned about it.
During the meeting, the Syiem of Bhowal Hima, Pa'iem Kynsai N Syiem, said that the Land Custom Station at Balat has been opened since 1985 and has been operating since In 1999, for unknown reasons, the trade stopped.
The Minister also welcomed the players who took part in the Senior National Table Tennis Championship and blessed them to play well to win.
Modi, who is on a two-day visit to Gujarat, said the Indian government has already built 4 crore houses across India.
Therefore, they have tried their best to promote them to class VII, where the teachers are paid salaries only by the contribution of the households in the Raid.
The shun is part of the right to write shun on the lyngkhuh day of remembrance, to give milk from the sick and so on.
Speaking during the election campaign, Ampareen said she will not go to Delhi to eat soh ot, but will stand up to defend the issues of the people.
This shows the discrimination against the indigenous people and the discrimination against our youth, which we cannot accept.
On the other hand, the Union Minister in charge of Department of North Eastern Region (DoNER) G. Kishan Reddy in his reply to the Rajya Sabha on Friday, said that the Government of Meghalaya It has already recognized many protected areas as Community Reserves under the Wildlife (Protection) Act,
On the other hand, the East Jaintia Hills District authorities said that they cannot oppose it if the people lodge a complaint.
The Dorbar Shnong Tympang said that wholesale shops are also included in the new arrangement and will open according to the day of their number.
The OM dated 10th May 2022 'Clause F' has replaced the provision of OM No.PER 272/72/5, 18th Dec.
As the elections approach, candidates from different constituencies have come to register their names at the office of the Deputy Commissioner in their respective districts.
Indeed, at that time no Khasi Pnar elders dared to speak out against this issue.
On the other hand, the 13 parties can no longer just listen to what the government has already passed, the government should implement this law.
The incident happened after the two men were leaving Mairang on the NH 44E but after reaching a place in Wahlakhaw village, they suddenly collided with the truck. The motorcycle was driving too fast and collided with the truck and the truck hit the two men.
Regarding the basic needs of the people of the area, Bah L.Marbaniang, while talking to this reporter, said that as of now, the Finance Department of the government which has In Rambrai, there is an urgent need to establish a Meghalaya Rural Bank, as each village in the area has the opportunity to implement the MNREGS scheme. They have to withdraw the bill from the MRB in Rambrai.
However, in these days, the opposition has increased, as the Sordars of nine other villages together with the leaders of the Khasi Student Union and Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People Rambrai Circle, have come forward to give their support. to the sordars and the villagers and to join hands not to allow the mining of land from the area.
According to a statement from Bah Shaining Thangkhiew, Publicity of RBYF Umsning Circle, the RBYF Umsning Circle, after receiving accurate information on the presence of vehicles intending to smuggle illegal drugs into the Umsning area, has decided to RBYF Umsning Circle President G.Lymphuid and General Secretary D. Warjri have conducted a raid at Nongthymmai, Umsning, where they have seized hundreds of liters of liquor. asked.
On the other hand, the principal expressed her surprise that the school is run by missions and is not a failure school compared to other schools.
So He said, “It is finished” (John 19:30).
At the meeting , he said that the funds allocated to various departments should be used properly . He said that he has ordered all the departments which have not yet spent their funds to implement them without dab uh time anymore.
They received high marks in general knowledge and quizzes.
As soon as the meeting ended at the BJP office, we left together and walked from the BJP office to the Secretariat and from the Secretariat we walked our own way but didn't think that that day. finally that we may walk together and that we may drink along the way.
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister YS Jagan Mohan Reddy has released water from the Krishna River to the flood affected area in Kuppam constituency in Chittoor district of Rajupet in Ramakuppam area since last month. .
“We hope that it will improve the water supply after the completion of Phase III,” said Bah Mawthoh.
It was witnessed that the residents did not follow the rules of COVID-1
According to the investigation of the union, all these foreigners who came to work in the area were from Assam and have been staying in the area since the day they came. work.
In connection with this incident, three persons have been arrested for involvement in blocking the road.
These items, along with the money, which the band received to help the poor families, they raised money by sharing among themselves and all the money, they bought food items and then they shall be handed over to these families.
PHIWELL SHYLLA (IND) – 12564.
As estimated, the value of the land on which these houses are being built is said to be Rs 40 crore, the official said.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Oral Syngkli said that as an elder, he saw and started this project after many of the employees, residents and youth did not have a place to sit or spend their time. Patharkhmah is one of the areas that has started to grow rapidly, but with the encouragement of Samla Patharkhmah, he has started to promote this area for about 10 months since last year. play publicly.
Speaking on the preparations to form the government, the NPP leader said that their position is clear that they will work for the security of the state and that is why they want to get a stable government.
Transportation (Commercial Vehicles) is essential from the largest to the smallest to meet the needs of the poor and the needs of everyday life in terms of income and illness. difficult spirit.
Suraj Chettri scored 35 runs from 32 balls, Pritam Singh 16 runs from 15 balls and Ricky 3 wickets for 16 runs from 3 overs.
Shillong: The Khasi Jaintia Butcher's Welfare Association (KHAWA) on Saturday decided to extend the ban on cow slaughter in the state despite the state government's decision to ban cow slaughter. has agreed to address this problem faced by meat vendors in the state.
He said that the MSEC will work independently to improve education in the state in line with the NEP 2020 and the State Education Policy for the sake of change.
Shillong, June 05 : U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkynrew Constituency and Minister of State, on Tuesday visited the villages in the constituency which have been affected by the floods. There is a heavy rainfall in the area.
“The task force committee will examine the commission's proposal,” she said.
This was announced by Bah Golden Marbaniang, Rangbah Shnong of Huroi.
The Earth, the Language and the Kur are the three parts that make us indigenous.
The crowd in Jerusalem testified before the false Pharisees that Jesus had called Lazarus out of the tomb. The Pharisees were very angry, saying, "Look! The whole world has gone after him. .
The entrance fee for the tournament is 50 tyngka per head.
The incident took place in Chhatarpur, Madhya Pradesh and in anger, he threw his wife and daughters into a shallow pond on Sunday.
Furthermore, the Sengbhalang has decided that if the government opens a Police Out Post in Barato, they will go and destroy the Maw Nongrim and they will not allow the Police Out Post to be opened in Barato. I'm from Mukroh.
“I think the TMC will not get more votes than the BJP. For me, the TMC will come last in Garo Hills this time.
Thus they brought together the silver, the dewbyrtha, the bronze, and the silver, and they became like a stain in the fields during the rainy season.
Another thing that Dr. Mukul said on this occasion is that they will not allow anyone to play with the people and the state.
The Commission has sought a report from the government on reports that those involved in the rape of youths have not been arrested in South West Garo Hills.
It was also witnessed that the police of Ri Bhoi District have also tried to resolve the traffic jam on the road, but because of the large number of supporters who came with their own vehicles. , has found it difficult to resolve this traffic jam which has severely affected the traffic on the National Highway-6 in Ri Bhoi District.
After the meeting, UDP General Secretary and former Nongthymmai MLA Jemino Mawthoh said the RDA has decided to meet and express its intention to Conrad Sangma. on Monday.
The court will hear the case on 3rd November
On the other hand, the Advocate General said that Justice BP Katakey (Retired) has not yet submitted a new report after the 18th report.
The six persons were climbing from the crematorium for lunch, but during the climb, it was reported that the gear pinion of the coal box fell along with them. They were the only ones who were in it, and they died hashen.
Post Name:- Lecturer in Civil EngineeringNo of posts:- 2Department:- Shillong PolytechnicPay Scale:- Level 15th of Revised Pay Structure with other allowances as admissible.
At present, the Congress has strong leaders including Dr. DD Lapang, SC Marak, Bah Prestone Tynsong and others who could take over the seat if the majority of MLAs do not trust Dr. Mukul Sangma will not lead the government.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Sohra MLA Bah TW Chyne, who is also a member of the committee, said that according to the management of the factory, the situation has improved. can now be manufactured and dusted again.
AITC General Secretary Incharge Abhishaek Banerjee on Tuesday visited Shillong to strengthen the party in the state.
The match will start at 3:15 pm.
On the 18th of November, the MCAB will open its 47th branch in the state and its 6th ATM at Demthring in East Khasi Hills district.
The employees of MCCL from Sohra and Mawmluh have also refused to allow the MDA government to hand over the dewbilat factory in Mawmluh to the private sector.
Furthermore, the meeting expressed its gratitude to the MSOA for inviting such an unprecedented meeting and suggested that it is necessary to hold another meeting once or twice. to form a special group to discuss the issues of those who have brought glory to the country.
The total number of votes cast was 1,65,6
The VPP has held meetings in Mawlai, Jaiaw, Jowai, Nongpoh, Nongstoin and Mawkyrwat to explain to the public the need to revise the Reservation Policy and the time limit for the implementation of the Roster System.
If Khyllem, it is exactly like the time of Diengiei, 6 km from the dam.
“One of the greatest achievements is that like him, his children are intelligent people, they have no charges of corruption against them.
Nongstoin: On July 4 at 2.50 pm, a man named Mewvin Kharbani was arrested from Nongstoin Market with 15 quarters of illegal drugs. bottles of IMFL kyiad and four thyrnia which were intended to be sold there, in which he threatened to injure the members of the party with bitter bottles and threatened to kill them.
This narrative appears to suggest that the failure was due to a few misunderstandings.
Meanwhile, the Parliamentary Party of the MUA-II government has held a meeting this evening at the residence of the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma to ensure that the attempt to overthrow the Lamphang will not succeed.
“Who else can protect the Assamese now?” he concluded.
Partho Dasgupta, former chief executive of BARC India, said he received US$12,000 from Arnab Goswami, editor-in-chief of Republic TV, for his travels and then T.40 lakh over three years to increase the TRP of the news channel.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today responded to a question raised by PT Sawkmie MLA from Mawlai Constituency on the issue of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited. He said the government is ready to implement a joint venture for the start-up of the MCCL dewbilat factory. The dewbilat factory needs an allocation of T.190.32 crore and the state government will not be able to allocate this amount.
“It's easy to talk but the question arises what have you done,” said Bah Titos.
The new transmitter has a capacity of 400.2 square kilometres.
Even in the Christian churches, there is a difference of opinion, which sometimes leads to conflict.
Where is your state going ? Let us strive to live now and in the future.
However, it was alleged that Assam government officials who came with the group blocked the road and did not own the land and arrested the four and took them to Hamren.
He said that the KHADC should no longer issue labor licenses as this will encourage the labor licensees to issue labor licenses just to earn money, which will put the nation at risk from the influx of foreigners.
Speaking on the occasion, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Nongpdeng, Bah P Khongsit, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Umjaiur, Bah K. Khriam, the Assistant Rangbah Shnong of Nonglum and Bah S. Khongkliam of Phudmuri said that the memorable day for them, after decades the villages dream has now come true.
Encourage all students to take Mathematics and ScienceThe MBOSE's decision that it is not necessary to pass Mathematics and Science subjects is dangerous for the future of young people and for the future of the nation.
On the other hand, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, announced a donation to the Dorbar Shnong.
* Don't eat late at night: To avoid gastric upset it's important to remember not to get into the habit of eating late at bedtime or at night or eating too fast.
Ethan Suting (6), Satur June (19) and Damehi Rngad (55) scored the goals.
Nongstoiñ, November 6: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) under the leadership of Samla Blastarland Sohmad, General Secretary of Nongtrai Circle, on Monday visited a family and provided assistance to a family. , who burnt down the house of Trisia Ïawphniaw from Umkait.
Life in these days of time pressure, pressure to work, pressure in terms of income among others has increased the pressure on many people.
The HNLC said the people should not ignore Mukul Sangma's statement that one cannot live on one's own because of living with others.
Musharry was found dead in a pool of blood at 6.30 pm.
After the elections, talks will go smoothly with various states in the North East, as it is the wish of the Indian government and the BJP in Assam, Sarma said.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, has expressed his condolences to Meghalaya and the people of Meghalaya on the passing away of Vajpayee. and 7 days of blackout.
Shillong: Some Congress MLAs have decided to join the party after it has been defeated by the BJP in the country. this state.
To encourage the public to remember and report if they meet or see any persons who are standing in front of them, whether walking, standing or getting into and out of vehicles.
New Delhi: The State Bank of India (SBI) today said it has reduced its MCLR by five basis points.
The officer of the Food and Safety Department said that in fact the minerals and ash content of the Pigrow Tablet should be only between 9%. 10% Ash but the test found that Tribio Flex contained 42.8% Ash while Tribio Flex contained 55.2% Ash which is three times the normal range of 10%. shows that the percentage of minerals and ash has increased significantly.
Nongpoh, Naitung 31: U Bah George B. Lyngdoh, Leader of Ri Bhoi District and State Vice President of the TMC Party, on Tuesday said that Meghalaya has suffered a lot in terms of border demarcation. between Meghalaya and Assam.
They said that the order to clean up the meat storage area helps to maintain cleanliness but because of the excessive set op, the meat can spoil.
The students showcased their talents with pop, hip-hop, country and Hindi songs.
The candidates who will contest today are Vincent Pala: Congress Kennedy C Khyrem (Congress-Substitute candidate) Dr Jemino Mawthoh: UDP/MDAShanbor Shullai: BJPSamuel Hashah: IndependentJustice Kharbasanti: CPIRomeo PhiraTHNS Rani: KIndependent NPP) Dr Mukul Sangma (INC) Rickman G Momin (BJP).
It is impossible for the Speaker of the House to violate the rules of procedure and accept the Adjournment Motion when Bah Ardent has already brought a resolution to discuss the ILP. and their visit to the Lamphang during the Dorbar shows that the Opposition does not have any unity among themselves and is trying to force the Lamphang to violate the rules of procedure of the Dorbar. “The opposition is united and there is a real concern, they should have agreed with each other from these days to bring only one resolution or adjournment motion while they agree,” he added.
Many said that as soon as money is given to the youth and women, they are shocked and will vote for them.
He said that they can do whatever they like to honor Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew but he said that they should not cause any disturbance to the peace and order in the villages.
He was defeated in the 2018 elections on the Congress ticket by former HSPDP MLA Samlin Malngiang.
This behavior is related to a story about a school child who was preparing an essay on Friends who had written exactly so much that even the comma and fullstop were wrong. Write an exam and the question is to write an essay about the Father.
Meanwhile, the team which reached the final in the third season of the Dabang Delhi TTC tournament has now decided to work with Sathiyan once again in this year's tournament.
These families were distributed with household items by purchasing them through the donations of the people who are willing to help the poor.
US President Donald Trump will discuss religious freedom when he visits India in a few days, the White House said in a statement. , respects the democracy in India and the conditions in the country.
Mr. Ardent was invited to be the Chief Guest at the Conference.
However, my main issue is that I have decided to leave the post in the state with the idea that I will go and advocate for the state in Parliament,” he said. I need you at this time when we see that the residents of the village are in a state of shock through those stories that have been spread on social media like UCC, CAA, the loss of service to God. freedom, the determination of the border, the trade.
A source from MeECL said that the electricity line will not be able to be repaired tonight.
They were arrested on Wednesday of last week.
Today, it held a meeting of all the candidates for the KHADC and JHADC elections at its office at Boyce Road, Laitumkhrah.
He said that as it was an incident that happened near Themiew, it is the duty of the village to look into it.
The WJBA said that those who wish to participate in this coaching camp can call the Assistant Coach (8415014729).
I don't have anything to say against anyone but I say this from the point of view that when you sit on the bench, you should have a lot of time to devote yourself to the work assigned and if you have a side with them political parties, your minds have been divided.
Dr War said that in Umpling village, 547 people have been tested positive for the Rapid Test. Kits for four residents of this village but today after the RT-PCR test of these people they were negative.
He praised the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma for taking the initiative to force various parties in the central government to oppose the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB).
In a statement, the Seng through Labiush Areng, President of Khasi Hills Zone, said that this incident has happened due to the lack of attention of the government authorities especially the police department. details regarding the movement of trucks from Ichamati to Bholaganj, Majai.
The flag of the BJP was seen along the road and from Rilbong the flag of the NPP was also seen. The flags of the BJP were also seen on the ground.
Teinwell said that all these works have been awarded by Pynshngaiñ without calling for tender.
Ltd. I have claimed to be the same as Havell, the world's leading cable manufacturing company.
Chamitreman Lamare scored 56 runs off 43 balls while C Ryngkhlem of HUCC took two wickets in four overs.
TAMABIL: Up to 61 trucks suspected of using stolen Challans were seized by the DMR in Tamabil on Saturday.
She was admitted to NEIGHRIMS, Shillong and died this evening, sources said.
:The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, today held a working meeting with the Planning, Finance and PWD (Roads) Department on 14th November to improve the working methods of the PWD Department. PWD department in the state, and to submit an Office Memorandum (OM) to discuss the condition of roads in the state.
Shillong, Nailar 5: Eleven mynder have been arrested by Mawlai Nongpdeng village on Tuesday.
They have to accommodate up to 50-60 people which is beyond the limit of their income and ability to carry money for this.
Up to 18 training sessions were conducted throughout the program between November 2020 and June
The union is surprised how these foreigners have been able to provide accommodation within the boundary of the village without the knowledge of the Dobar Shnong. Those who have already issued Aadhar, to foreigners within the district, will be at risk to the low paid state residents if this illegal activity continues.
Shillong: Former MLA of North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, who is also the candidate of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) in the upcoming elections, today lodged a complaint against him for misappropriation of funds. Bah Adelbert has lodged a complaint at Sardar Police Station with the 2nd OC against the theft or misuse of funds. The Central Government has appointed the Government of Meghalaya for the fight against COVID-1
On the other hand, the President of BAM-JH, Yoosar Kynjing, who is also the founder of the Association in Jaintia Hills, said that the arrival of the Bouncers Association of Meghalaya (BAM) in the district will encourage the people. The youth of Ri-Lum Jaintia have more than 200 members.
There are more than 40 members and office bearers of the Executive Committee from different villages in the District.
Shillong: The President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, Bah Ernest Mawrie today alleged that there is a serious corruption in the allocation of Special Assistant Grant (SAG) funds in the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council and Garo Hills Autonomous District Council. He has already written to the Ministry of Finance demanding that the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) should investigate.
• Faith teaches that God created and blessed creation for each and every human being, not just for one family or one group of people or one Nation or one the Country“My soul, go away, O mountains that remain; they are neither stronger nor greater than others" (KHB 399).
Ronnie said he believes that the EC will be weak as there will be three ECs and that will be the EC of Tein, the EC of Titos W Chyne and the EC of Paul. Priest.
II.The Pop Baby:1
Wherever the will is, there is no basis for it, that it is right and true.
Sardar Vallabhai was a freedom fighter who brought about the unity of the States in India.
He said that not only the wine stores, but also the wholesaler shops have been found that the people who come to collect the food items have not followed the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. in that it can cause problems later on.
To speak a little bit about this nation of ours, it is very painful to wake up this nation of ours.
The President of SKRS said that they have taken this decision to continue to issue syrnod for the benefit of the people.
Against this background, I read the sermons of Sadhu Sundar Singh which he distributed in Ri Khasi and his spirituality as a Christian poor man.
Thibaut Courtois played well on Saturday to save Real Madrid from a goal against Huesca, the weakest club in La Liga.
“Because now that there is a fund from the World Bank in this regard, we have brought the World Bank officials to see the Khaddar rule of the ancestors through the Hima Mylliem. Ïewduh has been the oldest market so it is necessary to preserve this reputation and therefore we have taken care of the market first for the need to keep it clean,” said the CEM. The purpose of the meeting was to show the World Bank delegates the uniqueness of Khaddar Governance in the Bri U Hynniewtrep. related to this work.
They also wished him the best of luck in the 2023 elections.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Pynïaid Sing Syiem said that there are 17 areas for further investigation. role.
However, at the same time, he said that there may be a plan, but it is not clear yet because all the independent MDCs are still in the UDA. “We need change, we can't get there either,” he said.
Bah Warjri, one of the religious leaders of the Presbyterian Church, said he chose to enter politics because he found it to be the same job.
He said that there are also Bollywood filmmakers who have been willing to visit Meghalaya to shoot new films.
However, the sad thing is that they earn and set up as soon as the sun goes down and few people walk on Sunday.
" Bah Deng replied. Bah Deng felt sorry when he looked at her... After a while they sat there and left and went to Lanosha's house.
In the past few days, there have been allegations that there have been robbery at the college.
Girija Vyas from Rajasthan and KS Rao from Andhra Pradesh have joined the Cabinet as Cabinet Ministers.
Nongpoh: It took about 12 hours for five Khwai vehicles to pull over a truck number WB-25-E-5691, which had gone to plant baji inside a night at NH-6 road in Umling forest.
In the first half, Mission SC opened the scoring through Wanpynshngain Synnah in the 25th minute through Biket Nongkhlaw.
The apostle Paul encouraged Timothy with these words because Paul saw that bad times were coming.
Shillong, Nailar 14: Although the markets have been closed especially in the city, many private vehicles and taxis are also running.
“Whether it is Father Sten or other issues, I have always talked about them and I have taken this up with the leaders of the SengKmie.
The distribution of flowers was held at the place of collecting fines and awareness campaign was also given to the public to follow the rules and regulations for the safety of traffic.
Ma, The dark and dark Syrngiew are dancing in these days for our nation, there are many terrible signs that appear.
Afterwards, the Dame was taken to the Kur Longtrai herb garden in Ri Sawkur, near Madan Langtad, where she has been cared for since Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam Memorial Herb Garden.
The BJP has also criticized the Prime Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma for not knowing about the infiltration of Assam rebels in the state. She also alleged that the Prime Minister has not taken into consideration the threat to the state.
I also request the residents to cooperate with the various Dorbar Shnongs by staying indoors, avoiding going outside, maintaining social distancing, wearing masks. ) and to wash your hands.
This means that after it has been able to settle and accommodate and fill all the foreigners who are not Assamese in the border areas, it will sit down to discuss the border issue.
On the amendment to the Khyrnit Bahynriew, he said the Government of India has sent documents for final comments, and the EC will submit recommendations to the State Government on the amendment known as The 125th Constitutional Amendment and will meet again with the State Government on this issue.
Shillong: The District Administration of East Khasi Hills District has urged all the Durga Puja Committees (DPCs) to submit the list of all foreign contractors who come to build and decorate the pandals inside the state. District.
Jowai Cooperative Urban Bank Ltd (JCUBL) which has completed 45 years of service in Jaintia Hills has launched its debit card and website on Tuesday.
Those who wish to participate can register at Shillong Club between 6:30 am and 7:30 am.
Even Arvind Kejriwal said before the Gujarat elections, the IB had predicted that the AAP would win.
According to him, “There are many states in India and in a year, we have three or four elections.
About 100 people have been rescued and more than 78 bodies have been recovered.
Speaking to media, the Chief Election Commissioner (CEC) Rajiv Kumar, accompanied by the Election Commissioner Gyanesh Kumar and Dr Sandhu announced the date of the General Elections. 2024 to the Lok Sabha and State Assemblies.
Under the Chief Minister's Social Assistance Scheme, 1,06,334 beneficiaries including the seriously ill, destitute women and persons with disabilities have been assisted.
Shillong: UDP Mawlai MDC Teiborlang Pathaw has returned to the United Democratic Alliance (UDA) after joining the UDF led by Latiplang Kharkongor. Speaking to reporters, Teibor said the reason why he joined the UDF led by Latiplang Kharkongor is because of the UDF. there was a misunderstanding at that time but now this misunderstanding has been resolved.
The union has also received complaints from the residents that the employees of the office from the BDO to the junior officers do not come to the office properly but they come and go as they please which has caused problems to the residents. their activities relating to the Block.
Such rulers have no place in this present sinful world.
The Chief Minister suggested to set up a committee with members from the Forest Department, District Authorities, MeECL, Shillong Municipal Board, District Council and Water Resources Department. cleanse the Umiam.
Shillong: The Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, M.Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that one man has passed away from the hospital. cause of illness or covid-1
After the body of the woman was found, the police who investigated the incident found that there was a collision at the scene and started searching for the owner of the vehicle.
There was also a Cultural Program and it ended with the unveiling of the flag of the 50th Anniversary Jubilee.
Shillong: U Arun Kembhavi, Deputy Commissioner, West Khasi Hills, who has worked in the district for 15 months, has been transferred today and will take over as the Registrar of Cooperative Societies.
Shillong: U Arun Kembhavi, Deputy Commissioner, West Khasi Hills, who has worked in the district for 15 months, has been transferred today and will take over as the Registrar of Cooperative Societies.
One of the issues that the JAC has protested against is the appointment of Rohit Prasad by the Vice Chancellor, Prof. Prabha Shankar Shukla. The VC alone has not announced or informed the public.
He said that in cases of death of piglets, they immediately send for replacement.
“We don't know what the Prime Minister has announced, because we don't know whether that district will come or not,” said the people who were waiting happily outside the Circuit House.
In this nation of ours there is a war between those who love the past more than the future, who are called parochial conservationists; and those who have risen to the top of the so-called super elites.
He said financial support would come from many sources.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle today met with the DC of East Jaintia Hills, Bah FM Dopth IAS to seek clarification on the refusal of GR Infrastructure Ltd to pay the compensation. The land owners of Kuliang have been affected by the damage to their land due to the construction of the road by the company.
The cross on Calvary was a public and political matter in Jesus' time.
KSU members entered the room and searched for him to the toilet but could not find him.
Shillong, March 8: The Sengbhalang in Lum Garo Hills District has declared three days of mourning from the 10th to the 12th of this month. They also decided not to take part in the MDC elections of GHADC as a sign of protest against the allowance of foreigners who are not citizens to take part in the elections.
The woman was dressed in a shatri; that she is the daughter of the King, in fact she is only the Pyrsa of the King, who has nothing to do with being the daughter of the King (by blood relationship).
This exhibition was held as part of the collection of customs and traditions of Wahkhen.
However, the Meghalaya Agricultural Land Bill and the Meghalaya Compulsory Marriage Act have been rejected because there is no support,” said Bah Adelbert.
He said that the semi final of the 1st Division will be played on the 1st of this month at 12 noon between Porshangbet and New Nongstoin at 1.50 pm. son shall be between the Head against the Lawse in the same field.
Furthermore, the Association informs that you can contact the President or General Secretary of the Association or call the General Secretary of the Association on 6909537140 and the Association has given you until 30-9-2
He said that the Constitution of the Traditional Dorbar of KHADC will start on the 26th of this month and the bill will be introduced. FTD as the Council of Traditional Dorbar after it has been passed.
Ukraine's Minister of Energy said on Tuesday that Russia attacked two Ukrainian power plants overnight.
“I encourage them to continue in their work for the community, with our cooperation, we can build a new Meghalaya in education through our children”.
The MDC in his speech, first of all congratulated the chairman of the meeting and especially the BMC Amlarem Block who invited him to be the Chief Quest of the programme. I don't think he as an MDC should be invited to this day, because he said that we as MDCs or JHADC Jowai as a whole should be the Department or Agency that should look after or help such people. people don't have body parts.
“It will be a day to remember for the North East! PM @narendramodi, who leads the Government of India, has once again decided to reduce the declaration of disturbed areas in Nagaland, Assam and Manipur under the AFSPA. Peace and stability in the North East,” said Amit Shah in a tweet.
Police have searched the truck and after a while they have found the truck but the driver has fled into the forest.
In another incident, police have arrested a member of the group identified as Neujal A. Sangma from Gabil Bisa village, North Garo Hills.
“We will continue to monitor this work without rest so that the people of the area will get a good and complete road and we urge the government not to give trouble to the contractors who are building properly because but we want to get The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District has announced that according to a letter written to all those coal owners whose names appear on the Coal Inventory List, The Report on Assessment of Extracted Coal Stocks prepared by the Office of the Deputy Commissioner has been approved by the Hon'ble Supreme Court. form.
There will be no place for the BJP in Lum Garo, it is not a party that thinks of the minorities like us whether in religion or in other ways, we have been strong since the time of Late Capt William Sangma. until now" she said.
KHLIEHRIAT: The Society for the Promotion of Tourism, Khliehriat in collaboration with the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat has organized the District Level Inter School Art and Culture Competition S Suiam, Research Office, District Planning, East Jaintia Hills District opened the competition and encouraged the students to participate. to take part in such competitions to showcase their talents as well as to preserve the culture that our ancestors have created.
According to him, the union from Mawlai has visited with their own eyes the construction of the ISBT funded by the Central Government and we found that the walls of the rooms have been damaged especially the water supply. in many rooms.
“This election has come, it is better that the leaders should not take part to avoid partisanship so that they can conduct it in a clean manner without being accused,” he said.
“They should have cooperated with the government and they should have accepted what we arrange from the government.
Police tested positive for heroin weighing 32.5 gms.
Among the five persons who were taken to Lumdiengjri PS, one was the driver of Rishan Rapsang.
The insult to churches in any part of the country is something we must strongly condemn because such an act leaves a bloody mark on the image and reputation of India as a country that has been destroyed. democracy in front of the whole world.
She said that the parents have also met with the Principal Secretary of the State Education Department and what surprised them is that the Principal Secretary has informed them that he has not given them any order to Kendriya Vidyalaya Schools in connection with the above.
In the newspapers published on Tuesday and Tuesday, it appeared that Delhi and the Assam Government understand that the APHLC leaders see the problems of secession from Assam and are willing to build the unity of Assam. Assam.
The ban on fish imports has been in place for 15 days and then extended for another 15 days.
When listening to the voice of these farmers, it is very sad, because it is heard that the Nepali cows, they have Synsar farms which get 4 or 5 (Quintal) per year. but this year they have not found anything, because they have been destroyed.
His body has been post mortem and is still in Bangalore and will be transported from Bangalore to Mairang tomorrow.
We will turn this waste into a product that can be reused and remanufactured".
It is not the first time that the Waheh Shnongs have cases and there are other Waheh Shnongs who have cases but the case is going smoothly and the case is going on. the court and the Dorbar Shnong may appoint the Waheh Shnong.
If we look at the health sector in Meghalaya while mentioning the shortcomings, it will increase.
Former Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, on Tuesday said that some of the MLAs who joined the NPP have joined with the rules that should not be followed. I'm not the CEM.
This shows the nature of mankind in these days that after receiving help and good deeds, instead of being grateful, they speak evil.
Like those tragic incidents at the 'Rally in Shillong on Unemployment' which happened on 28th March 2022 which shocked us as a nation, and after a while another tragic incident in Mukroh village where precious lives have been lost.
He said that the company has five board directors, one of whom is a Khasi known as Bah Bhalang Singh Phanbuh, while the others are from Kolkata.
Shillong: U Congress MP from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, Bah Vincent Pala, on Tuesday said that he has worked hard to build a railway line in the state to connect the state with other parts of India. “I have worked hard to bring in a railway line to connect Meghalaya with other parts of India, the government has allocated T.40,000 crore for this purpose. “It has also spent up to T.40,000 crore,” said Vincent Pala while talking to reporters on Tuesday after the Congress protest.
The meeting was organized by the National Commission for Women (NCW) in collaboration with the Assam State Commission for Women (ASCW) and the Women and Child Development Department (WCD) Department, Government of Assam.
The Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum (KJCLF) has strongly condemned the members of those who cause trouble among the tribals and Christians as well as those involved in the destruction in Manipur.
The HBDRF strongly opposes this statement of Himanta Biswa Sarma and urges the state government to take action by sending a letter to the Chief Minister of Assam to ensure that Mukroh still falls under the Meghalaya and Block-1 are currently in the midst of demarcation to return this area to Meghalaya.
Spokesperson of HYC-JHD, HNYF-WJZ and FACT, Bah Mewat-hi Suchiang, said that the Council's violation of the Service Rule 1981 is unacceptable. The delay in the investigation by the Administrative Inquiry Committee is only a secret ploy of these officers involved in this case.
He said that according to the rules, any case should be completed within four months except those which are murderous or serious crimes.
He said that he is very concerned about the people and is afraid that this nation will disappear if no measures are taken to prevent the entry of foreigners. state.
If the BJP sees that there is corruption, why hasn't it done anything in the last three years by sending teams of inquiry into corruption,” asked Elgiva Rynjah.
There were 427 homeless people who had to stay in two temporary shelters provided for them. The requirements for the flood victims have been implemented so far.
On the occasion of the Republic Day, all the shops in Ladrymbai were closed for unknown reasons.
“We express our deep gratitude to all those who have given their lives, some of whom have died in giving their service.
Furthermore, from the speech of these two Pastors, came out a voice, that it has been a great shame for the country and the nation, because as a Khasi country, most of the youth are Christian children, but ruser crime is increasing and that society has deteriorated.
“If the Government does not pay within the month of April, we have decided to suspend the holidays in schools,” said Kong Syiemlieh.
Admitting that it is no longer surprising that political parties that cannot do anything but disrespect the work of the Prime Minister, Chandrashekhar said, “This is a statement to the voters. vote of Meghalaya that if there is any development in Meghalaya, it is through the hard work and commitment of the Prime Minister for the development of Meghalaya.
Furthermore, the Chief Leader of the KSU promised that the offices of the KSU are well monitored and will do whatever is necessary. “It is necessary to work with the KSU offices to encourage the paradoh parasnam to come forward and not to allow foreigners to come and steal the wealth of the state,” said Samla. Aristone Good Morning.
Nongpoh, July 24: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Arpit Upadhayay has issued an order to ban all liquor shops and construction sites under Section 52 (1) of the ME Act. Liquor, bars and other shops selling liquor will be closed on the 26th July, as part of the Republic Day celebrations in Ri Bhoi District.
The NESIDS will work to provide drinking water, electricity, airports to promote tourism as well as education and health.
This is the sixth time that KWS has done this in recent years as part of encouraging the youth of the village to work hard to improve in life.
The house was completed after 1 year, 8 months.
Shillong: The Special Session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will be held on the 25th and 26th of this month. Permit for areas within the boundary of the District Council.
On the allegation that some NPP MLAs and MDCs including the Principal Secretary to the NPP leader, Prestone Tynsong, Dr Kharlukhi said, “According to information, Prestone went to campaign and it is not that he did not go,” said Dr Kharlukhi.
Chamling, who is the longest serving Chief Minister of India, has issued these temporary appointment letters to one person from each household in all 32 constituencies in the state. It is called 'Rojgar Mela
This can be done with the nuit of the nier but in many places it is difficult to get the nuit.
The main reason is that when Meghalaya became a sub-state in 1970, the leaders at that time did not believe in regulating the border – they were happy to install a beacon with three colors. vehicles and money from the Government of India.
Australia struggled to score runs due to the good performance of the South African bowlers, but in the end they managed to reach the target by scoring 215 runs in 47.2 overs.
The decision was supported by the President of the Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP), who said that the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo states should be created in order to govern themselves.
The HNLC has raised the question, how can it be that the leader of the Bhalang, can carry the letters demanding money from the HNLC, especially when he himself, is being monitored by the government. The HNLC has alleged that many youths have been arrested in any form on suspicion that they have links to the HNLC. The Seng also clarified that as one of the Sengbhalang, it has links with many Sengbhalang groups and this is not appropriate to arrest all the Sengbhalang leaders.
Not only that, many shops in Iewduh have been closed, especially those belonging to the Dkhars, due to fear of any incident.
In the Under-17 boys category, Raid Mynsaw RMSA beat Mawïonglumsyntiew SS 7-0 and BBC Steplanglur beat Nonglang Higher Secondary School 4-0
The meeting between the EMs and the Ministers of Mylliem Hima lasted for several hours, and after leaving the room of Bah Hadrian, the Nongiew said that they had discussed on 8 issues. These eight issues include the infiltration of foreigners in Iewduh who have also turned the holy market into a residence, the permission of foreigners to set up businesses while mon, the increasing number of foreign workers in the market, the increase in the number of foreign Daju of Nepali origin, the employment of children in the shops and ja shops, the cleanliness of the market and others.
Shillong, Lber 11: Opposition Leader Dr Donkupar Roy has warned the government led by Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma to refrain from blaming and politicizing the incidents in the state.
Furthermore, the problem of the Khasi language is that it cannot improve, because the students in schools, when they don't take the subject, they have started to forget even to speak it at home. shed.
At the same time, he said that this disease is very contagious but it is not dangerous and people should not be afraid like other diseases but what is needed is to treat. well, especially not to wear the same items of clothing so that it does not fit.
No casualties were reported except for the loss of property.
This disease does not affect a person's intelligence, but it affects his ability to learn.
Shillong: Five employees of St Xavier Girls Hostel have been shot dead by unidentified robbers in Umoid village, South West Khasi Hills District. .
?" asked Kong Lumspah.
Finally, Tymmen Basan GNS Myrthong gave a speech from the Word of God.
On the other hand, the Chief Secretary, Bah DP Wahlang, announced the revival of the Umkhrah River and other rivers in Shillong and stressed the need for some measures. ways that can be used to preserve the environment.
The MLA, who won two seats from Silchar, said that when the besin is played, like Lord Krishna, the milk production of the cow increases.
Larsingh Khyriem has played a major role in providing the land for the construction of the hall since the Assam rule of Meghalaya.
The discovery was made during an excavation in parts of the Judean Shephelah, east of the Hebron Mountains, led by Professor Avraham Faust of the University of Bar-Ilan.
Such leaders were not born but not made. They were born but not made.
Now let us come to the Smart Meter, which the Minister of Electricity has been working on especially since the removal of James Sangma from Power and Electricity.
“During our inspection, since the year of the uranium strike in Domiasiat, when the government has closed down the school in this area, as a party we have raised this question before the government in which the government has accepted and has resumed schooling in the area since October,” he added.
Poland said that on the second visit, the prayer leader explained that Justin was still on the run and this has upset the family.
The church does not intend to pray only for him but for this election as a whole.
On the other hand, the spokeswoman of the centre, said that she is not aware of the incident yet and the work is going smoothly.
Dr War said that the curfew in Byrnihat and Khanapara will help prevent the spread of Covid-19 in this area. men shall not be able to fight.
At the same place, he also inaugurated the 165 M bridge over the Simsang and Kampil rivers at a cost of Rs 2.35 crore.
Tiewmihpli is the daughter of Rila Lyndoh and Kyrshan Dkhar.
The incident happened on Sunday evening on the Nolbari Miapara road on the Meghalaya-Assam border but the incident happened on the Assam border.
This was confirmed by the Chief Executive Member of the Council, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, Chief Executive Member of the NPP MDCs in KHADC.
Those who live in Shillong and surrounding areas can register at the office of the District Sports Officer (DSO) Shillong JN Stadium Polo during office hours and those who are far away can come directly and call 9856041365 and
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the mountains will be destroyed within 50 years.
Imphal: The city of Imphal in Manipur continues to be under curfew, with firearms stolen from police stations a concern for the security department.
In 2019, in the MDC election, in Mowkaïaw, after the victory of the UDP candidate, NPP supporters damaged many houses in Mowkaïaw.
Mohan Gurung scored the first goal in the 69th minute, while Smit, although they played hard, couldn't turn the tide until the end.
For the Nongkhriam priests, according to the tradition of the ancestors, the dakhlieh or Jainspong is necessary and symbolizes the presence of power and authority.
On the occasion, C.Kharkongor, IAS, also spoke briefly about the complaint of the people regarding the plastic rice, but she replied that it is not so but according to The Assistant Commissioner of Food and Safety, Mukhim, who came to meet face to face at the office of the Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, said that it is not plastic rice but plastic rice. fortified rice which lacks vitamins will be helpful for consumers because it contains iron, B12 and others.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has allowed all political parties to sit in front of the Additional Secretariat tomorrow to protest against the arrest of the President of the KSU, Bah Daniel Khyriem and to release him immediately.
In boxing, Hema Sumer, Rozia Nongsiej, Junestar Marboh, Monfill Marweiñ, Mack Lyngdoh Marshillong, Bashemphang Shullai, Jimmy B. Shadap (Coach) and Eva W. Marbaniang (Manager) were the winners.
There was also an allegation that those people who operate the weighbridges of the Transport Department have close ties with some Ministers.
Four new cases have been confirmed in Assam and these were confirmed by the Guwahati Medical College Hospital. Arsad Ali (19) from Nalbari, Hazrat Ali (60) from Jagiroad, Nurrudin (55) from Jagiroad and Md. Joban Ali (46) of Jagiroad.
The matches tomorrow will be between Madan Thadmuthlong vs Mulang Ialong at 11 pm, Maitshaphrang Mootyrshiah vs Ksehsylle Ialong at 1 pm and Lumkhangdong Kyndontuber vs Lumchyrmang at 1 pm. at 3 pm.
Bah Kharkongor said the allegation that he had a headache is unacceptable.
Speaking at the BJP office in Bhopal, Thakur expressed her condolences on the death of the two leaders.
The investigation into these arrested persons is ongoing to track down other members of the new party.
He was asked whether states like Punjab and Delhi are looking for injection drug suppliers from around the world and even municipalities are looking for international drug suppliers like Brihanmumbai Municipal. Corporation.
The Special Judge (POCSO), Nongstoiñ has sentenced Bringstarwell Kharbani to 25 years imprisonment and a fine of T.50,000/- The rape of a 13-year-old girl has been reported since
The union is deeply saddened by this attack on the journalists and demands that the Assam police should respect the journalists and not treat the journalists as crowds who participated in the protest. they do not organize meetings.
In a statement sent on July 14, the MSCW said that Bah Paul's remarks were against the provisions of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women Act that under Chapter II, Section 4 (3), no one shall be dismissed until a proper explanation has been received.
Shillong, Jympahng 24: Former North Shillong MLA and VPP candidate from this constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on Tuesday said that even if he has to stand alone on the demand for extension of the age limit for appointment in the state, he was able to fulfill this request.
Shillong, July 17: The Shillong Traffic Police (DPD) has conducted a special drive throughout the month.
The Movement has expanded its activities to other states like Mizoram, Assam, Manipur and Nagaland and later to 12 cities in different states of the North East under the name of Ferrando Domestic Workers' Alliance.
These Bible teachings can help and encourage us to fight this disease and show us how to shape the future.
The program was conducted by Chief Legal Aid Defense Counsel, West Jaintia Hills District. She said that the program was conducted to raise awareness among the residents especially the part-time school children. and also to raise awareness about the various schemes and assistance available to the students.
Washington, June 3: Hindus will become the third most populous nation in 2050, while India will become the first ethnic group to surpass Indonesia's population. where it will be the largest Muslim country by 2050, according to the data.
Rupang has also spoken to some government officials who did not want to be named, and on their part they have expressed their reluctance to come to work tomorrow. He said that they have to look at the condition of the world whether they are driving or standing, they have to look from behind and if it is they have to come to work.
“The peace talks have started and the government wants the talks to end soon,” he said.
He said the UDP has failed to educate the people and therefore the Congress party's statement that the BJP is against the minorities is intimidating the people.
Therefore, we cannot explain all the contents of this Draft EIA 2020 notification.
He said that the party has already selected the right candidates to contest the election and therefore the people should no longer doubt the party and the candidates that the VPP is contesting.
Hamletson Dohling said the arrival of the new All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) in the state and the entry of 12 MLAs into the party will help the ethnic parties to win and win the majority in the MLA elections in
course at St Mary's starts at 50,000 tyngka per annum; while in PGT the forms are sold at the price of 1000 tyngka each.
Because in this age of social media, as soon as anything happens, it has spread all over India and even other countries of the world.
If you apply for a ticket, I will know and we will take a decision,” said the Prime Minister.
NEHUSU Vice President Easterson Sohtun said that the VC's urgent decision to implement the NEP from 1st July 2023 shows that the VC has taken a decision alone without consideration. Easterson said that even the Minister of Education, Rakkam Sangma, recently made it clear that there are colleges in Meghalaya which are not yet authorized to implement the NEP this year and it is for this reason that teachers and students are very happy about this urgent decision of the VC. problems, otherwise we will receive a 0++ grade from H RD.
“He urged the people to vote for the BJP this time so that change will come in Meghalaya like Assam which is growing rapidly every day.
On the other hand, the KSU has informed the Agency of the complaints it has received from the residents of Laban area regarding the shortage of tyndong lyer per year which is only 10 Gas Agencies. to provide at least 12 tires per year.
Many husbands who work in such jobs in the rural areas, who complain because they have been ordered to go and get firewood to cook for the children.
He said that if the Hima does so, it will cause the people to leave and they will continue to register their land at the Deputy Commissioner's office as usual.
Panah humbled himself like a snake in fear and said, “Rida, I believe you don't understand. This is one thing I have to tell you.
What happened after a day or two was a consolation from some of those who were present at the meeting, it is not as I said, but many of our women are being humiliated.
Lumpariat beat Dongmihsngi 2-0 while Chutwakhu beat West Madan Mustem 1-0 in the first leg of the second leg at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Ladthadlaboh, Jowai. on Tuesday.
After the struggle for the government, there was a misunderstanding between the members of the HSPDP and the civil society came forward to explain to the people.
When asked whether the Central Government is ready to invite the HNLC to the table for peace talks, the Central Government and the State Government have set conditions that they must meet before there can be peace talks. On the other hand, u Bah Hek said that there will be rules, but those rules should be agreed upon by both sides, not just listened to.
He said that the visit of some farmers of Mawlongbna to meet the CEM should inform him to take action to stop the invasion of Thyllaw into their farmland.
Police conducted a search and rescue operation to arrest the suspects and recover the stolen firearms.
“We demand that nurses should be skilled and should be included in the committee because only nurses who train students in schools and colleges,” said the general secretary of MGNSA. nurses will have to take action if the government cannot accept their demands.
Wanteibok Lyngdoh, Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council West Khasi Hills, said that if there is indeed a death of pigs, it may be that the owners of these pigs have not taken good care of them.
The soil observed in these areas was found to be mixed with small and smoky colour.
The Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Metbah Lyngdoh has stressed the need to strengthen the self-government mechanisms to empower the people and to bring government services to all parts of the country. .
People who have the courage to do what is right acquire wisdom.
“How much is it necessary to do something against a Member of Parliament at midnight? What crime or case has he been charged with? They didn't tell us anything.
It is learned that while the five persons were ringing bording, they were carrying an electrical wire and were pulling a sign suddenly one of the electrical wires fell on the head of Sambor and the incident happened. at 10:30 am today.
The Jaintia Tribal Traders' Association (JTTA) has launched a campaign to curb the illegal trade of foreigners in Jowai. Distribution and distribution of jain around the villages and branches in Jowai.
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) MDC Bernard N. Marak said the demand to make Tura the capital during the rainy season will be fulfilled after the establishment of the Secretariat and other government departments.
Finally, we urge the children of the Bri u Hynniewtrep to contribute their efforts and strongly support this demand for the implementation of this Act, the Meghalaya Equitable Succession to Ancestral and Self Act. Acquired Property Act (Khasi and Jaintia Special Provision) Act to encourage and encourage all the children of the family, male and female, to use their talents and blessed natural resources. by the Creator to make our nation and state rich, prosperous and a pride in the whole of India.
“Twinklely has reached this stage because of her hard work, singing and under the leadership of the All Meghalaya Dancer Association (AMDA), she has reached this stage. Grant Final of the Indian Talent Fight”, said the father of Twinklely, who urged all the talented youth of the state to take this as a leadership opportunity. AMDA to showcase their talents.
The Army, Army, Assam Rifles, Meghalaya Police and Fire Brigade together with the district authorities were present at the scene.
Commander Shangpliang, Leader of the Hill Farmer Union (HFU) which works for the farmers in the state, gave his full support to the AIKSCC. led by VM Singh which is fighting for the same important issue.
The MeECL Joint Action Committee has demanded that the government should implement the request to appoint a Director Finance, Director Human Resource and Chairman cum Managing Director of MeECL so that the Corporation can be strong and move forward. for the benefit of MeECL employees and the benefit of the State.
For me, I feel like returning home and I dedicate myself to help the BJP Meghalaya to reach further”.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeCL) has installed electricity poles in Iongkhuli village, which are standing in the same line as the electricity poles of the Assam Electricity Board, Shillong. in July of 2021.
The robbers blocked the road and took him out of the vehicle and abducted him from the scene.
Nongthymmai MLA Charles Pyngrope was the Chief Guest in the presence of Principal Secretary GHP Raju and Rotary Trainer G. Pradesh Pillai. International.
Shillong, Lber 03: The Interim Governor of Meghalaya, Banwarilal Purohit today reviewed the work done by the MUA-II government and others to be done including peace, development and you read.
In the women's category, Ibahunshisha Malieh of Sati Raja Memorial SS won the Best Player category, Bansngewrit Shlem of Khlieh Umstem SS won the U-14 category and Iaryngkat Kharkrang of Pratlynti SS won the U-14 category. 17.
This time, the number of participants has increased fourfold compared to last year, when there were only 700 participants, but this second edition has witnessed a rapid growth. The festival was organized by the MSOA with the aim of promoting tourism in the state especially in the Sohra area.
The FKJGP has submitted the report to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on 3rd March for immediate action. Shillong: The city of Shillong has been affected by the floods.
In Group B, Lebanon is top of the group, along with the Maldives, Bhutan and Bangladesh.
Speaking on the UCC, she said that once they have received a written statement, they will discuss it.
Grimes, 33, is reportedly dating Chelsea Manning, 34, after breaking up with Musk (50). days, at the Grimes home in Austin, Texas.
Langsning has had to adapt to the changing climate, with temperatures reaching 35 degrees Celsius.
At present, India have to play hard as the match is still 1-1 in the three-match tournament.
They said that the shortage of Generalists and Specialists in the state is about 50 per cent but if we count only Specialists, the shortage in the state is 50 per cent. long gene up to 65 to 70 per cent.
Some foods are considered to be the most important foods for health and longevity.
Shillong, July 02: Due to the marketing of the Khasi film “Onaatah”, the producers have decided to market it abroad to Assam.
Therefore, what is seen from this summons or request for explanation from the Principal of the school, is that it is a child and has no basis, but it is true that this chief officer of the education department has been forced. IAS officer will be so stupid that he doesn't know or understand the rules of procedure of the government.
Meanwhile, it cannot be confirmed whether the incident happened recently or in the past but the Russian Defense Ministry has not commented on the incident. affair.
Therefore, the union requests the contractor not to be slow but to complete the work on time as this road has been old since 2014 and started construction in in the year
Shillong: There have been 231 cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 460 recoveries, 8 deaths and 7 unvaccinated cases.
During the programme, it was also explained that the violence against children, in any way, is illegal.
The retail price for FPS within 5 kilometers of wholesale will be according to the price set by the Vigilance Committee.
He urged them to become agents of change in society by participating in the knowledge-based industrial revolution.
The reason why the KSU has given its full support to Sabuda village, is after hearing the voice of many churches, that the people living in Sabuda village, do not want to The border is from Assam, but it is from Meghalaya.
On the other hand, Bernard said the BJP will take those who violate the order of the Supreme Court to court.
Until 2023, since the Supreme Court issued the order, no truck has been allowed to carry more than 12 tonnes of coal.
These celestial bodies, which orbit the sun, are said to have come to Earth at a distance of 2.72 million miles; but though they were at that distance, yet in the power of man, it was a very terrible turn.
Before his arrest, the CID had registered a case against him since 28th March on these charges.
The collapse of the dam has left the government in a state of anxiety as it can no longer provide electricity to the people of the state.
Shillong, July 29: Basana Mandal, 19, daughter of Anil Mandal, Saitsohpen, Sohra, has committed suicide by throwing herself into a pond. Mem Jones is located near the Civil Sub Division, Sohra.
This desire of the non tribals continues and is increasing to this day.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has postponed the polling day after receiving many letters from Mizoram requesting not to hold the polling day on 3rd November 2023 on Sunday. .
The meeting was held to honor Bah HM Shangpliang when he spoke on the issues of farmers in the Legislative Assembly and who was able to persuade the state government to turn forest products into agricultural products such as synsar. , slatyrpad and sohmrit which are now very expensive in the market.
Think about it, "It's not the highest rank but the highest morality"
Shillong, July 01: The East Khasi Hills District Taxi Welfare Association (EKHLTWA) has refused to accept the order issued by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong RM Kurbah. All vehicles shall be operated with Odd and Even Numbers, which shall operate from Kashari Point to Khyndai Lad and Motphran.
The trial will be held on the 22nd of this month at Shillong Public School Ground, Laitumkhrah at 4 pm.
Speaking to reporters after being elected Prime Minister, Tusk said it was a great victory for the Centrist Party to be in power and to bring about many changes in the country.
Investigation revealed that one of the occupants was a suspect involved in drug trafficking.
It is believed that one of the AK rifles found belonged to the police department which was stolen during the shooting.
There are also long crematoria and it was seen that there is water in the pond, where it is said that there are many ways, when you enter.
When inquired about how much they spend on a shop just to clean, they said that it depends on the size of the shop, which the total expenditure on cleaning is not less than T.15,0 amount.
Then the heart that has passed the youth begins when others can enjoy the joy that will never end.
The helicopter was spotted in the dense forests of Tirap district, the report said.
Shillong, June 09: The 30th National Tournament of the Seng Khihlang will be held this year at Urksew Stadium, Pynursla, East Khasi Hills from 14th to 16th June
In fact, this National Highway should not be very good.
He also reminded that the NPP has been an ally of the BJP-led NDA coalition in the central government since the time of (L) Purno Agitok Sangma and Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah (SMR) of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the state government also agrees with the suggestion of the Indian government to introduce the subject Hindi up to the class X in all schools.
The mother, who lost her baby boy in a car, said that when she left Mawthawniaw, she didn't suffer anything, but she left because she understood that The time was near for her to give birth, but she met this tragic accident in the middle of the road.
I understand of course it is difficult; but I believe that it shall be so as we expect.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the FKJGP in Ri Bhoi District, today shut down the Resource Rubber Pvt.
So she asked Abraham what he had to do with Sarah.
Padu United 'A' and Ummulong Grassroot Center have qualified for the final of the men's category while the men's and women's teams have qualified for the final of the men's category. In the women's category, Amlarem Government LP School will face Mukhla Grassroot Center in the final.
However, in the end Swiatek won 6-4
On the other hand, the Minister expressed his concern over the shortage of students in the State who have passed the CUET and other examinations.
Tomorrow, there will be heavy rainfall in Shillong and surrounding areas.
All thoughts were thrown away because no one could shorten that line without touching it.
“While we are moving forward with the work, there are some areas on the part of the HNLC and also on the part of the government which we have to discuss, and we are still resolving these more pressing issues.
The residents of Athiabari, Rangsapara and surrounding villages have been in fear that the area and their land will turn into what happened. of the Angels.
We have now been able to reach a small group of only 23 members who are now in Nepal.
The ATM of SBI, which is located on the side of the road, near the camp of the 4th MLP Battalion Sohpian, Nongstoin, has been out of order for 10 months.
