There is no central divider between Mawryngkneng and Ratacherra.
However, the signs have not yet indicated whether PA Sangma, who is the leader of the Nationalist People's Party (NPP), will get the post of Minister at the swearing-in ceremony. witnesses, by the leaders of all the countries of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperations (SAARC).
It is learned that a government official of the department; He appealed to the Prime Minister about the incident.
Bah Sosthenes Sohtun strongly condemned these attacks by Assam despite knowing that the border settlement between Assam and Meghalaya is ongoing.
The ancients tell us that in ancient times wild animals and birds were considered as messengers of God the Creator.
In the universe, there are thousands of these Sun-Planet groups that we don't know about.
Nongpoh, Nailur, 01: The National People's Party (NPP) has celebrated its 11th Anniversary in 2013 and also to commemorate the 76th Birthday of (L) Purno Agitok Sangma. The NPP Jirang Block in collaboration with the NPP Ri Bhoi District today celebrated this day by distributing awards to the students who passed well in the SSLC examination 2023 and There is also an award ceremony for a star filmmaker who has won the National Film Award.
He said the inaction of the previous governments has prompted the civil society to protest.
Many of these leaders who spoke have been in the political party for decades which was founded by Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah KP Pangñiang said that there are more than 3,000 poor households in the constituency.
The marathon will be held as part of the celebration of the polling season for the candidates for the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Election
He said that even the tourism industry in the state is only for the benefit of foreigners as there is no policy for the benefit of the indigenous people.
The SP of West Khasi Hills, Bah S Nongtnger, said that the four GNLA members were arrested while they were driving a Bolero (ML-06
Of these, three have already been charged while one is pending and two are pending.
They immediately informed the members of the KSU Tongseng Narpuh unit and with the hard work of the members, the sumo was seized.
“He urged the people of the constituency not to succumb to the deception of MLA Lahkmen Rymbui as he deceived them in 2018 to employ 3000 youths of the area.
You yourself, you may feel that you are nothing but when your soul is tired and you were born to be like that, can you just listen? That is why the world will know you as that Good News.
He said that recently the government through the Meghalaya State Skill Development Society under the Labor Department has announced SURE (empaneled) as one of the organizations with which the government will work with in terms of skills training. three sap of the young men.
On Twitter, Pranab Mukherjee, 84, who has been President of the country since 2012 and 2017, has warned that anyone who has met him in recent months should stay alone. or to isolate themselves and test themselves for COVID-2
Out of the 103 districts in the North East, 13 districts ranked highest in Arunachal Pradesh with scores between 93 and 99 (front-runner).
The search operation was conducted after the police found that there are many accidents on the NH-6 and especially the two wheelers. to two-wheeler drivers, which prompted the Police to conduct the search operation and impose fines on those who violate the rules of driving.
Mowkaiaw MDC, Habahun Dkhar was the chief guest to distribute the prizes and to close the festival.
Likewise, as CHRISTIANS, we are called to be the RULERS and GUARDIANS of GOD'S CREATURES. All living things on Earth need this WATER of life on this Earth which can be lost. but to us Christians, the Lord Jesus Christ has to give us this WATER OF ETERNAL LIFE. We remember that the Lord Jesus spent part of His life in His ministry by he invites and offers this “WATER OF LIFE" of HOPE, GRACE, PEACE, HEALING and ENCOURAGEMENT into their lives.
Khliehtyrshi scored 93 runs in 20 overs for the loss of five wickets.
Meghalaya's Allen Lyngdoh scored the first goal in the 45+1 minute but two minutes later, in the 45+3 minute, Odisha turned the tide through Prabin Tigga.
The teachers said that if the government does not invite them, after the election in GHADC, they will definitely resume their strike on 19th June
The ILP The Inner Line Permit (ILP) is a permit or permission for anyone who has been allowed to enter a state where there is an ILP. how many days, where are they going and such questions.
“On 4th October 2016, I lost my father (PA Sangma), and now I feel that I have lost another one like my father,” he said. Speaking at the last tribute to the Speaker of the House, Dr Donkupar Roy, who is also the President of the UDP, u Conrad K Sangma.
People who have recognized A, B, K etc. or who have learned to read and write understand the meaning of these words.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 30: U Bah Witting Mawsor, former MLA of Mawshynrut constituency, who is also the Vice President of the HSPDP, has been talking about the The highway from Nongstoiñ, Maweit to Kulang is about 75 km long.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Sping Mawlieh Finance Secretary of the Society, said that at the time of the fire, the residents and volunteers of Riangdo village, were fighting while the fire broke out. They can put out the fire, but they can't do anything.
On the other hand, u Bah Metbah said that regarding the PDS, there is no problem because the Government has prepared and from now on, as arranged, the village authorities will come and collect the food items from the authorities. District Administration and to provide a list of residents from their villages.
The KSU said that it is encouraging to know that the National Women's Commission and the National Scheduled Tribes Commission have sent an inquiry into these actions of the VC. Prof. SK Srivastava has been able to publish many books.
“Georgeprince said that the state government through an office memorandum has issued an order on 10th June 2022 to implement the Reservation Roster.
“There are schools especially in rural areas where for every five students, there are five teachers,” said Babu Khongjirem and this should be resolved.
They also know how to threaten that without the BJP, it is impossible to form a government just because it holds power in Delhi.
Alleging that his arrest is a political motive, Bah Iangrai said there is a danger to his life and that of his family.
“The demand for timber in Assam is very high and this has prompted the timber shops in the state to increase the price as the smuggling of timber to Assam is very high.
The KHADC should take action to resolve this injustice against Khasi men, without waiting for the UCC of the Central Government.
The incident happened at Tizit village, Mon district of Nagaland on the morning of the 25th of this month.
“This statement shows a lack of respect for the hard work of Contractual teachers over the past decades in which we have produced students to rise to the ranks of fame.
Sahame Sumer graduated from Ku Chaphrang's school.
Perhaps your Nia and Khun Kha also have such a problem in their lives in relation to you...” Kong Mer added. I don't know why, but I'm sure they don't have such a feeling.
He said that they will install a microprocessor at a cost of T.3 crore 72 lakh to improve the electricity supply.
To achieve that, the Jaitbynriew needs Rangbah who can develop the trade not only in the past but will continue in the future generations – if the trade ends only in the past generation, such a thing will happen. should be called “Khaïi-Sahteng” or “Khaïi-Shiteng” – if it becomes stronger and stronger among the children, such a Khaïi can be called “Khaïi-Pateng” – a Khaïi that grows stronger and stronger. continue to grow in Pateng to Pateng.
what do you cup.
Shillong, July 19: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) on Tuesday said that it has not lost anything from the deterioration of medicines purchased under the NRHM scheme.
Vondrousova will prepare for her second Grand Slam match after finishing second at the 2019 French Open.
Guwahati: Himanta Biswa Sarma today said that the non-introduction of the Citizenship Bill (CAB) in the Rajya Sabha has been a great victory for Assam. There are 17 Assembly constituencies in Bangladesh.
Speaking to media, Titostarwell said that the Management will soon invite Expression of Interest from any companies that wish to work together.
“It's just to avoid injury, but if the stone falls, they can hurt their legs,” he said.
Don't think that just because you are in power in Delhi, you can come and speak as much as you want in Meghalaya.
Umpling opened the scoring in the 5th minute through Klinton Roy Mylliemumlong.
“Although the repairs are ongoing, it has affected the students who need to prepare their books and stay inside the hostel,” he said. the Vice Chancellor to implement the demands of the students.
He said the Garo language is a Tibeto-Burmese language of the Boro-Jingpko group spoken in Meghalaya, Assam, Tripura and Nagaland.
Revelation 13:1-2
This year, despite the heavy rainfall, the performance of this sacrifice by the religious servants of the Raij has been smooth and peaceful, and with the ability to complete this sacrifice once a year before the arrival of During the days of the Shad Niam Behdeinkhlam, the village and the kingdom will enjoy peace, prosperity and development in all aspects.
How can even your children be a bad thing??? Many decades have passed since the old one in Khyndaillad was demolished and a new one has not been built yet.
From the Water Resources Department, the state has received T.300 crore this year and T.85 crore from the Tourism Department through the Swadesh Darshan scheme.
Shillong, Nailur 17: The Durbar Village Council of Umsning Lum-Umpih, Raid Mawbuh, Ri-Bhoi District will hold a cleanliness drive on the 2nd of this month.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: Friends United CC and Laitjem CC have won the District League T20 Cricket Tournament 2022 organized by the MoU. East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (ECC) will play in the tournament on Friday.
Nongpoh: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) General Secretary Marcus Makri, while speaking to reporters, on Tuesday said that the Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) strongly condemns the MeECL department over the incident. A woman and a 3-year-old child from Nar-ang village have died after being electrocuted.
In another development, KSU Sohiong Circle on 20th November 2019 held a public meeting at Sohiong Market as part of the protest against the Citizenship Amendment Act 2019 (CAA) and to demand the implementation of the Inner Line. Permit (ILP) from the Central Government.
Ranikor MLA/MDC Ranikor Constituency, Bah Pius Marweiñ, on Tuesday laid the foundation stone for the construction of a Sub-Centre at a cost of T.55 lakh at Ngunraw village.
As the Hynniewtrep people are a special people, may God have mercy on them to look after their problems and listen to the prayers of the people of this state.
The semifinal will start next month with the first match between Rangdajied and Lajong on the 7th of this month, while the second semifinal will be between Mawlai SC and Mawlai SC. Langsning on the 8th of this month at 3:15 pm at the SSA Stadium.
For many, the nearest hospital is the Assam Government's Boko Hospital in Assam, about 50 kilometers from Kyrshai. Government health facilities.
Before the election of these Village Officers, the Dolloi of Jowai Elaka, Puramon Kynjing, gave a briefing on the society, the rule of law and how to live a clean and safe life in the village. He said that they can bring about the development of the village so that others can see the way of life of this village. The residents should have unity in any good work of the village and should also cooperate with the village authorities so that it will be a prosperous village.
The Deputy Commissioner added that the demolition of illegal coal mining factories will continue.
Egenstar said the government has given them 10 days to respond to their demands and if it does not, they will take other measures.
“Furthermore, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has informed that the work for Package-2 has now reached 37.7% and Package-4 has reached 30.10%.
Nongpoh, July 24: The Senior Scientist of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board, Bah SSwer today said that the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MPCB) has not been silent, but has worked hard to improve the quality of water supply. Byrnihat has been recognized as one of the highest pollution producing areas in India.
FASTOM has demanded from the Minister to increase the salary of 18,000 tyngka to all the teachers on their list.
Also present on the occasion were the Asst Education Secretary of KSU Sengkmie, Samla Shalkitbok Kharbani, Rangbah Shnongs of various villages under Jaïaw Pyllun and parents of selected children and youths. to receive the award.
Therefore, whenever you look around Shillong, you can see only street houses worth tens of crores and vehicles worth tens of lakhs of rupees.
In the life of Him or Man, we live in thoughts and speak.
The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Nityanand Rai, said that about four organizations recognized as terrorist groups have been registered under the UAPA this year. They are included in the First Schedule of the Act.
So far, 640 cases have been confirmed in the state, 436 cases in East Khasi Hills, 83 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 3 cases in West Khasi Hills District, 1 case in South West Khasi Hills District. cases in West Jaintia Hills District, 6 cases in East Jaintia Hills District, 84 cases in West Garo Hills District, 2 cases in South Garo Hills District, 6 cases in North Garo Hills District and 3 cases in South West Garo Hill District.
Our efforts have failed even though we have a majority in the Dorbar Thaw Riti of the Khasi Hills...the surprising thing is that this Dorbar has been suddenly ended without any reason.
Therefore, the voice of the people invites the people of Shillong especially the youth to come and support tomorrow morning so that the demand to change the reservation policy will be achieved. Swang Syiem College and will end at Mawkyrwat Market after which there will be a meeting on the same day at Mawkyrwat Market.
Out of the last 16 matches, it has won 7 times, drawn 5 times and lost 4 times.
“They will investigate what happened and you have to tell the whole truth.
What is more surprising is that after a few hours, one of the cows survived, while 18 died at the same time.
The Meghalaya High Court has recently requested the assistance of up to 10 personnel of the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) to curb the smuggling of coal as the State Police have not been able to curb it in the past three years. go away.
He said the meeting also discussed the problems in education related to the implementation of the NEP, where it was understood that there will be many problems because as of now there is no syllabus. 'full – you have only 1 and 2 semesters'
I was about 10 years older than her, and I was her junior in politics.
This action of the government forced the party to leave the meeting immediately especially when it was clear that the government does not allow to discuss the policy.
These food items donated by JHDS include Dai, Phan, Piat, Shini, Slasha and Mluh to 245 poor families in Khahnar and Muknor villages on 21st July
Banshai Marbaniang, from Mawsynram, has sent a petition to the office of the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, where he has also sent a copy to the Road Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari. & Highways of the Government of India.
“At that time, a Garo, who passed BA, could still be appointed, so how would he be given a job?” said Bah Mawlong. He went to the Supreme Court to challenge the decision and said, “Why claim the past”.
Even China, which has a two-child policy, will by that time reform to have as many children as possible.
“He said that as an MLA, he has taken the initiative to inform the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma to talk to the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma. The Deputy Commissioner of Kamrup District and the Superintendent of Police of Ri Bhoi District have promised to send Magistrates and Police personnel to investigate. He also directed the district authorities to rebuild the signboard through the office of the BDO of Umling C&RD Block to confirm the ownership of the land in Maikhuli.
In a statement sent to the media under Section 144 CrPC, it is prohibited to write on walls, posters or any other writing for the purpose of strengthening the candidate only from the party. It is also prohibited to raise flags in any government offices or places under the jurisdiction of the government.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) led by its President Bah Roykupar Synrem, on Friday, 23rd July 2024, suddenly raided and destroyed the illegal residence of power in the Lum Survey.
Shillong, Jymmang 14 : Even after 16 years of waiting, the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme (GSWSS) phase-III has been stalled in the country. an.
“The office of the DSEO should take action against such a school.
The results will be announced on the same day.
Jowai, July 30: The 26th Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij 12 Daloi Tournament has come to an end on 29/01/2023 at Wapung Shnong Raij Tuber. There were many people from Hynniewtrep who came to take part in this tournament.
“At the same time, Bah Metbah also spoke about the emergence of other national parties which have temporarily disappeared.
The state football team has won the Junior Boys' National Football Championship for the DrBC Roy Trophy 2023-24, after beating Jammu & Kashmir by Bhubaneswar, Odisha 4-0
“I don't think the DCA has already announced the date of the elections but if so it means that the Model Code of Conduct has come into force and we cannot complete all the remaining development works,” said CEM Shillong. UDP leaders including former Mawphlang MLA Eugene Son Lyngdoh, Beyond Kurbah, Mookaiaw MLA Nujorki Sungoh and others visited Tyrsad to campaign for the Regional MP candidate. Democratic Alliance RDA u Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin.
The Shella area on the Bangladesh border is one of the areas in Rilum Khasi which is prominent in terms of natural resources especially the presence of mineral resources such as coal and others.
Oh, agriculture is in dire straits now, if the society doesn't surprise people and if the government doesn't take special action in this regard.
This came after the Union of San Dorbar Shnongs of Mawlai, lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner on 12th June, informing about the movement of trucks carrying over the border from Umrynjah Bridge in the evening.
At present, the Kingdom of Israel has an area of ​​less than 20,000 square kilometers, smaller than Meghalaya.
In the Compound Bow Division (Male) Phermiki Salahe, Andy Franklin Basaiamoit, Ritesh Rai and L Prasad Singh.
It is not right to combine these two issues,” he added.
In the first two months of 2016, 14 women, 12 women and 2 children were raped.
The group was led by the President of the All Meghalaya SSA School Teachers Association (AMSSASTA), Bah L.Marngar.
In the 3rd Division, Wahlyngkien Ramklang SC reached the semi-finals by beating Rangkynsai FC 1-0 to 12 minutes.
Nongpoh: Expressing deep sorrow over what happened in Iongkhuli village, Umtyrnga area and Raid Marwet village in Ri Bhoi district, the village has been destroyed by the government authorities. Assam, on the other hand, the HANM leaders have made it clear that if the state government does not take action to resolve the border issue with Assam, the HANM will rise up against the Meghalaya government. to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the state.
On this occasion, Bah Metbah also invited the people who witnessed this program to learn from the lessons of the life of Tirot Sing Syiem who fought against the government. to preserve the culture and unique snap of the Khasi Hills.
Thinking about good things not only benefits the body but also the health of the body and soul.
Because of this, the hills of Kseh are often unable to harvest rainwater even if there is no water conservation.
The ceremony, known as the “ghar wapsi”, was conducted by the VHP branch, which is located in the area, and the ceremony was held at Kanichanallor.
If they are laid down, they can become like a mountain and in the end, they cannot be fulfilled.
“I have had the opportunity to work with him and we have known him, he is one of the leaders of the national party who wants to have confidence in the government and once he has agreed, he doesn't give up”.
The women who believed this, received the cylinder and were shocked to see the high price of more than T.1,000 and it was not easy for the poor to pay. "I'm sorry," said Kumaraswamy.
HK Singh has played only twice in the first leg, winning 3-0 against Sainik School and 1-0 against Maharashtra as many schools including Sainik have failed medical. examination after the players were selected and excluded from the tournament.
Thus, it is possible to understand the dangers and effects of this clean alcoholic beverage in the manufacture of these foods or beverages.
Also present on the occasion will be Bah Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah as Chief Guest and Rakkam A Sangma, Minister of Education as Symbud Chief Guest.
As they have been shouting from time to time, it is understood that the principle on which all the political parties have stood is that they love the nation and the primary service to the people which they have set a goal should be to provide a the most important protection for the nation from evil.
Does Reliance Company have a service or a robber? If other companies hadn't come soon, I think many of our people would have been robbed by this company.
Nongpoh: Two persons riding a motorcycle (ML-05-L-0394) were seriously injured in an accident in Bhoirymbong this evening. The vehicle collided with an empty truck (AS-01-MC-9080) which was heading towards Jowai.
Therefore, they are requested to collect the form and submit the form along with the required documents including EPIC Card, Bank Account Details, Affidavit of acceptance and compliance with the rules and regulations. The Comprehensive Plan and Scheme for Spot Auction prepared in collaboration with the State Government and Coal India Ltd.
The rescue center will be able to accommodate about 50 animals and will have vehicles to help animals that do not live on the streets.
On the support of the UDP for Bah HS Shylla in the District Council when Bah Shylla was CEM and Bah HL Massar stood alone, there was no such incident when Bah Massar was alone. said Mr. Bindo.
Therefore, regarding the unfounded statement by the HYC Ri Bhoi leaders against Bah Marcus Marten, that he is against the ILP and support CAA, the HYC Ri Bhoi demands that the “It's a good idea to explain to the public and also to apologize immediately to the HNYF leader,” he added.
For those who have advanced (chronic) conditions and need access to more efficient and thorough care, but have lost access to healthcare facilities due to the onslaught of to pray that God will have mercy on them to heal and strengthen them at such a time.
At first glance, it is as if the right hand does not know what the left hand is doing.
Police have urged the youths to be disciplined and not to perform stunts or drive fast not only to put their own lives at risk but also to those who walk and stand. He also requested the public to inform the police by calling 112 if they see such incidents.
“Similarly, Sarpanchs and Deputy Sarpanches will now receive 5,000 and 2,500 tyngka per month from 2,500 and 1,200 tyngka per month,” said the ACS. don in the state.
In the guitar competition, Phibanraiphang Kharkongor of Shillong College and Thunopalu Lohe of St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Mebarilang Khonglam won the first prize.
Riyoo Pulang and Kiton Samati, members of the village court, condemned the dolloi for not inviting him as chairman of the village court even after the council had ordered him to resolve the land dispute.
However, Portugal's time was short, so by the end of the game they were able to score the first goal and win.
His dream is to grow it and take it to his village.
This decision was taken at a meeting of the MLAs held at the Secretariat.
“Taking the journey as a pleasant one, Kong Ampareen said, “I have worked hard and taken care from the bottom of my heart, I have dedicated my body and soul and I have given my best in the journey to everyone. There are 36 constituencies.
“On behalf of us teachers, students and parents, we express our deep sorrow and grief and great loss not only for the school but for the future of the children of this school. It's your school," said Babu.
Nongpoh, July 03: It is a great blessing to the residents of Sohkhwai and surrounding villages today, on behalf of the MLA of Nongpoh Constituency, Bah Mayralborn Syiem. The new and complete school building of the Sohkhwai Government LP School in Sohkhwai village has been constructed at a cost of 37 lakh tyngka through the Education Department of the State Government.
According to the Chairperson, the number of complaints received is very low in the state and not even 50 complaints are received in 10 months.
On receiving information about the overturning of these trucks, the Nongpoh Police Station, rushed to the scene to provide assistance to the injured. One of them died while another seriously injured person was taken to Shillong and died of severe head injuries.
Thank you very much for this news and it has helped us a lot in this age when it is time to bring about change in this new way to provide better services especially to avoid damage to the environment. which cuts down the trees, the siej to produce on the pages of the book.
The suspect was identified as Anil Kumar, 29, of Grampipripura, Itwana district, UP and was taken to NEIGRIMS Hospital Shillong while Omirsingh Yadav, 26, of Grampipripura, Menpuri, UP was taken to NEIGRIMS Hospital. the driver sustained minor injuries.
According to the Fire and Emergency Service, South West Khasi Hills District, the incident happened at 6:30 pm on Tuesday evening. the houses were destroyed.
He said that the founder and president of Bodo Sahitya Sabha, Joy Bhadra Hagzer and General Secretary Sonaram Thosen have worked hard to get the Bodo language recognized.
This meeting will help not only to sell but also to find new methods of cultivation of soh and to increase the profit.
Speaking to reporters, Sohra MDC Donevan Kharwanlang said that since the ban on coal and mining, the income in the Sohra area has declined sharply. They have to send their children to Shillong or abroad and thus they have to send their children to the nearest college.
Remember that after the election, if the candidate doesn't reach the target, you have to leave because in this age you can't fight because the voting is done by machines and at the polling station. There is also a CCTV camera. Therefore, the public should not be misled by some people who take advantage of their own interests and should not be misled by false stories.
He said that he is a football player and has played at this stadium and said that this stadium is one of the best in the state and deserves a gallery.
As soon as she sat down, she gave birth.
The prize money on the 12th will be 30,000 tyngka for the winners and 10,000 tyngka for the runners up. The entrance fee on this day will be 1000 tyngka.
“There are those who have spread and claimed that they have not received the BJP ticket from the 17 North Shillong constituency, but this is not true because the ticket has been prepared by the Election Committee of the BJP. “It's very difficult to avoid stealing questions during the examination,” said the BJP leaders while speaking at the meeting.
“If we are only low paid like in Tripura it would be a little different, but as the chairman or as the leaders of the party, we are afraid that these foreigners are high paid in our country. “If they do like the Meitei in Manipur, they will demand their rights and there will be war and bloodshed,” said Bah Kharbani.
The Adviser of the Youth Congress from Syngku and his team have left the Congress party and supported Bah James. you're at the party.
He said that the ceremony was held on Saturday to condole the deaths of the four victims of Mukroh village after receiving complaints from many of the school children. They are still in the middle of their end of year examinations and that there are also students who are studying and working abroad.
“Most of the cases of misuse are Catholics, we see that they started this 3 or 4 years ago, we don't agree with their behavior,” he said. and that the Christians who have accepted foreign religions should no longer wear the traditional dress, musical instruments or the dances of the Khasi.
We will see what will happen in the coming days, as the elections may be held in October this year, but in general, one thing is that it does not need an MLA. The incumbent, who wants a seat in the Rajya Sabha, because it makes the people, who elected him, have to vote again and then doesn't need a person who is skilled in the State Government, that he should be trained in politics in Delhi; However, if the wind from Delhi is that he can become a minister in the central government, then only he and Conrad Sangma know and decide between the agreement. with BJP leaders in Delhi.
“While the preparations for peace talks are ongoing, the HNLC should stop all illegal activities,” he said.
Yooshida Nongspung in his speech said that Namdong B is the first village in the area to have a Dorbar Shnong office.
Next month he will come with his team to test the soil and to assess whether the construction of the bridge has affected the dam, said Prestone.
This is surprising.
This law comes into force from today.
“Whoever is closest to the people is the person whom the people will elect.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: Law students have vowed to protest against the NEHU for not listening to their demands. university that 15 days.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has issued an order that all shopkeepers, market vendors, market vendors and vehicle drivers must get injected before going to school. They have resumed their activities and after the issuance of this order, the people have come forward to protest against this order of the Government in which they said that the Government has acted by force. without giving the public the freedom to choose whether or not to receive the vaccine without any coercion.
However, the union was shocked to learn that the uranium mining vehicles were at Mawthabah, Jynrin and the AMD employees were at Wahkaji.
“Recently we did the same in Delhi when we took the farmers to New Delhi and at this festival it showcased our sohtrun.
Shillong, June 28: A day before the public meeting to be held at Saitsohpen Square, Sohra, which will be held at Saitsohpen Square, Sohra, which will be held by the political parties, youth organizations, chiefs, leaders, and the people of Shella and Sohra area to oppose the call for voter registration. The SDO (Civil) of Sohra Ganshyam Das has convened a meeting with the Chief Executive Members of Sohra and Shella today at Sohra Civil Sub-Division.
The Supreme Court has ordered the SBI to provide the Election Commission of India (ECI) with detailed records of all electoral bonds issued and received by the ECI. The scheme has been implemented since the 2019 decision.
That is why Jesus said.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawkyrwat Circle today honored two talented football players who have led the state in the Meghalaya Football Team which has reached the 2013 FIFA World Cup. The 76th Hero Santosh Trophy 2023 was held in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia last month.
He said that one of the residents of the village, who was injured, in the collision with the bus, because he was walking along the road, because the footpaths, were sold by the vendors and then, that The wicked people demanded that they should have the same right to walk and stand in the streets.
When the injured were taken to hospitals in Guwahati, they found that the driver of the bus had died. The injured were seriously injured, but the two youths, who sustained the injuries in the accident, are still undergoing treatment.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, the Chief Guest said that to enrich the rural areas, we need the support of small scale industries in all aspects as this will help the rural people to earn a living from industrial activities. small.
Rathore was the top scorer in the tournament with 202 runs.
Sell ​​the shop to the Little Flower School.
Furthermore, the Governor said that the North Eastern Region, which also has a strong culture and intelligent people, is witnessing more and more development from the development projects in the construction industry, and the connectivity that has been achieved. The Government has opened up the opportunities in this area.
Nongpoh, July 30: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) together with the officials of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today conducted a visit to the Killing area of ​​Ri Bhoi District. to inspect some of the quarries in the area.
“The people who live in this area who are employees of the government department will be relocated to the area where the government has provided them, not as they have said that the government will forcibly remove them. “The state government has the necessary documents and the people living in this area should follow the rules,” he said. The employees of government departments who live in this area will have to move to the area which the government has already provided for them.
The AJTA also expressed its surprise at the issuance of Incidental Challans of lakhs of tonnes. In fact, when the land is constructed, only a few tonnes are issued. Your Challan is for lakhs of tons.
Two of them died on the spot while another died before being taken to Civil Hospital Shillong.
US Secretary of State John Kerry says Washington will not tolerate foreign interference in the conflict in Yemen, which Iran is supporting. the Shiite Houthi rebels, who are fighting in the country.
Navneet Sah was the only player to score 34 runs but SCA-B lost all wickets for 53 runs.
Regarding the election, the BJP will contest alone, there will be no pre poll alliance and regarding the post poll alliance, we will see what the demands are if we work together with other parties. Seng or other parties will come to work with the BJP but we hope to rule alone in
The Chairman of the Town Vending Committee, who is also the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB), said that the scheme is to protect the vendors and to recognize the industry. street vendors by providing a more spacious area so that the market vendors can sell their products.
There are 350 recoveries from the patients.
Ronaldo has joined Juventus as the 30-year-old's highest paid player in Italy.
After the closure of the churches, the churches sought ways; Hi? to feed the believers in their homes.
Now there is only the Hat Shella, which the union said will disappear if the roads are not opened to revive it.
It is a great loss to the nation and his removal of Lumshyllong is because he did not take it as a full time job, but only as a temporary job, especially after he was released. Speaking on politics, Bah BM Lanong said that he has won seven terms as MDC and twice as MDC and has served the people for about 40 years.
Nongstoiñ, November 15 : The office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday held a meeting to explain to the residents the various schemes that the Central Government has allocated for the residents. On November 15, 2013, the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra was held with the participation of all government departments.
Manvir scored the third goal with the assist of Lallianzuala Chhangte to give India three points.
To strengthen the agreement and understanding on the 15th of this month, NEIPF under the leadership of Marshall Biam Chairman, B.Ronglong Joint Secretary and members visited the village. Bongaikhal to hold a meeting between the Pnar and Hmar peoples.
Where are those who sat in court or fought with him?
He said that any political party which does not wish to send the report on the financial statements has to inform the EC in writing.
“Who among our locals uses and owns those 12 tire trucks? Many of us have only those trucks as we have seen them running,” said Bah Passih. The Ministry of Mineral Resources' permit is only for the purpose of depriving the state owners of their income.
Speaking after the meeting, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma said the Meghalaya Building Byelaw has been approved to be amended according to the rules laid down by the Government of India to facilitate the implementation of the scheme.
In a statement, KYRSIEW said that the CHC, Mawsynram is not only the CHC of Mawsynram but the CHC of the entire area under the jurisdiction of this CHC. The Village Authority of Mawsynram Village as well as the residents of Mawsynram Village and especially the people of the area as a whole should not be misled at all by the actions of some people who are spreading rumors about the village. other.
“I would like to give a strong message to the foreign traders that they should not expect to continue their trading within the Council boundary without a Trading Licence.
Therefore, they also urged the students to choose the education they want so that they can reach their goals in life.
Shillong, November 22: The State Health Department has decided to increase the Fixed Incentive of ASHA workers from T.2000 to T.3000 under the new Community Based Scheme. This decision was taken at a meeting chaired by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, in the presence of the Chief Health Officer of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. on Tuesday with the leaders of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers' Union (ASHA) at the Main Secretariat, Shillong.
School, MLP School, Garce Care Academy, Christ Church Day, Mawlai Pres.
Nongpoh: The District Tuberculosis Officer, Nongpoh, today held a special program at the Science Hall Nongpoh to mark the World Tuberculosis Day. , have been able to discuss or explain to the public on the objective of eradicating TB, not only in the state but in the country as a whole.
Shillong: The Vishva Hindu Parishad (VHP) on Tuesday wrote to the President of the country, Droupadi Murmu to condemn the incident in Ichamati in which two people were killed.
The meaning of Christmas will no longer exist unless the Prime Minister fulfills his duty because the Finance Department falls under his jurisdiction and everything depends on his responsibility,” said the BJP Vice President. He said that the Central Government has already released the money but the money allocated to pay the contractors is still pending.
All these issues will become lame excuses in the name of the coronavirus as the head, the bail and the bearer of all the sins.
However, those who receive daily wages are only from Class I to Class VIII and this has been done according to the government's directive.
He suggested the creation of a special authority to oversee the planning and development of the New Shillong.
Speaking as the chief guest, Dr Helen Giri congratulated the circle for organizing this programme, but expressed her regret that foreigners have been able to enter the circle and work in the circle. She encouraged the youth of the country to be diligent in their studies so that we can hold high positions whether in the state or central government offices.
After being expelled, he formed the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) along with Sharad Pawar and Tariq Anwar.
They also said that after giving them two or three times to drink, they had a desire, but these friends did not give them anything else and they had to pay money.
Besides the loss of agriculture, the residents of this area, said that they have other fears and that is that they will be evicted from the area.
The Chief Minister on Monday congratulated the Meghalaya Police for conducting anti-drug campaigns to the public to avoid and avoid the drug addiction.
The SP of West Jaintia Hills has urged the family members of the body to come forward and bring the necessary documents to prove that they are the relatives of the body within 10 days otherwise they will not find the body. by order of the court.
However, in calling each other, they call brothers and sisters according to age and not as counting in work.
In a statement, the UDP said that the government's decision is clearly a self-government as it was announced without consultation or discussion with anyone on this issue.
The Comptroller Accountant General (CAG) has now exposed the misuse of public funds at the Meghalaya Assembly Secretariat which amounted to billions of rupees. The Jowai PHE 1984 (Rs.10 crore swindled in Jowai PHE racket), which was followed by the Forest Lottery, Health, MTDC, Crow Borough and The ACB (MLP) has investigated on the orders of the State Vigilance Commissioner SVC of the State Government, but the subsequent Governments have ignored the reports and dropped the cases. criticism in the case is too old because they are not willing.
Furthermore, the prizes were awarded to the winners by the chief guest along with the teachers.
When inquired by Mawphor, the Congress leaders in the state said that the MPCC leaders have collected information at Mawkynrew in order to get enough people from the area for the Mawkynrew constituency is one of the constituencies where the people love and appreciate the Congress.
In the last meeting between CEM Albinush Marak and the EC together with the Union of Employees led by Brithen M Sangma, they were informed about the problems and difficulties faced by the employees in getting money to manage their household and pay school fees for their children.
He said that the Returning Officer of 32-Nongstoin will send notices to the party leaders involved in the violation of the Model Code of Conduct. If you violate the decision of the Election Commission of India, the Commission will take the necessary action.
Samla Daniel Damlong expressed his happiness over the victory in this tournament which is one of the biggest tournaments in the country although he started training since 2017 at the Ground and Pound MMA Gym and through this victory he will are preparing for other bigger and more difficult fights.
A photograph of the fighter jet was taken in Daraa province, where it was shot down by Free Syrian Army troops.
Pradip Kurbah and Albert Mawrie have been invited to star in their film “Iewduh”.
Nongpoh, March 30 : Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) from Ri-Bhoi District today announced that they have resigned from the HITO, on the grounds that the President The HITO Sengkmie has removed the leading leaders of HITO from the Group of the party who have served for a long time without knowing the reason for this removal from the Group of the party.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, on Tuesday praised the vision of Dr. H Gordon Robert Hospital for its vision to build and expand the hospital for the needs of the years. kiban will come.
Ray and Arvind Kumar from Assam, who were driving a Swift Dezire registration No AS04-J-0171, were arrested on NH0-06 in Kongong. The vehicle and the suspects were seized at about 2:30 pm.
Meanwhile, Mawiong Umjapung Youth Association, Tariang A, received the assistance for the organization of the fishing competition handed over to Bah DB Shangpkiang.
“The evasion of taxes has caused a lot of losses to the Government and the state has suffered in income since the ban on the mining and transportation of coal by the National Green Tribunal (NGT,” he said. more and more of Mr. Pasi.
Justin Sohphoh, 54, of Akonggre, Tura, has gone missing from his home on the 16th of this month in a private vehicle No MLO5 Y The family said that Bah Sohphoh had left his house with the intention of filling up the petrol pump but since then he has not returned.
In a statement, the Minister of Revenue and Disaster Management, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, said that besides the loss of lives, there has also been a huge damage to roads, houses, livestock and especially crops across the state.
In the first match today (21-06-2023), Kick Start Academy will play against Laei Smit SC at 2:30 pm and Synroplang 77 will play against Maw U Tieng SC at 2:30 pm. with the second game at 4:15 p.m.
Finally, in Taekwondo, South Bengal came first and Tripura came second.
This has caused the people especially the farmers to carry and leave their produce to deliver to the villages and markets.
Jorpul village in Baridua area has become one of the most prominent villages due to the presence of various universities, including USTM and RIST. , The residents of the village, said that they have already informed the MeECL officials, but the answer from them is that there is no equipment to repair the transformer, because all the necessary equipment is available. in Shillong and have not yet reached that village.
YOU WILL END UP IN MAKING WRONG DECISIONS:- Don't punish your children because of their lack of intelligence.
He said they have received information that the government will not be able to pay even until now, for that reason they will continue the strike.
His teaching to ensure peace among the different ethnic groups and to preserve the dignity of the Bodo ethnic groups will be appropriate.
Allegedly, the MLA has taken over the schemes that should be delivered to the people, the Seng Samla said that it will seek advice from the legal experts whether this can be done. and if it cannot be done, they will complain and seek information to follow the rules of law.
From the Jaintia Union to the Jaintia Dorbar and from the Jaintia Dorbar to the Jaintia National Union (JNU) and it became the Sengbhalang to the Political Party under the leadership of H.B.Dan, G.D.Pde and others.
When asked, Bah Paul said, “The issue is that there are requests from all and outside visits of various officers which have to be approved by the Chief Minister.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84150 out of which 82412 have recovered and 1467 have died.
Neralyn Passah, wife of Ma Jopthiaw Pariat, resident of Lumkshaid, Lower Mawprem, Shillong has passed away on 2 January
Referring to the accident, a local taxi number ML-10B-9064, which was leaving Nongpoh with the intention of going to Umden, was hit by a truck. When a local taxi carrying three passengers overturned into Pynthor, a Longkmie was seriously injured while the others were seriously injured. level.
Who doesn't think about those poor women who have to take a commercial vehicle to get to PHC or CHC? I don't want to take the child because the mother is sick.
The Zonal Magistrate, the FST/SST team and the Assistant Commissioner rushed to the scene with the assistance of the Police.
He said that the Council will also increase the land rent price and it needs to be renewed from what has been fixed in the past three and forty years.
Robert June Kharjahrin September 22, 2019 On our part as the Sengbhalang we have done our part and we have taken the initiative to wake up, to advise and to cooperate with the political leaders on how to protect the nation and The state has been subjected to foreign states and foreign authorities.
The Taiwanese Defense Ministry has sent its aircraft and warships to inspect the situation in the area on that day and has also prepared 'Shore- based Missile Systems' without delay because of the serious threat to the country if Russia intends to attack it after Ukraine.
Indian junior Rupin won the silver medal in the men's 55kg category in the Greco Roman category.
This was done after the two states agreed to resolve the seven disputed areas out of the 12 that have already been marked.
“There is a slight delay due to the slight delay but the construction supervisor has confirmed that within 36 months as agreed, all the works will be completed,” said Bah Metbah.
The Minister has personally found the shortcomings of the hospital and has also met with the nurses, doctors and the DMHO and promised to improve the hospital and provide services for the benefit of the people of the area, they said. On the other hand, the JSU said that it will continue to follow up on this promise of the Minister for the benefit of the people who have lost their rights for many years.
He said the minister has scheduled a meeting on the 10th of this month where various farmer groups will be present to discuss the issues of the farmers.
It will be of help to MeECL and the public at the same time if there is proper action on this issue.
The film is also a lesson for the society by touching the animal, to think deeply and to be concerned about the human condition.
On the other hand, Will Star Sun as President has warned the company that brings in the workers to take responsibility to provide the documents of the workers especially the labor license, and also to think about providing employment. to the people of this area.
“We have demanded the appointment of a CBI inquiry into the illegal mining of coal but the government has appointed an Independent Inquiry and this too is in the dark. “It's an investigation,” said Process.
New Delhi, July 17: Heavy rains have killed at least 50 people in Yamuna floods and landslides in parts of Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh and Haryana. same.
And now the situation in this area is getting worse and worse. I don't know what will happen to our people.
Meghalaya will play its first match against Assam on the 17th, Jammu & Kashmir on the 19th, Nagaland on the 21st, Delhi on the 23rd and Karnataka on the 25th.
About 20 metric tonnes of Khasi Mandarin soybeans have been shipped to Dubai, one of the largest cities in the Middle East in the United Arab Emirates.
Therefore, as it is the season of Soh Trun, these smaller ones are sold at a lower price.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Manager of Lumshnong Toll Gate, Hassan Malik, JSM Leader Jimmy Kharmuti said that the NHAI should not cut or reduce the salaries of the employees but should provide them with the necessary salaries. He said that although the tax collection center has been closed, there is a law on this that the salaries of the employees should not be reduced.
On the water scheme, he said that the water scheme in Sohra costs T.25 crore and will provide drinking water to all the residents of the area.
Therefore, the union urges the district authorities, the MLA of 5-Sutnga Saipung constituency, Santa Mary Shylla and especially the state government, to take action on this issue. Especially during this time of heavy rainfall, when the sick people die when they get sick, due to the lack of vehicles to go to the market, due to the poor condition of the road from Huroi to Sonapur.
“I think the police are also doing the right thing because they see that there is no traffic jam and they will arrest on what basis.
On the same day, the foundation stone of the 16th Children's Tournament was also unveiled at Mukhap.
She said that the parts of the school that are free from the building include the Lower Primary, Higher Secondary, Morning Section and the Hostel.
V.THE THREAT TO THE NATION:Many problems and dangers will arise in the nation through marriage as I mentioned earlier that our nation is owned/and not owned by women.
Conrad urged the people to support him, who are the candidates from Serlui and Kolasib constituencies.
After receiving information about the disappearance of the child, one of the employees of the road construction company BSC & JV Kynshi, Lavakush, was abducted. Kumar is from Allahabad district of Uttar Pradesh.
Pala admitted that the Congress has tried its best to reduce terrorism by bringing peace.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sadon said, “This is because we are still waiting for the door to open before we can move forward with our political agenda. which cannot be completed in a day or two.
Matthew 24:21.
The two organizations also met with the SP of West Khasi Hills, Bah GD Kharwanlang regarding this issue and said that the cause of the huri hura in these border areas is due to food shortages. ar maloi of some of the robbers in the area who have been involved in these incidents from time to time in the border areas.
Jonathone was reportedly returning from campaigning in Sobogre and Nabokre when militants planted bombs and exploded on his way.
The Fast Food Cooking Training at the JSTC in Madankynsaw-Mowkyndeng village came to an end on Thursday.
He said that the ban on coal mining in the state has left more than 5 lakh people unemployed and many are now unemployed.
The term of office of the Sordar is three years and the Syiem has handed over the certificate to the new Sordar of Raid Mawlam.
Next month there will also be a celebration for the UK citizens after they have received a new king where there will also be a welcoming dinner with many heads of state. the world will be able to participate in this.
Bah Shlur said that he was banned from going to school because his mother died when he was five years old in 2003 and after the death of his mother, he went to work as a cowboy with his wife.
Shillong, Jymmang : The MLA of Mawlai Umjaiur, Bah PT Sawkmie, has received a dewbilat toilet from the residents of Mawlai Umjaiur. who went to open it today.
Meanwhile, former Manipur Chief Minister Radhabinod Koijam described Purno A Sangma's thinking as thoughtful and progressive.
For the Regency he was sent to the Blessed Joseph Nardini Seminary.
“I like to be in the same school with my fellow Khasi,” said the young woman.
One can say that the State has trained doctors in the treatment of tuberculosis, but how many other Governments have been able to provide equipment, methods and treatment facilities? good ones in these fifty years? Furthermore, to what extent has the State Government been able to provide financial support, encouragement to patients and their families? In this age, health care is expensive.
In the past, when there was an emergency such as illness or to go to the market, the people living in this area, often had to rely on Assam, to It is closer and easier to travel, because if they drive to the hospitals in Meghalaya, it is easier to reach, because the road is too bad.
These projects include the new indoor stadium and renovation of the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium at Polo, the PA Sangma Sports Complex and the Track & Field Stadium at Tura, the Football Stadium at Wahiajer, the Ampati Stadium, South West Garo Hills and Adokgre Stadium in North Garo Hills.
However, although the state has bought crores of rupees from abroad, the consumption of meat by the people is still low according to the estimates, said Bah Tyngkan.
Many people from all over the state, and even foreigners, have taken part in this Garo dance.
Speech was also delivered by Bah DB Shangpliang and also by the residents of this village, who expressed their gratitude to the MLA. He also distributed school fees to two poor students, Pynshngaiñ Shianglong and Donbok Shylla so that they can continue their studies.
Lapang said the Congress leaders cannot promise tickets to anyone.
When I realized that Riia would come right away.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Friday held a meeting with the officers of the Ministry of Rural Development (MoRD) to review and monitor the implementation of various schemes of the Ministry in the State.
On the other hand, the Dolloi said that he has received a letter from the District Council on 21-08-2022 directing him to hold the Dorbar Shnong but Daniel Khongsit (Wahehshnong) has asked for two hours. -month to hold a Dorbar until April 2022 in order to provide the accounts of the village before the Dorbar.
The people who live in this village are Khasi, who speak Khasi, who follow the customs and traditions of Khasi, they are the same flesh and blood of us Hynniewtrep, if we look at the politics. They are still voting for Meghalaya, if we count on the border issue, we are still in talks with the Assam government.
In North Garo Hills, there is only one high risk contact.
It was constructed at a cost of T.86.85 lakh, for the purpose of supplying water to 65 households, two churches and an Aganwadi Centre, in the village.
Besides, they also spoke about the need to reflect on how parents speak words of encouragement to their children.
Meghalaya is in Group B with Sikkim, Assam and Mizoram.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today met Home Minister Amit Shah to urge him to listen to the voice of the people on the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB).
On this occasion, Dr.DD Lapang through the current authorities gave a speech on the progress of Ri Bhoi since it became a full district on the 4th of this month. July, 1992 when he was one of the leaders who took part in the establishment of this full District in Ri Bhoi.
There have been 714 deaths in the past 24 hours, mostly from Maharashtra. The death toll in the state has risen to 481 and 279 to be revised. .
Shillong, Jymmang 8: A few days ago, a heated argument broke out between the two parties at Shilliang Dongi village, under the jurisdiction of Lyngdoh Sohiong.
Lakmen said that for the syllabus for this year, the Ministry of Education will publish the syllabus on its website and the MBOSE will send it to the schools for the chapters. Regarding the conduct of selection examinations and various examinations, he said that until the start of schools, no Selection examinations or any other examinations and when schools are resumed, it will be possible to decide how to conduct examinations, how to promote students and how to decide which students sit in class IX above and that will be discussed later.
Lanosha, on the other hand, went straight to her house dress and supported herself.
“As I mentioned, it is an issue that cannot be affected and we cannot just say that we can do this or that but we need to have responsibility and we are here for the benefit of the people in the country. state".
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, Arpit Upadhayay has also enacted Section 144 CRPC to ban heavy vehicles and only those under 30 metric weight. tons were allowed to leave the Dwarksuid Temple.
When asked how many cows arrive at the market every month, Bah Nongrum said that about 1400 cows arrive at the market. When they open the market, the buyers sell about 1200 pieces a month,” he said.
On the other hand, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that through this programme, up to 20,000 youths will receive various benefits by the end of October
“We will leave it to the discretion of the Prime Minister to handle these matters but the NPP will submit a petition to the Prime Minister to demand the upgradation of Dadenggre Sub Division to a District,” he said. he added.
Police said Shintu Jana has been arrested for investigation into the murder of his wife Lakshmipriya Jana, 25, on Tuesday night.
He urged the people to stop eating such foods which are harmful to the health of the body.
“The statement of the party is clear that we will not rest and for the peace of the country we will fight,” said Lester Nongbet, Publicity Secretary, North Khasi Hills District Unit.
Shillong, July 20: The Executive Member in charge of Fisheries Department of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Albinus Lyngdoh, has not been able to take over as EM Incharge of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). of the KHADC Legislative Assembly which started today.
The first match was played between Dong Mawlein SC and MNU Driver SC in the second leg of the tournament. 11 Brother won by beating Maitshaphrang by 5 goals to
The abolition of Article 370 in the state has caused strong opposition from the people of the state and many parts of India.
This comes after they won the pre quarter final against Royalpole Mihmyntdu and Iong I Dahi on Thursday at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
On the same day, HANM Jaintia Zone, has also sent a petition to the President of Meghalaya Cement Ltd Thangskai demanding the immediate dismissal of these employees. in order to maintain peace and order in the area and the district as a whole.
It is alleged that the wine store has been set up without the permission of the village authority.
Therefore, as a leader of the people, when he speaks, he should know well and not just blame if he does not know all the facts.
Ailad beit can fight.
Ardent expressed his surprise at the statement of Adelbert and said that it is unfounded.
Babar replied that the poor cannot afford to live on T.28 or T.32 per day.
Therefore, I believe and request as citizens who have understood and understood that you will not violate your rights and the illegal money of the fraudsters only during the election period, uphold your rights and do not allow yourself to become The products of the traders in this 2023 election.
When Jesus came to this world the Jews (Israel) rejected Him.
Samla Lambok also urged all the members of the jaidbynriew to be loving to the jaidbynriew in whatever fields they work.
LA KUT.Next month, U Rupang will publish another interesting story entitled 'LANO PAT'
Leaders of the Khasi Jaintia and Garo Youth Federation (KYF) and the Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation (RIF) today gathered at Khyndailad, where they raised flags as a sign of protest.
In Matthew 11:29 Jesus says, Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart... In Mark 10:44 he says, Who and whosoever of you will be the chiefest, shall be servant of all.
Other districts are East Khasi Hills with 12 districts, West Khasi Hills with 9 districts, East Garo Hills with 11 districts and West Garo Hills with 21 districts.
Standby Me said that the distribution of food items by Ramakrishna has brought benefits to the poor families especially during this time of lockdown to fight against COVID-1
However, the High Court noted that the trial on illegal mining started in October 2022, and on illegal coal trade, the court started issuing orders from June
Thunderstorms with speeds of 30 to 40 kilometers per hour are expected tomorrow and heavy rainfall is expected in parts of the state.
The counting of votes for the Lok Sabha Election 2024 is ongoing on Tuesday.
On the second day of Behdieñkhlam, the Dolloi of Jowai District, Ma Puramon Kynjing, conducted the Knia Aitnar at 5 pm. They brought the sticks from the forest until the Aitnar sacrifice could be performed.
Speaking to reporters, Momin said that the people living on the border of Resubelpara, Kharkutta and Mendipathar in North Garo Hills have faced many problems regarding the pincode.
The situation in this world which has been severely affected by the Corona virus or Covid-19 will completely change the mind set of the voters and will affect the political world. in Meghalaya in the MLA elections to be held in
This happened at about 1:00 pm.
Shillong: The Federation of All School Teachers (FASTOM) today staged another protest in front of the Secretariat against the government's refusal to listen to their demands.
May God bless you who read this message and open your eyes.
Samuel Lalmuanpuia won the Hero of the Match award.
Your weight is low.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, in his reply, explained what happened and the summons of the Nongpoh Thanat Police Station to those who made the false news.
Speaking on the occasion, UDP leaders Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, Bah Bindo Lanong and Government Ministers expressed their gratitude to Bah Balajied Ranee MDC for joining the party. This shows that the Congress party has no power in the state and this is also the hope that the UDP party will revive in the state and without fail even form a government in
He said that many youths have taken part in this tournament but because they have joined organizations not recognized by the IBBF, it has made them unable to take part in the competitions.
Jowai, July 24: The JHADC today distributed certificates to 108 Rangbah Shnongs at a meeting held at the District Library Auditorium, Mynthong, Jowai.
However, the Principal of the school suddenly demanded that they should pay their fees because the state government has ordered all the schools to amend the Act from 8th August. In July 2013, the STs who are exempt from paying school fees are only those who have BPL Card.
The meeting was conducted by the Incharge of Jaintia Hills Unit Rockesstar Warjri, members and leaders of HYC Jaintia and others. President HYC Jaintia Hills District Unit Donbok Kharlyngdoh and welcome speeches from Isac Basawiawmoit and Banjop Kharnaior. they are as follows:-
The Ranikor Beach Festival is also part of the celebration of Meghalaya Day to mark the 52nd anniversary of the independence of Meghalaya.
He said he would invite the officers of the PWD department to inspect the site in a few days and to create the necessary arrangements for this purpose.
According to sources, there have been talks between the BJP leaders and Bah Antonio in recent days since he left the Congress party but they have not yet reached a decision. clean the field.
Jaiswal said that although the BJP has been involved in the coalition government in Nagaland, corruption is still rampant and this has caused a lot of criticism from the people. for the state of Nagaland.
Zenith Sangma said that according to para 12 of the soskular between MeECL and NTPC, MeECL can withdraw from the agreement if it does not want to take electricity from NTPC. MeECL can only pay the fixcharge and there is no fact that MeECL will have to pay for up to 25 years.
Speaking on the occasion, Titos said that the statement of Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, President of the Voice of the People's Party (VPP) and Nongkrem MLA is a personal accusation. It is a salonsar for all, not just for Bah Ardent.
The same truck, which had been stopped at Umtyrnga, was stopped again when it reached 7mer and when the slips were shown, they did not charge again, said a statement from Augustine Shanpru. , President of Meghalaya Commercial Truck Owners and Operators Association.
Star Cement has set a target of producing 2.507 million tonnes of coal per annum from its Brishyrnot plant.
Again, darkness is treated as a symbol of Sin as we find it referred to in the New Testament.
On the other hand, the union strongly condemns this because if it happens, who will be responsible?
She said that she will study the matter thoroughly and find ways to resolve as soon as possible the problem faced by the synsar farmers. Former Mawsynram, Bah HM Shangpliang admitted that the price of sysnar has dropped from 130 to 90 tyngka per kilo and said that this sudden drop in the price has affected the farmers.
In 1906, Lala Lajput Rai founded the Sangatan Dharma Maha Sabha in Allahabad as a sign of opposition to the Congress for supporting the formation of the Muslim League.
He said that the district authorities have ensured that vehicles run smoothly according to their schedule as vehicles coming from Guwahati can leave the highway and take the Umroi Byepass.
The meeting will discuss the resolution of the shortcomings in the VAB which aims to enact a law to empower Rangbah Shnongs and Dorbar Shnongs.
These desires are not wrong because we all want what is good.
Meanwhile, Saleng A Sangma said the government lacks management in which there was an incident in a village in his constituency, a teacher does not speak English but only speaks Bengali and this shows that The appointment of lymmuh teachers has been made and the education department should take action.
You have a natural refrigerator.
He used to sell kwai and tympew to the coal miners in the village and neighboring villages.
Not only that, if the name, or the sex, is concealed; However, how can the government of India or the government of Assam, ignore even the religious identity of those who have been infected, by saying that those who have been infected have anything to do with the Markaz in Delhi and This is the issue, which we have to clarify, on the cover-up of the facts of the patients in Meghalaya.
The Director of Health Services, Dr War, said that so far 35,198 samples have been tested, 34,239 negative and 175 pending results have been sent. 150 at Pasture Institute and 60 at Tura, while the tests at NEIGRIHMS hospital have been temporarily suspended due to the cleaning of the hospital.
This was a golden opportunity for them so that they could understand more about these laws.
You can soak these seeds overnight and drink them again to get a cleanliness in the body.
Shillong, July 30: The President of the Meghalaya Trinamool Youth Congress Committee (TYC) Fernandez S Dkhar on Monday slammed the NPP for alleging that the TMC is a foreign party and also for the BJP. He said that the party is a supporter of the Bangladeshis and said that this allegation is because they are too afraid of the TMC when they see that the people have given their full support to the party.
Myntri Rangbah Duh also walked through the exhibition.
“In this new arrangement, it has been recognized that the Seng Longkmie, Seng Samla Shnong and Dorbar Shnongs can register the names of each resident,” he said.
On the other hand, the EM said that although these laws have been in place, but until now there has been no punishment for those who smuggle benami and this has encouraged them to commit this illegal activity because there is no you are not punished.
Museums and other cultural centers will also be established to showcase the rich culture and ancient architecture of Meghalaya.
In the evening, the football final will be played between Demthring SC and Sabah Muswang SC at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Ladthalaboh.
He said that the residents of the area have expressed their happiness that their long standing demand for the road has been fulfilled and they hope that the road will be completed soon as scheduled.
SHILLONG: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Circle on Monday raided the documents of foreign traders who sell tyrpad and synsar at the Mawiong Regulated Market.
“We don't have the authority to punish those who don't have licenses or permits, that's why we came to meet with the EM in charge of this department.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister has urged anyone who has met him in the past few days to visit him and check whether they show any signs of illness or not. they are going to get tested themselves.
Therefore, the party invites everyone to join hands with the VPP in its struggle to reach the goal of victory.
" But at the insistence of the daughter, the king had to give.
Some of them are bridges from one side to the other of the river while others are to climb and descend the rivers, such as the diengjri bridge at Nongriat, Mawlynnong and Wahjain village and in some other places.
The incident occurred at Khyndailad when a Hyundai Accent (AS01BZ 7778) driven by Ashu Bhony from Khanapara near Diary Dispur Kamrup, Assam collided with a motorcycle carrying two persons. after.
East Khasi Hills, which has 542 cases, includes 78 high risk contacts and 88 cases of fever, 9 cases in Laban, 9 cases in Laitkor and 6 cases in Laitumkhrah. , 4 cases in Mawbah and Mawkasian, 82 cases in Mawlai, 5 cases in Mawlynrei, 10 cases in Mawpat, 13 cases in Mawprem, 6 cases in Mawsynram, 10 cases in Mylliem, 23 cases in Nongkseh, 10 cases in Nongsong, cases in Police Bazaar, 11 cases in Pynursla, 8 cases in Smit and 8 cases in Upper Shillong.
Meanwhile, Aravalli district has only one school for girls' education.
The award winners include Ohiwan Lamar, Emhok Lamar, Joinpil Pde, Phrina Shylla, Oriland Shylla, Aloma Passah and B Richard Uriah.
The meeting was attended by officers from the departments of PWD, Health, Education, Tourism, Principals of Sohra High Schools and other officers.
In 1987, it started with the attack on the residents of Shillong-Umkhen area in Nongmynsong.
Richard Marak is close to former Prime Minister Mukul Sangma, who is also the TMC leader. Richard has also contested the MLA election against Conrad K Sangma from South Tura. but he lost in 2023.
Conrad said the Joint Venture Partnership is one of the three options that the Government is considering.
“We can see that many of the students who have learned in the past, have lost the opportunity to study engineering or medicine just because they didn't meet the quota. “While others who lack marks without counting them, can study and complete it,” he said.
Kennedy Khyriem, President of the Congress party in East Khasi Hills, is one of the Congress leaders who has called for this and recently at two meetings of the party held in Sohiong and Sohra. He said that the amendment of the 6th Schedule would be better than the CAB if it happens so that all the residents will be able to take part in the MDC elections. The 6th Schedule will be amended and we will get a foreigner CEM who can be Anil Kumar Chakravorty and we will get an Elaka EM Mohammad,” said Kennedy at a meeting in Sohiong. recently in the last few days.
On the other hand, Bah AL Hek said that the government will implement the Drugs Policy from this year's budget.
Speaking to reporters, KHNAM Youth Wing President Thomas Passah said that the test results showed that the water has a pH of 5.7, which is less than the standard. acid and cannot be eaten by humans.
The distribution is as follows: Khaw AAY will be distributed at 35 kilos per household per month at T.3 per kilo, Khaw PHH will be distributed at 5 kilos per month at T.3 per kilo, while Khaw Non will be distributed at T.3 per kilo per month. - NFSA will distribute 7.215 kilos per month at the retail price of T.11.77 per kilo and at the retail price of T.12.34 per kilo.
Regarding this incident, the residents of the state who are the supporters of Tipramatha said that Pradyot has been able to fulfill many duties for the benefit of the residents. The citizens of the state and on their part, will continue forever to call him 'syiem'
Shillong, Iaiong 14: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the state is still in short supply of police and needs about 3500-4000 policemen in various ranks.
Nongpoh: After the expiry of the term of office of the former village leaders, the Dorbar Shnong Umdihar, on Saturday re-elected all the office bearers in the village. Bah Romel Lyngdoh has been elected as the Rangbah Shnong of Umdihar.
The incident was reported to the police by the residents who found the woman dead while her husband was seriously injured amidst the bloodshed in their house.
Mohammad Jammal, a PDP member from South Kashmir's Kulgam district, knew that his voting would put him in a big trouble, but he decided to vote. you have your own vote.
“When asked whether there is any money in this election, he said, “There will be money in every constituency and the contribution from the wealthy parties will be high but it doesn't mean that only the wealthy candidates. They have invested money and they will win because in this last election we saw that there was a lot of investment in many constituencies but the candidates who didn't invest money won and I am confident that like in Mawlai “The winning MLA can win the money powers and this will happen in Sohiong and it will also impress many,” said Bah Sandondor.
“To clarify, (1) that in fact the Mining Lease License Holders are mining for themselves to export limestone to Bangladesh, as is the case with limestone. (2) that the quarry slip has been issued for the purpose of obtaining challan from the forest, (3) that the miners have Inform all exporters that quarry slip cannot be issued to anyone who is not a customer, that is, who does not carry stone from their legal mining site according to the quarry slip firm name, in order to curb illegal imports. mining, moreover in this business which no one can force the owner to sell or leave because this is related to the financial industry no one is willing to take responsibility If you don't have enough money, or if you don't have enough money, the owner of the property will pay.
The district administration of West Jaintia Hills will first confirm the allegation that the construction of the Assam police station at Saba village, which was suspended on the 21st of this month, is going smoothly.
Did you know that tympew leaves are also known as a medicinal plant that can relieve anxiety and help bring light to life and a happy mind?
India, who have already qualified for the Asian Cup in 2023, will qualify for the tournament for the first time since
Even in this regard, the cooks have prepared well and the way the food is prepared is beautiful and delicious.
However , the result was that this time too , Bah Joy condemned Bah Swell again and it was then that Bah Swell understood that the Congress party was a threat to the hill people at that time he withdrew from the party.
“There were about four accused who are still absconding from the clutches of the law.
Therefore, if any schools within South West Khasi Hills District wish to participate in this competition please collect the forms from the office of the DSO, South West Khasi Hills District at canoe canoe for long tree.
in and through MoE's youtube channel, facebook live and Swayamprabha channel of MoE. The purpose of this program is to bring about the feeling of freedom among the children and to bring together the fellow students, parents, teachers and the community and to encourage the children to have fun, to encourage them and also to allow them to express themselves.
The Union of Teachers said that at present the colleges are not ready, as NEHU has implemented it urgently, where many colleges do not have enough teachers to start this new policy.
Bah BK Dey Sawian welcomed the guests and a song was performed by the students of Lakhreh Memorial School.
Prakash also showed pictures of the money seized from the house of a Congress MP.
“I take this opportunity to thank the Rector and the entire team for this concern for the lives of human beings on the proposal to use this land.
And till date, they have completed a total of 18 states as well as Bhutan and Nepal.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sutnga said that in those days, the printing of newspapers was very difficult, because it was not as easy as it is these days.
A source who did not want to be named said that as of 2023, there are more than 40,000 voters from this constituency.
“We are surprised to see that he has spoken against the civil society but one of the leaders of the civil society who joined the NPP on that day has listened silently without saying or responding to anything. “If we look at him as a leader in the past, he will listen to us,” he said.
For Priority House Hold (PHH) rice, 5 kilos per head will be distributed equally in urban and rural areas.
However, most of the time, the youth do not have the opportunity to work in small jobs. This is one of the ways to enable the youth to stand on their own feet.
These 12 winners will represent the district in the 46th State 'A' Chess Championship 2023 to be held at Umsning, Ri-Bhoi District on the 14th and 15th of this month.
He was born among the poor and the rich because they had been conquered by the Romans.
According to the order issued today, all employers, contractors, factory companies, house builders and others from abroad have been directed to pay the They have been paid their salaries for a full month even if they cannot go to work due to the lockdown in India to prevent the spread of Corona Virus.
“At the same time, the judges should not be misled or influenced by the statements or feelings of many, which happen on social media,” he said. Be careful that talking too much on any subject cannot be right.
I also want to go to this place but I don't know how to reach Italy. I also want to go to this village in Italy. you, if possible.
Ma Dawan Lyngdoh MDC Mynsngat Khanduli, who moved the motion, said that many of the residents on the border are facing problems after Assam has proceeded to take over the land worked by the residents of the state. .
Dr Ampareen said the Government is trying to create job opportunities for the youth, whether in agriculture, IT and tourism.
Mawsiang beat Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu 2-1 and Pasyih beat Pateinki Sabah 2-0 at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Saturday.
Petrol Pump: Samkhamti Petrol Pump, Urkaliar.
Furthermore, without mentioning any of the supporters of the candidates or parties, all the candidates and leaders together with the supporters were waiting and there was also an excitement for the day to come. The votes were cast so that the people would know who the people have elected to be the leaders of the four constituencies of Ri Bhoi including Umroi, Umsning, Mawhati, Jirang and Nongpoh constituencies.
Because the Temple that will be built will come from the devil and Satan.
The Soo Langdoh Dorbar held on Monday at Madan Lariang, Ialong has announced the date of Behdikhlam of the Raij Chyrmang, Jowai, Tuber and Ialong.
Adding to this, B.Maharana said that the reason for the radiation in the state is much lower compared to other states and therefore, the generation of electricity is water is sufficient in the state judging from the environmental conditions.
There have been 18 new cases of Covid-19 in Tripura, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 1,0
The deceased were identified as Bah Biangki Phawa, 31, his wife, Kong Pynjanai Ryngkhlem, 25, and two young children, Edify Ryngkhlem, and Vladaroi Ryngkhlem, 3 years old.
The collapse occurred on a newly constructed road and the height of the landslide was reported to be about 150 metres.
Washington: The world's richest man took a few minutes to travel into space today on his Blue Origin rocket.
“In each chapter, formulas and explanations are given and then followed by unanswered questions with simple examples to help the children understand,” he said.
Shillong: Hundreds of farmland in Shella area have been destroyed by a fire in Byrwa, Rikom Umkon area which started on Friday night. sun.
Riata Challam scored two fours and was not dismissed for 14 runs from 22 balls. Stellify N.Sten scored 2 runs for 4 balls for the loss of 10 wickets.
Prestone Tynsong, who holds the post of Symbud Myntri Rangbah, has been appointed to the Home (Police), PWD (Roads), PWD (Building), District Council Affairs and Parliamentary Affairs.
Vipul Pawar, Head of the Embassy of India, Mohammad Abdul Hye, Ambassador of Bangladesh to Thailand, Prof. Suchat Thaothong, Head of the Embassy of India, BFA, Faculty of Fine and Applied Arts, Bangkokthanburi University, Mathasit Addok, Dean of Faculty of Fine and Applied Arts, Bangkokthanburi University, and Dr.Suriya Chayacharoen, Director of BTU Gallery.
Revelation is a book of parables and is used with different images and symbols.
According to the CEM of JHADC, Thombor Shiwat, the CEM has promised to take the issue to the EC and according to the CEM, it is difficult to withdraw the approval of any bill. If the factory does not have all the necessary documents from other Government Departments or NOCs from the Dorbar Shnong.
Four IAS officers and 25 smugglers of these animal feeds have also been sentenced to four years in jail.
Therefore, the Council invites all the brothers and sisters, parents and students of Bri Hynniewtrep to attend this greatest day led by KAS so that we can showcase our skills. to the world the unity of a nation on or the most important issue.
The Company stopped for a while but shortly after that until 1961, it started working at Lum Sai Nongbet and left.
She said that this should not be done stingy and should be thought carefully at the same time no one should be allowed to make such mistakes as this is dangerous.
The Chief Guest was Bah P.Sohkhlet, Sordar of Kynshi Mawria and the prizes were distributed in the presence of the Sordar of Myriaw, Bah K.Syiem, former Sordar, Bah Kyrmen, President of the Sports Club, Samla K. Syiem, General Secretary of the Sports Club, Samla G. Hoojon and other office bearers of the Sports Club.
In the second leg, Byndihati SC beat Khliehriat West FC 1-0 with the first goal from Enikijuh Shylla (31st minute).
The party's MLA from Hisua Assembly in Bihar said that this was just a BJP plot to discredit Rahul Gandhi.
On the other hand, the MSPCB said that a test should be conducted to find out whether the lyer or haw has been affected by the smoke from the factory.
Praful Khoda Patel is the administrator of Dadra and Nagar Haveli, Daman and Diu and Lakshadweep, where he has taken over since November
According to Bah Shylla, all the jait kurs are invited to attend the meeting including those jait kurs who do not have a kur organization. to this meeting.
They don't have any rights or laws as parents to put their children before they allow them to live a life without any dependence on others or an independent life, but they can to have some wrong choices as parents.
“In fact, the police have not arrested anyone involved in the murder of KSU member Bah (L) Lurshai Hynniewta or the police chief who shot dead Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew.
He said that politics is a sacred profession which God has established since ancient times so that there will be a smooth and orderly governance from the villages to the state and the country as a whole.
“At the same time, pointing out that Manipur has its own feelings, as well as Meghalaya (has its own feelings), Jaiswal said the Modi Government believes and respects the feelings. the people of all the States of the North East.
Shillong, Lber 27: Two bodies of foreigners were found on Tuesday at Ichamati and Dalda villages under Shella Police Station.
Joe Marwein, Leader of the FKJGP and Chairman of the FKJGP, said that on that day, the demands of the FKJGP for the implementation of the FKJGP will be discussed. Inner line Permit and to schedule a public meeting in Shillong.
In India, this dictionary is used only by the Khasi and Santhal-Munda.
Shillong, Lber 18: “I don't promise to give civil sub-division or anything to the people but I always say that I will look after the needs of the people,” said the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma. Reply to a question today on the budget in the Legislative Assembly.
We long to be freed from the shame we suffer in the eyes of the world because of the wickedness, ungodliness of the rulers.
He said that so far there are 161 members of the ANVC and the weapons have not been handed over to the government, but have been detained under the supervision of both sides, the government and the members of the ANVC. , and will soon surrender after the final talks are completed in Delhi.
Have the district authorities of Ribhoi, received information or not when Assam intends to implement any development works, because what happened during the implementation of the Assam electrification scheme at Madan Umwang, it was seen that “If they don't get any information, it is up to the district authorities of Ri Bhoi to close down these electricity posts as Assam has done to Meghalaya,” said the statement. This was stated by the leaders of HYC Raid Nongtung.
For more information, please contact the JS Kynshi District Administration.
According to a source from the district police, the incident happened on Saturday morning while the man was on his way to a fishing competition. The village is located on the highway from Nongstoin to Mawkyrwat.
Yahshua will take away the sorrows of the nations. There will be no death or burial in that land of glory.
Shillong, Lber 30 : A day after the Meghalaya government signed a social agreement with the Assam government in the presence of Defense Minister Amit Shah, Mawphor spoke to Many intellectuals, leaders, citizens, market dwellers, drivers, border residents and even MLAs and Ministers themselves feel about this soskular. The voice that comes out of all this is that the government should now release the soskular that has already been signed so that the people can be enlightened and avoid remaining in darkness.
The Congress party leaders also decided that through this Youth Assembly they will work hard to strengthen the party and at the same time they hope that the people will continue to support the party in the future. The party will continue to do many things for the benefit of the people of the constituency.
We have to fight against the Congress which still has a vote bank along with other parties,” said Bah Bajop.
Some said it may have been a hand grenade, others said it may have been a homemade bomb. it's a dynamite bomb.
After collecting these garbage, the garbage was separated between the rotten and non-rotten garbage and was transported by the members of the Shillong Municipal Board.
SBUK feels that the opening of this Khasi teaching center is a step forward to help educate people who do not understand the Khasi language.
Felix Chidi and Subash Singh scored for Neroca in the 33rd minute while Phrangki Buam scored for Lajong in the 48th minute.
Jowai: The Parish Jowai, besides holding a Eucharistic procession every year, in this year which is the Year of the Word of God, as a sign of respect for the Word of God, A procession carrying the Bible, which is the Word of God, started from Cathedral Parish (Marianhill) to Ladthadlaboh-Moosalyngkat. return to the Cathedral Parish.
The award was launched in 2018 and the purpose of the award is to encourage and motivate Police Officers and Officers of other agencies such as CBI, NCB, NIA to continue to work harder in the field of Their work is mainly in the investigation of crimes and corruption.
On my part, I would also like to thank the MLA of Mawsynram Constituency Bah HM Shangpliang who has been quick to take action even in a short period of time by helping this family who has suffered this incident. He as the leader of the area will also take action to monitor the operation of Mawsynram CHC so that the people will not face any problems from time to time.
Bankyrshan Syiemlieh 34' and Iaisnoh Dkhar 70' scored the second goal for Latyrke.
Besides, the candidates of the Seng are still new.
“The decision to build the railway line will be taken once the District Administration has received the decision of the stakeholders, as this is necessary, before giving permission to implement the railway line in He said that the district is located in Bhoi District.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, the President of the union, Bah Dundee C Khongsit said, “We have suggested to appoint BSNL through the office. Shillong, to implement the AIS:140 project of the state.
It is learned that after the government has completed its duty to send the VAB 2015 to the Governor, but while the VAB is still in the hands of the Governor, it is not only the District Council but the Rangbah Shnongs. They also visited the Governor from time to time.
“God now commandeth all men every where to repent” Acts 17:3
The festival will start with the three day Megha Kayak Fest from 12th to 14th March at Umtham Village, Ri Bhoi District followed by the Shillong Literary Festival from 14th March through November 16th.
According to a source interviewed by Ganesh Das in Lawmali, the women who receive the JSY scheme of the central government, have to fulfill certain requirements including Three times at government health centers for Anti Natal check-up, two TT injections, to complete the intake of folic acid 100 tablets until birth.
Among these SMS messages, there were those who sent me the following words:.
It may be good news for the football fans across the district of East Jaintia Hills, but the question is whether it is the right way to use the money donated by the miners or traders ( Coal/Mawshun) to clean the plastic or artificial turf field at Dienshynrum, Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills.
In the past few days, 71 bodies have been recovered from Buxar district of Bihar, while today, 25 bodies have been recovered from Ghazipur district of Uttar Pradesh.
At the meeting, they condemned the exploitation of criminals in the Ichamati area and demanded that the relevant authorities should punish them.
FKJGP Vice President Marhok Marboh said that they have already sent a letter to the BDO of Thadlaskein Block and found that the Secretary VEC of Namdong B Deibha Thubru has not provided the muster roll of the residents. Namdong BU Marhok Marboh said that after lodging a complaint with the BDO since July, they have been monitoring from the office of the BDO Thadlaskein and found that 6 100 days contractors under the MGNREGA scheme in Namdong-B VEC have not received and bills.
“We have worked hard to find, all the forests have been destroyed in these villages; but he found no syrwet.
(1) of the Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security Act
The greatest glory for us is that by dying on the cross, “the body of sin was destroyed, that we should no longer be slaves to sin”.
The availability of electricity in health facilities is one of the most important factors that can enable health facilities to provide the best services to the public whether in urban or rural areas. same.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, James K Sangma, today said that the state government has directed the Ministry of Home Affairs to talk to the Ministry of Home Affairs of Assam to bring the case of Bah Michael. Meghalaya.
“For our part, we will arrange for the market to meet tomorrow and soon we will open the shops,” he said.
Shillong: U Bah Renikton L Tongkhar, Minister in charge of PHE, today told reporters that as the Minister in charge of PHE, The PHE department has a target to deliver water to every household in the villages under the Jal Jivan Mission scheme.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will hold a special session tomorrow to discuss the resignation of the CEM, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem.
Ecclesiastes 3: 14–15.
Unfortunately, there have been some CEMs, EMs and officers in charge of Trade in the past, who have become rich and prosperous just because they have taken advantage of the trade. and trading licenses.
“We have received information that there are some robbers who sell tar and food items, and I have already asked the DC authorities to send an inquiry into this and if found true, they should be punished severely. take advantage or shops" he added.
However, 80 cm above sea level is the rainfall,” said Das.
This means that there are very few young people from this state who are studying hospitality and hotel management.
Shillong: U Titosstarwell Chyne, Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and MDC Sohra Constituency, after a meeting with the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday, said that the Chief Minister has promised that the government will The state has spent more money on the Sohra area.
However, after two or three hours of being here, they have left and we don't know where they are now,” said HSPDP President KP Pangniang.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The PWD Office (Buildings) has agreed to hold a fair inside the PWD Campus at Barik.
"On the part of Bah RM Marwein, owner of the newspaper in his speech, he told about the journey from 1987 until now that the beginning of journalism started from letter press to sheet fed. , and now in this new era known as CTP printing.
She said that the party has been providing training from time to time to the party workers so that they can select candidates who have the hope of winning.
In West Garo Hills, 3 BSF personnel have been confirmed, in Ribhoi District, one civilian, in West Jaintia Hills, one civilian, in West Khasi Hills, 17 civilians and Two cases were reported in East Garo Hills.
In 2020, Dasah will be the last day.
Due to the news in recent months, on the ticket filing of many candidates to become candidates of the party from these two constituencies, the party has put the people especially of these two constituencies in a state of shock. confusion of mind.
Ardent said that if the government does not immediately stop the strike, the union will call for various protests in the coming days. come.
“The cleanliness campaign is to bring cleanliness and beauty to the visitors,” said Kong Phliak.
They have to play against better and more experienced players as Meghalaya has to play against Kerala who are better in this tournament.
Bah Mawrie urged Bernard Marak to continue his work in the fight against corruption.
Meghalaya has been able to provide full vaccination to more than 91 out of 100 children, which also holds the highest position among the states.
Through the return of ABBA, to the music industry, it is expected that their album, Voyage, will be the best selling song in the world in the coming days.
These bills of KHADC and JHADC were passed to empower Rangbah Shnongs after being struck down by the High Court of Meghalaya.
The Dutch Low-Frequency Array (LOFAR), the most powerful radio antenna to receive signals, has discovered that there are stars far away that send signals to the receiver. of LOFAR and this shows that there are planets that are hidden from other planers around the Earth.
Inside the empty truck was only one driver, Balbir Singh, who sustained serious injuries in the accident.
She said that the department has already started to use natural fertilizers.
In the order, the two judges of the High Court said that it is clear that the government has tried to solve the problem of garbage in Jowai which the people have faced in the past few months. .
Shillong: The President of India has appointed Prof SK Srivastava as the Vice Chancellor of NEHU after 23rd November
It happened suddenly like a fire broke out across the villages in Manipur, including the villages, in which the houses of the people, especially the Kuki tribe, were burnt down and hundreds were killed.
Nongstoiñ, March 18: The Khasi Jaintia Farmers Association (KFA) Mawlangdep Circle on Tuesday held a special program to encourage the farmers to cultivate many kinds of plants, such as jhur ki jhep and others not only for household consumption but also for export to the markets within the district and the state.
It is to be recalled that West Khasi Hills District has five Hima and Sirdar authorities within its Sam boundary to look after the villages and townships within the Sam boundary of the state, the Rambrai Syiemship. The villages are Kyrshai and Nongspung Dalbari while the Nongmynsaw Hima has Ukiem, Dariphang, Dalidonga, Borkhuli, Mawiamsiem, Kamphaduli, Talimara and in Langpih area also Jyrngam. The Sirdarships include the villages of Lejadubi, Salpara, Rangalpara and Athiabari.
The cricket tournament, organized by Friends Forever Youth Club, was inaugurated by Bah Victor Ranee, MDC Jirang as the Chief Guest, in the presence of other elders of Byrnihat area. .
Don't speak evil of God's prophets.
The programme, which started on Monday, will end on 19th March.
The Supreme Court has not allowed District Councils to participate in the auction of coal through Coal India Ltd.
The public has been advised not to listen to these rumors.
In 2022, Irene Dkhar has been crowned Miss Northeast.
Sanbor admitted that the BJP in Delhi has persuaded the BJP Meghalaya not to field candidates but to support the NPP in the MP elections even though the BJP has already prepared earlier to field candidates from Shillong and Tura. .
Together with the strengthening of domestic processes, international partnerships can help build the delivery capacity of key raw materials.
Meanwhile, on receiving information that many ARPA members have missed the meeting, the Congress-led KHUDA has started swait people to try to The ARPA members have already decided to dissolve the EC, as it has been reported that Bah Pyniaid S Syiem has threatened to dissolve the ARPA. to this current EC.
This issue has now begun in Israel and it is not known when it will begin.
At the same time, he explained that for these vehicles which the government has set aside, the mothers who come to give birth at the hospitals do not have to pay a single tyngka.
On the same day, awards were also distributed to the winners of the March Past who participated in the I-Day celebration. Adventist Hr Secondary School and 2nd Runners Up went to Nongrah Presbyterian Secondary School.
At that time he called for help and two persons came down to help him but all three persons drowned.
The medical team sent the child to Bethany Hospital Outreach, Nongpoh for further treatment.
In the past few days, Khasi voters have turned out to participate in the rally in Riatsam while on Sunday in Oakland and Bivar, the rally has been largely attended by the participants. BJP Meghalaya Minister Sanbor Shullai and former Jaïaw MDC Martamlin Pyrbot, founders of the BJP Meghalaya.
Also present on the occasion were the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, the Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri and others.
“He expressed his satisfaction that more than half of the villagers in Narwan village live by cultivating Soh Ñiamtra.
She recalled that there used to be a saying 'If the language is alive, the nation is alive' but she said that 'A nation that writes in its own language is a living nation'
"Therefore, when we have these things that belong to us, we should never follow blindly, which in English is called INFLUENCE. a free way of thinking, in one's own will and understanding.
All these religions teach goodness: to avoid the evil deeds of fraud, corruption, money laundering to get votes or other deceitful activities by giving MLA schemes or others to vote.
Because if the mining of coal, quarrying and shyiap is banned, how can we allow the mining of minerals,” said Bah PK Rngaid.
Pilgrims do not go crazy but prepare themselves to find out the right information about how to get to their destination.
He reminded the members that the party will not accept the working methods of the JMB by deciding to immediately remove the department from Jowai.
These children who qualify to win the tournament in Chennai will be qualified to represent India from youth to senior in the boys and girls category. to the international tournament abroad.
In a sign that the military is ready for the second phase of the offensive against Gaza, IDF spokesman Daniel Hagari said, “We have to move on to the next phase of the campaign. fighting is not like others say.
After a long preparation, the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) will hold its first BCCI-Level Domestic Cricket Match in 2019-2 Meghalaya and Karnataka in the U-19 Coach Behar Trophy at the MCA Ground.
“Maduh spoke strongly and was proud to see a large crowd, but he was deceived by his own supporters, that is the politics of the Keiñ to deceive, to mislead, to deceive and to deceive,” said Bah Ardent.
Witness has sent a letter of resignation from the Congress party and will contest the MDC election from the PDF. The Congress has given ticket to William Mynsong to contest the MDC election from Jirang.
Shillong, Nailar :The Meghalaya Government in a statement issued on the 8th of this month has appointed Bah Kyntiewbok Hynniewta, Joint Secretary, Planning, IP & SD Department as Nodal. Officer on matters relating to the Meghalaya Right to Public Service Act,
Jowai, November 4: The Kiang Nangbah Government College (KNGC) in Jowai, has faced many problems from the lack of a Men's Hostel, to the lack of a Women's Hostel. tei and others.
The incident on the morning of the 3rd of July 2021 and the subsequent incidents have put the peace and order and the lives of the residents in the State in grave danger.
Police have arrested the driver of the two wheeler and lodged a complaint.
The school is located on the border with Bangladesh and is also the center of Khasi-Jaintia Hills. There is also a need to upgrade the school to 10+2 The Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, who is also the leader of the area, has asked for assistance to improve the facilities of the school.
The two Advisers to the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong and Sniawbhalang Dhar, will head the Regional Committee while Government Minister Paul Lyngdoh will be the Chairman of the Regional Committee.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Punjab 1-0 in the final of Group A of the Santosh Trophy National Football Championship at the Manjeri Payyanad Football Stadium in Kerala on Saturday. night.
To encourage these students, the management of HK Singh Memorial Secondary School, Jowai held a ceremony to encourage these students. Officer Kong A. Syiem, MDCs of JHADC, District Sports Officer Khroobok Passah, members of WJDSA including EMH Passah, Lammat o.
No one was injured in the incident.
Congress MDC Mylliem constituency Bah Ronnie V. Lyngdoh said that the court has had to intervene in many cases because the government has not responded.
In the first match of Group B, Maw U-Tieng beat Kharang SC 2-0 and Kynjailin Sohtun (6′) beat Kharang SC 2-0 ) and Phibashida Lyngdoh (23′) who put the team ahead with their goals in the first half.
He said that the village authorities have informed the police about this incident and they will take the necessary action. They were injured and lost all their belongings as the fire destroyed their belongings and household due to the strong wind.
The paid knup paid trap of such character and which these businessmen cum politicians have already charged only about 5,000 tyngka per head, that too for all the 5 years, will come after all these.
The first international business process outsourcing company to set up its headquarters in Shillong on Thursday announced that it has started its operations in Shillong for about a year. However, it has employed more than 200 youths from our state.
Shillong, July 28 : The Congress on Saturday warned the BJP Meghalaya Leader M Chuba Ao not to interfere in the internal affairs of the Congress party.
After visiting the Raid Nongtung shrine in Ummat village, the CEM's team also held a meeting at Mawlasnai village to meet with the village leaders to discuss the situation and the problem. Speaking to media after the meeting, Bah Pynïaid Singh Syiem u He said that the purpose of the Council's visit to the area is to see and know the land especially to visit a place of worship of the 12 kurs of the Raid Nongtung which has been established since ancient times. The District Council is responsible for the land and customs which is also a place that is still being preserved. At the same time, he said that the Council will hold a meeting to discuss the issue. allocate funds for the construction of buildings in the area to preserve so that the ritual in the area will remain from generation to generation.
The BJP MP and the MLA of the party have clashed on Tuesday evening after the name of the MP was not included in the foundation stone. one project in Sant Kabir Nagar.
Bah Ardent's strike has seen that as the days go by, he has received stronger and stronger support from the people and on the first day of his strike, he sat on the footpath at against the Secretariat but due to the turnout of the people to encourage the protest he had to move to the parking lot at the Additional Secretariat.
The village, which has been placed in the Containment Zone, has been warned against the people and not to go to the area and also the people who live in the village, not to leave their homes and If anyone is found to be in violation, they will be punished according to the provisions of the Act.
He also mentioned the assistance provided by the central government, which the state government has not been able to implement such as the animal breeding scheme or artificial insemination scheme which costs up to T.1.63 crore.
Those who hold high positions are proud, proud, that they are in power, thoughtful, weak, and it is at that time that they decide to do anything. , their minds, where will come wealth, glory and praise, in such a mind, forgets God, because they are rich, they are rich in worldly glory; The Word of God says, “The LORD hath said in his heart, There is no God; they are corrupt, they have done abominable iniquity, there is none that doeth good. Psalm 53:1.
It is usually used in combination with piat, sohsaw or sying.
“It is the lack of attention of the present government that even the teachers have to take to the streets to demand their rights by staying overnight for months. “It's the best thing for the state because from now on we don't have a saiñdur,” he said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 4: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) today expressed its deep sorrow over the neglect of Kiang Nangbah Govt College Jowai by the education department of the Government. State, from the building which has been the same for decades now, the hostel for the students, the salaries of the Non Teaching Staff and other shortcomings which have not been addressed as demanded by the KNGCSU.The Govt.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The Joint Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, TG Momin, in a statement sent today, said that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has taken note of the problems of the ASHAs. the government has released a lot of money for their salaries.
These are also the first goals for all these teams in the entire tournament.
Speaking at the AITC meeting at Selsella, Mukul strongly criticized the MDA government by saying, “The Meghalaya Integrated Transport Project is for travel, for transportation. income, to integrate the market for the development of agriculture.
On the other hand, Bah Shakliar, who was the Chief Guest, congratulated all the Deputy Commissioners (DCs) from 12 districts in the state for their hard work and ability to take action to to fulfill and to fulfill in this day.
During the surprise inspection, 28 households were found stealing electricity and thus violating Sections 135 and 126 of the Electricity Act 2003 and Amendment Act
The Bureau provides technical support to industry and service businesses by promoting standards, introducing new standards where applicable, and providing product and service accreditation provide services to ensure quality and safety.
Before the meeting, Susuki Pariat's friends who joined the BJP on this day and also the leader of the Voice of the People Party, North Shillong Constituency were welcomed.
He said that they have requested the DC to send a message to the government to provide the assistance so that these land dealers can get the money to build the boxes.
Shillong: KSU Nangbah Unit today distributed cement to one of the families affected by the natural disaster which happened on 24th November 2020 at Nangbah village. It is located in Thadlaskein C&RD Block.
It was the day of the Sohra market and many of my employees did not work on that day, because there was a football match in Mawjrong, some went to the Sohra market, some went to watch football, there was only one. The old man, who didn't want to waste the day, told me that I would do my job alone, so I waited a thousand years with that old man, Bah Jruin Swer, who had passed away.
You people of Sohra should be proud that you are still an independent country and there is no company that has built a bridge to bring in the Dkhars and Klings to become kings in those quarters and bangla houses by destroying them. the rights of the natives in this kingdom.
There are now 100 doctors, nurses and others who have been infected with the corona virus.
They immediately informed the family members of the children and took them to Arkini Suchiang Laskein CHC and later to Dr. Norman Tunnel Hospital, Jowai.
According to the SSUP, there is only one ANM in the Sub Center, but she comes to treat the people in the area three times a month.
North Korea has also warned the United States not to send nuclear weapons to these regions if it wants peace.
They are the scholars of literature, who should have been punished for their mistakes.
Furthermore, Bah Nongrum assured the people that he will continue to monitor this issue, whether inside or outside the Assembly.
On 3rd November 2020, five persons identified as Arindam Deb, Subharshi Das Purkayastha, Saptarshi Das Purkayastha, Binak Deb, Bishal Ghosh and Prittish Deb were arrested at about 12:30 pm. About 20-15 people were shot dead at the basketball court in Block IV, Lawsohtun.
This oil is specially formulated by mixing herbs and other ingredients that improve the skin of babies but do not damage the skin.
The HNLC has asked whether these government ministers will flee before the upcoming elections.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the government has decided to allow the opening of markets once a month in the remote areas of the state but the people should follow them. rules laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
There are 2,745 cases in Assam and 5,647 people have been discharged from hospitals.
Chyne also urged the State Government to set up a temporary shelter for the refugees in Manipur, and to ensure that they should return to their villages after peace and order has been restored in Manipur. in the State of Manipur.
On the same day, Dundee Cliff Khongsit confirmed the office bearers of FKJGP-South Eastern Border Area Circle including President-Mathew Pajat, Vice President-Ebran Suchen, General Secretary-Eladmi Suchen, Asst.
It is for this reason that the Seng has decided to hold such meetings, especially in the areas where there is no VPP. first on the Reservation Policy and Roster System by holding public meetings in Mawlai, Jowai and Jowai.
In connection with this incident, police have lodged a complaint at Khliehriat Police Station (Case No.18(3)2023 u/s 120B/307/427/436/506/34 IPC). After the incident, it was learned that a group of people were involved in the arson and police are searching for the robbers.
"These drugs were purchased without the knowledge of the needs of the hospitals and also without the knowledge of the Directorate of Health Services (Medical Institutions)," the CAG report said. Government health facilities including hospitals, CHCs and PHCs have resulted in the deterioration of medicines to T.4.03 crore due to overpurchase.
Romeo admits to sleeping with 6,000 women in his life.
The meeting was attended by the Sordars of various villages, Leaders of FKJGP Sengkmie and Leaders of various districts and circles.
Besides, the decline in enrollment is due to the fact that the leader and the government have not taken enough care of the schools that provide education.
Conrad said the state police have already taken steps to conduct a thorough investigation into the incident so that the robbers involved will not escape the law.
Therefore, I take this opportunity as one of the ways in which I can contribute not only to the development of rural education, but also to free the nation from those misleading teachings. , to change the way of thinking of us the Trai Ri Trai Muluk especially the teachers who are against the history, education, culture and geography in the country.
In his speech, Conrad Sangma said that the aim is to connect in terms of opportunities to develop tourism, agriculture, employment opportunities and job creation opportunities through the development of local winemakers through the grapes.
Therefore, we cannot accept such a thing and we urge the youth to remember, that without the cooperation of the village authorities, know that your protests regarding any issues that you “We will not reach our goal and it will not be good,” said Bah Kwikly Marngar Sordar of Rambrai. They are the ones who are strong, not the ones who are strong.
He said that everyone has their own way of eating, drinking and strength of the body that the disease can spread at any time but as the people we should think and be careful to eat food. They should not be afraid of any kind of disease and especially if they have any differences in their body, they should go for testing to the nearest health centre.
Singh, a Manipur police officer, accompanied the Prime Minister on his visit to Manipur.
Nongpoh: The KSU Umktieh Unit, on Saturday, stopped an illegal quarry by a private person at Wah Umiam Ummsarang in Umktieh and Khapmara Bhoirymbong villages.
“He also suggested how to improve on these issues by saying that the Alotgre Ground in Tura, which he also visited, needs some improvements.
In the fourth quarter final, RB Anup Chand School scored points after KV EAC Upper Shillong were disqualified from the Under-18 Inter School Cricket Tournament. league 2022/23.
The bridge before reaching the Inter State Bus Terminal, Mawiongrim, was inaugurated by the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma in April,
It is learned that 50 children between the ages of 8 and 12 years, have become ill, after eating the lunch, which was distributed today.
These three bills are the Farmers' Produce Trade and Commerce Bill; The Farmers (Empowerment and Protection) Agreement on Price Assurance and the Farm Services Bill; then the Essential Commodities (Amendment) Bill, which has been passed by the Lok Sabha and now needs to be approved by the Rajya Sabha.
When asked about the name of Bah HM Shangpliang who may leave the BJP, Dr. Kharlukhi said he has seen it from the media.
Concerning these things, the Word of God has already foretold: “And after the sixty-two weeks... the king who shall come shall destroy the sanctuary (the Temple in Jerusalem).
They said in a letter that if the Council has suspended the complaint of Bah Dwit Nongrum since June 2013, they said that the matter has already been arranged and summoned many times by the Council. The Council, alleged that the complaint against the Sordar was based on the fact that the complainants were involved in the plan to sell the Raid Tynring land to MUDA at Umlyngkut which was named Streamlet Mylliem Pdah and Mylliempdah Shimtimai according to plot 7 and 8 in the announcement of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills which covers an area of ​​80 acres.
Referring to the demands of the Joint Action Committee of All Teachers' Associations (JACATAM), Dr Laloo said that the leaders of the group had met with the Chief Secretary on the 30th of last month to discuss the demands of the JACATAM. discuss the demands and set a deadline for the government to respond within three months.
Kamphereiei is the son of Kratis Pala and Emle Pachiang.
Hoardings have been removed from government properties and 58 from public properties.
Manav lost at the start of the match before scoring another point.
Sadly, the poverty rate in the state has increased over the years.
There are many tribes such as Kharnongbak, Kharnongbah, Kharnonglong, Kharnongphod and Kharnongtham.
Do you want to be one of these people who never get sick?
Nongpoh: A sudden earthquake has struck Plasha village in Umden area of ​​Ri Bhoi District at 4 pm this evening.
The India Meteorological Department of the Government of India has warned that rain, cold and thundershowers are expected in parts of the state.
In this regard, the residents are urged to cooperate with the office by being present with the office staff who will conduct an awareness program as part of the SVEEP program for the registration and also to explained the matters relating to the General Election to Lok Sabha (MP) to be held in 2024 to issue the complete electoral roll.
Likewise, it is necessary to send a thorough investigation as soon as possible in due course, in order to resolve and bring peace between the two countries.
The PHC does not have enough beds for the patients, the tins of soapïing have been broken and burnt especially during the rainy season. medicine and Medicine Store room.
As everyone knows, beef is one of the types of meat that the people of this state love and are good at eating not only in this state but in the whole North East of India.
It is learned that Bah Dirling was trying to turn the vehicle when a motorcycle suddenly stopped and in the incident Nangpyndapbor Kharlyngdoh, the driver of the motorcycle, died shortly afterwards. The injured were rushed to CHC Mawkyrwat for treatment.
He encouraged the teachers to continue in their work even if they face many challenges and obstacles.
This shows that they have misused the money worth more than T.5,78 crore according to the figures mentioned here (Rs.5,83,29,300 – Rs.4,83,000 = Rs.5, 78, 09.700).
The Magistrate also visited a shop at Stand Jeep which is the shop of M/S NRL Enter Prise, Jeep Stand-Rice Dealer and the investigation into the shop lasted for some time.
FIFA said that the countries to be nominated for the tournament will be elected at the Congress of the Federation to be held on 17th June, .
The Lamin Dorbar Shnong and the COVID-19 Management Committee have decided to open the market on the 2nd of September
The job is big and difficult because if you turn to industrial activities, mining, these will seriously affect the environment and its beauty will be lost.
The BJP MLA said that there are many places in the Cantonment area where clashes occur frequently, including Jahlupra, Lower Paltan Bazar, Paltan Bazar and Cantonment Beat House.
If anyone does not receive these items or if they are too expensive, they can complain to the office of the S.D.O.(Supply) by writing clearly their name and village so that that they may not be punished.
(Therefore), the BSF, who are responsible for maintaining peace on the border, should not respond to this.
On the other hand, the Seng said that the fence is necessary for the safety of the residents and especially the children who pass through this area, concluded the statement from the Publicity Secretary of West Jaintia Hills. , young Yomiki Passah.
This is a four-year project which has been implemented since 2018 in India in various sectors.
On the other hand, the reporter visited the scene on Tuesday and found that the night of the death of the man was not far from the houses in Kenbah Malai, but the night was far away. The length of this night is terrible to see although the length of this night cannot be determined.
“This is a necessity because entrepreneurs have opportunities all over the country and all over the world, so the aim of promoting entrepreneurship is at the forefront,” he said. also to ensure a transparent process and to reduce selection and corruption.
“I would like to inform the public that pork should not be eaten if it is cooked properly,” she said.
He expressed his satisfaction with the state of work in Meghalaya and the percentage of spending.
Women participate in the public awareness program on drug abuse in Nongstoiñ.
Apples are rich in pectin fibre, which is known to help reduce body weight and fat content.
What is important is that students need to prepare themselves for this exam so that they will have the opportunity to continue their studies after completing class 12.
He said that once the construction of the stadium is completed, it will benefit not only Jatah Lakadong but 18 villages in the area.
The two circles of HANM strongly condemned the police who arrested the members by saying that they should not spend time only to arrest the members of the HANM but should turn their eyes to the borders where they have been arrested. Khar Nepalis have power over their brothers and sisters.
Prem Singh Tamang, born on 10th June 1968, in Soreng West Sikkim, began his career as a government servant before entering politics in He has been a member of the Sikkim Krantikari Morcha (SKM) and a member of the Sikkim Legislative Assembly since
Vishwa's father and family members will arrive in Nongpoh tomorrow to collect his body.
Add 1 tablespoon of castor oil and 1 tablespoon of coconut oil and mix well.
The meeting was chaired by the President of the Association, Nababrata Bhattacharjee.
Lajong will prepare for their away match against Real Kashmir FC on November 16 at 2 pm at the TRC Turf Ground, Srinagar.
The Khasi elders used to say that when you sit down, be careful not to fall into the pyrthat and be bitten by the khla.
I, as a father, remind you now that you have grown up and understood.
The BJP should also remind Rahul Gandhi that other heroes of Meghalaya have received honors and memories from the people.
The RBYF Leader said that the RBYF is pleased to see that the youth are working hard and succeeding in various fields of study. to sit for more difficult examinations and to become IAS, IPS officers and others.
For medical emergencies and inter-district transportation of essential goods, the villagers are urged to apply for EPASS from the District Portal of West Jaintia Hills.
He said that after the swearing-in ceremony of the Prime Minister and the Cabinet, they will soon return to work to continue their work for the achievement of the aspirations of the people of the state.
“Look, I am not even a member of the District Council, how can the UDP accuse me of dissolving the EC? Please ask them how Prestone can dissolve the EC because I am not. “It's not a member of the KHADC,” he added.
In this age, 'the righteous shall be cut off', while 'the wicked shall be honored and exalted by all'
However, the Assam government has been implementing development works such as improving the road from Mawsikar to Kamphaduli through the Khasi villages from Mawsikar, Umwali, Umwahsiang, Langpih etc. to construct this road.
Commander Rajesh Kr.
However, on this occasion, it was seen that many women have strongly supported this Bill and it is very pleasant that another women's organization has emerged which has been formed by the Seng STIEH to support this Bill of KHADC. STIEH has received the support of many of the people of Ri Khasi and Jaintia, unlike those others who opposed the Bill who have only about 35 members as shown in the petitions sent to the Governor. .
LP School (Amlarem Block) beat Mukhla Grassroot Center (Thadlaskeiñ Block) 1-0 while Padu United A (Amlarem Block) beat Ummulong Grassroot Center 1-0 (Thadlaskein Block).
The HNLC demands that the law enforcement agencies should take action against this forged letter and allow the peace talks to proceed. of its spies, to find these men, whose names were Shynshar Khymdeit and Samuel Wahlang.
Special Acknowledgments Special thanks to I (L) Babu A.K.Nongkynrih, for his encouragement and assistance in filling in my shortcomings in completing this article.
He also referred to a recent letter sent by Union Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman at a press conference in Bengaluru.
At the same time, the party will also pray that he will reach the Dwar U Blei.
Voting by SMS will be done only through Aircel SIM Card.
It is also necessary to cut off the shyrtong of large shyrtong breeds.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District has imposed a curfew from 10 pm today.
However, a good night's sleep can be very beneficial for the body.
U Bah B.Tariang, said that although there has been a damage to these parts of the college, but the damage has not affected the building, as they are easy to make parts, which will be made with other more suitable materials, in order to eliminate this orpait.
In the past few days, many teachers of Don Bosco School in Guwahati, have tested positive for covid-19, while two other schools have tested positive for covid-1
iv) We should always strive to plant trees.
When God saw the wickedness in His beloved land, He burned the Assembly with fire like Sodom and Gomorrah.
Nongpoh, March 26: The Hima Khad-ar Lyngdoh today appointed the Rangbah Shnong of Harlibagan Village as the Rangbah Shnong of Harlibagan. The Rangbah Shnoing of Harlibagan, Raid Nongkyrla, Khad-ar Lyngdoh Hima, Ri Bhoi District, has been elected by the people of Harlibagan.
It will take us about two months to complete this task to find a suitable person to replace this former leader who has passed away and who has judged the party and the people. our residents for many, many years," he added.
On the other hand, the Hima said that all those who come should maintain the cleanliness and sanctity of the Lawkyntang and should follow the rules issued by the state government and the Hima Mawphlang Lyngdohship.
Regarding the Nongstoiñ Constituency, after the HSPDP has stopped cooperating with the UDP and both the parties will go separately, it is learned that the UDP will field a candidate in Nongstoiñ.
The two spin bowlers also beat Australia in the first Test by sharing 15 wickets each and led India to win by innings and 132 runs. three days of fighting.
If the price of mobile recharge increases, they listen, if the price of pork, beef, chicken, they listen, if the price of sugar, dai, they listen, if it increases If the price of building materials increases, they pay tuition, if the price of petrol and diesel increases, they pay, if the price of rice and tympew increases, they buy. If the price of school books increases, they don't mind, if the price of internet bill increases, they recharge slowly, and so on. MeECL is the only company in the country!!! In fact, MeECL has been very merciful to the people of Meghalaya compared to other states.
The office bearers include Mr. Evident Chadap Manner, President, Genl.
It is from the implementation of the system that later it was implemented throughout the state.
He said that in this regard, various government departments involved have already held a meeting to discuss and discuss how to improve the management of the water pipes. , electrical signs etc., which are the reason for the difficulty in the smooth running of the project.
In a statement today, the BJP said that the concealment and illegal earnings of the rich in foreign countries have caused problems and backwardness in the country especially in economic development. Whether in the city or in the countryside, it will completely prevent the central government from operating the 500 and 1000 notes.
(ii) It is the end of God's Old Testament Prophets.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) has ordered the Meghalaya government to pay compensation of T.2 lakh each to five people who died in the electricity shortage in the country this year. Lum Garo and T.50,000 each were ordered to pay to the injured.
He said that peace and order should not be disturbed and how to maintain peace is the responsibility of the Government.
According to the mother of the child, Julaidaris Nongbsap, her 10-year-old daughter was raped by her uncle Lampher Kharpan. ,50 cards in
This statement of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has shocked the people especially the intellectuals.
The IGP briefed the Governor on the presence of the CRPF in North East India and also detailed the presence of the CRPF in Meghalaya.
Mairang, June 27: As part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya, two leaders of the Hill State movement, Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh (bam kwai ha and Bah Fuller Lyngdoh Mawnai (not at the House of God).
The meaning of the marriage law:- This means when you have married and have children.
“I voted for the VPP because of the party's strong principles of bringing about clean governance and strengthening the rights of our indigenous people,” he added.
Elon Musk has traveled to Germany for his European Tesla factory, which is still in operation.
Therefore, Harry Inglis's crime is clearly a corruption.
Rocky Kylla said the Dorbar is saddened after receiving information that the government has decided to move the Screening Center from 13mer to Byrnihat, after the Assam government has not allowed it. The Screening Center is not available.
Irrfan made his Bollywood debut in Bombay in 1988 and has starred in many Hollywood films, including Jurassic World and Slumdog Millionaire.
However, there are others whose lives have been violently killed by others, just as Abel's life was violently killed by Cain.
JL Das, one of the members of the Central Puja Committee, said that this year's Hindu festival shows that it is a good year because the Durga festival has come in the form of a Hindu goddess. Palki and she returned in the form of a Hati which showed a good sign.
Shillong, July 8: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Shillong, today inaugurated the 125th Anniversary of the KJP Girls' Higher Secondary School.
While promoting these renewables has been a major tool in groundwater management in the country, NAQUIM’s research has shown a needs perspective that positively affects the promotion industry the water that is under the earth.
Let us not treat the voting as a duty to be completed once every five years but let us decide to elect responsibly so that we can have rulers and authorities who have the right agenda and aspirations. that's ours.
The Principal and Managing Committee of Mynken Christian Higher Secondary School, Bhoirymbong (MCHSSB), congratulate the teachers, parents and students of the school for this year's harvest of Top-20 of the Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC) examination,
In Punjab, 21 new cases have been reported, bringing the total to
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: A team to investigate the operation of schools in Meghalaya has arrived in Shillong today.
“It is sometimes confusing even for us the Syiems to see because, most of the time when the people need development schemes, the Meghalaya government itself often asks for them, but it is difficult to provide them. The Assam government comes to offer schemes from time to time, and on my part I don't allow people to apply for schemes from the Assam government and they should apply from Meghalaya. “We have worked together to meet the needs of the people living in the border areas,” said Pa'iem.
The death on the cross is the greatest reason why God showed the world how much He loves the people of the world.
The Worldometer estimates that the disease has infected 27,86,743 people and killed 1,94,470 people. people all over the world in just 160 days.
Rahul Gandhi will arrive in Shillong on 30th July 2018 and after that he will drive to Jowai and meet people at Chutwakhu, Indoor Hall, Jowai.
He said that this census of the office puts a lot of danger to the residents in coming and going especially the posts inside the village, therefore the village has to repair them to avoid tragic incidents.
“When I saw that Bah Ardent was campaigning for the Congress party, I told Teilinia that she had to dance because all the candidates who campaigned for Bah Ardent won. Ardent will be the winner in 2018,” said Hamlet Dohling.
The Khasi Seng has renamed the children of Bah Starlingshon Sohtun and Monty Biswa who live in Mawprem, Lum Pyllon, Shillong.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 23: The KSU Lumshnong Unit on receiving a complaint from the family members of an unnamed woman from Chiehruphi village, regarding the ill-treatment of her when she came to Lumshnong PHC, the union today went to investigate the incident.
The Joint Director of School Education, Literacy, West Jaintia Hills District has announced that the Ministry of Education will start a Morning Section at Government Boys' Higher Secondary School, Jowai for Class XI Arts from 16th November. ) 2021.
He said that according to the police report, all the mistakes were made by the police, instead of taking Victoria to hospital if she was really weak. think, however, they take her into the police station.
Paul Lyngdoh also denied that there is any difference of opinion between the NPP and the UDP and it is only a rumor that there will be such a change in the political situation after the election in Sohiong.
The members of HANM were divided into two groups. One group came from Keating Road and climbed back from the road near the MePDCL office opposite the MePDCL office. Secretariat and another group riding a bus to the market and got off as soon as they arrived in front of the Secretariat. HANM members did not have the opportunity to enter the Secretariat, but shouted in front of the Secretariat that the government to increase the salaries of teachers, to introduce the ILP, to implement the demand for the Khasi language to be included in the fifth schedule of the Constitution, to resolve the border issue. Speaking to media, Bah Lamphrang said that the HANM members have been involved in the protest against the illegal immigrants. He also threatened that if the government does not increase the salaries of the teachers, the union will come back at any time together with its members from other branches of the union. across the state.
Meanwhile, RG Momin, an independent candidate from Rambrai, received 9057 votes to defeat Kimfa S Marbaniang, who has resigned from the post of MLA, and former HSPDP MLA KP. RG Momin of the HSPDP with 9057 votes won by 110 against KP Pangniang of the HSPDP with 8947 votes and Kimfa S Marbaniang of the NPP with 7272 votes.
Speaking to media, the President of the HNYF Women's Wing, Kong Bity Jyrwa said that the HNYF Women's Wing is deeply saddened and unacceptable by the appearance of women who do not work. themselves as those leaders of the RAM who have published through the newspapers and social media that they have been established by their group.
The union said that the arrival of companies has not benefited the state residents as they do not get jobs.
She said that the Minister of Health and Family Welfare has said that the ASHAs receive many incentives. ASHAs are not affected.
“We have not yet discussed the demand for the resignation of Bah Sniawbhalang,” said Bah Lapang.
Nongpoh, March 21: As part of the celebration of World Water Day, the PHE Department, Ri Bhoi District in collaboration with the DSO Office today held a 5 km marathon starting from the Indoor Stadium Saiden. finished at the Indoor Studio Nongpoh.
The 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 will start on the 10th and end on the 16th of November
Replying to a question by the Leader of the Northern Party in the Budget Session on Monday, Sohra MDC Bah Titosstarwell Chyne said: He said that the KHADC will face a shortage of funds as happened to the two ADCs of JHADC and GHADC and he wanted to know more about the fund collection of the KHADC. He said that the amount collected from the Professional Tax is T.1,8,27,617 crore, while the fee from the Ministry of Trade and Industry is T.3,59,93,615 crore. T.43,40,160, the Forest Department T.1,88,68,272, the Civil Works Department T.16,23.41 lakh, the Administration of Justice through Court Fee T. .33,42,314.
In recent days, the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, has informed that the State Government has not yet taken any decision on the demand of the Adhoc School Teachers.
Deputy Commissioner (Supply).
The 27 pilgrims include Rajya Sabha MP Dr WR Kharlukhi and his family members.
According to sources, the tournament is also part of the BWF Olympic Qualification for the 2024 Olympics in Paris.
We also remember the cross firing 2010 between India and Bangladesh in 2010, which lasted for more than a month (from 4th Feb 2010 to 14th March 2010), in which the Indian Army, BSF, spent about More than 3000 (three thousand) bullets were deployed to protect the APL in Muktapur.
These women who passed the Gram Sevak examination in 2012 and took this path after the government did not listen to their request to extend the deadline for recruitment. on January 21, 2013.
The final was attended by the Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh in the presence of MDC Sutnga-Nongkhlieh Richard Sing Lyngdoh, District Sports Officer (DSO) West Jaintia Hills District Sports Officer, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh. Mulait United won the cash prize of 30,000 tyngka while Latyrke SCSC won the second prize of 20,000 tyngka.
In the last 24 hours, Shillong received 8.7 mm of rainfall, Sohra 21.0 mm and Umiam 7.2 mm.
They should also be made aware that they should not prepare by force but by the willingness that they understand that they must win.
As the family we would like to express our gratitude to the Minister (Local MLA) 6 Khliehriat Constituency Ma Kyrmen Shylla and all the family members.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing, although no one was injured or killed in the incident.
All the Rangbah as well as the residents of the area were urged to take action in this regard on the urgent need to get clarity regarding the surrender of the Meghalaya Power Distribution Corporation Ltd.
They say, yes, if this is the case, there is no point in reading hard or following notes in copies because it is a waste of time, energy and money throughout the year.
Shillong Lajong FC have once again returned to the 1st Division of the Indian League or I-League after a thrilling home match at Lajong beat Benguluru United FC 2-1 in the first leg of the tournament on 21st June 2013 at the SSA Ground Shillong. Everbrightson Sana Mylliempdah in the first half and Figo Syndai in the second half.
Besides these, there are those who receive the same farm 2 or 3 times a year and for 3 years some receive 5 or 6 times this farm scheme. 12000/- per annum.
Shillong, November 1: Police today evening arrested 42 youths from Khyndai Lad area for drinking alcohol.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Mawlai MLA praised the new initiative taken by the party instead of the carol. about an auto driver from Tamil nadu, how with just 80 rupees a day, he was able to raise his children, until one daughter completed IAS and became the officer.
The population of Schedule Castes in Meghalaya is about 25,000 which is only about 0.58 per cent of the population of the state. some of the most affected communities.
In the women's category, Bandasharai Wanniang won the first prize, Margeenness Ramsiej second and Daplin Wahlang third.
Wheat Oil Cake costs 2450 tyngka to 2700 tyngka.
According to police sources, Bah Jenny had handed over a check of T.1 lakh to Jaishih Makri Mondol to deposit it at SBI Bank in Khyndai Mer but instead of depositing it, he took the cheque. without lapse anymore.
In the presence of the District Medical and Health Officer, Dr.M.Mawrie, Medical Superintendent, Dr.G.Mihsil and others, the MLA was present on the occasion. others.
Besides the schools, the MLA also informed that the road from Amlarem to Pdengshakap was sanctioned in October to clean up the road for the convenience of the passengers.
Replying to a question on the Waste-to-Energy Plant, she said the new plant as planned should have been set up at Narela Bawana. three years, this will be implemented".
On this occasion, the ICAR Scientist also demonstrated the method of cultivation of tit according to the new era which was translated into Khasi by the Rangbah Shnong of Umsyiem, Bah SB. Right.
This month has been very cold and the cold is no different in other parts of Ri Khasi Jaintia.
Shillong, July 20 : The Government will consider the suggestions and questions raised by various political parties regarding the Reservation Policy which will be considered by the Expert Committee.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner, Bah B.Blah was the chief guest.
Shillong: U BJP MLA from South Shillong, Bah Sanbor Shullai, on Tuesday said that when he was a child, when someone saw that someone was holding the Congress flag in the streets, people would send him away. Noh wut wut, because they said that it is a Dkhar party, but this has disappeared after all the Congress joined, but now the time has come that they have rejected completely and also the BJP has faced problems before but the people have received it now.
The four MDCs include Deputy Chairman Mettrinson G Momin of the National People's Party, Boston Marak of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Jimberth Goera Marak of the Garo National Council. (CNG).
They handed over solar electricity to four PHEs, namely Jongksha PHC, Mawkynrew PHC, Jatah PHC (Mawkynrew Block) and Wahsherkhmut PHC (Pynursla Block) at a function held in Jongsha.
Furthermore, the Bharatiya Sakshya Act aims to repeal five provisions of the Indian Evidence Act, amend 23 provisions and introduce one new provision.
What is more upsetting to this woman is that the staff in the 16th room, sent her back to the 14th room and she said that at that time there were about four people. doctors in the room who also refused to check the condition of the child.
Sumer said that the forgery of Ardent's documents has come to light after the Council has sent a notice on 15th November 2022 for the purpose of The owner of the land, Bah Nolipstar Lyngdoh, who admitted that he had signed the sales deed, said that he had not received the full amount of money and therefore could not hand over the title. own the bag.
Speaking to media, Dr. Ampareen said it is fortunate that although Meghalaya has exempted the public from the registration of Aadhaar, there are several schemes of the Government of India. who need to link to Aadhaar as in the distribution of ration where beneficiaries have to link to Aadhaar.
“The voice of the Prime Minister is that anyone who stands by the Rafael Social Agreement will be removed and destroyed and thus the democracy of the country will be destroyed. are in very great danger".
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Women's Wing (HNYF) today lodged a complaint with the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, demanding the immediate arrest of women who claim to be from the Rot Association of Meghalaya (RAM).
“Now we have to see and read how far the Indian government has taken the feelings of the people,” he said.
Shillong, Nailar, 07: The BSF on Tuesday said that in the past 24 hours, they have seized 85 mai from the border of East Khasi Hills and East Jaintia Hills District. I'm not allowed to smuggle illegal drugs to Bangladesh.
Shillong, Nailur 06: The teachers of Pine Mount School Shillong on Tuesday staged a protest in the grounds of the school to demand the removal of the Principal of the school. Kong Aiom Ksiar Diengdoh for its inability to meet many of the needs of the school and the students.
On the 20th of this month, while the kidnappers were walking on the India-Bangladesh border at 7:40 pm to take the kidnapped person, BSF troops shot them, but they managed to escape. a forest in the midst of the darkness of the night.
“We have to mention here that the VC has no knowledge of the incident between the psychological counselor and the medical doctor.
Dr. Mukul Sangma, who said that the rules clearly state that the Minister when responding to a Call Attention Notice, should respond directly to the issue and should not be prolonged.
“I don't feel sorry for that, because I didn't tell her and I didn't call her.
If only about 50 seedlings are planted on one tree and 10 seedlings are planted, how much will be the benefit to the income, especially in this time of income crisis”.
John Makri, Publicity Secretary HYC Ribhoi Sepngi in the presence of Budiman Rympei and Aiborlang Ryntathiang. The Sordar of Mawskeinlum Village, Bah Dral Pator.
The party has met twice with the Prime Minister and twice with the Minister of Social Welfare but their promises have not been fulfilled till today.
In a statement sent by Bah JS Sohtun, it was found that eight employees of NEEPCO had come to Kenbah and renewed the signs which they had opposed in the past against the proposal to build the Power House. syndon of Kenbah.
They included 10,200 gelatine sticks, 5,000 live denators and 8 rolls of Cordtex fuses.
The Supreme Court in its judgment dated 5th November, 2013 in SLP© No.21455 of 2008 (S.Subramaniam Balaji Vs Govt.
However, at the same time, he said that the labor licenses of the contractors should be held by the contractor who invited them to work and if anything happens he will have to inform the Council.
I don't understand why this happened.
Speaking to media, Sangma said, “The election has not been announced yet and until the Election Commission announces it, the party will confirm the names of the candidates. “I don't want to contest from the NPP party, although there are some candidates who have already announced, but many of them will be announced in due course”.
In the first half, Buromlangki scored a hat-trick for Ladthadlaboh.
The day, also known as 'Black Friday', came after massive protests against the division of the MBOSE between Tura and Shillong, which led to riots after the arrest of of one of the movement’s leaders and the protest was declared illegal.
Shillong: Shillong received 17.9mm of rainfall today and 2.8mm today.
United Nations (UN) Secretary Antonio Guterres on Saturday slammed the world's richest countries, saying these countries, which have become self-sufficient, no longer think about the economies of other poor and developing countries.
Farmers have been deprived of subsidies and fertilizers in the name of making the state a developed state that promotes traditional agriculture, which has affected the farmers.
and the Wator Symbe ritual for the good harvest of rice, there will be a ritual known as the Shawah-Shanein ritual.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Circle today lodged a complaint with the Sub-Divisional Officer PWD. Amlarem, on the damage and incomplete construction of the road from Tamabil to Amsku which was completed in
The UDP MDC, who joined the NPP on Monday, said that he joined the NPP because of the failure of the MDA government to fulfill the demands of the people to get the Lumshnong C&RD Block and the construction of the road. Sonapur-Borghat.
Bobby Nongbet, captain of Shillong Lajong, is hoping to lead the team in this tournament along with coach Atlanson Kharmaw who has also led the team to promotion to the I-League. season.
at the same time he read all these names in remembrance of them.
This is the second time that a player has been punished in the current season under the CoC (Code of Conduct) of the tournament. to Over-rate Offenses.
The Mairang MDC has almost received the MDC scheme of T.3 crore which has received T.2.80 crore.
With his passing, the State will lose a great and dedicated leader," the statement said.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Wapung Unit today visited Rashiba Siangshai, Wapung School Village, Shillong. This happened in 2014 in Mookhep.
Reports said that Bah HDR Lyngdoh, after taking part in the election campaign, complained of asthma and went for treatment at Bethany Hospital.
Therefore, the public is kindly requested to donate by sending us an email: sainriti.2011@gmail.com or Whats App
The Government has already tested and found that they are not suitable for consumption because they are sick, according to media reports.
Participants will be accepted only until June 10th.
Cream – instead of milk/ no.
In the past few days, the Shlem reporter has visited the villages in the Ri Lyngngam area and found that there are still many villages in the area which do not have roads and food items. such as rice, sugar, flour, etc. were delivered to the villages on horseback.
According to the president of the HYC, the police have summoned him first and later they will also summon other party leaders including the Vice President and General Secretary.
He said that the opposition has increasingly fueled the protests of the Sengbhalang and they have a close relationship with the Sengbhalang. He said that he has not said anything on the ILP and now suddenly when he is no longer in power this issue has arisen to demand the implementation of the ILP.
Therefore, due to the lack of respect or appreciation of the MDA government for this scheme, it has affected those who have suffered such tragic incidents.
Speaking to reporters after the inspection, Samla Saiñborlin Syiemlieh, said that the Seng came to inspect the PHC after receiving many complaints from the people. The union has found out the facts, because on that day the doctor in charge of the PHC was not present at all and said that according to the information received by the union that the doctor used to come only twice. times a day on Tuesdays and Fridays.
According to a statement sent by the Election Committee appointed by the CEC of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), to hold the XV (15th) election to the KSU for the term of office. person 2023–2026.
This is the punishment for those who refuse to wear masks, which is a law that requires everyone to follow, in order to prevent the spread of the corona virus.
The warning was issued on 14 May.
When asked how the letter reached him , the Rangbah Shnong of Laitumkhrah said that in fact , in the past few days , before receiving information about the letter , he was in Delhi because he had a son He was shocked to hear the news from Bah Samuel Jyrwa, former President of the KSU, who phoned him.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has said that it has found that there is corruption in two government departments in West Khasi Hills District.
The signs now show that the work of the Holy Spirit is nearing completion,requiring believers to worship in Spirit and in truth.
Not only that, at the Speakers' Conference of India, held in Haryana in 2008, when I spoke on Article 10 of the Constitution of India, many Speakers did not understand. .
For example, only for the mystery work, when carrying out any of the heavier jobs, foreigners have to be brought in because of the difficulties faced by the young people who have been trained to work even in these jobs.
This method of counting is not wrong because it corresponds to the birth of women where the ancients used to say 'kha dapbnai pura' which they counted for 280 days and is biologically correct.
First, Conrad held a meeting with 13 political parties including the KSU, FKJGP and others and after that he held a meeting with 12 political parties including the HYC, HANM and others.
According to a letter sent by the Secretariat, the Parliament Building is designed to accommodate 888 members of the Lok Sabha Chamber and 300 members of the Rajya Sabha Chamber.
On this occasion, the Meghalaya TMC has shown a strong turnout of people from all over the constituency, from the rural areas. We are now in trouble and it is more difficult to reach that goal and many of us have to work or do any of our own jobs just to survive because The hope of getting a government job has come to an end with many problems.
The cycle of love in life and death has continued for centuries and describes the heritage that continues to live in love on earth.
There are also those who dare to speak against us as a nation.
“Because of the age of the dam, there are parts where the waste has entered due to the flow of water and also there are parts that have been damaged.
The lawyer said the Supreme Court has fixed the date for hearing the PILs against CAA 2019 on 22nd July
The Sumo was heading from Nongthliew, East Khasi Hills District to Nongpoh, but when it reached Jyntru, they encountered the incident. Unfortunately, they were hit by a Baleno which was driving fast and ran from side to side on the NH-6 and collided in front of the Sumo. The injuries were reported to the occupants of the Sumo.
in lane phone and whatsapp at 9863097754 /
He said that the appointment of Cabinet members will be completed within 24-48 hours.
Agriculture is perhaps one of the ways to develop especially in these times when new farming methods have been introduced, which can produce more crops in the mountains. more plants and fruits.
This bridge is one of the largest, among the many bridges in the area built by the members of the Tourism Promoters Trekking Society (TPTS).
However, these leaders have a clear knowledge of these issues, which are directly related to the Corporation.
Shylla said the party will contest from more than 30 constituencies.
There is no point in shouting every time to protect the environment, but behind the scenes, he who speaks with his mouth also shouts with his ears.
He will arrive (in Shillong) tonight and after that we will sit down to discuss.
Banerjee in his speech expressed his satisfaction that the students have been able to complete their part despite the difficulties they faced due to their examination.
After discussing the matter, the Union together with the Sengbhalang, although they have not yet taken any decision regarding the construction of these factories in Shahlang, A Joint Action Committee (JAC) has been set up for this purpose.
The awareness campaign on Ayushman Bhava was launched by Dr Brighstar Langbang, Block Development Officer, Thadlaskein C&RD Block, West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday at Ummulong CHC in the presence of Dr. Marshall Lamare, Block Medical Officer, Kong Acquilla M. Lamin Block Program Manager, Medical Officers, members of Village Health Councils in Thadlaskein Block and health workers and others.
Rupang has tried to get information from the Muslim religious leaders in the state about these strange people, but it was learned that they are people who came from abroad for the Muslim religious ceremony which has been going on for a while. for several months which is also the fasting known as Ramadan.
There are many laws in the House which are set out in the Rule and Procedure and Conduct of Business 2018 which is up to 115 pages.
Nongpoh, June 04: The Deputy Commissioner (Ex), Ri-Bhoi District Nongpoh, under Sec 52 (1) of the ME Act, has ordered all IMFL Retail shops Shops, Bars, Outstills, Canteens and others in Ri-Bhoi District will be closed on the 7th of this month due to Good Friday.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Mawsynram Mandal together with the BJP East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday visited Ryngku to explain the grounds for the party's stand. the MLA elections in
Hyderabad, Naitung 16 : Indian Super League champions Hyderabad FC have signed defender Alex Saji on a multi-year contract starting next season. come.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, said that Assam is deeply concerned about the use of force by Assam in the border villages, as Assam does not hesitate to harass the people living on the border. They don't develop from Meghalaya, but from Assam they forcibly occupy and illegally occupy even the land of Meghalaya.
The tournament will be organized by the Yogasana Sports Association and will be held at the State Central Library, Shillong.
Meanwhile, former Chairman of the Regional Committee, Bah Renikton L Tongkhar, said that these nine villages which have not submitted a letter to the Committee will know their feelings when they meet face to face.
Shillong: While a Maruti Swift was running around Sangshong village on Thursday morning, March 22, 2021, a Maruti Swift car with a The vehicle (ML 05 S 5029) collided with a truck on the Shillong-Nongstoiñ road near the Tirot Singh Memorial Civil Hospital in Mairang.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The SSA U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 was held at the MFA Turf Polo Ground on Thursday.
Jowai, Nailar 09 : Mookyndur FC today qualified for the final of the 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy 2nd Division Football League Cum Knockout Tournament. (WJDSA).
Now, when they have received the opportunities, even those who are not from the Syiem or Minister clan, they have decided to become MYNTRI TYNGSHOP as someone says.
Sikki Reddy and Arathi Sara Sunil also qualified for the tournament by beating Lauren Lam & Paula Lynn Cao Hok 21-15, 15-21, 21-1 Krishna Prasad Garaga-Vishnu Goud Panjala lost 16-21, 14-21 to Indonesia; Muhammad Shohibul Fikri and Bagas Maulana while MR Arjun-Dhruv Kapila lost 21-17, 18-21, 11-21 to Japan;  Akira Koga and Taichi Saito in the first round of the tournament.
What is more surprising is that the Government of Manipur has not recognized the Khasi as an ethnic group despite being an ethnic group in Meghalaya which is one of the five ethnic states of the North Eastern Region of India.
According to the documents, the department has spent more than T.550 crore to fight against Covid-19 in the State.
They lodged a complaint with the Superintendent of Police, West Garo Hills on 3rd March.
The President of Alpha Omega Christian Mahasangh, Ashish Shinde, has sent a complaint to the Shivaji Nagar Police Station in Beed against the book which also contains another author of the same book.
He said the film industry is an industry that can provide employment to the residents of the State.
Meanwhile, Bah P.Kharpuri said that he has sent a letter and has also spoken by phone with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Matsiewdor War Nongbri, to withdraw the proposal. Matsiewdor War promised to arrange and look into this matter if the health department approves.
“Other parties can talk nonsense especially the new parties, but if they talk no matter what happened in the past years, many new parties have already emerged but have disappeared,” he said. said.
Hep replied. At that moment, my father came out while they were sitting.
The final match will be played between Lumparing SC from East Khasi Hills and Ïaipyrshang from Eastern West Khasi Hills at the Mission Mairang Stadium.
However, in these busy days when many of us are busy with our jobs, parents lose this opportunity to care for and spend time with them.
Adelbert Nongrum: Who is the authority? Who is involved? They should not be involved in the law, they should not be involved in small inquiries, they should be involved in large inquiries that are independent, they should be involved in a strong inquiry or even a CBI inquiry.
KHADC has set up revenue collection gates in Majai, South West Khasi Hills and recently in Baniun, Upper Shillong where money has been collected from vehicles carrying goods. Through this area, from vehicles carrying stone, shyiap and even vehicles carrying rice.
Due to the uncertain situation in Manipur due to ethnic tensions between the people of the state and the Meitei people, the Chief Minister of Manipur has convened another meeting today to find out what happened. long ba man on the return of students.
“It will also advise the government on various approaches on how to implement the policy to bring about changes in schools and higher education in accordance with the guidelines of the National Education Policy (NEP). ) 2020" said Rakkam.
Three Maoist militants were shot dead by security forces during a raid in Abujhmad area of ​​Kanker district of Chhattisgarh on Sunday morning.
The court also fined them T.5000 each and ordered them to pay compensation of T.300,000 lakh to the relatives of the victim.
Sun's first film was 'Khunswet ba shempap' a Khasi film which has been a success in the past few years and his last film was 'Ieit ha ban da' bit'.
In addition, the District Council and the Government should no longer recognize the words LYNGDOH and SYIEM as the names of the Kur and Jait but should recognize these words as the rank of Nongshynshar in the Raid or Hima. the heritage of mankind shall not remain in darkness and gloom.
The Office of the District Agriculture Officer will collect the census in all the villages within the district in collaboration with government officials of various departments within the district.
Shillong: “It is a great loss for the UDP party and we cannot believe what we have lost to the chief leader of our party, and not only in the party but for the state as a whole. “There is no one else who can work like me,” said Metbah Lyngdoh, Cabinet Minister of the UDP.
Nongpoh, Lber 06: The MLA of Nongpoh Constituency, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, has appealed to the Chief Minister to expedite the development works in Ri Bhoi District. The border between Assam and Meghalaya has been demarcated in the remaining parts of Ri Bhoi and even in other parts of the border.
Nowadays, this village has not followed the customs and traditions of the past because of the arrival of Christianity in this village, but the signs of the shin appear and the people who tell these stories are still there. today to witness the story of the Syiem of Lapateng, the High Priest of the Myrjoh Kur and the Nongbri.
No problems can be stopped if our youth work hard.
In these days, we have seen reports that the buses purchased for the purpose of transporting school children near the forest of the Inter State Bus Terminal (ISBT) at Mawlai Mawïong have not been able to park. It has not yet been able to convince many parents who send their children to school in Shillong to use these buses also known as STEMS buses.
He was abducted from a workplace in Gasuapara (SGH).
The meeting was attended by the Rangbah Shnong of Nongshken Pyllun, the students of Raid Nongshken Secondary School, teachers and elders.
“It is very sad that the Chief Executive Members of the Sohra Sub Division have called the Hima Dorbar to explain to the government how to implement the government scheme,” said Bah Rowel.
The girl was identified as Daiairi Nongrem, daughter of Playmingstone Byrsat and Daïahunlang Nongrem, residents of Mawkhlam Nongpyndeng. Anderson Higher Secondary School Nongstoiñ.
The HNLC also alleged that the ILP is in the plan of the Indian government and does not want to implement it, because if it is brought to the National Assembly, it is like eating beef in a plate. If they want to implement it peacefully, they can, said the statement. In a statement, the HNLC said that There is confidence in the UN and if the UN can intervene in Syria, East Timor, South Sudan, Kosovo, why can't it intervene in this country as well.
He said that at present, nothing can be said about the statement of the various groups.
Meghalaya has reached the final round of the tournament and the players are ready for the tournament.
In Panjab and Haryana, the farmers are those who have completed their education in agriculture.
Elon Musk, the world's richest man, has ended his marriage to Grimes, his wife and singer.
When the game started slowly in the first half, Shining scored the first goal in the 11th minute after taking the ball from the crossbar. right.
A team of 10 male and female cyclists from Meghalaya participated in the tournament and brought fame to the state by winning 10 medals in various categories.
The CEOs from the states to hold the elections explained about their information activities and other activities to ensure the stability and strength of the electoral roll in all the Assembly constituencies of their states.
He said that if the army provides land, it will facilitate the movement of the people and the government can build fly overs.
Nongpoh: U Conrad K. Sangma, on Tuesday visited Byrnihat to attend the SHG Mega Event and also to inaugurate the roads and Mawnongrim for the construction of the Multi Facility Center. Byrnihat PHC will soon be upgraded to CHC. Byrnihat PHC will be upgraded to CHC in the next few months, said Conrad K. Sangma.
The album, which contains seven songs, will be in Khasi, English, Hindi, Garo and Jaintia.
The people are now more intelligent, more intelligent and more intelligent than the MLAs/MDCs because what is happening in many places and around the world, they have seen and known from side to side.
“This may lead the BJP to think that if there is only one election at a time in the country, it can benefit them because they can bring up issues that can affect the country. the feelings of the voters at the same time and it will be of benefit to them".
He said that all those present at the meeting were from the HSPDP, but now all of them will support Bah Bobby to defeat the HSPDP. got 7000 votes.
The arrested were identified as Ujagar Chowdhry (45) from Bihar and Prasenjit Devnath (23) from Tripura.
“I have received information on the allegation that the injured in the accident at NEIGRIHMS have not been treated and in this regard, I have requested a report from the Director of this hospital,” she said. Amparen.
Therefore, the JHADC urges the State Government to look into this issue so that the State Government and District Councils will not lose revenue from the mining of coal.
Speaking at the ceremony held at the UDP office, some of these leaders expressed their satisfaction that it has taken more than 50 years for someone to recognize the dedication of their bodies and souls to the UDP. There is no hill state protest.
Even in this age of intellectual development, there are still mistakes in speaking and writing the Khasi language, even in announcing by the DIPR government, including other media, social-electronic media. .
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Nojorki, MLA of the area, expressed his happiness to open this POP which the people have been waiting for for more than 28 years. it will bring many benefits in relation to the peace and order of the people as well as those villages near the border.
“The transportation of coal will start after the issuance of a certificate by the Deputy Commissioner that the transportation of coal will be allowed from the 17th to the 31st of this month and after that no more coal will be transported.
This dance is a sign of thanksgiving of mankind to God the Creator for the blessings He has bestowed upon mankind.
In addition, according to Rule 11 of the Council Service Rule 1981, the appointment shall be by public announcement or advertisement as well as the examination and personal interview, for the purpose of appointment of Grade-IV employees. However, according to the findings of the three parties, the former EC has violated the Council Act.
Speaking further, he urged the parents and caregivers to take proper care of their children if anyone has been abused and lost their rights to come to the JHDS office for assistance as much as possible. power.
However, the students of the state decided not to leave because only they were allowed to go home and not all the students from the North East and as a sign of solidarity the students from the state I didn't go to university.
The wild donkeys can no longer attack Christ, so they attack the people who follow Him. This attack on Christians around the world is not the first or the last time.
East Khasi Hills has the highest number of candidates with 116 candidates, including 102 males and 14 females, while West Garo Hills has 65 male candidates. and 4 female candidates.
After Sanjeev's tweet, many others asked, "Why, will they get married?" and another asked, "Is it right?"
The road has been constructed by the Japan International Corporation Agency (JICA) at a cost of Rs 1,600 crore.
The Unitarian Church Jowai together with other Unitarian Churches in Khasi, Jaintia, Ri Bhoi and Karbi Anglong celebrated its 50th Anniversary.
Wasa United SCC, which represented the state in the Hero Futsal Club Championship, beat Telongjam FC 8-2 at the KD Jadhav Indoor Stadium, Delhi on Monday.
This is why we have taken the decision to seek a response from the Government of India.
When asked whether the demand for the appointment of teachers could affect the powers of the School Managing Committees, Bah Shadap said that the subject of education belongs to the state government. The Government has no problem in removing any rule affecting the School Managing Committees.
Shillong: After the Central Government issued an order to ban and eliminate plastic in all parts of the market in India, the District Councils in collaboration with the The office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, has been able to stop the use of plastic in the markets in Shillong especially in the market.
The incident is very serious and these government departments have been directed to take strong action and arrest those involved in this illegal act.
When inquired from the senior doctors, they did not receive any information because they said that no one had informed them that there was a meeting and some said that it may be only the Executive Committee. many other government doctors do not know.
The three days Shad Suk Mynsiem was held annually by the Seng Khasi Seng Kmie at Madan Shad in Weiking, Jaiaw as a sign of thanksgiving to God for the blessings of the Seng Khasi Seng Kmie. he gave it to the son of man.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, congratulated Shanbor Langstang and his friends for producing this music video, and encouraged them to continue to improve. At the same time, u Bah Kyrmen, urged all the people to share this music video 'Style; Shanbor Langstang said that this initiative is a good example for the youth of the area.
The 17-year-old, who was awaiting his matric results, had gone to the valley with two friends to swim but one of them drowned.
The meeting was held on Saturday last month at Rambrai Market to explain to the Village Authorities of Rambrai area on the rules and regulations of the Khadar in the villages and in the Hima. Because as it is now, many of the people have been left in the dark about the Khadar rules after they have been involved in the mushlia by the government authorities.
Thus the root of all evil is the love of money.
Speaking at the meeting, a youth from Umkiang village, Bah Kynjaimon Amse, said that the current quota is biased and said that it should be renewed and 80 percent should be set. for the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo.
“However, the election among these four candidates will be after consultation with the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma,” he said, adding that the election will be for the chairperson only.
Iskarland Nongsiej, Chairman of the Union, said that at the meeting, all the distributors of rice have unanimously decided that if the wholesalers do not deliver the rice to the distribution centres, they will stop selling until they arrange something else. .
In any home there may be quarrels and quarrels between father and mother because of mistakes and shortcomings between them.
The source said that a 42-year-old woman who was close to the family has tested positive and is already in the quarantine centre.
Meghnath Subba, 48, of Mawhati, Ri Bhoi, was taken to NEIGRIHMS Hospital, Shillong.
The selfishness of the citizens will not bring peace and order in the state.
Shillong, Nailar 14: The Shillong Sports Association Under-20 Football League 2023 was held on Tuesday at the SSA Stadium First Ground, Polo.
He said that the government should not have examined the contractors before they are employed, because if it doesn't employ the contractors who want to get jobs but don't have the money to pay the contractors, it doesn't matter. Faithful.
This decision was taken at a meeting of the Hima Mylliem led by Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem and the Rangbah Shnongs of the Hima.
Shillong: Rev Dr JF Jyrwa has just published his new book.
The state has many opportunities that can be carried forward to develop a sustainable economy.
The order was issued on the 8th of this month and released to the media on Tuesday.
Banjop Nongkhlaw (51-54kg) lost to Mohammed Bilal of Telangana by knockout in the first round. He won the 67-71kg light middleweight category.
Shillong: U DP Working President Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the party has not yet discussed whether to allow NPP candidate Pyniaid Sing Syiem for the upcoming elections. half a year in Mawrynkneng.
In the letter, according to NDTV, which broadcast live today, Dr Mukul Sangma has written to Sonia Gandhi to inform her that there are many Congress leaders in the state. Himanta Biswa Sarma, former Congress leader in Assam, who has joined the BJP, has met with Himanta Biswa Sarma, former Congress leader Dr. DD Lapang. The Congress leaders also met with BJP National General Secretary Ram Madhav.
This is the order issued by UT Ranjit Singh, Commissioner (Home).
“On the part of the members of the Union, we strongly condemn the COE of Nehu for not taking action and the VC for not coming to see how our university is doing.
The program will be broadcast on Doordarshan, DD National News and on the PMO, MyGov website.
Shillong, June 10: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) North Khasi Hills District today condemned the blockade of voters by the Karbi People's Liberation Tiger (KPLT) on Tuesday. Block II, where they have not been able to elect their Speaker to the Lok Sabha.
At the same time, the Minister urged the complainants to bring evidence if any regarding their allegations so that the Department can take the necessary action or even lodge a complaint against the employees. the Department or Police auxiliary patrol.
“The working method of MRDS is clean even a person who doesn't know A, B knows government schemes through MRDS. to improve the income of the rural areas.
Therefore, if possible, please complete it as soon as possible as it is urgently needed and so that the sick can benefit in terms of health.
The first meeting was held with the Rangbah Shnongs, Sordars and Sirdars involved in the route for the Sohra International Half Marathon from Laitsohpliah to Mawsmai (21km) which is the same route as the race. and passed last year.
This is not an easy task.
Run by doctors who have passed from Christian Medical College (CMC) Vellore, the hospital has now become the best hospital in Garo Hills.
The CEO said that the police have done whatever is necessary to ensure that the election will be smooth and peaceful. Police Force (CAPF) will patrol around the polling stations in Shillong Parliamentary constituency and 18 personnel will patrol in Tura Lok Sabha constituency.
The speakers on this occasion unanimously condemned the robbers involved in the case and demanded that the Government should investigate thoroughly and arrest these robbers immediately.
On the other hand, the Government of India has declared the KLO illegal under the provisions of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act.
Barry Keoghan will star in Gladiator 2 where he will play the role of Emperor Gata in the film directed by Ridley Scott.
“We have decided to reject immediately any attempt by the regional committee or the state government to resolve the Psiar-Khanduli sector,” he said. It is clear that Block I and Block II should be discussed in detail as Psiar and Khanduli are also part of Block I. The HBDRF spokesperson said that according to the information received, there has been an attempt by the state government to discuss the issue of Psiar and Khanduli, and if it is true, they want to They made it clear to the government that they strongly oppose this and will not support such decisions taken by the government.
The Kurs of this village are Nianglang, Riangtem, Sohlamar, Tyrsa, Kharbani, Dkhar, Puwein, Swangrey, Rashir, Rongrin, Sangriang, Habiang, Nachugrey, Shiangkata, Nongbak, Kharsnar, Mawlieh, Langsah, Shangdiar. Mangsang, Lyngdoh, Lyngkhoi, Marak, Sohbar, Mawsor, Synshiang, Syiemlieh, Nongkseh and Rynniaw.
The best 35kg Male Female,
Vice President – ​​Kong Chrisming Dkhar.
The court has ordered the Government to release all the outstanding money and revenue collection to the JHADC within six months, and at the same time ordered the JHADC to pay the salaries. of employees within six months.
On the same day, the Seng Longkmie of Mawlong, has honored Iomanly Dkhar, 11 years old from Mawlong Nongtluh, who has done brave deeds by saving his life. They also honored Kong S.Mawphniag, a woman who has served the village through many activities, and the ASHAs. , Aganwadi who have worked hard in the fight against Covid-19 in the village.
Speeches by HYC Raid Nongtung Circle President Hercules Suting, HANM President Pateng Marsing, HNYF Eastern Zone President Samla Josaiah Shadap and others demanded that the government should immediately improve the situation. This road, because it is the most important road and in the past decades, the people have had to pass through this road which is full of snow.
The union alleged that the arrest of the two members was merely an allegation and a police harassment.
Nongpoh: Three members of the Khasi Jaintia Butcher Welfare Association (KJBWA) have been seriously injured after they were attacked by a group of people. Bangladesh is the only country in the world.
Speaking to media after the opening of the Cabinet meeting on Friday, the Prime Minister said that the talks with the HNLC were with a clear mind and the talks were with the HNLC. always be able to reach an agreement and resolve it under constitutional and rules-based negotiations.
Nitesh Singhania has lodged a complaint that on 24th June, robbers have stolen electrical wires from his residence at Jail Road, Shillong while Sabyasachi Mukherjee has lodged a complaint that on 24th June, robbers have stolen electrical wires from his residence at Jail Road, Shillong. The robbers broke into his residence in Oakland, Shillong and stole building materials and a Buddha statue.
Saphira Magdaline Lyngdoh of St Anthony's College, Shillong won the Best Debater Award in the competition. , and Maiong Ancholik College won in the category of Cultural Procession. There were also 46 competitions ranging from sports, culture, There were also special prizes up to Rs.50 lakh including two wheelers, laptops, tablets, mobile phones and prizes. money presented to winners in various categories.
Vivek said that during the investigation by the SIT, these people had seized coal trucks along the road to collect illegal money.
The incident occurred at Phramer, West Jaintia Hills.
There are about 375,000,000 people in India.
The Rangbah Kur who have reached the age of 75 years were also honoured.
The KSU has strongly opposed the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, and should think about the rights of every human being because if the 1.40 crore Hindus from Bangladesh are allowed, the Khasi people and the ethnic groups in the North East will be destroyed. they will be lost.
Shullai said that there are teachers of deficit schools who have not been regularized and this has happened here in Khliehriat.
Police have registered a case against the woman under drug trafficking sections.
Because of this incident, the Ri Bhoi Police and Magistrates have rushed to the area to prevent any tragic incident.
Speaking to media after the meeting with Prestone Tynsong, Charles said that the road from Umsning to Umsiang to Assam has been paved and 40 kilometers have been painted. kilometers is still bad and remains the same.
After India's independence, this symbol of the British Raj, in its transformation, became a symbol of democracy and since then, it has been the residence of the Governors of Meghalaya.
Speaking at the meeting, Sumita Dawra, Additional Secretary, DPIIT, said that this program is one of the milestones that can showcase to the world that even the technology of the present era can become a weapon of choice. They have made it easier to carry even the precious crops like the Lakadong shynrai.
Police have arrested three suspects, Bijay Thapa from Ladnartiang, Banshngaiñ Kupar Khongdup from Umkdait Nongmensong and Dilip Mawlong from Nongmensong.
As the world moves towards security in access to building materials, there has been an increase in krai purchases of 5.4 % in terms of value and 14 % in terms of volume.
The Dorbar Shnong prohibits the consumption of alcoholic beverages such as kyiad and others.
He said that the data obtained from the Agriculture Census has been used in the formulation of new laws and programs related to agriculture.
We must remember that the robbers are just waiting for the wind.
We can ask for help from qualified personnel on how to operate CCTV cameras and repair them if necessary.
Speaking on the Quit India Movement, he said it was the RSS and Hindutva which opposed the QIM and allowed the British government while the IYC troops fought against the British.
“You have your own life, I have my own life, everyone has their own life.
“I'm sick, that's why I came here...” Niakha said. “What's the matter, the children are now, Kong, how are you...” The doctor added. Rida listened and suddenly the crowd flowed from her. the two of them.
The meeting unanimously decided to oppose these projects of the Assam government and also decided to intensify protests if Assam forces them because they are the villagers of the Assam government. this bag.
The tournament was organized by the Indian Blind Football Federation (IBFF).
Remember that by faith in God we shall stand, If we win, we shall win; One day we shall win, We shall win, by working together we shall win.
Our achievement in receiving the ODOP award for our outstanding performance in marketing, Geographic Indication (GI) and others.
The Chief Minister said that the newly constructed National Highway connecting North Bengal and Lum Garo is expected to serve the people of the region in trade with countries like Bhutan. ,Nepal, North East India and Bangladesh.
On the other hand, the residents of Dainadubi have strongly condemned the police's assault on the woman and demanded that the police and Chodhory should be punished. an.
