At the same time, Bah Chyne also criticized the state government for disrupting the district council as shown by its activities, such as the empowerment of Rangbah Shnongs and other activities.
In Meghalaya, it has been found that the people of Ri Khasi have turned their backs on the ethnic parties, but the pylla has spread too much from Garo Hills, until they cannot stand firm as a nation. .
It was from the Sutnga Hima that the Hima was established and spread throughout the Khasi Hills from the four sons of Li Dakha, including Pung, Lieh, Teng and Lang.
"In the final, Maduh FC beat Thrive FC 3-1 goals, these goals were scored by Terrance Jyrwa (57 & 68 minutes). ) and Wanshwa Sohyun (66 minutes).
He said that not only these villages are suffering, but there are many other villages in the Mawhati area up to Umsiang. Umsning Block, because it has affected the traffic and how much worse the road and traffic.
However, one unit is still producing electricity due to the lack of rainfall in Jaintia Hills in the past few days,” said the government statement.
Participants, after receiving instructions from the ECI through the Internet and Mobile Association of India (IAMAI), will report on the steps they have taken to avoid misuse of their rights.
Chad Sukra was enriched by dances by 16 groups including youth, men and women as well as women.
One will also make it easier for the child to go to school.
The Doloi replied, “Who among us will do such work anymore, because we are the owners of the employers and the suppliers of the goods needed by the factories.
Other objectives he said include the recognition of the Khasi language in Schedule 8, the abolition of the border with Assam and the abolition of the Khalai Act. in these few months.
Speaking to reporters, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said he does not see the need to convene a Special Session on this issue.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government, in consultation with religious leaders, today decided to resume the opening of various religious places from 14th July
“This case will take time to investigate and may take years, but we will try our best to complete the case,” said MJ Marngar.
Shillong, Iaiong 19 : Shillong Police today arrested two persons and seized Herion worth T.24 lakh from them. the Scooty you use.
He said that the achievement of Aatmanirbhara Bharat will come only when we elect 'Vocal for Local'
On the other hand, Bah Adelbert asked whether the government will take action on this issue before it becomes a redlight area.
On this occasion, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, In-charge of Parliamentary Affairs, Prestone Tynsong, said that please don't act or produce the drama. but the spirit is emotional.
The EE of MePDCL has requested those who own Bolero Camper 4×4 with Commercial Registration Numbers which have not been registered after 01/July/2 They can apply and the office will pay a rent of 22,500 and they have their own terms and conditions that the office will arrange and approve.
We must respect the laws of the authorities for the good of the country in our lives. Only prayers and personal preparations are the last days as it is written in the Bible. .
In the race, Verstappen also managed to turn his car forward and overtake Mercedes star Lewis Hamilton when Kevin Magnussen went to collide with him. His vehicle to the well where the lyngkhot-lyngkhai fell on the playing field and the game was temporarily suspended.
Members of the party, including its president Peter J Lawai, Robert Kharjahrin General Secretary, Donbok Kharlyngdoh, Nickson Dohling and others, were arrested. pla kad and were ready to leave the place and turn straight to the prime minister's house.
He said that Meghalaya, which has a 443 km long border with Bangladesh, has faced many problems from the influx of foreigners especially insurgents from the North East.
Furthermore, the union expressed its surprise at the inability of the government authorities to remove the Border Security Force (BSF) troops, who used to patrol the National Highway in Sonapur. The border guards should be in the forest areas to protect and prevent the entry of foreigners from other countries, but they have been deployed and patrolling the national highway without any purpose. Therefore, the union urges the government to send these border guards to patrol the forest areas on the border with Bangladesh, not to bring them to urban areas or national roads. highway, to disrupt the traffic of relatives and to intimidate women and children.
The Shillong Sports Association (BSA) has announced that the U-20 Fourth Division Football League 2023 will start from the 3rd of November at the Polo Ground.
Shillong, Naitung 17 : The President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Federation (HNYF), Bah Sadon Blah on Monday said that the demand of ACHIK to make Tura the capital of Tlang is unacceptable.
A lot of people think, but they don't," he said.
The Hima Nongstoin alone has paid 11 lakh.
Dr. C. Warjri, BDO Bhoirymbong C&RD Block, has expressed his gratitude to the people of Bhoirymbong C&RD Block for their willingness to participate in the injection. The example shown by the people of this village has also become an example to other people in different villages, both within the district and the state as a whole.
The Union of Shnongs of Jaintia Hills (SWSRJ) on the 11th of this month held a public meeting at the Community Hall Khliehriat West, East Jaintia Hills District to discuss the issue of ration, health, employment opportunities and In the dorbar, the union has decided to send a letter to the Deputy Commissioners of the two districts to request them to resolve the issues faced by the people regarding the ration and delay. to issue ration cards to the public.
If the members do not agree with the answer, they can also ask questions in the Dorbar as in the Assembly and Parliament.
Meanwhile, the Village Leaders of Jowai under the banner of the Synjuk Waheh Chnong Jowai have also announced a protest tomorrow to protest against the government's decision to remove the garbage from Iawmusiang, Jowai.
Many millions of Gentiles believe in the Son of God and are saved spiritually.
The prisoner who escaped was identified as Ramesh Dkhar of Mihmyntdu and another prisoner who did not participate in the incident was identified as Rikmenlang Lamare of Barato.
They include Mangsang Mari Apal UP School in the U-14 category and Okkapara Secondary School in the Under-17 category.
Shillong, Nailur 7: The Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO) has alleged that about 140 people have been arrested for violating the NGT order. Out of these 140 applicants, there are also saipan who are wealthy traders in Shillong and there are also foreigners and non-tribals.
On 26.07.2021, six Assam policemen were shot dead in a raid on the Mizoram border at Vairangte village in the Khasi-Pnar village.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has said that Hamas militants have entered the homes of citizens of his country to kill them and killed hundreds of youths who took part in the one festival.
Before laying the flowers at the Syntu Ksiar Monument of Kiang Nangbah, a prayer was offered.
On employment, he said the government cannot provide all the jobs, but it is the government's responsibility to introduce policies and support in the employment sector.
I never thought she would say that! Go back 28 years.
Furthermore, Meghalaya is a state where 90 per cent of its students study in private or non-government colleges.
Shillong, July 6 : The Minister in charge of Public Health Engineering (PHE), Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar today said that the PHE department will complete the project by November to supply water to 5.32 lakh households. as part of the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) scheme.
This has affected the income and livelihood of the people.
The National Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) Championship will be held in Shillong on Saturday and Sunday at the Laban SC Indoor Stadium.
This is according to a statement sent by Dr. Bremly WB Lyngdoh, son of Bah Eric Bremly.
Children who rule together with their parents are disciplined and before doing anything wrong, they think twice because when they get home they have to answer because they don't have a place to hide. However, in many households where there is no cooperation between the mother and father, if the father asks, the mother answers as well as if the parents ask, the parents answer clearly and clearly.
HSPDP President KP Pangniang has said that the alliance with the United Democratic Party (UDP) in the RDA is still strong. to have a joint candidate of the RDA, and informed that another meeting is scheduled for the 7th of November.
He said that they should listen to what these scientists explain on the mining plan and the methods of mining coal according to science and if their explanation is not in accordance with the United Khasi Jaintia Hills Regulation The Forum will not accept it.
Satan's hatred is only for the Jews because in Ukraine there are Jews, or Israel.
Meanwhile, independent MLA Akhil Gogoi and CPI(M) MLA Manukjan Talukdar have jointly supported the opposition to punish the Maharashtra legislator.
Social/ political/ sports/ entertainment/ academic/ cultural/ religious functions and other large congregations.
There is the residence of the President and his family, there are several large halls including the Dorbar Hall and the Ashoka Hall, there are the bedrooms of the officials and the heads of state. Other countries have many office rooms, there are residences for the President's guards, there are residences for the office staff and servants of the President, there are other rooms. There are places where the President's office is kept and reserved for horses, there is a large flower garden, there are walking areas for the President and officials and headquarters working in the house and office of the President, sports grounds, there are tall and wide stairs, wide and wide roads, there are also long and wide balconies up to 2 kilometers, the there are statues of ancient heroes such as Lord Buddha dating back to 500 BC and others.
He said that the complaint to the PHE department is on the reason why the people of the area are suffering from water shortage when the world knows and witnesses Mawsynram as the rainiest village in the world. .
“I don't see that this issue will affect the peace and order in the state, but the police have taken action to look into this issue,” he said.
Khliehriat, July 10: The residents of the border areas are waiting for the government to issue a work order for the construction of the 39.594 kilometer border road from Borghat to Sonapur Road. tenders will be opened from 3rd June 2022.
Finally, the party would like to inform the public that the party cooperates with the decisions of the High Courts of India and the guidelines of the Government of India by agreeing that the Covid vaccination should be by free will and not by force or threats.
Shish ! Who told you that there is a God? I have spent many years looking for that God whom you say I have never found where he lives.
“We will have to meet the Deputy Commissioner of the District to urge him to take action to resolve this issue and to call for talks with all those involved to resolve this issue,” said Edystone.
Bidhuri's remarks have drawn strong condemnation from members of the opposition against the BJP leader from South Delhi.
Shillong: Four resigned MLAs today joined the United Democratic Party (UDP) to become candidates for the upcoming elections in June.
Marwein said that the party's actions have left the party in shock and without a leader even though the party has won a new MLA in the mid-term elections. dep that
He said that besides him, only Jesus deserves the title of Revd.
In this fourth edition, more English words that are not commonly used in English dictionaries such as selfie, ipad, iphone, ipod, cellphone, smartphone, soft copy, etc. have been added. words that are more difficult to understand in English.
“The demand to hand over the ILP to the government is that the ILP should come first to strengthen the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873,” said KSU General Secretary Auguster Jyrwa. on Saturday.
Shillong: In a petition sent to the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, the Hynniewtrep Territory Organization (HITO) has expressed its deep concern over the availability of ventilators for the Covid-19 patients. who have suffered severely during this time of fighting against Coronavirus in the state.
Hector Marwein is the highest ranking officer in the state after PS Thangkhiew, former Chief Secretary.
Jowai, March 20: Police in Jowai on Tuesday found a body but no one has come to work on it.
Police Circle Inspector BN Marak of Tura did not act in accordance with the law and acted only on feelings without proving the claims of the political parties involved in the torture of the 12 women, the Commission said.
The 1st term exam will be held on the 20th of this month and will end on the 29th of the same month.
At the same time, Bah Wahlang said that the new factory will be operational soon as all the equipment has been tested.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Lambok Marngar said that the purpose of the competition is to encourage the youth of the jaidbynriew to showcase their singing talents through these competitions. The presence of the pioneers to showcase the talents of the youth will encourage them to continue to work hard to move forward and stand up in other big competitions that can bring fame and glory. The Khasi community, which is a small paid community, should continue to grow like other communities in India.
Those who should have been appointed as district ministers should have offices in the districts and MLAs should have offices in their constituencies, Shivakumar told the party MLAs.
We also express our gratitude to the Government of Meghalaya for being willing to accept this golden opportunity.
Speaking on the occasion, Them Ïew Mawlong was the land of the Kur, Bah Kynta said that perhaps at that time, the Syiem of Mylliem, when he gave it to the Government, used to lead on behalf of the Kur. .
The party also sent a strong statement to the MR of Assam that he should investigate the fact that these land belong to the state before he speaks in the Legislative Assembly of Assam. His claim to the land within the border of Meghalaya will mislead other leaders in the Assam Legislative Assembly.
But the only thing that monetizes more is love.
Nongpoh: Police of Ri-Bhoi District, last night, seized 10 grams of heroin worth T.75 lakh from two persons who tried to rob shalan beaiñ with one motorcycle.
Around the border villages of Assam and Meghalaya there was heavy rain and cold.
Ukraine's SBU security services on Sunday identified a Ukrainian soldier who was abducted and shot dead by Russian troops.
Kudengrim has a beautiful valley on the Lamar River and a two-storey bridge.
Please let me know if you you didn’t mind ...how this covid19 can spread within a minute to many citizens? And why doesn’t it show his symptoms immediately ??.
On the other hand, Bah Jame Sohbar Sordar of Shallang Sohbar A, while talking to reporters, said that while he was at home, he saw the smoke coming from the place where the house is located. He went to the house and found that the house had burnt down but due to the intensity of the fire nothing could be done and as of now in Shallang there were no vehicles. put out the fire.
KHNAM also commented on the speech of the Minister of Food and Civil Supplies, the Minister of Social Welfare, the General Manager of the Food Corporation of India (FCI), where the way of speaking differs from one another.
Williamnagar Police have seized 120 SIM cards belonging to various companies.
“We have decided to appoint Dr BP Todi, the AAG chief, as the Advocate General,” said Dr Mukul Sangma. evening.
Fourth, the thoughts will be judged (Mt 15:19).
The body was taken away by the Assam Police. The investigation to find out who was involved in the incident is ongoing and also the investigation to identify the woman.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 7: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) West Khasi Hills District Unit has re-elected its office bearers for the year 2023-26 at a meeting held at Bishop Hall, New Nongstoin on Saturday.
She added that these days many youths who have completed various degrees and have to stay at home due to lack of jobs, but if there are such “The youth should take advantage of the training opportunities because whatever we do is valuable and we can support ourselves,” she added.
With the participation of the State Tourism Department, Lajong will be able to continue to bring honor and encouragement to the talented children in the state.
The topics to be discussed were the issue of transportation of dewbilat from dewbilat factories in Jaintia Hills, transportation of dewbilat clinker.
They conducted a thorough investigation and the suspect admitted that he is from Nongkasen.
It has appointed slaves who do not understand the languages ​​we speak.
While they were talking after the exam, there was only one friend who came and said, “Ri, look, if I love Panah, I'll be married to my mother.
Shillong: The State Government has directed all the owners and residents of seven villages in Shillong to register themselves under the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act, 2016 (MRSSA).
The names of the persons entered in their registers shall be kept properly recorded, so that at any time necessary they shall have to submit them.
After the election, the Congress, which came first with 21 seats, could not form a government due to the lack of cooperation among the ethnic parties.
What surprised the union was the lodgement of a complaint by the victims even though they (the victims) have clarified that they have not lodged any complaint.
In total, 25 teams will participate in this tournament," he added.
Wahlang said that the elephants do not stay in the same place and they walk for kilometers in search of food and it is impossible to predict their movements. There is also a tragic incident for the people when the donkeys pass through the area where there are no people.
“There is a great danger to Jowai city,” said Moonlight, “because of the actions of the current leaders who have destroyed various government offices. the houses of the people shall be taken away.
The fire started from 6:00 pm to 9:00 pm, as these hours are the working hours when all the longings are busy with the cleaning and other activities. to ensure the schooling of their children and before they go to their own jobs.
Speaking to media, Bah Paul said the government has seen the decision of the HNLC to withdraw from the ongoing peace talks only through the media, but it has not. don believe anything you have written to the government yet.
Shillong: “Man has known, the world has become wise, to give two khoh to the same person is impossible, to carry from front or behind and to throw hajuh is not possible”. Speaking to reporters after the filing of nomination papers, Egenstar Kurklang, the UDP candidate from Nongkrem, said that the The post of MLA and MDC is their own responsibility and should not be contested.
According to police sources, the raid was carried out after receiving a tip from the intelligence agencies that there were about 5 or 6 GNLA members in the camp.
Christina said that that night when she went to ask him whether he had thought carefully about his desire to divorce her, he said that he had not changed. He decided to run away from her and this angered her and it was at that time that she took out a small gun and shot him while he was sleeping on the bed. go and talk.
She said that we have been living in this village for many decades without any land dispute but what is surprising is that the MeECL department has come out to work. The owners of the land after the government plans to build a road through these villages.
He said that the union has made it clear to the Director that NEIGRIHMS should not outsource these jobs to agencies or outsourcing agencies from Meghalaya.
He said the goal is not to forget to save lives.
It is impossible to mention the protests of various civil society organizations on many issues but these too have not affected the people because the leaders of the civil society organizations also think and see far because they have See how many people have been affected in the past years and how they are starting to recover again this year.
In the presence of Yaw, the Syiem said that the government did not receive any laws and regulations.
The athletics team of the State failed to win a medal in the 67th National School Games 2024 which came to an end at Patliputra Sports Complex, Kankarbagh, Patna.
Ahidul after getting a rifle ran away and fled the scene.
Post Name:- Inspector of HousingNo of posts:- 5Department:- Housing Department.
Earlier, the Congress had announced the name of Lambok Nongrang, the HSPDP Alexander Kharsyntiew, while the BJP may announce the name of Counselor Wahlang.
Gujurat has the second highest number of deaths with 719, followed by Madhya Pradesh with 258, West Bengal with 250, Delhi with 168 and Rajasthan with Uttar Pradesh has 123 cases, Tamil Nadu has 84 cases and Andhra Pradesh has
Conrad said the runway of Baljek Airport will also be expanded and discussions with the Airport Authority of India are ongoing in this regard.
The Minister said that the Government is taking this issue seriously and there will be a Cabinet meeting to discuss this.
He said that there are six Khasi Himas (Jaintiapur, Khyrim, Sohra, Langrin, Nongspung and Nongstoin).
However, their mental strength does not allow them to live a public lifestyle.
The completion of the construction and maintenance of the maternity ward will take some time and once completed, the maternity hospital will be accepted, said a government statement from the department.
It is for these reasons that it is very painful for us especially in Khasi-Jaintia if we continue to elect legislators who are not fully literate and who do not understand how to make laws.
Speaking to reporters, PS Lyngdoh Marshilong said that members of the Assembly Committee on Environment, visited Rwiang to inspect the work of the copper factory in Rwiang and visited Shallang. to inspect the coal mining factories.
The people of RK, when I compare them in the past 15-20 years, in the years when I was in charge of the Elaka in the District Council, when I was an MDC for 31 years, now I see that they have They have grown a lot in their intelligence and understanding, and they have faced many difficulties in the backwardness of their constituency.
Bernard mentioned many issues ranging from the free acquisition of land to the people, the allocation of land and the allocation of land to the army.
Before the union agreed to repair these tree bridges, many people had thrown garbage in the area where there is a tree bridge. The KSU Nongtyngur Unit has started to understand and no one has come to destroy and destroy the wooden bridge which has been repaired and maintained by the KSU Nongtyngur Unit.
The newly opened Guest House is located on an area of ​​1780.56 SqM and will provide accommodation and facilities for meetings.
The High Court said this while refusing to send another inquiry into the death of Sub-Inspector Pearlystone J Marbaniang in 2015 in Patharkhmah, Ri-Bhoi.
Furthermore, their traditional belief in righteousness and equality has illuminated the whole country.
He said that it is difficult to know the danger of uranium, if you look at it with your eyes because it is like a stone that is found everywhere, but only by measuring radiation. ) that you don't have a shisha and you can't understand it.
When he was admitted to the hospital, doctors injected him with 3 drips and 28 thyrnia injections due to the severity of the disease. He said that he was not well but the doctor of the hospital, Dr. Egnasius Ryntathiang, forcibly sent him out. When he asked for the report of the hospital, he said that the doctor told him to go and ask the police. .
K.Bansal, Principal Star Public School, Dilip Kumar, students, teachers and principals from other schools.
In the demarcation of Block I & II, the Karbi Anglongs have no right to challenge Block I & II and only the Khasi Jaintia people can challenge the demarcation of Block I & II between Meghalaya and Assam.
The tournament was sponsored by the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs of the State Government.
Shillong, Lber 13: U Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, the new MLA of Nongkrem, while speaking at the awarding ceremony of Kynton Village Council, Nongkrem, on Tuesday said that the time has come for the people of the state to use more electricity. the power of knowledge and the power of understanding to protect the country and the nation.
There are 40 warehouses which can purchase the liquor produced from these factories and deliver it to liquor vendors across the state for sale to consumers.
The Minister also launched the song 'Environment Day' 2022 and the NRM Mascot and distributed the State NRM Award to the villages under the NRM Committee.
Shylla said.
The KHADC has appointed Pynshngaiñ Nongbet in Ri-Bhoi and Felix Kharpuri in East Khasi Hills to assist the Enforcement Department in checking the licenses of foreign workers. the 5% of the license fee revenue.
The Additional SP of East Jaintia Hills, Bah Banraplang Jyrwa, said that at about 6 pm, a vehicle (AS-01S-4669) was heading from Silchar, Assam to Khliehriat. , was arrested at Damcherra, Umkiang.
She explained to these clothes vendors that the deadline of the District Administration has been 10 days from 29th July
In East Garo Hills, 3 cases have been confirmed.
Shillong, Nailar 17: The Selection Examination for Private Students for the Matriculation Examination will be held on the 14th of this month. The deadline for submission of applications to the Centers is the 26th of this month.
The Meghalaya Billiards and Snooker State Championship 2023 will be held from the 21st to the 29th of this month at Shillong Club Ltd.
This block also has the lowest number of vaccinated children, with most of the children aged 2-5 years having not yet received measles vaccination. Rubella vaccine for once or twice.
However, after more than two years of teaching at the school, the former President of India passed away today, the day he came to teach the students of the school.
Kenedy said the Association supports the Government and the State Police who have worked hard to eradicate such thefts of fuel and strongly condemns any violence by them. Police said the North East Petroleum Workers Union (NEPMU) has been arrested.
The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) has expressed its deep concern over the increase in the price of beverages in the state.
To promote Bamphalar, support artists and promote Pnar literature.
The report said that the two JEs did not comply with the order of the BDO because he did not give them a written notice.
“Work from the heart, work with a smile, a smile is the cure for the disease” urged the Minister to the staff of Laitlyngkot PHC. He said that during his tenure as MLA, he has visited the PHC twice and met with the staff to discuss the problems faced by the PHC. there is.
Speaking to media, the spokesperson of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, Bah Marcus Lapasap, said that this was discovered through RTI in Nongpoh on 15th November
The Barato Police Outpost is surrounded by Saitsama OP in the North, Jowai PS in the East, Raliang OP in the South and Nartiang Police Station in the West.
Because the building of the Third Temple will be the end of climax.
If God does not call us His children, then we are children of Satan.
Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu will play against Dongmihsngi at 1:30 pm while Pynthor Youth Social Welfare will play against Mynthong at 3 pm.
We must read carefully and analyze the principles of the Party, that is, the ideologies and principles according to the manifesto of the Party.
Raising a question, the Umsning MLA said that whenever there is a lynshop whether it is a fire or a damage to property, the first to receive the complaint are the Dr Celestine suggested to the Government to release the funds from the allocation allocated to the MLAs, the SRPW/SUWP, because if you wait for assistance, from the Government through the DC or BDO office is more timely and for those families who have been completely destroyed, it is not possible that even after a year they have not received a house to live in.
On the other hand, the union does not allow a non-Khasi to work at DMHO Lower Lachumiere, but they want to appoint and employ their own brothers and sisters, because many of the youth do not need them. to the world.
Speaking to media, MTOSA General Secretary Bah Justin Phawa said that the purpose of the meeting was to request for the reduction or lifting of the fine for delay. to pay the renewal fee of T.10,000 per day for trucks.
Conrad Sangma said the MDA government has taken great care to promote tourism and said, “Shen your village will get a road to connect with Sohkha, Dawki and other neighboring villages to attract tourists. ".
Various schools in the area including Wahnongkseh Upper Primary School, Laitnongkseh Upper Primary School and Mawkahiar Secondary School took part in the event.
Raising a question on the increasing number of Bangladeshis smuggling stone from Majai, Bah Ban said it is regrettable that the KHADC does not know about this when there are hundreds and thousands of Bangladeshis. they had stolen from the area.
There are 6 cases in North Garo Hills, 85 cases in Ri Bhoi, 3 cases in Erpakon Cluster, 5 cases in Iewmawlong Cluster, 15 cases in ILI, 12 cases in Langsaw Cluster, 15 cases in Mawpun Kyrdem. 3, Umjapung Cluster 7, Umkaduh Cluster 2, Umsaitsning Cluster 4, Warmawsaw Cluster
From Patharkhmah to Diang, it is about 5 KM.
Delhi Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia today said the Delhi government has announced two days to commemorate Dikshit.
Stefanos Tsitsipas also reached the same round after defeating Denis Shapovalov 6-3, 6-2; Casper Ruud defeated Francisco Cerúndolo 7-6 (5), 6-3
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, HYC President Roy Kupar Synrem said, “We request you to issue a statement. sufficient weight for the purpose of sending the letter under your direction.
He said that if Rahul had written to the son of a poor family, he would have become the Prime Minister of the country, who knows? “I wonder why he didn't marry a Dalit woman,” Ramdev said.
This situation has put the youth in great danger and fear and this has reached the point where they have to be vigilant not only to get themselves but also to take care of their brothers and sisters. Family members will be affected by this disaster which the world is also struggling to fight against.
Regarding the Inspection Bungalow, Bah Coming One Ymbon, congratulated the leaders of the Raid Nongtluh, for their willingness to donate the land to the government to set up the house. leave government officials.
Israel has used surveillance cameras to enter the hospital and search for the abductees.
“This is at a time when such a party (VPP) was formed in Meghalaya which tried to mislead the people by saying that the jaidbynriew has been in the darkness and no longer exists. you're right.
Dr HH Mohrmen, Secretary of SURE in his speech, said that he was pleased to be able to collaborate with Grassroot to provide this training to the farmers in Khliehtyrchi.
He said that these four vehicles from Bhoi will travel to different places including Patharkhmah to Shillong, Nongpoh to Umshaken, Mawlasnai to Shillong and Mawbsein to Shillong.
¢Do not store flammable appliances such as LPG, Petrol and others inside areas with electrical wires.
“When we look at the uniforms worn by the HITO, we don't see that they look like Police Uniforms because there are no batches or marks on the uniforms that match the Police Uniforms. Section 105 of the Meghalaya Police Act 2010 is also wrong,” said the statement.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has elected Bah Teinwel Dkhar MDC from Shella as CEM of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
He said the Government under the CM-Elevate has provided 50% subsidy to the units to set up pig, goat and cattle farms.
Speaking to reporters, KAS President Dr.DRL Nonglait said, “We have decided to request the Central Government through the Ministry of Home Affairs to take action to introduce the Official Bill in the next Session of Parliament as this will be the way forward for the inclusion of the Khasi Language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
They urged the government to relocate and stop the JMB from dumping garbage in the area as it is against the feelings of the people.
Shillong, July 22: A girl has been raped by seven boys under the age of 16 years.
Commenting on the removal of the banners by the KSU, Thabah said, “It is surprising that in some areas where we live, the government is fighting to remove the banners and This is surprising to us when only the banners are removed, while other groups who are not from our community have removed the banners in Khyndai Lad but no one has removed them and they last for months. Your mar syn wah, mar syn weng.
In this way, these banks will be able to open their branches in rural areas so that farmers can come and go and deal with these banks in an easy and orderly manner.
The Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District, Bah Chemphang Syrti on Tuesday explained about the escape of the police from Lapangap on Saturday.
She said that worldwide, the number of deaths from TB per day has risen to 4400 and the number of TB cases per day has reached 30,0
But turn to God who is ready to receive such, who have fallen into pride because of wisdom, because of self-conceit, because of wealth, no matter if the world has rejected , but God seeketh such, and loveth the poor of the world.
Participants have until 30th June 2020 to fill out the form and submit their videos.
“If there is a shortage of staff, they should inform the party, because we can hire our own people,” said Bah Sparli.
This has affected the income of others as they can no longer generate income to pay to MUDA and to pay the increasing fuel bills, vehicle maintenance bills and to pay the salaries of employees such as drivers and handymen.
She also sought permission from the New Nongstoiñ Village to hold a public meeting at the market, but the Dorbar Shnong refused.
The Sordar Shnong of Patharkhmah, Bah Najim Kharmali, has said that the MLA of Jirang has not done anything about the work. He was also accused of collecting Dulir from the Hima and handing them over to the Government. He was also accused of doing this. boundaries without the knowledge of the Hima and the people.
For Tura, many Congress MLAs want to contest with the Leader of the Opposition Dr. Mukul Sangma and he said that talks within the Congress to contest with Dr. Mukul Sangma are ongoing.
The ambulance was donated by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma through the Chief Minister's Special Development Fund (CMSDF) for the year 2023-2
Tynsong said the department will implement the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972 to protect wildlife.
The farmers will be allowed to repay their loans after three months from today.
All these can be seen in the Seventh Schedule of the Constitution.
The JSU said that what is more regrettable is that the JHADC has collected Forest Tax, Revenue and Service Tax and other taxes including stamp duty and taxes almost every day. Professional Tax has been collected 100 times a year, but the surprising thing is that this money of the council has been wasted without proper accounting and the CEM should not account for this loss of money. Taxes and Revenue have been collected from the daily taxes until the salaries of employees and MDCs cannot be paid.
Instead of resolving this issue by calling for a table of discussion and consultation, the Vice Chancellor and his supporters have turned against the employees by counting even the salary they should receive. “It's because they took part in the protest,” said Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
It is understood that the government will appoint Bah Pius as chairman of the department soon after the arrival of the Chief Minister from Delhi, Conrad K Sangma.
According to the order issued by the District Magistrate of East Jaintia Hills District, it is prohibited to mine coal, it is prohibited to trade coal without Chalans, necessary documents and licenses from the relevant authorities. watch.
The Dorbar was also inaugurated by CP Mawkon ADC in the presence of Lakador Syiem Commandant of 4th MLP Battalion, T.Diengngan BDO Nongstoin C&RD Block, officers from various government departments. elders and the general public.
The 2nd leg semifinal will be played on the 1st of April between Jalaphet Bri Sumer vs Latyrke at 12.00 pm and Lamyrsiang vs Mulait United FC at 2.00 pm.
T.70 thousand and T.30 thousand.
Newly passed engineers are struggling to find jobs in this factory.
In the first innings, no batsmen were able to score, due to the failure of Senggamchi to take one wicket after another.
“If the Mizos are willing, the Nagas are willing to show force when there is a threat to their livelihoods, why don't we dare because we haven't raised those brave leaders to do so.
Dr SS Nongbri I/c of ​​Blood Bank, Jowai gave an explanation on the method of blood donation so that the people should not be afraid or discouraged because before the doctors donate blood from anyone they have to Various examinations such as age 18 years and above, blood pressure, weight of 45 kilos or more, hemoglobin of 12.5 g/dl and good health and others. 350ml per person.
Explaining further, the Minister said that if three people come in one vehicle from Assam and reach Mawiong, they will have to take one vehicle to travel around Shillong.
He said that the disease initially acts as a swelling and later the patients get ringworm in the hands and feet, so they find it difficult to treat the people who have the disease.
Sohra received 3.6mm of rainfall while Shillong and Umiam received no rainfall, according to the India Meteorological Department.
An earthquake measuring 5.3 on the Richter scale struck Meghalaya on Saturday night at 11.08 PM. The epicenter of the earthquake was 30km from Bishnupur, Manipur, India. The epicenter of the earthquake was about 28 km.
# P.W.9.
These casual workers of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare in Ri Bhoi District, who have come out to protest for their rights, have demanded that the state government should implement the Meghalaya Regular Casual Workers. Schemes (MRCW) 1996, an Act which states that any casual workers who have worked for more than 10 years, have the right to be employed full time, no longer to be counted as contract workers. Casual workers.
kilos of rice and 4 kilos of dai were distributed to each household.
On the other hand, Himanta said the BJP will contest in all 60 constituencies in Meghalaya without the need to make alliances with other parties.
Keep your hands clean and sanitized regularly.
According to the list of names, the four stadiums that have been targeted by the federation are Hyderabad, Kolkata, Mohali and Mumbai. stadium in Delhi.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday agreed to set up a single Executive Committee in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). .
On the other hand, the Dorbar Shnong has warned against anyone who comes to trade or work without the knowledge of the Shnong until the State Government announces and informs otherwise.
The celebration of the Anti-Drug Day was also concluded with the distribution of prizes to the winners of various competitions and the swearing-in ceremony to take responsibility for the fight against and eradication of drug trafficking. Drugs are one of the alcoholic beverages that affect not only the drinkers but also the family and society.
The incident occurred at 12:30 pm on July 7, 2022 when the shop belonging to Bah Ismingstar Kharhari of Mawten village, South West Khasi Hills District was burnt down. The fire destroyed all the goods inside the shop including rice, wood, buskit, water and other items. he thmu didn't sell it.
Before the Hindi Education Act, the Svamitva dress was sent from Delhi to the Meghalaya government to allow foreigners to dig land in 6846 villages in Meghalaya and to stay for up to five years. , to take counts from drones flying in the air and send information back to the countryside to collect these survey workers.
Your decision shall be final as authorized by the Acts.
Debnath has been handed over to the Income Tax authorities for investigation.
Amber Heard, has been in great distress these days, after she lost her case against her ex-husband, Johnny Depp; However, yesterday, a new proposal came to the girl and that is, a man from Saudi Arabia, offered to marry her.
Speaking to Mawphor, PDF President and Minister of Agriculture and Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said, “This sudden order by the Transport Department has affected the people of the state. Therefore, young people who are involved in this activity.
“This picture shows that there was no bomb blast,” he said.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Shemphang Marbaniang Vice President WKHDU urged the youth to avoid bad habits such as eating and drinking which destroy the body especially the youth who like to smoke. He reminded that although this disease has been spreading for several years, the youth are shining in their own talents like Tirot Singh. Likewise, young people must fight against the darkness of their lives.
Lajong continued to play strongly and in the 61st minute, Shano Tariang scored the fourth goal in the 61st minute.
During the elections, the candidates deceive and mislead the farmers but when they win and are in government they don't care about the farmers anymore.
According to Bah Sohphoh, the Council has done this after many foreigners who do business to earn money in this area without proper documents and this has deprived the KHADC of money because they do not have proper documents. did not pay taxes.
Therefore, as the days go by, the number of vehicles has increased and this has created a lot of problems when going up and down even the village roads and highways are filled with vehicles until there are traffic jams. you don't have to wait for hours to get there.
In 1765, the East India Company became a neighbour, a tributary of the Jaintia Hills through the authority of the Diwani of Bengal granted by the Mughal Emperor, Shah Alam.
Besides, the hard work of coaches like Alex Amrose, Thomas Dennerby and Suren Chhetri, has encouraged the players.
The rivers and streams have turned into sohpdung ei due to the actions of the people who have lost the spirit of self-confidence and when we investigate the reasons, we see that the people do not appreciate the environment. clean and pure nature.
The union demanded that the government through the Electricity Department should explain the advantages and disadvantages before installing the Smart Meter.
Former Sordar Shnong of Mawrusyiar, Bah S.Phrelington Dkhar, who is also the Rangbah Shnong of Mawrusyiar, said that from 2020, two contractors have been working on the project. They have stopped the building and according to his information, the government has not paid the money to them.
Shillong: The JAC of Nongkrem constituency led by Bah Lambor Malngiang, MLA Nongkrem constituency, today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to demand the establishment of a community & Rural Development Block in Nongkrem Village.
The Meghalaya State Electricity Regulatory Commission (MSERC) has increased the electricity tariff from 1st June, 2014 to 31st October, 2015 by 15 percent.
Since 2022, the BSF has seized up to 225 kilograms of human blood smuggled to Bangladesh.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, together with Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly, today met with Nirmala Sitharaman, Minister of Finance, Government of India, to ask for assistance. Minister, for various projects of the State Government, called “Special Central Assistance”.
The SP asked them why they don't oppose the fete or even the lympung and synod meetings because there are many people at these meetings.
In the meeting, many of them expressed their desire to send Dr Jemino Mawthoh to Delhi as MP Rajya Sabha.
On 6th March, the Chief Minister of Goa, Dr Pramod Sawant and members of the State Sports Minister said that Goa has made history through the 37th National Games. The record has been set in 43 sporting disciplines this year.
In this regard, the Income Tax (IT) Department has conducted raids in many places in Tamil Nadu.
Several experts including Larika Challam, Senior Scientist KVK, JHDS Director Father Manbha Pakem, JHDS Coordinator Denis Kurkalang and other guests were also present.
Dr Mukul, who has met him since 1993, said that Dr Donkupar is a good man.
Sharing advice :– There are many prevention tips that you can follow to achieve a healthy body.
Bah Warlarpih said the union has expressed the need for regular examination of cows and ear cleaning to ensure their health and to curb smuggling to Bangladesh.
He said that the government's desire to be proud of all the works it does, has led to things that the people don't like if it comes to the signing of MoU with the Assam government or the desire to complete the construction quickly. the new legislature.
A driver of the 3rd MLP Battalion (1st IRBN) Sahbsein district has died after his truck collided with another vehicle at Sohryngkham village.
Mikaya R Marak, a student of Class-XI at Dalu Government Higher Secondary School, said, “As a young student, we have faced many challenges to speak in front of the public and to talk to the authorities.
Shillong: After the FKJGP Sohryngkham Circle has been upgraded to a Unit, the new office bearers of the Unit have once again upgraded the Unit to a Circle. four units in the village.
During the inspection, it was also seen that the shops which Khasi filmmakers together with the police had closed down for the theft of Khasi films and songs, have now reopened. The leader of the filmmakers said that it is their duty to ban the smuggling of Khasi films and it is not their duty to close shops.
They also demanded that the government should provide kudam in every market to avoid the loss of farmers.
The ECI has already issued the rules on what is allowed and what is not allowed for the election.
Kharshiing said that if the Jan Lok Pal Bill is passed in the country, the system of governance in the country will be clean and transparent from the smallest to the largest government department.
On the same day, the Cinchona Sport Club also distributed prizes to the winners of the men's category, where Monas Bongrung won the first prize. In the women's category, the winners were Filinza Hansepi, Barisha Khamdeit and Julina Bongrung.
We have a few places that are available,” said Generous.
After the government did not believe in their protest, the CCIB leaders have decided to hold a mass rally at the Secretariat on the 28th of this month from Motphran to Secretariat.
On the other hand, the JNV has urged the government officials especially the Power Minister to look into this issue as it affects everyone from government offices that use computers, factories, Banks and especially those who open schools and students.
Just 'busy' causes a lot of evil thoughts.
Therefore, we as the TRAI Shnong of Umlyngka Village request you to please write their village of origin and mention that they are the residents of Umlyngka, not to write that they live in Umlyngka.
and from Jerusalem, and from Judaea, and from Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth, shall be preached the gospel of the kingdom” (Acts 1:8).
During the protest, there was a clash with the Police at all the border areas of the states to reach Delhi.
However, it is important to understand that no single food is obviously bad- but what is more important is the food that includes many nutrients and the timing of your consumption.
Meghalaya in the past few months has issued an order ban ban the import of fish from outside the State after the inspection of fish from all districts of the State showed that there is The widespread use of formalin in fish is a poisonous substance that has serious health consequences.
Jowai, Jymmang 24: The authorities of West Jaintia Hills (Meghalaya) and West Karbi Anglong District (Assam) today held another peace meeting between the two ethnic groups, the Pnar and the Karbi. This is the second meeting between the two communities after the Karbi community failed to take a decision at the first meeting of the Assam BOP in Khanduli WJHD. It was held on the 16th of this month.
Noting that the district level disaster management plans have received clarifications from the Deputy Commissioners, Goyal said these include resource mapping, requirements available in the field of disaster management plans. strength and equipment among others.
The Speaker said that Sun, when he speaks in the House, has with him many facts, which he has prepared and there are many cases, that the government ministers, do not have. knowledge, but Mr. Sun knows.
Under the leadership of Samla Everjoy Nongpluh as President and Samla Amberlight Masharing, Working President, the organization with the participation of the members was able to conclude this game for the school children of this area in the midst of a rich programme. They also distributed prizes to the schools that won the three-day sports tournament at Madan Kurakalang, Bhoirymbong in Ri Bhoi.
Dil Bechara is based on the 2014 Hollywood film The Fault In Our Stars.
Especially will we not have enough water to drink.
Now they were in their own land of Israel, they built, they built, they planted, they buried, and it became a mighty kingdom of Israel in all respects.
When investigating, police found that these people had been staying in Shillong in a guest house for two days and they had been visiting the shop for these days.
the World did not recognize him nor would they accept him.
The total number of cases so far has risen to 324, 46 have recovered, 276 are still undergoing treatment and 242 in East Khasi Hills.
In terms of income, technical jobs must be matched with capacity building, skills development, blockchain technology, artificial intelligence, and supply chain shortages – which is a list of he was good.
Not only that, the Association has announced that it will also honor the Hima rulers from the Syiems who have been involved in winning and promoting the decision of the Supreme Court to recognize the right to land.
Those people who already have high blood pressure, diabetes, hypertension are more likely to be infected with COVID
In the second semi-final, Laitmawhing beat Kyrphei SC 2-0. The first goal for Laitmawhing was scored by Kyrphei's Pyntngen Kharshandi in the 60th minute. Slat Kharshiing scored the second goal in the 67th minute.
The Congress, which has 78 MLAs, has lost power in the state and now what the political leaders are watching is the decision of the JD(S), led by HD. Devegowda, former Prime Minister of India, which has 38 members.
He said the NPF is the only political party that stands firm on the basis of the welfare of the Naga people.
At present, drugs have started to spread even to the rural areas these days.
New Delhi: Trinamool Congress MP Mahua Moitra has resigned from the Ethics Panel meeting on charges of taking money during questions in Parliament.
How can it happen to them, on Eid, it is on Sunday,” said Owaisi.
If this can be done, it means the victory of the fight against drugs.
At this meeting, all the speakers including the President of UDP Mylliem, President Women's Wing Mylliem and also the leaders of Nangthehsei expressed their gratitude for this good pass.
“We have enough candidates from Laban-Mawprem, Sohiong-Nongspung and Mairang and we will announce them soon,” said Bah David.
The construction of the new factory at Riwiang, West Khasi Hills, also known as M/S MD Ferro Alloys, without holding a public hearing, has led to the construction of the newly established factory at Riwiang, West Khasi Hills. The HYC has not opposed the proposal.
The ILP and the Meghalaya Resident Safety Act, the entry and exit points will be changed.
They also said that if these government ministers cannot say anything for the life and death of the Jaitbynriew in Jaintia Hills, they should resign and if they do not do so, the party has put They threatened that this visit of the party is only a temporary visit of the party and if these Ministers do not say anything on the recruitment, the party when it comes again will bring equipment and tar to fight against these Ministers because they don't care about the people.
Heroin packed in 25 boxes of soap worth Rs 2.1 crore, 3720 Nitrazepam Tablets and a mobile phone were seized from him.
The police who arrest drug traffickers should not only punish them according to the law, but should expand their work by creating ways to interact with the people involved in this case.
Speaking on the occasion, the Dy.CEM of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, said that the appointment of the Paiem as the Syiem of Sohra Hima, is after the EC has not found that the Syiem has not given the appointment. patta to foreigners and it is not that he has done it alone.
He said that the company does not think about the residents who go to the dispensary to get medicines from the company's dispensary, where the residents have to pay money when they go to get medicines from the dispensary. Like other companies in the district, there are dispensaries and when people go to buy medicines they don't charge money while the Amrit company doesn't allow them and those who buy medicines have to pay. always pay in cash.
The HNLC said that it does not accept the word of surrender and from now on, the HNLC will make it clear that it will work in the areas where there are foreigners. I am from the Khasi Hills.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 18: The District Election Officer (DEO) of West Khasi Hills District, West Khasi Hills District, West Khasi Hills District has appointed a free and fair counting of votes for the upcoming Legislative Assembly elections. Garod LSN Dykes (IAS), in accordance with the powers conferred upon him under Section 135 C of the RP Act 1951, has declared a day of liquor ban across the district from 4 pm to 25 pm on the 25th of this month. 4 pm on 27 June 2023.
Remember, too, what the wise say.
Her native village is Pynursla, but she has stayed in Shillong even though she is still very good at speaking.
She thanked the Ramakrishna Mission for its services to the community.
Besides the coal, the government will auction the coal and 10% of the price of 10 tonnes will be given to Coal India Ltd, 20% to NGT and 20% to coal. The land allocated by the government and 10% to the DMR department which is the royalty and the income of the owner of the coal will be 50% of the sale price and this money will be paid by the government to the owners of the coal. Therefore, the coal miners cannot be deceived anymore because the coal miners are now educated and not like 20 years ago when most of the coal miners are uneducated. understand in knowledge.
Of the 100 species of tit that grow, most of them are not clean, so we should check the tit before taking it home to cook because there may be slight differences in shape and color. They, the titles that we don't know, we shouldn't take home at all.
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, has enforced Section 144 CrPC in the district, which has strictly prohibited illegal coal trucks passing through Ri Bhoi District.
Revelation 20:5
Not only that, how many things can be cultivated in this old age of ours.
Recently, Dharmendra attended the wedding of his brother-in-law, Karan Deol and from there, he wrote a letter to his beloved wife, Hema and daughters. , Esha and Ahanah.
This march will also serve as a sign of expression to other states of India and also to express before the leaders of India the grievances of the coal miners.
Bah Metbah also spoke on the unemployment issue which is one of the most important issues to be discussed in the country and the state.
On the other hand, the union expresses its regret and condemnation for the delay in the arrival of these employees in this office that they have not respected their precious time.
He said that his intention to contest the MP election is to unite all the salonsar especially in the rural areas so that in the next 15 and 20 years the villages will be fully equipped and that and to accomplish that he had his own goal.
The Director of Agriculture, Mrs S Kharsati was the chief guest.
He said that the people are wise and they will judge and make a decision in
The Minister said that this program will be successful if there is the cooperation of the people involved.
But unfortunately, the number of employees in most cases remains the same.
“The end of things” means the end of climax of things on earth, and we are that generation that lives near the end of things.
Trains have been reaching only the north of Dimapur for decades, not like we have here.
Therefore, if the Meghalaya government forcibly moves to Assam, the people will not be able to accept the documents submitted to the government.
We have to surprise people with other Khang. For our own Lehniam we have to stand up to the Supreme Court.
Similarly, there are many Khasi families, not all of whom, the husbands and wives do not respect their husbands or wives, which has led to the loss of children.
Shillong: The HNYF Southern Riwar Circle has received many complaints that there is illegal smuggling of rice to Bangladesh through the villages in the Dawki area. Lyngkhat, Pyrdiwah, Dawki Bakur, Riahjalong, Dhar village and Muktapur.
According to the department, Gondla and Keylong received 9.2 and 4 cm of rainfall respectively.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has decided who will be given the ticket for the upcoming MDC elections from Malki-Laitkumkrah, as there are three candidates who have applied for tickets.
Heimonmi Synnah's mother, Aimaiya Synnah, said that she is happy to see that her son, although not involved, can write and wants to become a doctor.
Revelation 1:3
He also accused the Clean Politics of doing it only during the elections to raise money for themselves to win the elections and when they win they don't want to help the people by saying that they don't have school fees, to help the poor but As a fellow human being when the poor are in need, it is your duty to help them because serving your fellow human beings is the same as serving God.
In the final, Padu United FC 'A' beat Padu United FC 'B' 1-0
LPS, Pohmusiang UPS SSA, Jowai and Panaliar UPS SSA and the elders of Seinraij Jowai.
The purpose of these meetings, which will be held in the future, is to raise awareness among the people of the country on the urgent need for change in the country and the nation.
Conrad also paid tribute to his brother, James Sangma, as a dedicated leader, who has worked not only for his constituency but for the state as a whole. He also thanked the people of Dadenggre constituency for their trust in him.
The union demanded that the NHAI should immediately start the construction of this road for the safety of the passengers.
Shillong, March 8: The MDC election 2014 has come to an end and in a few months the candidates will be ready to go to their constituencies and to ask for votes. from the public.
They have 36 demands out of which three fall under the state government and 33 fall under the GVK which runs the EMRI in the state.
“Education is no longer just for government jobs but it should lead the way to stand on your own feet,” he said.
The Wankhede in Mumbai has completed its works to renovate the entire stadium ahead of the India-Australia ODIs this month. Recently, after the residents complained about the lack of facilities in the outlets, the cleanliness has not been maintained at the famous stadium.
The best source of income and opportunity at such times is that of clothing and food shops which people strive to adapt according to the festive season to feel more appropriate or relevant.
The Handball Federation of India (HFI) and the Handball Association of India (HAI) in the presence of Indian Olympic Association Chief Executive Officer PT Usha have decided to Digvijay Chautala has been elected as the new leader of HAI. The three groups have also decided to work together to promote the sport. as part of their cooperation for the improvement and development of this sport in India as a whole.
There have been reports that the Indian government may not grant ILP to Meghalaya as decided by the State Legislative Assembly. The Citizenship Amendment Act 2019 has been implemented and the state has been included in the Sixth Schedule.
These villages which fall under the Raid Nongtung of Hima Khyrim in Block II, Ri Bhoi District are Sabuda, Jatalong, Madan Umwang, Khlieh Umwang, Umlaper, Laru, Umtlieh, Umma, Umru, Umshadktad, Umtlieh, Umtrshing, Umtrshing, Umsa Lumdorbar, Mawsladieng and Imsohlaper.
The Governor of Assam has taken over as the Governor of Meghalaya after President Pranab Mukherjee accepted the resignation letter of V. Shanmuganathan following allegations against him.
He said that regarding the demand for the implementation of the ILP in the state, the Congress while it was in power under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma from the Inner Line Permit came. Therefore, the law should be passed so that foreigners can come and live in peace and no one can disturb them.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: Police have recovered 30 IED bombs planted by the GNLA on a village road in East Garo Hills.
Therefore, this treatment was first conducted in the village where he lives in Mawphlang.
“Whether we are confident or not, when it is our duty to fight, we have to fight, the fight is fierce as we saw yesterday, but it is the actions of the chairman that has dissolved the Executive Committee,” he said. he said to Teinwel.
The Federation of Khasi States (FKS), the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) and the East Jaintia National Council (EJNC) have sent their condolences to the family of Bah HS Shylla who passed away on Thursday. .
The reason for the shock was that the venue of the meeting was very narrow and it was not allowed for them to enter the meeting because it was held only in a small classroom at the school. and there was a sound so that those who could not enter could hear.
Keatings said he was pleased that these two Deputy Commissioners should inspect and explain the boundary of the two districts.
In the second half, the match was equally strong in which both the teams had the lead and also had chances to score but the match was equal. Mawkawah, which had taken the lead by 1 goal, could not score and Mawliehbah could not turn the tide.
Before the match, a short meeting was conducted by Ma Kitbok Khonglah, EC Member of Sohkha Village Everlasting Sports Club.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said, “During the meeting, the Cabinet also decided to reform the working methods of MeECL and the three departments of Meghalaya Power. MePDGCL, MEPDCL and MePTCL shall fall under the supervision and supervision of the full-time CMD.
They cannot themselves and do not allow others.
The Minister of Agriculture said that the farmers themselves want these drugs from abroad.
The SPC also wants Bah Ardent to clarify whether the VPP expects only information and news that supports and promotes the VPP or whether the VPP expects only those people who fall under the VPP. a list of these allegations by him (the buyer) that they will collect the news of the VPP from now on.
Before the start of the competition, there was also a thanksgiving ceremony by the elder Rgh Skor Jala. Members of the Apphira Archery Committee, while the meeting was conducted by Rgh Paia B Synrem.
Mairang Constituency is a constituency where Tirot Singh, Phan Nonglait and other heroes have been involved in many fields especially for the development of the Jaidbynriew. it has declined in all respects because of the lack of true leaders.
“This publication of the name of Thangraiñ Village inside the Dorbar House and in the media has brought shame to the village,” said the Waheh Shnong, Pyrkhatbhami.
Manipur police in the past few days have arrested four retired state government officers for involvement – ​​in corruption cases involving it does not steal land titles as well as misuse of government funds.
He said that even the Prime Minister of India when he goes abroad for meetings speaks in his own language.
On the other hand, Zoramthanga urged N Biren Singh to bring together various departments of the state to end the violence in Manipur.
:In the past two years, the production of wine in Meghalaya has increased after the Government of Meghalaya has legalized the production of wine from soh.
The State Government has borrowed Rs 10,000 crore while it has illegally earned Rs 10,000 crore.
Now at this time, we shall speak and discuss about – Unbelief in the Word, which comes from God, which He purposed from eternity, to fulfill According to the purpose which He purposed to fulfill.
He said that the construction of roads is his duty as a leader and he will fight as much as he can to find ways and means to improve the needs of the Mairang Constituency.
“The Muslim fertility rate will continue in this way, as long as they live in poverty.
It says that if any Khasi woman marries a foreigner, she will lose her Khasi (Schedule Tribe) status.
She also spoke about smart classrooms and the use of technology to improve education.
The residents through the Waheh Shnong of Psiar Village expressed their gratitude to Mr. Nehimaya Tyngkan for his kindness and generosity to improve the road which we have suffered so much to travel. They expressed that they are no longer happy to repay him with money but we will try to find other ways to repay him especially in his journey and purpose.
“We welcome the development of Ialong, we are not against Ialong but we demand that Panaliar, Jowai should also have the needs of Ialong. the people".
Nongpoh: Pastor MS Shadap and his relatives from Pahamlapong, Ri-Bhoi District, have sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of Pahamlapong, Ri-Bhoi District, to request them to take action to release him. Their son, Ryngkat Ipa Shylla, has been arrested in Kolasib district of Mizoram after he was arrested while following a truck carrying foodstuffs. to be delivered to this state.
“If 80% will be implemented in Garo Hills, only Garo will get it because no Khasi and Jaintia living in Garo Hills have applied and 80% in Khasi Hills will be the same only if there are no Garo applicants.
The lack of salary for six months has affected the households to the point that even to pay the school fees, the children have faced difficulties even to provide food for their families. too.
He said the implementation of the ILP will also be one of the issues that the BJP will put in the party's Manifesto.
The day was also filled with songs and participation by the public and school children in various programs such as training on water conservation and drinking wells.
Replying to the demand of these groups, the VC said he had already explained the grounds for the appointment of Rohit Prasad at a media meeting this month. past.
Nongpoh, March 25: The residents of Umdap area from FKJGP Shakhoikuna Circle, CoRP 20mer Circle today came out to repair the road from 20 mer, Shakhoikuna and so on. to Umdap, because of the negligence of the government for many decades which has caused a lot of trouble to the tourists especially in case of illness.
Assam today reported 133 new cases of Covid-19, bringing the total number of cases to 5,3
These are just a few examples of how religion is important in politics.
The family members were informed to come and collect the body.
He said that the loss of some villages in the boundary demarcation in the first phase was due to the residents of those villages but now to prevent the loss of these villages they have He came to meet with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah today.
The making of this special cake involves the mixing of soh, budam, musli musla, wan and ngap brought specially from Sohra.
Another complaint of the people is that they don't use to elect parties anymore because as soon as the elections end, the regional parties have turned into national parties and the national parties act as regional parties.
For example, he mentioned what shocked the Garo people to see that Dama was painted on parts of the wells in Chanmari, Ringre and Araimail and the style of painting was not appropriate.
In the second semi final of the women's category, Mukhla Grassroot Center beat Moosachram Government LP School 1-0
In Nongjri, we met with the Rangbah Shnong Mighter Marwein and two youths, Mandilos Nongbri and Bilishon Puwein, the Rangbah Kur Hosting Marwein and others.
The state has just celebrated its 50th Anniversary or the Golden Jubilee of the Independence of Meghalaya.
Bah Tanbor is a recognized singer by All India Radio and has produced several collections of songs, including one that has sung at major public events in the state and the region.
More than 3000 tourists have been stranded across the state.
The Federation of Traditional Dorbars (FTD) has been introduced by the KHADC recently to speak out and fight for the protection of the rights of the Constitution.
When the union inspected, it found that some vehicles had challans.
Kidlee Nongkhlaw of Nongkhyriem took five wickets.
The recipient and the receiver, if they take sting, will become a source of trouble in human life,” said Banisha, who is well married.
On this occasion, Bah Hek visited a fish farm in Cleve Colony which breeds trout which is a different fish that lives in a place where the temperature is colder. The temperature should be below 18 degrees Celsius.
“We are filled with fear because the Syiem knows how to collect only money and the garbage is left for months and spread the day before the market,” said the statement.
The widespread burning of forests, hills and fields has caused a serious threat, because during the dry season, the fire can spread to villages and townships. households, especially in the rural areas.
The Word of God says – “When you were dead in your sins and the uncircumcision of your flesh in the sins of your flesh, God made you alive in Christ Jesus. ALL YOUR SINS, having canceled the written code, with its Regulations, which were against us and which stood against us. stood opposed to us); he took the sin away and nailed it to the Cross.
One of the oldest schools in Ri-Bhoi is Sohlait Secondary School, located in Sohlaitrim village, which is only 5 km from the National Highway. years since its inception in 1954, teachers and school authorities have faced great difficulties in spreading education to the children due to the condition of the school, classrooms, lack of space. Compared to other schools in the urban areas, they have to cover and cover with siej just to avoid the rain.
Tengkam A Sangma, Converson R Marak, Ezekiel Ch Marak, Zico Silcheng G Momin, Farmida R. Marak, Tengkam A. Sangma, Converson R. Marak, Ezekiel Ch.
When the products reach the hands of middlemen, the buyers usually lower the price (except for one or two) of the farmers' products and sell them at a higher or higher price to those who sell pearls in in the marketplace or in the village shops and retailers.
There have been 235 new cases of coronavirus in India, bringing the total number of cases to 2,069 and the death toll to 53, the health ministry said. the Government of India.
The Chief Minister asked the state government, “Who forced the people to take such a tough decision.
He directed the public to follow the guidelines laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and also the management of various organizations, Principals of schools, colleges, Rangbah Shnongs and others to implement the Those who violate the rules will be punished in accordance with the provisions of the Disaster Management Act,
She said that she had been living for a long time.
One example is the Cleve Colony where many of the villagers are wealthy.
When inquired whether they have installed CCTV cameras in their shop, he said that in fact they have installed CCTV cameras but these robbers have taken away all the CCTV cameras. you can save photos and videos or footage.
Please feel sorry for your parents, brothers and sisters, because if you have to go to the High Court and Supreme Court, you have to sell your house and family, and you don't know whether you will be saved or not. spah you phew.
“Most of the time, when the network is turned off, the network is also lost, which has affected the people who used to provide services through the Internet and Mobile Phones,” said the residents.
Bah Rymbui has been in charge of the literacy department for three years but no progress has been seen in this regard.
The word mer means the knowledge of good relationships and behavior..."Ki kher ki mer means a close relationship.
In the third Test in Melbourne, Dhoni announced his retirement from the Test series.
However, it was seen that this style of play has defeated the defenders which led to Langsning scoring the first goal.
The vehicle (ML 05-S-9485) was seized by the Ri Bhoi Police and the arrested driver was identified as Simtekhan Tluanga from Manipur.
The Voice of the People (VPP) led by Bah Ardent M Basaïawmoit on Tuesday visited Kynshi Mawsarong village in Eastern West Khasi Hills to hold a registration meeting for new members. The party aims to strengthen the party for the preparation of the MDC elections in
So far, 1,102 people have recovered from the disease.
In the Under-17 category, Skhemlang Suba (1500 Mts), Primus Ronghi (High Jump), Ladin Penang (High Jump), Rinalis Ingti (High Jump) and Angelina J. Jackson (400 Mts) were the winners.
The Congress leadership in the country has ordered the four party ministers in Jharkhand to hold the monthly Jan Sunwai, which is popular for discussion and discussion.
The RBTEF leaders also informed that this year the group will also hold various festivals like Niangtaser Festival, Pine Apple Festival, Mega Ri-Bhoi Festival and others.
Shillong, July 5: Three robbers dressed in uniform have robbed a shop of Khlorida Wanniang at Dangar Phud village, Balat district on the night of 2nd July at 7 pm.
What encouraged the people of the area was the presence of the two leaders of the area, Bah Titos Chyne, MLA and Bah Donevan Kharwanlang, MDC. Speaking at the meeting, he said that the Sohra area has been affected by the coal mining ban, as the coal mining industry is linked to many activities, it is linked to the MCCL coal mining factory which has about 600 employees and the factory will close down if coal is not available. It is also related to the coal mining. The closure of coal mining has affected the coal miners and coal mine owners. The President of the Coal Traders Association, Bah Thomas, said, “There is no way to support each other. affecting relations between tenants and merchants'.
He said that the state government has taken special measures to provide drinking water to 175 villages using solar pumps.
Because they don't see God when they face suffering, many blame God like Job until God rebuked Job by saying, “Where were you when I created them? the foundation of the earth?" Job 38:4
The Government of Meghalaya on 23rd November 2019 has issued a notification to appoint and extend the Indian Forest Service (IFS) Officer CP Marak as Chairman of the Meghalaya State. Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) from 1st July
Only the politicians are not willing to do this because they have to win elections.
He said that if the road is built from a new location, it will affect the rivers in these areas including the Ummawsew, Wiehlir, Kilon, Pomblang and Monoshah rivers. She said that these rivers are the ones that provide the opportunity for the women to survive.
“U Bah Lapang, former President of the MPCC, doesn't want to hold elections anymore because he knows that the days of the Congress are over and there is no hope anymore. The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Roshan, knows that the Congress party has lost its leadership, how can you expect the people to continue? trust," said Conrad.
Regarding this problem of the people regarding the traffic, in the past few days before the rain, the drivers of commercial vehicles and the villagers have come out to give land only to be long to walk.
Parom says that Syntu is an orphan, whose parents died when she was young.
The border villages with Bangladesh are lagging behind and in recent days, it has been seen that they have to work on their own roads, which are full of hands, in order to make it easier for them to travel. ieng, you're going to go.
Discipline : means discipline, discipline, discipline is the rules and behavior is the personal snap of a person in his walk or standing in society; syndong is to avoid getting involved in anything that is not right and morality is the snap of human beings to tipbriew tipblei, adkar is to avoid things that are not right and to do something that is not right to avoid.
He said that in fact the Dorbar Shnong had met with the SDO in charge of the area at 7Mer, Shillong on 25th November 2019 to inform about this incident but the SDO had informed the Village Authority of Nonglwai. that he has already reported this matter to the authorities.
Agartala: Eleven more people, including seven BSF personnel, have been confirmed with coronavirus in Tripura, bringing the total number of cases to 166, Tripura Chief Minister Biplab Deb said.
Therefore, when there is a change in the environment, we are happy.
At the International Jumping Meeting in Greece, the participation of Indian athletes was equal, with Murali Sreeshankar and Jeswin Aldrin finishing first and second respectively. for the national Long Jump team at the tournament; which is the bronze level of the World Athletics Continental Tour.
“The border areas and land disputes between Assam and Mizoram will be discussed at another meeting,” Bora said.
The Minister of Education, Rakkam A. Sangma, said that the establishment of the National Law University (NLU) will transform the future of education in the state.
“As soon as I learned this kind of work, it was very good to go for help from the government.
“Since the implementation of the Reservation Policy, there has been discrimination against the Khasi and Jaintia people,” said Passah.
The CAA 2019 seriously affects the fundamental principles of the Constitution and thus affects the entire country.
The ANMs who gave their speeches expressed the many challenges they face in their work in the rural areas but with joy and compassion they are doing their job properly which is part of helping the social welfare in relation to the birth of poor women who need their help at any time, even in the middle of the night, even in the rainy or cold weather they are ready to help.
Jeremiah Mukhim scored 44 runs and Ryngkhlem 20 runs and remained not out.
For example, Bah Pyniaid came to the Special Session of the KHADC with two shaka to avoid traffic jam.
Of these 132 students who failed the examination, 67 were from the SSLC and 65 were from the Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSLC).
Checkgate is not installed.
Manisha Kalyan, after receiving the ball, passed it to Dangmei and the forward didn't have a good chance, but Gokulam scored the first goal from a mistake by Madhusmita Barick. straight.
The Khasi youth are requested to take part and also the public to give their full support to these youths so that the youths can get rid of alcohol and have a healthy body,” said the. KSU Laitumkhrah Unit statement.
Throughout the day, the TMC leaders urged the people of Mawhati to give their full support to the TMC and to elect Dr. Saralin Dorphang in the election. this is the 2023 election.
“The prevalence of the virus among adults in the State is 0.39%, while in the country it is 0.21% – which we understand is higher," she said.
Therefore, the state government has decided not to withhold the salaries of government employees for the month of June.
To date, there are about 73 illegal logging factories operating.
Besides, many of the people or the villagers feel that the efforts to improve the situation are necessary, but there are those who doubt and in general, some feel that the change will not happen immediately and will take time. you are according to the pali.
Ma Shibun Lyngdoh, who has been misunderstood by other political parties, has claimed that the BJP is a Hindu party and the RSS. The BJP is one of the political parties, which is committed to bringing about change without discrimination against any ethnic group. “The BJP's main mission is to bring about change in the development of the people and the income of the people,” he said.
Mairang, March 20: The DC (Election) Office of Eastern West Khasi Hills District today held a meeting with the Sordars, Booth Level Officers, Supervisors and other officers in charge of the elections. elections to discuss the preparations for the 2023 MLA elections.
Nongpoh: The Nongpoh Block Congress Committee (NBCC) today celebrated the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi by holding a friendly football match between the Youths Congress. against the Congress Parent's Body.
There are 10 people involved in spending money for the BJP and these are three people who provide accommodation in Delhi, which is also the BJP office. advertisements, including 'My First Vote for Modi' (T.1.39 crore), 'Bharat Ke Mann Ki Baat' (T.2.24 crore); Nation With Namo, (T.1.28 crore); Another page (T.0.65 crore), named after BJP leader RK Sinha, who is also a former MP, has a page called Security and Intelligence Services (SIS). and when added together, the expenditure of T.10.17 crore brings the total to T.15.81 crore, which is also the highest expenditure.
In the 61st minute, the East Bengal defender failed to catch the ball and Pandita knieh the ball and threw it into the net but Lalchungnunga managed to save before Sawyer. scored the winning goal.
Referring to the special protection for Tripura, the Chairman of NESO said that as a group, they have unanimously decided to demand special protection for Tripura. I am from Tripura.
The suggestion was that this should be released earlier in the school year so that schools can prepare.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, a woman named Shrita Wanniang, resident of Mawkasiang, who came with the group today, said that she too was seriously injured. She said that she did not come from the HYC meeting, but from Laban, but at that time a policeman came and bombed her to three trees. “I tried to talk to him to explain that she was just passing by but he didn't listen and she ran away. “I tried to talk to him, I don't understand that he was speaking in Dkhar. " said Wanniang.
The BYJM will hold a protest tomorrow against the government's decision to allow four buses to operate without paying any tax to the government.
The Principal of North Liberty HSS, Babu Richard B Uriah, also announced the two scholarship winners who have been admitted to XI Science without having to pay any tuition fees.
Elon Musk has announced the launch of the Tesla Cybertruck.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 69171 out of which 62971 have recovered and 1163 have died.
It is understood that no one has been arrested yet in connection with the murder of these five residents of Smit.
In this incident, the computer and printer of the office were destroyed.
There are 483 recoveries from the disease.
Kong Mukhim also strongly criticized the spread of stories of plastic rice mixed with the rice that the people eat and explained that this is false and intended to mislead the people. There is no plastic rice produced by any company but fortified rice is rice that does not contain nutrients that can strengthen the body by cleaning it. vitamins and minerals to provide essential nutrients to the human body.
There is no denying the wealth of society today and it is because of the excessive income that people these days don't have time but everyone is busy earning.
“We have already sent the names to the party,” said Dhar.
There are 205 BSF personnel, 84 non-BSF personnel and 46 recoveries.
Speaking on social media, Conrad Sangma said, “The NEET examination has been conducted by the National Testing Agency (NTA). examination in different parts of the State, the Government has taken steps to talk to the relevant authorities.
In an attempt to defend the truth, Thomas Jones was accused of being a commercial character (1910:96).
“This is the disease of the nation,” said Donald V Thabah, General Secretary of the Khasi Students Union (KSU).
According to the test, the registration fee will be Rs550/one morning test and Rs1100/two tests, both morning and evening shift.
DMC-SSA West Jaintia Hills and Block Mission Coordinators, SSA including Amlarem, Laskein and Thadlaskein Block.
Bah Lambor said that there are some buildings which are not useful and need to be used by the people.
The 8th U Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy sponsored by the Meghalaya State Government Employees' Federation (MSGEF) has ended with a 4-0 draw between C&RD and MeECL XI. The tournament will be held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Thursday.
In the next 24 hours, there will be heavy rain in Shillong and thunderstorms in various parts of the state.
“I give my full support to Mawlangwir SC to continue to improve and to attract more players from the area.
Jowai, March 20 : As part of the Aspire Meghalaya youth competition, which was held across the districts of the state from 6th March to the month of November this year.
According to the source, the GNLA has recruited many members to train the group.
However, we cannot say that there are parents who are sad because their children's results are bad.
During the reign of Shitang Rymbai, the boundaries of Ynru Chnong District, now known as Rymbai District, were as follows:- North: Ki Saw Lyngdoh (Jowai District), West to Moolakur (Mulagool), Bangladesh, East : The Liardieñsoo River which separates Sutnga District and northeast to Moo Tang which separates Narpuh District.
“The owners of the house didn't suspect anyone.
First of all it will help you to have a healthy body, it will improve the strength of the body and at the same time it will help to fight against many kinds of diseases in the body.
When this pandemic ends, the number of women will be more than the number of men.
If he now questions the decision why to leave those villages, I think he is questioning himself what he did not to include those villages in the list at that time,” said Conrad.
“At present, there is not a single Special Court to hear cases under the NDPS Act, because the hearings have been pending for years and this has discouraged especially the witnesses and the public to help. “Government departments in the fight against drugs,” he said.
Bah Ronnie Lyngdoh pointed fingers at politicians, bureaucrats, religious leaders, the people of the state and the media.
Therefore, many people say that the time has passed too fast and it is not understood that the hours have become only 12 hours from the 24 hours in a day.
The conference will be organized by the Ministry of Women and Child Development, Government of India.
Shillong, Nailur 12 : The Shillong Sports Association (SCA) has postponed the remaining schedule of the OC Blue Shillong Premier League 2021-2
It has also allocated T.100 crore for the construction of 111 school buildings and these can be completed within this year.
In 2016, he introduced the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act (MRSSA), which was approved by the Governor in
This figure is from October to January.
One of the greatest parts we must never forget is “Death”.
Shillong: U Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy today revoked the Administrator Rule within the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal, after holding a meeting at his residence, has directed AAP leaders to start awareness campaign Sisodia and Jain have been arrested after the BJP-led central government became aware of the government's failure in the field of health and welfare. student-athlete in Delhi.
Because he is too young, he is reluctant to talk to the reporter, but his sister who is nearby explained that he started this job when he was 11 years old and now he is a caregiver. Four years later, she said that as he grew older, his strength grew stronger.
In other states, the Central Government would have sent the CBI, Enforcement Directorate to investigate the politicians and IAS, IPS and other officers for having more wealth than their income. yours.
It is for this reason that until 1988 when PA Sangma came as Chief Minister, he was surprised that there was not a single policy in any government department.
You (Nebuchadnezzar) are the head of gold, (who is the king of the kingdom of Babylon).
In North Garo Hills, there are 7 cases, in Ribhoi 92 cases, 7 cases in Lumsohphoh, 5 cases in Mawbri, 6 cases in Nongrim Nongladew, 5 cases in Pilangkata, 14 cases in Sohliya, 7 cases in Umiam and 7 cases in Umsning.
He said that the emergence of insurgent groups in the area has put a stumbling block to the development of the area and it is necessary to promote the culture to revive this culture in the future so that it will survive. to free the youth from crime.
He said the party has received applications from nine candidates.
When asked whether the government has called for talks, Babu Birbor said, “Three pawa of my life has been lost. I demand that I continue to fight until I die in this struggle.
Rotary International has not stopped and is still working hard in these countries.
The residents said that this is the first time for them to receive such a program and that it is also the biggest program to be held in their village.
The farmers, who have about 1,500 personnel at nine different checkpoints, have turned up and fought against the police. the Chief Minister of the State.
Shillong, Nailar 14: U Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Sanjay Goyal on Tuesday inaugurated the Youth Cultural Center at Nongkrem.
On the same day, Mukul also handed over T.15 lakh from the Tourism Department to the President of the Hundred Drums Wangala Organizing Committee, LK Marak.
When Sohra was visited, it was found that there was no new district in Garo Hills.
US President Barack Obama has been informed of the ongoing investigation.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The resignation of members and leaders of the UDP party from Mawlai continues today.
Bah Deng understood that Daplin really loved him. But on his part, until he reached that point, he had no idea whatsoever about Kongthei Daplin.
Twenty-seven pilgrims from Meghalaya, including Dr. WR Kharlukhi, MP Rajya Sabha from Meghalaya, have now escaped and have managed to cross the border from Bethlehem, Jerusalem to Egypt.
This rude behavior of the foreign employees of Topcem has angered the people and they have threatened to lodge a complaint against these foreigners who speak rude language.
These include Athletics (with only 2 athletes), men's football, swimming (4), Wushu & Judo, Shooting and Golf (4 athletes).
The President of the KSU South West Khasi Hills District, Samla Forwardman Nongrem after the meeting held at Mawkyrwat today said that the rally will start from Lad C&RD Block Office, Mawlangwir to Mawkyrwat Market from 10 pm. 1 pm.
How did Bah SK Sunn, MLA Mawphlang see our problems?
Modi also said his government would stand firm with the children of Mother India who have been humiliated in Pakistan, Afghanistan and Bangladesh.
I can't forget but as a family we will work hard to change our tomorrow" said Halbert. "They are too much for you," said the father and sent him to bed. Sandra was like a soap dish.
“If we judge according to the customs and traditions, we are a mother nation and in Assam the Khasi will not be recognized as Scheduled Tribs and the land will be equal to the Government even though they are exempt from taxes. The ultimate ownership of the land will be the Government while in Meghalaya the land belongs to the private sector, Raids, Villages under the jurisdiction of District Councils,” he said. said Bah Erwin while explaining the problem that will arise after the residents of Meghalaya will be forcibly displaced to Assam in the border settlement process.
“On the allegation by Bah Process that the slab has been suspended at Mawlai Nongpdeng, he said, “Is there anyone else besides you MLA who has the authority to suspend?
Consumption of chemical foods and beverages can affect our health and can also shorten our life span as it happens to people in these are our new ages.
I didn't tell anyone, because I made a mistake when I went to his hotel.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 8: As the days go by, the number of fraudsters is spreading all over the country.
Shillong: The introduction of the two lane road in Ribhoi District has been a great blessing to all the passengers who pass through this road as it is clean and has helped a lot of passengers to travel. The National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) has been implementing the Highway in the state and the HHAI also charges fees from the people who travel to and from the state. part of the improvement of this road.
I want to say that this kilogram should disappear completely.
Earlier, Mawlai MLA Embhahlang said he strongly opposes the government's plan to set up an ANVC (B) base in Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
Unfortunately, in the villages, there are no ambulances.
“The duty of the government is to provide protection to any ethnic group and this is the most important duty.
But even if you experience this disease in yourself, don't be afraid because God will heal you if you have God in your heart.
Dr Dileep Mavlankar, Director of the Indian Institute of Public Health, Gandhinagar, said he did not know whether the treatment had anything to do with Dr. Dileep Mavlankar. Mona Desai, Chief Medical Officer, said, “Cow's milk is broken from the body and its use will not help prevent the spread of the coronavirus,” said Dr Desai, Chairperson. of the Indian Medical Association (IMA), women’s wing.
Goldsmith said this happened in the past few days.
I am not a prophet, but I am a man who foretells the future.
While Berger Paints, Godrej Consumer Products Ltd.
The tournament was inaugurated by KSU North Khasi Hills District President Ferdinand Kharkamni as the chief guest, in the presence of Rocky Kylla Chairman Umsning Town Dorbar as the symbud chief guest. Samla James Hitler Mawphniang, General Secretary of KSU Umsning Circle, Samla Lester Nongbet President KSU Umsning Circle and other dignitaries.
I have never seen such a thing in my life.
Nongpoh: The Dorbar Shnong Saiden, Ri Bhoi, on Tuesday said that the village leaders and the residents of the village, have expressed that the village will welcome the residents, who intend to return to the state, after the They have been staying in other states in the country since the day the lockdown was implemented across the states of the country.
He also forgot that it was the Hindu Kar Sevaks of the Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) and the Sarsanghchalaks of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) who destroyed the Babri Masjit. Muslims, in Ayodhya, on 06/12/1
As the citizens of the state, we want the government to show clearly the reasons for the debt of the Electricity Department, because perhaps it makes the state always debt and lose so much. ... I believe that there is a reason, therefore, we as the citizens of the state want to know, and if necessary, even send inquiries because there is something behind it.
The owner of the vehicle immediately lodged a complaint with the police through twitter and after 57 minutes the police arrested the suspects.
In India, the diet of the people has changed due to changes in lifestyle and increase in private income.
Revelation 20:1-6
Khraw said that before the government announced in the Legislative Assembly, Mawpat had already demanded to bring a block in the village and had already proposed the land where the village land is located. The 3-square-foot and 3-square-foot C&RD Block has been built.
He said that the reason why the police seized the ambulance was because they had led the movement of the ambulance, so when they stopped and searched inside the ambulance, they found plenty of Kyiad.
This is the first time that Meghalaya has reached the semi final of the national programme.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Iooksi Unit has expressed its deep sorrow over the incident and at the same time the union has requested the leaders and government authorities to provide assistance as soon as possible. family so that they can get back a house to live in.
On this occasion, the DC said that it is because the government is still implementing the National Food Security Scheme but he promised to convene a meeting with the vendors to discuss this.
The plaintiffs in these cases have alleged that the kingpins or chiefs who illegally run the coal mines are moving up and down without restriction while some small countries may be involved in the crime. government.
I heard the announcement on the Radio from Shillong station on the morning of 26.03.2020 that the government will take strict action against those who violate the curfew by imprisonment for 2 years.
The CEM said he will set up a group of experts including lawyers and environmentalists to think of a way to resolve the issue. He said the group will look into and fight for the resumption of coal mining by ensuring that it will not affect the environment.
Pyniaid said that if you register only 10 pieces of land at the DC office, the people have to spend T.50,000 tyngka and the people in the rural areas who are poor and this expense is not affordable. either either.
The Senior Open National Ranking Championship was also held at the same venue where two silver medals went to IIS wrestlers Pushpa Yadav (53kg) and Harshita (72kg).
Other participants included Satly Ryngkhlem Vice Resident KSU Khliehriat Circle, R Molin Bamon Former President KSU Narpuh, Streamly N Suchen Finance Secretary KSU JHDU, Ohibait Dkhar President KSU JHDU. President of KSU Narpuh Circle.
The SP of South West Garo Hills, R Muthu, said that the two men had gone to the village to demand officers and the angry crowd had bombed them. Shillong, June 18: The residents of Wahkhen village have decided not to take part in the Lyng doh dance. that it will be held on the 19th of June because the village is not in order.
He said that in such incidents, the people will lose confidence in the Government and the Police Department.
He also congratulated the District Council for accepting the report of the Langrin Hima Youth Association and regarding the funds, the District Council has given time to Nangtei Syiemïong who is the Syiem of the Langrin Hima Youth Association. Hima Langrin will respond within 5 days.
“The price of rice is 16 spah per packet of khaw but if you don't buy or sell more, you can complain and we will write to you,” said the CEM of KHADC. At the same time, he said that the Council has already allocated 10 lakh tyngka to each MDC from the scheme to purchase rice to the constituencies.
That wearing masks, then social distancing, and washing hands, would be something that we should all be doing very consistently.
Beautiful places without owners or visitors are just empty places without benefit (ri kynjah).
According to the campaign program of the two parties, Dikanchi will campaign in Dadenggre constituency tomorrow which is also the constituency led by James Sangma (Conrad's elder brother). Dadenggre, Dolonggre, Damal Asim and Chibra Ading markets.
In the Financial Year 2023-2024, the Executive Committee has collected T.46,63,70,500/- from Major Minerals and T.13,96,86,519/- from Minor Minerals. Taxes) on the vehicle is T.14,50,93,319/-.
During the early years of her stay in Shillong, the weather affected Sister Anne's health.
It is learned that the cause of the collapse is not the forces of nature, but the illegal activities of mankind.
Those who attended the meeting were all the MDCs of the UDP, HSPDP and NPP MDCs who were not on the opposition side.
The arrear requires T.205 crore and will be distributed before Christmas.
I stayed with them for so long but I never spoke a word.
Without the wind of the authorities we go together...this is the sin of greed and evil conspiracy" and "...if Pilate were to tell the truth he would say: Ah! I was sorry to condemn Him to death. , I know that He is righteous...The Jews were so angry that I could not fulfill their wish because if I did...I would lose my honor, power and position. day.
“Since I assumed office as Minister of Sports, I have traveled around the state and talked to the youth and players.
They have been deceived in many ways by this government such as the construction of Them Mator in Iew Mawlong.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest in his speech highlighted the commitment of the State to develop the skills of the youth in various fields.
He said that the BJP in the Lok Sabha elections in 2024 will win from more than 300 constituencies.
Shillong, Nailur, 19: More than 2,500 cases of robbery and violence against women and children have been registered in Meghalaya in the past four years.
Gavin said that there will be no dissolution of the PDF but there will be a social agreement to merge with the NPP. leave it to the wisdom of the NPP Leader and the Chief Minister.
Thus, the words Kong and Rangbah can be used according to the context and their gender should be indicated according to the requirements of the sentence.
The company, which is also part of its public service, has allocated Rs 8 crore for its sports budget for the year, along with an additional T.45 crore in respect of salary and up to T.2.3 crore for other benefits.
In fact, you need to think about the future from time to time but because of your needs you don't.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today said that last year, the state had faced many challenges due to the covid-19 pandemic, but this year The Government will not want to close the dam anymore, but the Government will enforce the rules to prevent the spread of covid and this can be achieved with the cooperation of the people of the state.
The meeting was conducted by JSM President Leningstar Rymbai and speeches were delivered by Sambormi Lyngdoh, Jimraul Kharmuti and others.
There are 9 vacancies announced by the department, one for Mechanic, 3 for Driver and 5 for Peon.
“There are many farmers who have already planted rice, but due to the natural disaster they have had to plant again once again and have to clean up the garbage, shyiap, stones and trees. KSU Laskeiñ Circle President Balawan Suchiang said that the heavy rainfall has affected the fields of many farmers.
Sniawbhalang expressed his gratitude to Thombor Shiwat, CEM of JHADC and the Executive Committee of JHADC and the State Government for approving the holding of the market twice a day. Please.
The filing of nomination papers for the Legislative Assembly elections from Nongstoin Constituency has continued. returning officer of West Khasi Hills district.
He said the government will reconsider the soskular agreed with these private individuals or non-governmental groups as many vehicles from small and large have been damaged when the traffic is not enough. even for five years.
“The people understand who to laugh at and who not to laugh at,” said the North Shillong MLA who is expected to contest the VPP MLA election in
The Government has increased the school fees to 11,000 tyngka, the rneng fee to 7,000 tyngka, the electricity fee to 600 tyngka, as well as the travel and medical fees.
Shillong, July 08: The long-standing dream of four villages in Mawlai to get drinking water has come true thanks to the hard work of MDC Bah Teiborlang Pathaw together with the Joint Action. Committee of four villages to receive the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) at a cost of T.95.38 crore.
Other leaders are Bah Khrawbok Jyrwa as Vice Chairman, Alex Diengdoh as Foreign Secretary, Wanshan Marwein as Finance Secretary, Riewpyrkhat Sun as Organizing Secretary and M Rynjah as Socio Cultural Secretary.
However, the presence of a strong law and visionary rulers makes the city run smoothly.
Many youths have to leave Shillong to study in various fields and this has affected the cost of travel especially those from low income families who have to leave to study. to their reading.
US President Joe Biden confirmed this at the White House after meeting with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday.
They also recalled that in recent years there has been strong opposition from other countries to the uranium mining project which they spoke at a meeting in Austria and the plan to mine uranium in Domiasiat has been cancelled. However, due to strong opposition, they said that the government has stealthily changed the Domiasiat to Phod around Pynden Sohiong.
When asked about other license applicants, the Minister said, “Others will follow but the important thing is that the work has started now”.
The ribbon was inaugurated by the MLA of 2-Jowai Constituency Wailadmiki Shylla who is also the Chairman of MUDA. of this department in charge of the cleanliness of the city in Jowai.
There will be no allocation of land for tree planting even to the Water Conservation Department but only the Sohra Afforestation Project at Sderkariah-Khliehshnong, Sohra, which has been funded by the Sohra and Water Conservation Department, Meghalaya.
The average calorie intake during the day is 25 percent.
Lyngkhoi said the loss of AL Hek, who has been active in politics, is a great loss to the party and also to the Congress workers in Pynthorumkhrah. “Since the talk about the family, the mother's house, I have always told Bah Hek to stay calm,” he said.
For several months, we believe the government has already answered all the questions of parents and school principals and there should be no more doubts or concerns.
Earlier, DMK leader UT Siva in the Rajya Sabha had vowed to fight against the bill.
The group, which was monitored by police, included five women and one man.
At the meeting to discuss the situation with Covid-19, the Prime Minister said that there has been a decrease in the number of cases in these days and at this meeting today it was decided to improve the work of the jam.
The PDAM has issued this statement after an allegation was made against a petrol pump in Nongspung village, West Khasi Hills District that it had spilled petrol into the water.
The Constitution of the country, Article 25-28 gives us the right to freedom of worship,” the statement said.
Speaking as the chief guest at the meeting, the Rangbah Shnong of Laban Dorbar Shnong, Bah Edward Kharwanlang, said that a good school was established by our ancestors. they do.
Referring to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the Minister said that this is a golden opportunity for it to take immediate attention to the urgent health needs of women.
The match was between Sangngot Paswet and Langdoh.
It is to be recalled that the same person who did not broker himself had delivered the goods to the Lyngkyrding area, where the residents found that he was thankful by putting mluh in the song of Surf Excel. powdered sidechain.
The UDP candidate said that the allegations by Kong Noor Warjri that she is not aware of the expenditure on the Covid-19 pandemic is false like the promises of WE Card and MYE Card of the TMC. I don't know about the bills, I feel it's wrong.
Instead of leading the villagers and brothers and sisters to elect MLAs/MDCs/MPs in a fair and free manner as they please, they lead them to cheat and force people to elect them. who wants.
Nongpoh: A group of casual workers from all over the hospitals in Ri Bhoi District, today held a protest against the Nongpoh Civil Hospital, to demand that the government should recognize them as full time employees in the health department and not to call them as employees. Casual Workers are not allowed to work.
They immediately phoned the brother to meet him at the bus stand in Khieh Iew at 6 pm.
“I cried and my daughter came out and saw me in the middle of the bloodshed.
The construction of the new office started in March, 2017 and was completed in November, 2018 at a cost of T.209.43 lakh.
So far, 10,488 people have recovered from COVID-19 in the state and 110 people have died.
550 crore has been allocated for this purpose.
“On behalf of the Achik community of the state, we would like to inform you that the personal resolution announced by the MSWWDA, the Government of Meghalaya is a violation of the Achik community. “We have announced the resolution for the post of Field Engineer,” said George Prince Momin, President of the Seng.
Lanong expressed his concern over the felling of Council trees in Lai Lad, Ri-Bhoi and Aradonga in West Khasi Hills.
In this match, Shadap did not allow the rangiakura who opposed him, in which he showed his strength to throw naphang and it was in the second half that the referee had to stop the match. after Khan was injured.
In South West Khasi Hills, there are two cases including one health worker and one high risk contact.
Zelensky therefore urged the entire Western countries to unite to support Ukraine so that Ukraine can recapture all the areas that have been occupied by Russia since they did not start the thma.
In the veteran singles, Jeslin Syngkli and Lil Chetri defeated Rodrick Nongrum and Lewis Kylla in the women's single. Elisha N Priest beat Lina N Priest.
However, this is at great risk to the future not only of them but of society as a whole.
“Ka Seng invites the people to come and listen to the explanations of the Party.
Investment in maternal, child, and adolescent health is critical for sustained economic development around the world.
Blood donation will be voluntary without expectation of reward but will be a contribution to the building of the community.
In the letter, they complained about the delay in the release of the results of various examinations and also pointed out that the distribution of foodgrains to the students is not timely and the lack of water. , electricity, are some of the problems that arise for the students living in the hostel.
At least 90 Afghans were killed, 100 wounded and 13 US soldiers were killed, including 12 marines and a doctor, and 15 others were wounded.
On the other hand, Bah Carnes Sohshang MDC Mawkyrwat Constituency said, “To build or move forward to complete this project of the church requires unity and cooperation among the Christian families.
The main objective of this policy is to implement Pumped Hydro Power in the state, to attract private sector groups, to increase revenue generation for the government and to increase the income of the state. .
Guest-professional Punit Bisht scored 84 runs while Sanjay Yadav scored
He appealed to the Government of Manipur as well as the Central Government to come together, talk and find a way to resolve this issue instead of allowing this war to continue.
Any government that cannot bring about or implement this purpose is not a government.
The match between WJH-EKH was postponed to 12 overs.
The dream of the new Heaven and the new Earth invites us together and creates the opportunity for us to strive hard to build a mutually respectful community, country and society.
Langrin Government U.P.Skul, is the oldest school in the area which has been around for 57 years and many people have benefited from education through this school. to open this new school building will be of greater benefit to the students in this age.
It is possible that the completion of the road without proper cleaning has caused the snowfall of the road besides the rainy season and also the landslide in parts of the road.
In another development, the Government of Manipur on the 21st of this month, after receiving information about the resurgence of violence in some parts of the state, issued a The government has ordered to extend the suspension of mobile internet until the 26th of this month.
Only God, who sees what is done in secret, can reveal it.
According to a statement from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there were 14,790 tests for Coronavirus on that day including 12369 rapid antigen tests and 2421 tests. On the other hand, the recovery rate in the state has been 98.17 percent while the death toll has been 1.81 percent.
Including the Khasi Maram and Khasi Lyngngam, if we turn a little bit to the history of the Hynniewtrep people since the time when the Hima rule was still strong and united to create this Ri Hynniewtrep.
Speaking to media, Tiewborlang said that as directed by the Council, he will try with the group to restructure the Hima.
The 3 (three) parts or packages of it have been handed over to the 3 (three) implementing agencies.
B.Kharlyngdoh, one of the beneficiaries, said that he has benefited from this scheme in which about 600 households have been connected and about 2000 beneficiaries.
Poverty is the enemy in many ways.
Shillong: U Bah S.Syiemlieh, MCS, ADC, East Jaintia Hills, on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the police that on the 12th of this month, while he was on his way to Malidor-NH-6, he was arrested. 22 coal trucks parked along the road, the drivers and followers of these trucks were not inside the vehicle.
“We don't know the reason why the application center has been moved from the usual place to the Syiem's ​​office. I don't know why, but now I have to leave my children in the morning to go to Shillong. Besides, the place is far away. Then you go back, and how much does it cost, because you have to go twice and three times until you finish, and this will affect us a lot,” said some of the mothers. “This may be from the people who want to take advantage of someone, without thinking about the poor and suffering because if you go to Shillong, you are only the rich. They are not able, but we who are poor have lost and we will not benefit anymore from this Hat which has been a great help to us in the past years.
The girl has been missing since October 17, 2022 without any clue to her family members till now.
The former Prime Minister alleged that the Act has been in abeyance since 2018 because, “We have decided to fight politics with this Act, which affects the welfare of the people”.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Kisborly Kharbani said that since the BJP came to power in India, there has been a change and all the states ruled by the Congress have collapsed. The BJP is waiting for the elections to defeat the Congress in the 2018 elections.
The JTA has done this after seeking permission from the JHADC, the Deputy Commissioner, the CEO of the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB), DS Iawmusiang, Seiñraij Jowai and others.
If you put these plants in the rooms they will help to increase the humidity of the room.
“The MGMP besides opening the platform for young musicians can also guide them on information related to writing and composing song so that our musicians can participate in the that's the way it's in line with other international groups," Conrad said.
Those who received the letter were Sylvester Kurbah, Rangbah Shnong Mawlai Phudmuri, Marbud Dkhar, Khrawkupar Nongsiej, President FKJGP Mawlai, Donbok Kharlyngdoh, President HYC Mawlai, Samuel Biam. Samla Mawlai Pyllun and Charlie J Rani, President UHM. The DC's request for clarification is on the tyngshop burning ceremony on the 25th of July and then the mombati burning ceremony on the 27th July
K.Pakma (Director Rural Resources and Training Centre).
One of the issues discussed at the Advisory Committee in June 1948 was whether non-tribals should be allowed to contest the District Council elections, which the Committee rejected. complete this work relating to the special role of protecting the indigenous peoples.
On the other hand, Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA of the area and Minister of State, urged the people to take good care of the Sub Centre, by treating it as a place to provide health care. Not to be treated as a government property, so that the health center will be of great benefit to the people of the area as a whole.
However, he said that these eight recommendations cannot be explained yet as the committee headed by Kong Ampareen has yet to send them to the Expert Committee.
Department of Physics, Govt.
Immediately, the guards of the body came running and threatened him to rise again, saying that he was no longer a living man, but a dead man. your life is only the sign of death.
However, the sad thing is that in these days many people have become masters of mobile phones in our hands, many young people who use them have become slaves in front of them, One of the most common reasons for using mobile phones is:-There are hundreds of types of advertising on mobile phones especially in the internet age, according to the 2016 census, It is said that more than 63.7 million people use their mobile phones to entertain themselves in various games.
It is because of this that many of those who contest MLA elections are those who do not have full education or even to look into the facts, but only because of the wealth that can buy people without knowing it. and the rules and regulations that are appropriate to serve the people on the basis of the current situation.
He also expressed his gratitude to the Village Leaders, Nongpoh Town Committee Leaders, Religious Leaders and District Administration, for their cooperation that the Hindu community has been able to complete this project. with Puja religion.
The President of HFU East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Danosha Tlang said, “Many people say, are there any farmers in EJHD? I am proud to say that EJHD has one of the largest sohñiamtra farms in Meghalaya. Self Daniel Lyngdoh, from Sutnga village, said that they are still looking for more information whether this is the largest farm in the North East. it is necessary to be close to the farmers, that is why I am taking a serious responsibility to make this a successful program specifically for the farmers, I urge the farmers to give their support to the HFU so that we can fight against the problems of the farmers, that is together with the government officials to introduce a new farming method”.
Replying to this, the Minister of Electricity, James Sangma said that the Gambegre MLA is talking about the villages which have been allowed to cut off the electricity supply.
The road has been deteriorating with the passing of the days and vehicles have been suffering due to lack of maintenance.
The IMD said that the rainfall in many parts of the state today was the heaviest in the two rainfall areas in Sohra.
During the next three days there will be a screening of 13 films including 9 feature films and 4 others.
On the occasion of the 4th November 2013, the MUPSTA teachers in Shillong City and Units across the State to join in the dharna at the designated places. Shillong, Nailur 1: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma on Saturday laid the foundation stone for the construction of the High Court at Nongpoh.
Why are the shyieng placed inside the longkur?
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong of Umniangbyrai Barila, Bah Pynshngaiñ Marbaniang, said that the opening of the MCH will help the residents of Ri-bhoi District especially the women and children to easily come to the MCH. Shillong because you don't have a health center.
The training to the village headmen will help them to set laws and regulations to prevent the people from littering and keep the environment clean.
The University prioritizes the safety of students and any violations will be dealt with strictly in accordance with the rules of procedure.
KSU President Lambokstar Marngar said that the KSU and other political parties will continue to raise their voices for ILP in the state.
Leaders of the Sengbhalang, who attended the funeral of the Rangbah, included Bah Sadon.
Explaining about the struggle, he said that at that time the struggle was for one voice and that was to get a full state, in the 19 year struggle. He said that he was present from the beginning to the end and he said that at that time, they didn't know whether it was life or death and they didn't swear to fight and stand on it. the basis for achieving a formal state.
In the past 24 hours, 773 cases have been reported and 32 people have died, said Lav Aggarwal, joint secretary of the department.
Mawlai Sports Club and Lumparing Sports Club shared 10 points each in the final match of Group-B of the Women's League
SHILLONG: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, u Conrad K Sangma, today said that there is no smuggling of coal in the state after a coal truck overturned in Upper Shillong today.
Government Minister Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA Sutnga-Saipung, Wailadmiki Shylla MLA Jowai, Dolloi of Jowai District Puramon Kynjin, Andrew Shullai, MDC JHADC, Lakhon Biam MDC-JHADC, religious leaders of Jowai. Jowai, Tuber, Chyrmang and others who were invited.
The foundation stone laying ceremony also includes the improvement and upgradation of the Shillong-Diengpasoh road to 2-lane, which is from 14 km to 21.20 km.
He was buried today, 8th July.
“The railway carrying food, goods and people, the basis of our position is that we will not allow at all to come to Khasi-Jaintia Hills until the State Government and the Government of India have approved. “Implement the laws to protect us as a minority whether it is the ILP or the MRSSA Amendment Bill of 2020,” said Bah Synrem.
He also held a meeting with the District Administration and officers of various departments at the DC office to assess the damage and urged the District Administration and government departments to work together to Ensure that the works are carried out quickly so that the people do not suffer too much.
Ma Riquoma Rq Laloo, son of Ma S Quotient Sumer said, “It was the encouragement of Dr. Jenniefer Dkhar and as part of fulfilling our father's wish, we decided to publish it in English.
Here the article shows through research how much water is needed in the body of each person.
“Our Prime Minister has already explained in the House and whatever has been brought in the House has been confirmed and no one can stand against it.
The Minister has already promised to the leaders of the Association in their meeting with him on 5th June, that 80 per cent of the remaining arrear will be paid by July 2013 to all teachers. College, but due to the lack of attention and willingness of the two Chief Ministers of the state in charge of the education department, the promises of the Chief Minister could not be implemented.
The pastor's speech is right to warn against this evil generation.
What is the reason? Because God Himself has not yet removed the powers of death from man, God has still established the law that man must die, and then judgment will come.
She said that police are conducting a thorough search operation to arrest the suspect.
Ltd on the plight of the people and employees of the company in the area after the Government of India has imposed a lockdown across the country.
The Indian Air Force became the fourth team to join the same group.
They collect taxes and organize trading posts.
There are many allegations against the Congress that there are new ones, Bah Hek.
However, the price we pay to the residents of the state is only about 6 tyngka per unit.
The Minister said that the construction of the new district jail is underway and once completed, the prisoners will be transferred from the old jail.
When asked whether there is a demand to replace Dr Mukul Sangma, Pynshngain did not answer directly but said, “It is up to the AICC to take a decision on the matter. leader".
Therefore, let him speak as much as he wants but the truth is that only this government has worked and shown and accomplished these things for decades whether it is in any country. Prestone said.
Shillong: The India Meteorological Department (IMD) today announced that heavy rains will continue in the state for the next four days from 13th to 17th June .
Not only to speak, but also to write in Khasi.
“We also urge our leaders in charge of the welfare of the people to take action in this regard to immediately improve this road from Wahshari-Khliehshnong, Sohra to Laitduh. , not to act blind.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The Daughter of Thailand, Maha Chakri Sirindhorn, visited the Holy Law today on her arrival in Shillong.
The people of Sohiong have already seen that the UDP has already sold the people because it doesn't have its own foundation. .
He said that those prisoners who have completed the training will be able to earn money inside the jail if they want to work and their earnings will be sent directly to their bank accounts or they can send them to those in prison. house in their house.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The UDP Youth Wing (UDP) in a statement sent by Rayonald Kharkamni, Chief Youth Organizer, on Tuesday said that it is not clear whether the HSPDP wants to introduce Article 371 in the state. made public.
They said that Bah Gabriel Wahlang has not received any recognition from anyone in Nongstoiñ, and if he gets a ticket it will be like a robbery and insult to the voice of the people, said Bah Lyngdoh. bad you are Tympuin.
The market will benefit the residents of more than 50 villages in the area.
Furthermore, not only schools play and dance this song, but also colleges, universities, writing houses, sports grounds, and so on.
The employee said that the officer in charge of the BDO office Khliehriat is also in charge of another office in Lad Tyrke.
“How can we help the synsar farmers because there are many synsar farmers in the State.
He said that since the installation of the Tax Gate, the violence between the Pnars and Karbi has increased. The Tax Gate has been guarded by the Assam Police. They went to the Karbi area and stayed there because they didn't want to go to the fields.
In Meghalaya too, if a rally in support of CAA and BJP is held, it is expected to happen more than in Delhi.
Looking at the conduct of criminal justice in the State, the State itself relies solely on the Police to conduct the investigation. The Police Prosecutor or Assistant Public Prosecutor has been appointed to prosecute the cases brought by the Police.
This has caused serious problems to the water treatment plant at Mawphlang.
The Prime Minister said that Amit Shah may come on 23rd July for the NEC plenary meeting and if he comes there will be a meeting in Shillong.
It is to be recalled that the MLA of Jirang Constituency, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun on Tuesday visited the village to meet with the village leaders and elders on the boundary issues. The MLA has received many requests to bring about development works where the road is the priority among others. development works.
“There are areas which do not fall under urban areas and there are areas which do not fall under rural areas and lose development schemes for this reason,” he said.
Taking action on this information, police conducted a search operation at Byrnihat Police Outpost, where at 11:30 pm, police seized a commercial vehicle number ML-05-T. -6149, driven by Rahul Nazary, resident of Happy Valley Shillong, police recovered 10 boxes of soap containing heroin. weight 135.64 Grams, which is well hidden in a bag.
The driver of the sumo and another person inside the sumo are still at large.
Tuliram Ronghang should have asked himself whether before the Mikir (Karbi) came to settle in this area which is better known as Block I, whose is this area (Block I)? The area better known as “BLOCK I” is composed of the Dolloi of Nongjngi, Dolloi of Shiliang Myntang, Dolloi of Raliang and Dolloi of Labang-Nongphyllut who have been part of Jaintia Hills since ancient times.
A thorough introspection is extremely important.
“My finding is that the Tactical Team-I which went to arrest him on the 13th July 2021 at 3 pm without thinking. “It's a good idea to have used the security forces too much which has led to the death of Bah Cherishterfield which could have been avoided in fact”.
Shillong, July 07: U Justice (Retd) T.Vaiphei, who is in charge of the investigation into the incident at Mukroh, West Jaintia Hills District, has sent a letter to the Principal Chief Conservator of Forest (PCCF). Assam has not responded to the Mukroh incident after failing to respond in November last year.
However, it is not useful for us as a nation, to lay flowers every time to these heroes of ours (lest they become sad and sad) when the examples and paths they have given us , I lyndet them.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RIFF) today appealed to the MDA government to appoint a youth leader in Ri Bhoi District. u Minister of Ri Bhoi District.
The workshop was attended by ASHAs from 8 communities and rural development blocks of East Khasi Hills District.
Police arrested the suspect while he was involved in extortion at Palace Compound, Imphal on Tuesday night.
In Meghalaya, which is known as a matrilineal society or a community where children take the lineage from the mother, when any public meetings (except those held by women's organizations) are held, no it is rare to see and hear that women speak and express what is on their minds.
Tynsong said the Cabinet has taken this decision not to allow entry and exit from one district to another.
On the other hand, the Waheh Shnong of Ladrymbai Dongwah, Bah Deibor Suchiang, the Secretary of the Village, John Pala, the members of the Village Council, Kumar Lyngdoh and Hillson Amrynsong, also expressed their condolences. “I find that this initiative taken by the Deputy Commissioner is good, it needs to be improved, if you can use this app it will be of benefit to them. I hope that this app will bring about a change for the benefit of the children and also for the teachers especially in the villages. At the same time, he requested the Deputy Commissioner to take action to provide the schools and the needs of the teachers so that the teachers can “I have seen in schools in rural areas far from the Head Quarter that there are many schools which are still very low in number of teachers. schools that are not available (Schoo; Buildings) which still need to be repaired, some school buildings are flooded even during the rainy season, where children are not allowed to stay in their classrooms, so there are times when schools have to be suspended. , before moving forward to achieve this good goal, the needs of the teachers should be met, the salary should be paid on time so that it does not affect the teachers, I understand that the teachers should I request the district authorities to help me and I also request the teachers not to misunderstand this app, this does not mean those teachers who come to test and work properly. “I believe that through this app they will do their job properly,” said the Secretary Shnong Ladrymbai Dongwah, u Bah John Pala, expressed his gratitude to the Deputy Commissioner for the implementation of the ubiAttendance App in the district, but at the same time he asked what will be done if the teachers are sick. In this regard, he requested the Deputy Commissioner to find ways and means so that it will not cause too much trouble to the teachers who are suffering from the disease.
The CEM said that the Executive Committee has written to the Hima not to pay and if the Hima cannot pay, it will send a letter to the KHADC. the reason they can’t afford it.
Treiborlang Suchen praised the government for the benefit of the people from the MHIS card even though the government health centers around the area lack the resources because through this card they get the benefit of paying. for treatment in private hospitals.
Nongstoin, June 12: Speaking at a public meeting of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) to protest against the MUDA Act in Nongstoin, June 12, 2013, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Lyngdoh, who is a government minister who has used whitewash against teachers in the past and now wants to abolish whitewash the District Council.
However, it stood firm without hesitation until the Assam police had to flee the scene.
The awards include former MLA and current Raliang MDC Robinus Syngkon, Coming One Ymbon MLA Raliang Constituency, Paul Synnah, Executive Engineer PHE, Dwick Lamin DTO Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills District. Mr. (L) Edwin Synnah-Former Village Headman.
Speaking in the House, the Sohra MLA said that from time to time, police from Assam have come to Meghalaya to block development works. on the border, however, Meghalaya is only a spectator.
But later they will be happy to destroy the kingdom of Satan.
“Drones can deliver medicines within 30 minutes instead of 3 hours through the usual routes,” the government said in a statement.
The office bearers were appointed at a meeting of the Central Executive Committee chaired by President Kenneth Shadap on 10th June at Mawkhar Christian Higher Secondary School, Shillong.
He was born on July 30, 1922 in the small town of Picinisco in the province of Frossinone, Italy.
There have been 150 new cases since 15th July 2020 and 37 of them have come from abroad.
Earlier, a short meeting was chaired by O. Lamin Nominated MDC, in the presence of Brightstar Chyrmang MDC who delivered the welcome speech, Ailad Bhoi MDC, Lakhon Dkhar MDC, Ebormi Lyngdoh, District President, Lasoo, Lakiang, Mihmyntdu, Abul Phawa, NPP General Secretary, Donbok Jana and others.
The Government one by one seems to have no real intention to renovate and transform the city of Shillong because as the saying goes, life has changed.
Shillong: The Living Bridge Foundation, one of the voluntary organizations for the preservation of bridges and traditional knowledge in the villages, held its 10th Anniversary on 20th November 2019 at KC Secondary School, Shillong.
Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid told reporters that the government was headed by Mullah Hassan Akhund.
“I don't care anymore about this bridge, because I have spoken many times even in the Legislative Assembly of the State Government, in order to convey the urgent need to build this bridge, but the State Government has not. shimkhia, but it started to shake slowly, until the water reached the ridge,” said Bah George B.Lyngdoh.
What is the Second? The sacrifice of the body of Jesus Christ ONCE (on the Cross) Hebrews 10:9-1
The KSU has alleged that the release of these 400 persons after they fled the area, is because the police chief, has released them to return safely to their homes, without being arrested. judgment to the authorities of the law, whether to the police or to the investigation, which is ongoing these days.
Therefore, the two organizations have immediately sent back these foreigners in the same truck and banned them from coming to the State without proper documents.
This species of plant received its name from a Swedish biologist named Carl Thunberg in
No canvassing will be allowed from 7 pm on the 19th and all day on the 20th.
In the hearing, the High Court today fixed the hearing for 12th October after the Advocate General asked for time to file the affidavit.
The people living in these areas live by farming and are suffering because their farmland has been destroyed.
Shillong, Naitung 10: Ka KSU Mawkynroh Unit today met with the Minister of PWD, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, and demanded that the state government should repair the VIP road. Shillong Airport is located at Shillong Airport.
In the midst of the heavy rain, dozens of residents and office staff came to take part and were led by the Waheh Shnong and members of the village.
The MSSDS has brought many benefits to the youth and women in this era of unemployment through training in many fields so that they can stand on their own feet and set up jobs to earn an income.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Chief Minister, Bah Prestone Tynsong, congratulated the Nongtluh Farmer Association for organizing such festivals. riti ka dusdur or nature, because as a nation we must understand the value of nature so that our nation can continue to develop in all aspects.
He asked whether the party had given permission to hold the meeting and if so, how it had done to provide security.
There are no other alternative powers.
This confirms the fact that unemployment is very high in the state,” he added.
From 1979, 1981 onwards and until its completion in 1997 by introducing the Single Window Policy.
Dkhar said that in collaboration with the MLA, up to 69 lakh 20 thousand tyngka has been received for the construction of the Musiang market.
The Police Outpost at Bararo/Mukroh has been a demand of the KSU and the people since ancient times.
Meanwhile, 43 people were injured in the incident and all of them were shifted to various hospitals in the city.
Rida went to class and Kmie went to the shop.
Chairman of the Block Development Monitoring Committee (BDMC) Mairang, Bah Lambok Nongrang, today expressed his solidarity with the victims of the cyclone. Block together with Bah R.Nongsiej President Mairang Assembly Youth Congress, visited Nongrmai village and distributed food items to the refugees.
“In the last 40 years, I am happy that the people have learned how to develop tourism, but in War Jaintia, the problem is that even if it has beautiful places, they are the land of the Kur. and private sector and it is very difficult for the Tourism Department of the State Government to implement according to the wishes,” he said.
The program will start from 22nd to 28th June at All Saints Hall, Shillong and also in Tura at Tura Science Centre.
However, on the other hand, Pynursla MLA Prestone Tynsong did not agree with the view that one person should hold two posts.
In the Government of Meghalaya, we will now try to ensure that at least 80 out of 100 jobs in office, trade, factory, etc., will belong to us indigenous people.
Diengngan said the Demand Committee has unanimously decided to give the state government until July 15 to complete the opening of the school. Mawshynrut Civil - Sub Division and if the state government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma as the Chief Minister does not complete the opening within the stipulated time, the Committee will take other measures. to pressure the government.
When I read in the newspapers, there was a lot of rape.
Speaking to media, the President of HNYF Shillong Region, Bah Bless Dkhar said that the purpose of the meeting with the DC was to find out about the number of refugees from Manipur in the state. How many people have arrived in Manipur after the clashes?
This demand was taken at a meeting held at Teilang Square, Dkhiah West on Saturday.
The Government of India Act 1935 has been passed by the Government of India.
He said that the presence of insurgents in the state has affected not only the region but the entire North East.
According to sources, all four of them came to the bridge in a Maruti Van Private, and all four of them were men.
Two Ministers of Mylliem Hima, Minister K. Langstieh and Minister MB Kharlukhi visited the market to check the documents of the residents of Umsning market. it was learned that many of the market dwellers had a fake island.
He said that the MBOSE's introduction of Khasi as a compulsory subject in classes XI and XII is also one of the issues that KAS strongly opposes.
The driver of the autorickshaw, Semson M Sangma, 36, resident of Molmegre, Araimile, was rushed to Tura Civil Hospital but died of his injuries.
The Amlarem Civil Sub-Division was established on 12th November 1976 and is responsible for the international borders and the largest foreign trade port in Meghalaya. International Trade) and Bangladesh.
The program was launched as part of the celebration of World Youth Employment Day for the first time in India.
All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) leader Dr Mukul Sangma has been demanded up to T.20 crore by lawyers representing Henry Lalremsanga as a representative.
In the second semi final, Jennyfer Fancon scored her first hat-trick of the tournament before SCA lost all wickets for Tura for 45 runs. beh to score 175 runs to win.
The KSU also strongly condemns the government for not being able to explain according to the letter what the goods are and why it is not possible to stop until the disease is clean.
However, in this area including Jowai, the capital of District West Jaintia Hills, the plan to bring about a clean morning is still untimely because there are no authorities to think how to collect garbage to turn into wealth and the people are also continuing. continue to break the shaba lap found.
He said that the Seng urges the Minister in charge to take immediate steps to appoint qualified teachers in all these schools in the district according to the rules laid down.
Hek's remarks came 10 days after the Chief Minister of Assam, Conrad Sangma, met with the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma to discuss the cooperation between the NPP and the BJP. “If you talk to any political party or leader, the important thing is that the party will take a decision and who will form the government,” said Bah Hek.
Hospitals in rural areas are not fully equipped with equipment, doctors and nurses.
Before the meeting, there was a rally of vehicles and arshaka vehicles and ended at the venue.
He was speaking a few days after the Border Security Force (BSF) sent a notice to the Punjab and Haryana High Court that the illegal mining in the border areas has continued until now.
SHILLONG, July 26: GNLA Chairman Champion R Sangma and three others were injured when they were attacked by Under Trails Prisoners (UTP) inside Shillong District Jail this morning. Wednesday.
The pollution of the jhur market and the market is due to the fact that the squares have been used for residential purposes and as patta kyiad, he said.
ACHDO President Ishraful Hogue said that the examination was to select qualified teachers to teach the students but it was in vain and the theft was in vain. for eligible teachers.
Shillong, November 05: The Khasi Disabilities Association (KDA) has strongly condemned the Congress candidate for the 2023 MLA elections from Sohiong. Bah S.Osborne Kharjana on his speech which has affected the people with disabilities, and demanded that he should apologize to them within 24 hours through the media for his statement that when elected The leaders shall be elected by those who are fully qualified and not by those who are blind, deaf or dumb and those who have disabilities because they are disabled cannot govern the state.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that the invitation to hold the meeting is to take the views of the people. participants including District Councils, Chief Executive Members, political parties in the state and all political parties.
The three Executive Members are Ranjit Singh, Marbrishisha Mylliempdah, Christina Kharbuli, Anjali Singh and Balarishisha Rani.
There were 14 students who passed well in the SSLC-2014 and 11 students from Nursery to Class IX. one year for students who have topped in different classes.
On the entry of the AITC into the state, James said that the people are the wise people to decide whether to accept or reject the AITC and we will see in
There will be more bloodshed, the government should not forget that many Garo youth will come to join the party for Garoland,” said the statement. Shillong, Nailur 05: Despite the demand for the removal of Dr. Mukul Sangma as the Leader of the Congress MLAs and also as the Chief, Minister of State, but tonight at the meeting of Congress MLAs, the party leaders did not speak clearly.
Curfew passes between 9:00 PM and 5:00 AM can be obtained online from the website www.eastkhasihills.
At the meeting on Aadhaar number held on 23-25 ​​November 2021, one after another speakers expressed their anger that the Central Government is taking advantage and using Aadhaar number only for administrative benefit. straight.
The people want the municipal to empower the Harijans, but it has empowered the teachers.
And what is the reason? The reason is that both these MRs, one from Assam and the other from Meghalaya, have a common agenda and that is 1) Unbreakable love and 2) They are all people of Modi and BJP. Sangma went to Delhi immediately to oppose the CA Bill.
The BJP should have understood that it cannot do anything in Meghalaya because its number has ended at 2 as expected by the people.
The event was attended by the residents of Lumpyngngad, invited guests, teachers, school children and neighboring villages.
Diwali is the festival of light according to the Hindu belief which means the victory of light over caution, good over evil and knowledge over madness.
Bihar's Yashaswi Rishav scored 150 runs while Rahmat Ullah scored 105 runs.
Evanrihun Sohshang (1/12), Idatyngkai Marngar (1/19) and Adalyn Fedelia Lyngkhoi (1/30) took wickets.
The place where the drug users and drug traffickers exchanged drugs was on a road in the Standjeep area.
The purpose is to hold a dorbar synrai in this new dorbar.
The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) Central Body on Friday met with the Minister of State, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh to express its deep sorrow regarding the closure of the MPSC examination center in Jowai without any reason. reason in order to reopen it.
The slavery of human beings has not ended but is increasing and beginning anew in this era.
It is to be recalled that this relic came in July, 2011 with the many gifts that Donbosco has done such as healing Larisa Khongsit and others such as the Babu Catechist of the sub-district. Laitryngew, who had resigned from her job at that time, and it was on the night that the relic of Donbosco arrived that she recovered from her illness.
Marak, you have informed that the file is still pending.
jan.2016 to take a final decision on the issue of Typist.
The Constitution is the source and supreme authority of the rule of law.
The People's Democratic Front (PDF) Candidate from Mawkynrew Constituency, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that he believes that actions speak louder than words. MLA, he has no doubt that the people will vote for him in the MLA election 2023 which will be held on the 27th of this month.
Dey was abducted by about nine ASAK militants while he was traveling from Tura to Dalu in an auto rickshaw.
On the first day, she was warned by her beloved father that she should no longer wear jeans, but she continued to wear them and today, when they saw that she did not listen, so they struck, and she was badly wounded.
It is necessary to conduct awareness campaigns to make these rivers usable and also to ban any activities that affect the rivers,” said the Court.
“On the other hand, the Government has made it clear that it has no intention of moving forward but only to protect those who do not exist.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 08: Hundreds of people from the surrounding villages of Nongpoh area, today climbed to the Lum Kyntang Lehniam of the Raid Nonglyngdoh to witness the VII Shad Sajer. The SPRRN is held every year at Mawjong Village, Ri Bhoi District.
He also said that the Adhar Act is unconstitutional.
However, since the introduction of democracy in 1972, the nation has been destroyed.
Two nights on the bus, please, Khun, I have a tin box on my head and I don't have enough passengers.
Shillong, June 12: The Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR) on Tuesday celebrated its 74th anniversary across the country. Auditorium, Shillong.
The All Meghalaya Karbi Association (KYA) has organized a Karbi Youth Festival Meghalaya Zone which started on 3rd March 2022 and ended on 4th March 2022 with the participation of Karbi youth from different parts of Meghalaya.
This is the time to seek peace.
On the other hand, the Sein Raij also expressed its gratitude to the MLA for this scheme which he has allocated for them.
Shillong, Nailur 2: Due to the sudden death of the Lyngdoh of Mawphlang Hima, N.Kingkerious Lyngdoh, the Dorbar Bakhraw of Mawphlang Hima has decided to close the entrance gate to Lawkyntang on the 3rd and 4th of this month. The Dorbar has decided to close the Mawngap market on the 4th of November and all shops will be closed on that day as a sign of respect for the Lyngdoh.
His mother, Kong Hoidien Tyngkan, is from Mowkyndeng and belongs to the Presbyterian Church. After marrying Bah Pakalang Phawa in 1984, she joined the Catholic Church and was baptized in November 25, 1986 in Jowai Parish.
Suresh Raina, one of India's leading cricketers, has decided to retire from the game to compete in the world tournament.
The WYWO has requested the MDC, Bah Gabriel Wahlang, to talk to the government.
The state government has decided that the Act will come into force from 1st March which means it has been nearly six months since it was approved by the Governor.
Speaking to reporters, KSU President Ferdynald K. Kharkamni and RBYF President Bipul Thangkhiew said that the main reason for the protest against the government's plan to establish a The Talasi mynder in this area, is one of the owners of several illegal Otdieng factories nearby, who have mislead the residents of this area.
To learn more about the causes of the accident, this reporter spoke to the Superintendent of Police (Traffic) Bah NK Syiem who explained many of the reasons for the accident.
Garo was recognized by Calcutta University as one of the Modern Indian Languages ​​until Matriculation in 1923 while Gauhati University recognized it in 1947 and NEHU. in the year
The management of the shop in Manyavar said that they are still monitoring the incident through CCTV cameras and if they find that the shopkeeper has cut off his hands, they will be punished. “They will take strict action against him,” said Amitabh Hazarika, who is in charge of the shop.
Bah Metbah, who is also the former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, said that the Board will submit its recommendation to the Government.
We have also informed that we will convene a meeting of the Office Bearers of the various Kurs to discuss in November this year if there is any suggestion to the District Council.
This policy will cover not only the roads of the state government but also the roads funded by the government of India as PMGSY. He said that there are contractors who do not have the authority to implement this scheme because when the government calls tender to implement two or three roads, their authority is only one and in this case, they do not have the authority to implement the scheme. was rejected.
Check out where it came from and from what source? The internet is not available; I don't have a spirit of help.
Not only that, KSU Nongtrai Unit has no complaint against LUMPL regarding the destruction of the environment because the fact is that LUMPL will follow the rules of environmental protection as part of the programme. Environment Day and tree planting every year.
This award is for the students who have passed these various degrees for the years 2020 and
Police are still working hard to arrest all those involved.
While the match was still intense between the two, Sabalenka continued to improve her style of play in order to break Swiatek's lead before finishing the entire match with a goal. the victory in my four goals.
In this incident, both the houses were destroyed by the ground collapse as their houses are located lower down, the damage is still unknown, while the Rangbah Shnong of the village said. The damage to the house was caused by the entry of hands and garbage inside the house, and all the food and beverages were lost, the pipe water was thrown into the ground and the toilet in the house. Marcel is already two.
“The preparation of the state to host the National Games and as a state there will be many sports grounds that need to be built, and after the tournaments there must be a target to prepare to set up training facilities. There will also be hotels for the players that the state has not yet been able to have such facilities.
At present, there are 11,400 drug users in Meghalaya according to the Magnitude of Substance Use in India Survey released in June
Pynshngaiñ has announced that he will join the NPP but said that everything will be clear in the first month of the new year.
G20 Sherpa Amitabh Kant, in his speech, said that India firmly believes that the country should think and act unitedly in the field of space exploration.
i continue].
Mevani was arrested again on charges of assaulting government employees.
In the Folk Dance Group, Ialong Secondary School, Ialong came second, Lissi Pearl Secondary School, Mukhla came second and Mukhla Raij Secondary School, Mukhla came third.
“The NPP has never won the Rajabala Constituency, but this time it has won and this is only because the people have seen the work of the government led by Conrad K Sangma and what they have done. “People have seen the Congress government three years ago and the NPP-led MDA government three years ago and the NPP party will win in 2023,” he said.
The kings of Khadsawphra and Sutnga were brothers.
Glycine helps to improve sleep.
Health workers, 7 cases in East Khasi Hills, 6 cases in Nongthymmai, 7 cases from abroad.
Read Official Notification.
During the meeting, the HSPDP also submitted a petition to the Prime Minister to express its opposition to the Citizenship Amendment Amendment of the Central Government which is planned to be introduced in Parliament in the current session. .
“I will convene a meeting of all the villages in Laitkroh constituency to discuss this issue and a decision will be taken on this,” said Bah Carmel.
Police said that the shop was located opposite the Petrol Pump in Ladrymbai, Datsympeiñ.
In other offices, only employees recognized by the Government have the right and authority to perform office work or to explain the requirements of the offices when the public needs them.
New Delhi: The National Committee Meeting of the National People's Party (NPP) was held on Saturday at the Constitution Club of India, New Delhi. Meghalaya, Nagaland and Tripura.
Shillong, Nailur 30: The Superintendent of Police (SP) of East Khasi Hills District, Bah Mariahom Kharkrang today visited Umkrem village on the border with Bangladesh to explain to the VDPs and the people of Umkrem village. the village and surrounding areas such as Pyrdiwah and others how to prevent crime.
On the other hand, the Minister replied that the recommendation of the MSPCB to the government is up to the government whether it will accept or not, it does not mean that the government has to accept it.
If the NPP really wants Garoland, it should announce it this season before the MP elections next year.
The party's Vice President Allantry F Dkhar in the presence of the President of the UDP Women's Wing at the party office.
The union expressed its gratitude to Bah P Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah DP Wahlang, Principal Secretary Cum Chairman of MBOCWB for the release of financial assistance to the members of the board. members who have received a lot of help during this time of trouble.
He was taken to hospital, but doctors could not help him and he died, the report said.
Two other injured were taken to Tura Community Health Center for treatment.
When the Hati Sasawuna tried to cut down the tree, he couldn't, instead of running into the stream, he ran to a stream and after filling the Luta with water, he came. Then he went back to the top of the tree where the farmer was on a high hill and so on four or five times and the tree began to shake and slowly fall down immediately.
The staff has been directed to conduct inspections on the implementation of this scheme in at least 40 blocks and submit a report to the government.
The ceremony was held at the Soso Tham Auditorium in the presence of the Minister of State for Transport, HDR Lyngdoh.
“I am confident that the MDCs will appreciate my appointment, I am trying my best to please all the MDCs,” he said.
One night while I was thinking about these things, I remembered Bah Ardent saying, “I did what I did because it was the right thing to do.
In the past few years, there have been efforts by the State Government and the Central Government to improve and expand the roads in every village of Meghalaya as the roads are the source of income for the State. / Country.
Lambok Pohktai, Paulson Pohlong and Kitzy Pohlong have sung the song.
Besides, the union recalled that it has been almost four years since the State Government sent a resolution to the Central Government on the implementation of the ILP in the State but nothing has been done.
Speakers on the occasion were Samla Edmund Khongngai, Retired President of HYC Ri War Mihngi Circle who gave a speech of encouragement to the new members and leaders of the Circle.
Supporters of Bah Rowell said that in fact he had planned to retire in 2018 but the resignation from the post of Symbud Prime Minister has made him angry and that is the reason why he has decided to retire. he will be born in
Madankynsaw will be an example to other villages in Laskeiñ Block to follow its example in order to prevent the spread of COVID-1
At Parish Jowai, the day was marked by a wreath laying ceremony at the cemetery of the Jowai Catholic Church at Moosalangkat.
It can also be said that it is a serious sin because they have strayed from the teachings of God's Word, the Bible.
The KHADC will have to start again without starting this Bill,” said Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
Chiang D Shira will lead the team as manager.
However, he did not say whether the factory has been shut down completely.
The CM said that tourism will also create employment opportunities for about 50,000 people while the CM-Elevate will create about 50,000 jobs and about 20,000 jobs. in the IT sector.
The contest between Tharoor and Kharge was already known to put Tharoor in a difficult position to win as many believed that the Gandhians had decided to nominate Kharge who was also a supporter of the party. Unlike Tharoor, who also sent a letter along with 23 Congress leaders to demand elections for posts in their party.
“Regarding many of the issues that have been submitted to the Government since 2018, Samla Lambokstarwell said it is regrettable that many of the demands have ended up in the four corners of the Secretariat.
We will continue your work as you have done for our people,” wrote the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, son of Purno A Sangma.
“We have decided to charge T.3,000 per blang and we have informed the owners to come and pay the tax but so far, no one has come to own it,” he said.
“I have conducted a walk across India for about 4,000 kilometers or the Bharat Jodo Yatra to meet the people to understand their problems due to the tyranny of the BJP and “It's the RSS's responsibility,” said Rahul.
Referring to the match, it was indeed a beautiful match and which thrilled the spectators, as the players of these two teams, fought hard for the title. I'm from Mawhati Zone.
Shillong, Lber, 12: Shortly after the news spread on the YouTube channel of Batesi TV, a group of Khasi students and workers in Mumbai have visited Bah Hilarius Mukhim, a synsar farmer from Mumbai. The Farmers Producer Organization (FPO) has led the Mahalakshmi Saras Exhibition-2023 to take part in the exhibition of agricultural products at the Mahalakshmi Saras Exhibition-2023 which was held in Mumbai from 8th March. 10th to October 19th, 2023.
U Blei and crane shai kdar.
Children and young people have grown up and to go by the same old policy or strategies when people have changed, people are no longer accepting.
Later, Bhama came to Sharma's residence at about 10:30 am and threatened him if he went ahead with the case.
He hopes that he will be able to wear the sponge jacket again on the polling day on October 2, 2023 as he was dressed today.
These foreigners who sell on the streets or squares are from the DC office to Iaw Shyiap.
Shillong: The Meghalaya ASHA Workers' Union (MAWU) has not yet decided to send a Whatsapp message to the Minister to accept the promotion. government with a thousand rupees.
Conrad said the government is ready to provide testing facilities and health facilities in both the districts.
SK Sun said that the authority here regarding the establishment of factories in the state is the MSPCB even though the Commerce and Industries Department has issued the SWA. The MSPCB has issued a letter to close down within 14 days the 15 Coke Factories in Shallang.
The incident happened on Saturday night at about 11:00 pm in the 16th district of Marseille, which is also one of the poorest areas of the French capital.
On June 29, 1782, Lindsay wrote a letter about his good fortune to trade with the Khasi Jaintia Hima and said that within four years of trade he had earned a huge wealth of about £10,000-15,000 (Rs. .13 – Rs.19 Crore today) (Lindsay).
In UP, the President's Synshar has been elected more than 10 times.
The areas under Section 144 CrPC are from Hotel Assembly to City Dhaba, Nan Polok Road, the area where the Marriot Hotel is located, Urkaliar, Polo Hills, Quinton Road, Ee Cee Restaurant to Jail. Road Petrol Pump and will be open from 11:30 Pm onwards.
In Bangalore, Karnataka, it was another scheme to deposit money in vehicles and was discovered by the Income Tax officials, when they seized a vehicle, but and thou shalt find him in the court of a thousand suda, and thou shalt have him in the court.
-Speech was also delivered by Kitboklang Nongphlang and the meeting was conducted by Stephan Lyngdoh Adviser UDP. Build a Nongrum.
OM Roy, who has won the tournament three times, scored five goals in the first half and three goals in the second half to empty Umsaw.
He was speaking at a meeting with government officials of various departments on the implementation of drinking water supply for Vijayapura, Baleshwara and Tikota at Vidhana Soudha.
In particular, the MPHRC demands from the Government that the spirit of true democracy should not be reduced to mere symbols; true intentions together with actions shall be powerful tools for the achievement of peace, freedom and democracy that respects human rights and fundamental freedoms as a goal they are not at the top of the mountains.
The HNYF leaders said that as of now, there are even Khasi who support the proposal to build a road from Assam to the area. the people of Assam, whatever the case.
He died in an accident with a truck while he was returning home (Moobakhon) in his own car (Maruti Alto) on NH 06 near the village. Umtyra East Jaintia Hills District.
The meeting was opened by Riviancy Suchiang, a member of the PGS group.
These 12 medals include 6 gold, 2 silver and 4 bronze medals.
However, there have also been unpleasant allegations, comments and applause in the English newspapers and on social media.
The Adviser of Education, please have the right to find out the reasons.
At least 2.61 lakh households have now been supplied with water.
As the days and months passed, Rida grew taller and stronger and had a beautiful appearance and a perfect body.
The Meghalaya government has announced a donation of Rs 5 lakh to the families of the victims.
There are many view points on the Mawryngkhang ridges which offer a clear view not only of Mawryngkhang and Mawpator but also of the beautiful ridges and lyuh hills of Wahrew and Mawryngkhang. Wow Umnup.
It is worth mentioning that Bah HM Shangpliang along with many other MLAs left the Congress in November 2021 to join the Trinamool Congress.
Referring to this road, there are many villages which receive services from this road but they are the most poor villages in the area due to the backwardness of the village especially the lack of access to a good road like 24 years due to government negligence.
Pastor TW Swer who works in the Pastorate of KJP Eastern Synod.
During the search, police recovered 2 grams of heroin from Hubert and 10 grams of heroin from Banraplang.
In a statement, the BSF said that on Tuesday after receiving a tip, they conducted a search operation and seized a vehicle. They arrested the driver and the Indian passenger of the vehicle and seized the liquor from the vehicle.
Jowai, Nailur 6: The smuggling of coal from Jaintia Hills in violation of the NGT rules continues every day.
The 1000 years (millennium) is the time when God makes all things new.
Besides, many of those in the Cabinet are Christians, don't they know that Sunday is a holy day?
Police recovered 8.19 grams of heroin from the bodies of the suspects.
The Minister said that according to the laws of the Hima Mylliem, the Acting Syiem can be removed at any time with the permission of the District Council under Act No.8 of the Hima Mylliem.
Two suspected poachers have been seriously injured in a shooting incident in the Musalpur Division of the Manas National Park, Assam Police this month said. , Assam.
Speaking to these companies, they said that the reason for the lack of network is that many villages with tower networks use light, the batteries are not enough. don't back up many hours.
If the entire Congress AICC goes together, then it is legal and it is.
We don't know how far it is from the Riang River.
Nongpoh: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) Ri Bhoi District has lodged a complaint against three youths for misusing the seal of the party. in the area of ​​Byrnihat in Ri Bhoi.
To acquire knowledge will be a great challenge for you, me and everyone else unless there is hard work to overcome it.
Therefore, the payment is also based on the ability of the ASHAs to work as it is not a salaried job.
Dr Vijay Kumar Singh (Rtd.) said it is a pleasure to have increased air connectivity for the North East.
This comes after the State Government filed an action taken report on the mining.
On the Police Outpost in Block-2 under Raid Nongtung, Dasakhitabha Lamare said that as a leader, he has a great desire to complete the Police Outpost, so that the people in Raid Nongtung The area will be safe and through the Police Outpost, it will provide adequate services to the people living on the border.
He said that the allegation that the selection of textbooks is inadequate is not true because the textbooks have been selected by experts of various subjects appointed by the Board and have been selected by the best.
This is like a blessing, a gift, wealth and prosperity, income in our society.
The collection of money from trucks has prompted strong protest by truck drivers from Assam.
FIBROIDComplete.
In this regard, the WJDSA invites and invites all the people over 40 years of age (according to Epic/Aadhar) to come and take part in this tournament.
Killers of the Flower Moon also starred Robert De Niro and was produced by Apple.
According to Teinwel, there are about 39 Bills of the Council which have been pending for decades in the District Council Affairs (DCA) Department and the Governor's Office.
Set up entry exit points about 90 or 100 meters from each other on both sides of the colony for the entry and exit of residents of the colony.
He said that the work that Bah HDR Lyngdoh could not do in 25 years, he has now been able to do in 5 years. work from water, institutions.
He didn't write this because he was a city of Pahlat.
The President of India, Droupadi Murmu is likely to inaugurate the Meghalaya Games on the 15th and 16th of this month and also to lay the foundation stone for the Meghalaya Games. I'm going to build a ropeway project.
Rs 4.46 crore has already been released to Community Health Centers and Primary Health Centers to run the scheme.
“We must unite and be determined despite many challenges and we must be determined to move forward so that we can bring about change in the community,” said Bah Mayral.
Therefore, as it has been witnessed that this kind of beverage has entered every household, it is time to stop this kind of beverage which has been described as a wild animal and as young people they should not touch it. He should not enter the households but as young people who have responsibilities and goals in life they should avoid and be quick to drink this kind of drink.
To the east it has PWD road, Nongjyllieh, Kharbani land, Nongsiej land, Mawthung Kper, Wahkynshi and Wa Kha; to the west it has Mawthawphet, Sangriang and Nongstoin land.
Furthermore, the SNSBH is shocked by the news that the announcement issued by the government says that the government says that the announcement of the KHADC is unauthorized and illegal. , The District Council has issued a notice on 06th November 2015 empowering the Rangbah Shnong/Sordar Shnong to appoint the Rangbah Shnong/Sordar Shnong as per the Rules laid down by the KHADC (Appointment and succession of Chiefs and Headmen) Rules, 2015.
The Seng demands that the Minister of Animals and Husbandry Veterinary, Bah Sanbor Shullai, should take action on this issue.
“As of now, there has been no strong report from Langpih which could lead to any incident of ethnic riots, so such security forces will be deployed only in the “It's a dangerous place where problems can arise or where ethnic conflicts can arise,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
The HSPDP has sent a letter to the NPP Leader Conrad K Sangma saying that the HSPDP has not authorized the two MLAs Methodious Dkhar and Shakliar Warjri to support the government to lead the NPP. In a letter sent to Conrad, HSPDP President KP Pangniang and General Secretary Panborlang Ryntathiang said that the party has not authorized the two MLAs to support his government. seen in the media.
Speaking to media on 6th March 2021, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that he did not say that the UDP is enough but as he sees now, the people are turning more towards the UDP among them. all the nations.
He said the party is very concerned that the people are in turmoil because there are two groups, those who oppose and those who support the mining of uranium in the state.
She also discussed the definition of Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and Dorbar Hima in the Sixth Schedule.
The meeting was attended by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, Additional Chief Secretary PW Ingty and Prof Sandra Albert, Director IIPH-Shillong.
In a statement , Dr Batskhem , the party spokesperson , invited the people to attend the meeting to be held today at Mawryngkneng Market at 1 pm where the party candidate from Maryngkneng Constituency , u Bah H.Kharpran and Bah Ardent M.Basaiawmoit, President of the Party will give public explanations at the meeting.
They said that in the past years, the club has requested the government departments to allow the club to provide training on how to think in this regard, but it has not. got somewhere.
Swami Sivananda's passport shows that he was born on 8th July 1896 in Behala, India.
Students of 4 schools in Sohphoh including RCLP School, Saw Balang Presbyterian UP School, Sohphoh Govt LP School and Bamjatap SSA LP School have cleaned the roads and paths throughout the village. Sohphoh village on Thursday.
The deadline for submission of application forms will be on or before 5th November and there will be a cash prize for the winners and the forms can be obtained from the office of the Rangbah Shnong of Nongpoh Proper.
However, it was difficult for him to find a man who had the bright and beautiful face he needed.
JA Lyngdoh, who was running on the BJP ticket at that time, lost the MLA election in 2018 to the incumbent MLA, Adelbert Nongrum.
Real Kashmir are in third place with 17 points from nine games.
In a statement sent by the General Secretary of SNSUS, Bah Gilbert Laloo, he said that all the village leaders and the people will continue to give their strong support in the future. u Hynniewtrep not to be misled or mislead the people but to come forward to support for the demands related to the Jaidbynriew.
He said that the state has a threat from the influx of people from India and not from other countries and therefore this Act will not prevent that and what can prevent the He said that the KHADC has passed Bills which can protect the Khasi Clan Bill and one of them is the Khasi Clan Bill. Rangbah Kur, “We have a plan to strengthen the Kurs because as it is now, Thapa has Thabah, Sharma has Sawkmie, we have about 4000 Kurs. exceed.
The day was filled with songs and dances by the teachers and youth of Khadsawphra.
The court also imposed a fine of T.3 lakh against Suakngura.
Karim Benzema has signed a contract for Al-Ittihad after leaving Real Madrid and Al-Nasr have signed Cristiano Ronaldo in November. of the previous year.
“You can imagine how much it affects the development of the country.
The students were taken on tours around Silchar, Guwahati and Shillong.
He said that only her skin was swollen and did not match Bolsonaro's 37-year-old wife, Michelle Bolsonaro.
“It is not only us who sell fish who have been affected but especially the daju who live from the transportation of goods to the market. “They don't get jobs anymore and not only that, even those who earn their living from selling sha are also affected,” she said.
The event was also enriched by the songs of Bah Banker Kharkongor, the children of Sacred Heart Girls, Om Roy HSS, Mawlai and Phudmuri Presbyterian HSS, Mawlai.
Tynsong said he understood the views of the members who spoke on the main issue.
Yearly Mukhim scored 4' and Monme Mynsong 9'.
Many teachers are still teaching the existing system in 2023 because there is no new notification to supercede the existing system. you do.
Pahammawlein 20Mer won 3-0 in the match, but it was a very interesting match, especially in the presence of the people of the area. .
If we call the Dorbar Shnong the Dorbar Shnong, which should not be corrupt, then we should hold a clean election so that politics will be as clean as the Dorbar Shnong.
The CM's investigation team has filed a chargesheet against the accused under the Anti-Terror Law, the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act (UAPA) and other laws.
Bah Thomas Passah of KHNAM, VPP which has not announced its candidate yet and other political parties will announce when the election is near.
The MDC recalled that in the recent dorbar, the UDP through its MLA, Bah Renikton Tongkhar, brought into the House the issue of the Roster System. surprise the Government and the educated youth.
The main reason for the lack of opportunity for many children to go to school or educate themselves is due to poverty in which their parents have to struggle to provide for the needs of their children. only in the matter of food, drink, and clothing.
Nongpoh, June 19: The office of the Medical and Health Officer, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh has announced that there will be a vaccination campaign for children from 19th to 26th June
The reporter has learned that some of the relatives of the patients have received answers that the staff are still drinking, they are still drinking, but they said that it has surprised them that the drinking to the bamja takes. They said that if it is not the time to eat but there should be one to eat one should not just stop working and eat all because this is a health center not like other offices. .
