Sinha also denied that presidential rule would come to Meghalaya, saying that the BJP relies on transparent democracy and the people of Meghalaya will vote for the BJP in the upcoming elections. Shillong: The NEIGHRIMS Hospital has decided to hold examinations for vacancies in Jaipur and Assam, which has caused problems to the students and job seekers of the state. Meghalaya is home to the Khasi people.
The Union has directed the Dorbar Shnongs to send two representatives, the Rangbah Shnong and the Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong, to the meeting to discuss the Government's lack of action and the delay of the Governor. to approve the VAB of KHADC and JHADC, to adopt the Constitution of the Union of Village Authorities of Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
These devices are also able to provide information to the engine of the bus to find the nearest and most suitable road and route for travel.
The Basketball Tournament for the celebration of International Women's Day organized by the District Sports Promotion Society of South West Khasi Hills District has ended today. Rangblang (A) SC won the title by scoring 60 to 10 points against Health Department Mawkyrwat.
These appeals, under certificates, arise out of the writ petitions filed by the respondents in the High Court of Assam and Nagaland, challenging the validity of the United Khasi-Jaintia Hills District (Application of Laws) Regulation V of 1952 promulgated by the Governor of Assam under paragraph 19 (1) (b) of the Sixth Schedule to the Constitution, the notification dated September 8, 1961, issued thereunder extending thereby the Eastern Bengal and Assam Excise Act, 1910 to the United Khasi-Jaintia Hills District.
In this state, there are two types of sohmyndong; one which is rounded and stronger in stalk and is called 'kagzi nimbu', and the other which is rounded and called 'pati nimbu'
On the women's side, Archana Kamath won the first match, which led PSPB to return to the title.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah D Nongbri said that as SSA teachers, they are still relying on the government where there is a delay in the payment of salaries but until now they have received their salaries. salary is unstoppable.
“Many times I feel like we are the tax collectors who have to pay what the government gives us because we don't know how much we collect per year so that we can understand the share that the council is entitled to receive,” he said.
This year, 20 trainees have registered for the training including 6 trainees from Jowai Territorial Division, Meghalaya and 14 trainees from Chakma Autonomous District Council, Kamalanagar. Mizoram.
He said that attempts have been made to seek assistance and especially treatment from all over the country, but they have not helped.
This is the Christmas season for many Christians, about 740 years before the birth of the King of Kings and Lord of Lords Jesus Christ, the Prophet Isaiah prophesied: he gave birth to a son, he gave him to us; and the government shall be upon his shoulder: and his name shall be called Wonderful, Counsellor, The mighty God, The everlasting Father, The Prince of Peace.
At present, it is clear that the Supreme Court has not recognized the Jaintia District Council Act, which was passed in 2015 and the reason is because the Council has not been able to verify. that this Act covers all the powers of the Dolloi in Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Naiwieng 5: The Governor of Meghalaya, Dr KK Paul, has strongly condemned the killing of four policemen by militants in South Garo Hills.
However, the United States, under the Taiwan Relations Act 1979, has already agreed to provide Taiwan with security equipment so that Taiwan can defend itself from attack. or attack by other external forces.
When he was cast out, he became the devil and Satan, an enemy of man and a rebel against God.
This decision was taken after a meeting between the Sordar of Raid Mukertila and the Rangbah Shnongs of the Raid. day in Pynursla.
“According to the Commission of Inquiry Act 1952, the report must be submitted to the Legislative Assembly starting on 9th November 2022,” he added.
On the same day, there will also be a commemoration of the 181st Anniversary of the establishment of Lower Primary Schools in the Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
From the residents of Jarain, West Jaintia Hills Mr. Tam Pamthied Member Village Phone.
Politics has the magic power to attract a lot of people.
God promises to be with them until the end times.
The Holy Mass will begin at 10 pm followed by the Procession of Mary at 1:30 pm.
Sangma, Locking Ch.
“The threat of the Karbi is to intimidate them (Pnar) to speak out and demand their rights when they want to return to their own state,” he said.
We call any man who has a strong character, who is responsible for the affairs of the household, the village, the community and the kingdom.
Shillong: The Comptroller and Auditor General of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that there is no need to panic, although the state is in dire need of funds. (CAG) has warned that the state's failure to respond will lead to shrip in the field.
He hoped that Phase II of the demarcation will be done through mutual agreement between the two states in which there will be a few plus and minus with the participation of both sides.
The Chairman of ISRO at that time, K. Sivan, was shocked by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi.
The number of new cases has risen to 2,590, bringing the total number of cases to 14,000, making it the worst case to date.
The group has threatened the MDCs of GHADC and especially the Chief Executive Member Alphonse A. Sangma.
Besides, on the fourth day, they held another Shad ka tem in which the children of thousands came out in traditional costumes to perform the ritual.
Mawkyrwat, July 07 : The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) today held a marathon at Mawkyrwat, South West Khasi Hills District today as part of the celebration of its 10th Anniversary. West Khasi Hills District which started from IB PWD (Roads) and ended at the same place.
Zechariah2:8.
When asked about the candidate, he said the RDA will soon hold another meeting on this issue.
Besides these office bearers, Organizing Secretaries from different constituencies of Mawlai constituency including Bah Miktor Lapang (Mawsiatkhnam), Bah Kit Nongbsap (Mawtawar), Kongdeng Marbaniang (Mawkynroh), Bah RN Syiem and Elkin were also elected. Massar (Kynton Massar), Bah Danny Mukhim, Kong D Marbaniang, N Marbaniang, T Kshiar, Wanda Kharsyntiew (Mawdatbaki), F Nongkynrih and Kong Happy Pyrtuh (Mawroh), W Sawkmie (Mali-I, II, III), Bah Cagetan Lamare (Phudmuri) Kit Sun (Umjaïur), Mercina Nongkseh and Banri Marbaniang (Motsyiar), Samuel Biam (middle), Barthol Sohlang, Bit Syiem and Bi Sawkmie (Sillakariah), Synshar Maiong, Lucy and Mitimai Basaiawmoit (Nonglum), Pinky Majaw AN Lyngdoh and Dondor Basaiawmoit (Iewrynghep), BL Nongbri and M Lyngdoh (Nongkwar), Lamphrang Mylliemumlong (Umthlong), S. Pakyntien (Bei) and Hehbok Swer (Blow).
Milton said the GNLA has attacked many places in Garo Hills and it was Sohan's plan but they should not plan that the GNLA is doing it. Shillong, Naiwieng 20: A vehicle collided at Anjalee Petrol Pump on the Anjalee Petrol Pump Road this afternoon. The reason for this is because of the police raid of taxis and a fine of T.500 for carrying six passengers.
Daniel 1:12-20.
Others who attended the function included Dr. I.Kjam, District Veterinary Officer, Dr. Lambor Suchen, SDO MSSDS, R. Shadap, DMM, MSRLS, Dr. JN Shullai, Director MCSWA, DSP Crime WJHD; C.W.Lyngdoh MPS. The meeting was conducted by Sunita Suna (PM-MCSWA0) while AJ Nongkynrih, Chief Official MCSWA, welcomed the guests. which have turned into very important businesses in the world.
They carry the bsein and also carry the kait leaves, to cleanse the bsein and then to eat the meat of the bsein.
However, in the past, due to the involvement and support of the people involved in the illegal mining and quarrying of coal, the loss of revenue was terrible and many people died in the mining of coal. The court has asked the security forces from the central government to stop the illegal activity.
Jowai: West Jaintia Hills District today celebrated its 49th Anniversary at a function held at the Conference Hall of the DC Office.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday strongly condemned the cleanliness drive on Sunday, March 1, by the Government of India.
It has led him to score 10 goals in the I-League.
He said that so far, there are about 15 district council laws pending in the government.
Those who violate the law will be punished, the DC said. Pataka vendors have been given time to sell from 10 pm on the 6th and 7th. From 8 pm to 10 pm, those who throw flags for religious or festive purposes will have to obtain permission from the DC's office and if without permission they will be prosecuted.
He said that the CPI under his leadership has all the relations with the people of Khasi Jaintia, although he has not gone to campaign everywhere.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022, actress Mandira Bedi said she is happy to be able to take part in the Games. sun.
These include 2 gold, 4 silver and 7 bronze medals.
AIS SujaWe live in the days of the proclamation of the Word of God.
In the 50+ Men's Doubles, Lalnunsiama and Ambrose Gatphoh won the title by defeating Salan Paswet and Teddy Laloo 23-21, 21-1
Work together for the future or disaster awaits everyone – and those who use as well as those who do not use drugs.
It is on this basis that NEHU has convened an emergency meeting of the Academic Council on 28th October, 2023 to prepare a new curriculum and Credit Framework for the students of the colleges. in the NEP
Speaking on the issues and principles they have for the constituency and the state, all the candidates proposed that only a clean governance can ensure that the rights and interests of the people are theirs.
“The Principal District and Session Judge shall ensure that all the requirements for the operation of the courts proposed to be built and to introduce technology as it will assist in the smooth operation of the courts. of the courthouse.
The incident of that woman six months ago, should have shocked the State Government, to be prepared in its health centres, so that there will be no such tragic incidents; but perhaps they have not remembered to do anything and now, such a tragic incident has happened again for the second time and we don't know whether we have been prepared or not. there shall be no more disaster, the third, the fourth time.
In the incident, another robber escaped from the scene.
The final match between Meghalaya and Karnataka will be broadcast on a giant screen.
It is our efforts to make it easier to work in business in the private sector of the country so that individuals and private entities in the country can assist the people of the country in the facilitation of working in the business.
“We have decided to take part in the meeting after receiving the documents which we have asked for clarification on this plan of the government.
We are surrounded by many other nations and have their own customs and traditions which are completely different from ours.
The final match will be between Dongshyiap and Mawlyndiar, said a statement from the President Bah CS Marbaniang.
“If you remember Bah AL Hek was the President of the BJP Meghalaya from 2003 to 2006 so the term of office of the President is three years and not two years as Bah Hek said,” said Bah Mawrie.
In Shnongpdeng, there was a fire outage, which started at 8.30 pm and at the time of writing of this news, the fire has not gone out.
Dr. KB Hedgewar, a freedom fighter, launched the RSS with the aim of establishing a Hindu Nation or Hindu Rashtra.
Meanwhile, for Mawthadraishan and Mairang constituencies, it has decided to hold a public meeting on October 1, 2016 at Mairang Market.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday said that if the district authorities and the Cantonment Board do not take action to expel the illegal immigrants from the survey, The union will come and remove it and if they don't do anything it will turn into a motor park which is still waiting to be relocated.
The ceremony was attended by the Wahadadar of Shella Confederation, Swami Maharaj of Ramkrishna Mission Sohra, Presidents, Secretaries, Rangbah and women from near and far.
Shillong will be divided into more zones and after this there will be regular monitoring of drug users, drug dealers in collaboration with government departments, Dorbar Shnongs, Social Welfare Department including the Health Department,” he said.
If I am not mistaken, there is only one Chief Justice and one Justice, which means there are only two.
The program was conducted by Samla Tishu Khongsit and a short speech was delivered by Bah Rishang Mawkhiew Rangbah Shnong of Krohiawhiar. Chief Guest and finally a short speech was delivered by the Chief Guest who expressed his gratitude to the youth of Krohiawhiar for being far-sighted and hardworking youth.
Your action will ensure the immediate administration of justice and the immediate punishment of those involved in this crime,” Marak said in the letter.
Differences of opinion between the leaders and MLAs will continue to arise within the Congress, as it is a party that follows the Constitution but this party will organize and ensure that it does not affect the power and He said this to reporters after opening a meeting with the party workers, which was held by the party leader, who is in charge of Meghalaya.
At the same time, the Minister urged the travelers and tourists to inform the state government if they have received the right vaccine so that the government can get it. ability to keep accurate counts and records.
The Cabinet led by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, also approved the appointment of four other members of the Expert Committee at a meeting held on Thursday. .
In the letter, JA CATAM said that the government has divided the teachers into three categories including Adhoc, Improved, Deficit Pattern and Deficit System teachers.
“The deadline of two months has expired and it is known that these committees have already submitted their report to the government but the government has not listened until these days,” said the President of FKJGP. These committees were set up after the Sengbhalang demanded the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in the state.
The medals won by the state athletics team today were in the athletics category after the state athletes won bronze medals in the 4×100 category. Kyrshanlang Shylla, Repol Dkhar, Renaldi Dkhar and Henry Yoga A Sanga finished in 44:22 seconds while Ritina Hanse won the third. She won the silver medal in the women's 400M after finishing in 1:0
It is learned that due to the complaint of the poor ration distributors, many villages have felt sorry for the distributors and have paid at a higher price, some have paid at T.5 per kilo, some have They pay T.6 per kilo in some villages in Pynursla Block and other places.
Motorsports Club 04:86 Brotherhood, Jowai on Saturday donated food items, clothes and other items to the children of the Children's Home. , Revelation.
We will ensure that MDA-II will do its best to provide for the people unlike in previous years,” he said.
In the last match, Khlieh Asem SC beat Mawlang SC 4-1 on penalties. The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) coalition government has fought hard with the goal of winning the title. The residents of Them Iewmawlong have been transferred to another place but it is not yet known how fast the work will be completed before the MLA elections. to 2023.
India has banned 47 apps from China after banning 59 apps from China a month ago.
The competition has been going on since last month when Gokhale has been protesting against the government's corruption in all aspects from the irregularities in the Smart City scheme, the corruption in MeECL, etc. On the other hand, the Deputy Chief Minister, with his regret and knowledge, strongly criticized the TMC spokesperson and said that if he really wants to be a hero, he should come to Shillong to talk and discuss. .
Maremdor Sutnga, who played well in tied and bowling, was named Player of the Match after taking 4/21 wickets for WKH and scoring 34 runs.
Honey can cause weight loss and obesity.
“The people working at the Secretariat have treated the employees of JHADC as well as the Chief Executive Member as robbers when we went to demand the release of the people. the remaining share of the council from the State Government.
Ummulong Police from Thursday night to Saturday night have tried their best to move the vehicles, but due to the inability to move these trucks and the heavy traffic jam, the traffic has been jammed until now.
Ri-Bhoi Police have found out the cause of the murder of this young man, and the reason is because he took a bottle of kyiad from one of those arrested for the murder.
He said that some rural villages have achieved this goal and therefore, there is no problem for the government to achieve this.
This job also required her to travel frequently.
In connection with this tournament, the Association hopes to be able to set the date in July and the games will be held on Saturdays so that it will not affect the tournament. education and school for children.
Paliar said that she went to stay in Mawthir because her mother sent her. She alleged that after she arrived in Mawthir, her brother-in-law and the Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong. They did not allow her to take her children and for this reason they accused her of disturbing the village.
In Exodus 18:21 – Take from among all the people men of understanding, such as fear God, men of righteousness, men who hate wickedness.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah LG Nongsiej, while speaking on many issues related to the election, also distinguished the elections in the past by saying that the current election. It is very different from the previous elections because in the past when the people came to listen to the election campaigns of different parties they looked first at the policies of the parties which were written in the manifestos. but now it has become a manifesto of money.
“The accused has no right to tarnish the image of Tura Garo Hills and the Achik people,” said the union.
This village is indeed a Nongkyndong village, because it is 95 KM from Umsning and these people who live in this village, face many problems, because they have been left without children in many of the leaders who have gone before.
It is worth mentioning that the police have increased the security with weapons, sticks and also prepared tear gas bombs and fire trucks.
It is learned that the demand for money is not only from the coal owners and truck drivers but also from the market dwellers and farmers.
“In our opinion, in our opinion, they had their own purpose and we don't know why they chose to join the NPP in the midst of the conflict of interests, which they promised before the election. We don't know how they will fix it but the party says clearly that when they join the group they will fix their work we don't know, but the people have elected you on the basis of their work and if you don't achieve these things, we will hold a protest.
Similarly, the government should transport its employees by bus.
On the other hand, he urged the leaders of the area from MLAs, MDCs and others to come forward for the sake of the people.
Meanwhile, Babu ED Nongsiang, a teacher at H. Elias School, Shillong, said that the High Court of Meghalaya has ruled that non-government school teachers are more dedicated and hardworking than government school teachers.
On the 25th of this month, the group left the overnight camp at Wah Lukha and walked for another three hours to reach Brichyrnot village and return home.
On this day, the meat of the goats sacrificed on that day was also distributed among the believers, relatives and neighbours.
“In the first round against Orissa, the game was 2-1
The Rangbah Shnong, SS Langi, Chairman Shnong Briwon Pohshna and Secretary Shnong Pyrkhatbha Lamare have lodged a complaint against these 20 persons for allegedly entering the ground floor and inside their house. and also to threaten them during the march to show a sign of protest against the allegation that these village leaders have violently ruled the village.
He said that the incident occurred when the Karbi came to destroy the tree trees planted by the village in the village forest on the 12th of November this year which had destroyed about 600 trees.
In East Khasi Hills, 2123 candidates have registered from 1st July 2018 to 31st November 2018, and counting the unemployed candidates from East Khasi Hills, there are 9314 candidates.
What is the opinion of the State Government on this?”, said Bah Titos.
The case was discovered on the 13th of June and the authorities have arrested these leaders and at the same time they have released these believers who were very weak at that time. they were found in the forest.
Speaking to reporters, the Daju Iewduh said that their meeting with the CEM was in vain as he did not listen to the request and request for time. They said that the district council and the Hima Mylliem should stop the plan to arrest the daju who are wearing uniforms, but they said that they have been forced to wear the uniform and if they don't wear it, The CEM said that they will not act according to the authority.
He expressed his gratitude and special praise to these children who will represent the State in the tournament to be held in Bangalore from 30th September to 10th October
Bindo's remarks came after the NPP and the United Progressive Front (UPF) have claimed that the Lamphang seat has not been decided to be given to the UDP, but has been given to the UDP. Dr Donkupar was respected at that time because he was an elder and a father.
Eagle FC (Mynsngad) beat Turchaphrang FC (Thadbamon) 2-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
Nongpoh: U Samla Lester Nongbet, General Secretary of KSU Umsning Circle, today appeared before the Umsning Police Outpost. Various units have accompanied him on his way to the police station in Umsning.
A Srinivasu said Amrit Mahotsavka is a celebration of India's 75 years of victory.
Take these mixtures in your hands and apply to your whole face for about 15 minutes.
They were ordered not to continue working by the officer of the department, RS Syiem on the 1st of June.
“We cannot say anything yet because we are waiting for the decision or order of the court,” said Bah Donbok as he left the court.
We have seen this during the arrest of the President of the VPP, Bah Ardent M.Basaïawmoit, until the party had to request those YouTubers to be responsible in the way of producing information. .
“He said that Bah Pala's opposition to the step taken by the MDA government to resolve the border between Meghalaya and Assam is unfounded because of himself. although he won three terms as MP, he could not do anything.
Consciousness :- Consciousness /consciousness.
NESO Chairman Samuel B Jyrwa said on Friday that the NESO expresses its deep sorrow over the ongoing situation in Manipur.
My relationship with the UDP is stronger than many people think and the credit goes to the late Dr Donkupar Roy who was my political leader.
The presentation of these signs in part II is the best time to father.
In the Open Category, Richard L Jongte came second (6 points), Paiada Ohi Lhuid came second (5.5 points) and Huron Y Buam came third (5.5 points).
Shillong: The FSOMA Club (TRMMA) has won six medals at the National Kickboxing Federation Cup 2020-21, which ended recently in Delhi, Uttarakhand.
“We are delighted that the Reliance Foundation Young Champs Naupang League has come here, because it is also the first time and everyone is delighted.
We will request to release Meghalaya because we don't know how many students have not been able to take the examination or who have been affected by this incident.
Shillong, Nailar 3: The Meghalaya Government Nurses Service Association (MGNSA) has demanded the establishment of a Directorate of Nursing like in other states of India to improve the working conditions of nurses in the state.
How can schools manage when there are no teachers teaching in different subjects?
She said that the opposition parties like the UDP, HSPDP and others cannot compete with Mukul Sangma and it is clear in the Legislative Assembly where he can speak alone.
We also hope that we will settle the border with this neighboring state to the north of our Khasi Hills at the same time.
“If the NHIDC cannot provide the necessities such as revenue collection points, it is better to stop the implementation of Fastag because it is a barrier to the movement of the people,” said Erwin. To provide adequate infrastructure at all toll gates and to implement the old system of collection of revenue, namely by cutting slips for the convenience of the public.
Nongstoin, June 01: The Joint Action Committee of Shallang Area under the leadership of Harly Synshiang President and Robert Sohbar General Secretary on Friday inspected the PHC at Shallang. The JAC was accompanied by members of the Khasi Student Union Mawshyn Circle.
Our part is over.
It was seen that in these days even the Mawlai Bus Stand which used to be less traffic jam has started and it was seen that Assam vehicles have entered these narrow roads and it was seen that Assam vehicles have left the road. It is now nearly on all the roads around Shillong to enter and leave which is called the shortcut.
He said that the NHIDCL will punish the contractor for leaving the job without doing anything.
The prisoners are now forced to sit in isolation from each other following an order issued by President Nayib Bukele, in which he ordered the prisoners to sit in isolation for the purpose of 24 hours.
Besides, what enriched the festival was the traditional dance and song from various seiñ raij.
He said that the reason for the withdrawal of these billions of rupees is because they do not want to earn illegal wealth.
Other speakers included the Director of C&RD, SC Sadhu, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills, Bah Batlang S Sohliya, IAS and others.
The arrested person was taken to court after police investigation.
He said the price is about T.300 for the small ones and more expensive for the larger ones and they are very sturdy.
Dr. HH Mohrmen has also written books including “The Journey to the Land of the Heroes, 2004, The Faith of the Unitarian Church in Questions and Answers, 2010, The Kotkti 2015 and General Information on Religions .
Nongjri Youth Rising scored three goals in the 13th, 17th and 29th minutes while Young Boys scored one goal in the 58th minute. to score in the 49th and 53rd minutes of the second half.
Rynsun is used in different ways to cook a variety of foods.
St Joseph Higher Secondary School, Nongkasen has won 13 gold, 8 silver and 10 bronze medals in the Inter School Athletics Meet The tournament was organized by the District Sports Officer, in collaboration with the Forum for Change and Upliftment (FOCUS) which ended at Madan Dommawlum, Pyndengumiong, Mairang.
However, the government will try to find out these delays wherever they occur.
The death toll has risen to 368 today, bringing the total number of deaths to 1,8
Furthermore, it was said that pyrjong and skain in the farms should be controlled by using pyrjong pesticides.
He also gave a contact number 9233271283 for the public to report any complaints to him, in order to conduct a clean, transparent, free and smooth election.
Hamas claims that one of its leaders, Mohammed Fayyad, was killed in an Israeli strike.
“They shall die a painful death, they shall not be lamented, neither shall they be buried; and they shall be as stubble in the face of the earth, by the sword and by the pestilence: and their dead bodies shall be meat unto the fowls of the heaven, and unto the beasts of the earth.
The body of Akoijam Nonganba (40) son of former Minister of State (Late.
Tremiki Lamurong scored a hat-trick in the 63rd, 76th and 77th minutes.
The Behdeinkhlam festival of Seinraij Tuber will start on Pynsin (14th November) when the Wah side will rise to the Neiñ side with a dance and joy.
He said the Punjab government has tightened security after the news.
According to the court, if the CEO fails to pay the fine, he will face imprisonment for up to two months.
On the 12th, starting at 4:30 pm, all the households of the Khun Raij will hold the Deiñkhlam in their households.
The KHADC has temporarily suspended the authority from the Dorbar u Syiem of the Hima Sohra after the unrest in the Hima.
They meet or talk to the ministers only at the secretariat, the ministers obey with surprise.
Pastor Basaiawmoit also filed his nomination papers as an independent candidate, but was supported by the CPF and two political parties, the HSPDP and KHNAM. He hopes to win this election and appeals to the people to support him in this election.
Furthermore, free rice, ie rice under the PMGKAY scheme, will be distributed at the rate of 5 kilos per head for those who do not have AAY and PHH ration cards. The government has directed all FPS dealers not to destroy the food items under the PMGKAY, NFSA and Non-NFSA schemes. those consumers who do not yet have Aadhaar Card and those who have lost their ration cards.
The NESO urges the people of the North East to join hands during the curfew, as this will be a clear message to the Government of India that the North East is not the country. place to break the poiei from different countries.
He said that there are 10 players from Meghalaya in the two teams who will take part in the tournament.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 61763 out of which 55648 have recovered and 1031 have died.
He said that for those students who are expecting to get their results earlier, it is a great benefit when their results come out early. The results will be available on the website www.nehu.
The Cabinet will meet on Thursday and at this meeting, the State Government will also decide to announce three medical colleges in the State.
The development of traditional farming methods, organic farming, other types of fertilizers, new innovations such as nano fertilizers and bio fertilizers can help in the recovery of the environment.
Therefore, in view of such incidents, the authorities in charge of the welfare of the village, have warned the owners of the houses not to allow the open house to foreigners without getting the necessary proof. Residential Certificate and Character Certificate, in addition, they should inform the Matabor of the village to prevent any unpleasant and immoral incidents.
The HNLC's goal is not separation or integration but we are determined to get recognition as a nation whether inside or outside India. .
The Minister also launched three Bolero pick ups under the Mission Organic Value Chain Phase-I. Mukhla Umlangchor and Madankynsaw Mookyndeng have qualified for the final after The semifinal of the Third Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) was held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Monday.
Media reports said that after being found not wearing the hijab, which is the religious custom of Muslim women, they were arrested and fined.
In an order issued today while hearing the PIL, a bench of judges including Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Justice Sanjib Banerjee, Chief Justice, Justice HS Thangkhiew and Justice W.Diengdoh, the High Court said that the government has done what is necessary to curb the illegal mining and smuggling of coal. “However, the incident of overturning of a coal truck in Ri-Bhoi which appeared in the newspapers on Tuesday shows the government's failure. The High Court said.
Remember us in your prayers so that we can continue to serve you faithfully and efficiently.
Shillong, November 10: Shillong Police have earned T.61,200 tyngka from fines on wrong vehicles.
“Our struggle is not for any ethnic group, but for the government to do something about the problem of youth from the Roster System and unemployment,” said Dr Myrboh. .
However, Ryntih, taking advantage of the lack of personnel, improved their play and in the 64th minute, Badon Dupar scored another goal.
Bah Komik Khongjirem from Wahkhen has been awarded the National Music Academy Award (2002).
““Since 2018, the Government has opened the door for the youth through the Prime Hub to start their own businesses but our MLA doesn't know anything.
Regarding the continuation of the contractor, Bah Receive Pator, as the leader of the KSU in the area, said that the KSU wants to know whether the Hima Nongspung has A complaint has been lodged against the contractor, as the construction of the road is going smoothly and as it is now, it is only to be completed and almost completed.
The Ministry of Home Affairs (MoHA) will issue a new curfew from 4th June 2020 and there will be a release in many districts of the country. In India.
He said that after submitting the tenders and implementing the works, the government has calculated the money from the salaries of the workers which the contractors should receive.
The Chief Minister said that there are about 500 meters of the affected areas in the Umngi River and the loss of banks is about 5 to 10 meters.
Shillong: The Arts and Culture Department of the State Government on Saturday, in the presence of the Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Sanbor Shullai, Commissioner and Secretary Bah FR Kharkongor, Director and others, honored the Arts and Culture Department. The 81st birth anniversary of Babu Soso Tham was celebrated at the KJP Assembly Conference Hall in Shillong.
Jowai, July 14: The farmers of Khliehtyrchi village have been fortunate to have the opportunity to take part in the 23 days training which started today.
He used to take part in singing and drama, as a child in the customs, which used to be practiced in the village.
The purpose of this agreement with the Govt.
Can these teachers prove that our students are not getting jobs with prestigious status like IAS, MCS, etc., or youth unemployment in all these years since we accepted the CBCS to date? The problem is that the teachers have been members of the Academic Council for many years but they have never asked questions about this until now, when the CBCS is almost out of the curriculum.
We have seen clearly that our daily lifestyle and activities in economic development are closely related to the health of the environment.
New villages: Model Village, Umduba, Umnowe, Amden, Iongkhul, Nengrabil, Lalmati, Billingku, Shibra, Mawiong, Santipur, Langkaduh and Umlathu.
There will be six categories in the tournament in which the players will take part in different categories such as Men's Single, Women's Single, Team Event, Men's Double, Women's Doubles, Men's Veteran, Women's Doubles, Junior. boys, bad junior girls.
In Gujarat, the BJP claims to be the hometown of Modi and Amit Shah.
All the countries of the world know and understand that these days they are in the midst of anxiety and panic over the spread of the coronavirus (coronavirus) which has spread all over the world.
Therefore, once again I demand that the politicians, engineers in charge and black list the company should be investigated and punished and at the same time an inquiry should be handed over to the CBI on this matter so that all the facts can be revealed,” he said. and Mawrie.
He added that according to sources from the constituency, all these are going to support the party candidate.
Early that day she came home and immediately began to work happily.
Although the state government has introduced the Aqua Mission, the fish stocks in the state are still very low.
It is learned that while the crowd from Jetra, Kakija, Gopgre, Mitap, Silki, Deku, Warima and Rajaronggat were protesting at the rally, police came to drive them away. but at that time, the crowd, which was already angry with the police, stirred up and it was then that the violence broke out.
Dr Aman said that if people bring clarity that the vaccine cannot work, it is enough but they have not been able to explain it and that is only what they hear from time to time.
He said that many ministers have not even come to their offices and this shows that they have not taken any action to get the approval for the ILP as soon as possible. On the other hand, COMSO will go to all the places where the Ministers of the State Government will hold meetings.
“We have talked well even in the party by telling them that if they cannot work hard and if they understand that they cannot come back, we will have to allow others who want to contest and who have the desire to serve. to the people,” said Dr Mukul.
KSU Narpuh Circle General Secretary Ma Sanatomba Bamon said that the sulphate content has exceeded 200mg/l according to the minimum recommendation for domestic use. .
The MDA government, Bhalang parties and the indigenous people of Meghalaya have also expressed their opposition to the Bill because they are afraid that the foreigners who came from Bangladesh will overwhelm us.
It is also learned that a woman, who is the wife of one of the contractors working inside the gold mine, on that day, arrived at the place, along with the crowd and she was crying. and she cried bitterly over the incident, along with the calling out of the name of her husband.
Shillong, Nailur 2: The Council of Traditional Dorbar (KHADC) today held a meeting with the participation of the Chief Executive Members and MDCs. The Plenary Session of all the Chief Executive Members in November this year will be announced later on the date.
Shillong, Iaiong 27: Ka Seng HITO-EJH can no longer just watch or listen to what has happened in the media regarding the garbage in Jowai which has shaken the entire state. From the government, the relevant authorities, the elaka, the villages where there have been many objections from many sides.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma in 2008 had only T.3 crore while in 2013 it has increased to T.14 crore.
In the meantime, the state has witnessed rapid progress in the health sector.
NTC Chairman Bah CB Syiem, Bah Bull Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong of Nongpoh and other village leaders announced this for the public.
Later, there was talk of converting the Shillong Medical College into a Medical College, but while talking to experts, when James Sangma took over as Minister at that time, he abolished the Shillong Medical College. College and remains single until now.
Holando said that the Amlarem MLA as a minister, although he holds powerful departments including the DCA, has violated the rights of the district council.
The purpose of removing these posters is to allow the people to judge for themselves after hearing and witnessing the explanations of the candidates of the political parties. in this state.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has issued a notice to inform that there are many citizens who have changed their caste and have not accepted their Khasi caste using an affidavit. '.
Hep turned away and said, “Let's see...” So without speaking clearly he went on his way.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Secretary stressed the need to receive and use solar electricity in the Union Territory as soon as possible.
The attack came after the funeral of General Qadem Soleimano, the chief of the army, in which there was a public call to action. war and kill the United States.
Out of the 814 candidates who sat for the examination, 20 women passed and out of these 17 candidates passed the interview and 12 candidates passed and out of these only 2 candidates got jobs. and on the other hand 22 men who passed were appointed while women were not employed.
The death toll in Palestine has risen to 9,000 and 1,400 in Israel.
Could this be the case when the decision taken in 1972 through the rules of the RP was that if these land cannot be filled within three years, these land will be given to others.
He said that the NPP has not yet announced its candidates from these constituencies.
There was talk that in the coming days, there will be several MLAs, some of them government ministers and also from other non-Congress parties who may join the BJP. that they should be made public before the next election.
Home (Civil Defense and Home Guards) Water Resources, Cooperation Department came to Kongsan.
“All the members of the EC have welcomed the report of the Committee,” said CEM Bah Pynshngain N Syiem after the meeting.
LYWA together with the residents of Hima Langrin and neighboring communities fully supports the protests to demand the government to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) as soon as possible.
We must not forget that the NPP and the PDF have already become one.
This was first taught in Khasi by Kong Silbi Passah at St. Edmund's College in
He said that the NPP rule in the state will make it easier to get money from the central government because it is close to the BJP government especially when the state is facing a severe shortage of funds due to the creation of districts. civil sub-divisions, police stations and blocks in these years.
The residents have been surprised because they have to pay their bill every month but the light has not been received properly.
On the other hand, the Association has urged the government to release the money so that it will not cause problems to them as teachers.
This was witnessed by journalists and even Ummulong Police Station and the Additional SP and Deputy SP of West Jaintia Hills,” said another woman, Mo Passah.
Minorita Lyngdoh, daughter of the late Mawlynnai Nongbri and Meris Lyngdoh Nongum and wife of Marshall S. Warlarpih, received her PhD degree from Martin Luther Christian University on the subject of Education. "Monitoring and Analyzing Students Academic Performance using Social Networking Sites as a Teaching-Learning Tool for Undergraduate Students" under the supervision of Professor Glenn C.Kharkongor.
The name of Bah Latiplang was sent on Tuesday last month.
The budget for the 1200 meter road at Suchen Dhaka is T48,80,000 and for the 1300 meter road at Byndihatai is T.49,95,0 These roads will begin soon.
“This is clearly seen in the stingy attitude of the government, otherwise why would the HNLC withdraw if there is no reason?
Many times in our society we encourage women to have many children and we also say that each child should bring his own rice.
As this day is also Thomas Jones Day, Prof Streamlet also recalled the contribution of Rev. Thomas Jones to Primary School Education by reviving the LP Schools in Mawmluh. Mawsmai and Sohra.
In terms of Cyber ​​Crimes and Security - related to fraud through the internet and its security.
Before the end of the first half, Miami added a third goal after Messi passed a ball to Benjamin Cremaschi, whose shot flew to Taylor. who has not wasted this golden opportunity.
“I don't know what the Indian government has decided, but the issuance of environmental clearance to Star Cement is the decision of the Indian government,” he said.
In the upcoming MP election, the NPP from the interior will support the Congress candidate in the Shillong parliamentary seat and the Congress will support the NPP candidate in the Tura parliamentary seat.
In my opinion, there are only two MLAs from the BJP in the MDA government,” she said.
On the same day, the District Social Welfare Officer, Jowai together with the Breakthrough Rehabilitation Centre, Khliehtyrshi conducted the same training program at Ladthadlaboh Community Hall on the topic.
Mawrie said he would write to the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma and Education Minister, Ma Lakmen Rymbui, on this issue.
Furthermore, the KSU on Thursday blocked the JHADC trucks from dumping garbage in the area.
On the 25th March, Thangbuli YSWC will play against Jarian SCC at 2.30 pm.
However, the most important question is, we the UDP, which has only 7 MLAs out of 60 in the House, how many voices will we have, how many will we support, who will listen to us? However, when it comes to such cases, everyone, including Bah Ardent, recently asked, what does the UDP do? We are 7 UDP members, we have only 7 members. Like Ma Vincent Pala, because he has been in Delhi for 15 years as an MP, he doesn't know well “the work of his MLAs,” especially the governments. Therefore, I would like to mention the following:-Since 1972, under the rule of Capt.
Matthew 1:18.
In this incident, the damage caused to the owner of the shop was 100,000 rupees.
Many of the leading leaders of the UDP and MCPC have expressed their regret over the loss of Bah Sylliang's ticket. The Congress party, we will work hard and surrender to God and we hope that you will reach your goal,” said Bah Richard Lyngdoh.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Shella has informed all the neighbours, especially the farmers and visitors to Wah Shella, that following the rapid spread of Covid-19 which has reached the Sohra area, As a measure to protect the villagers, it has decided that from the 21st of this month, the residents who are not residents of the village will stop before going to the rivers and streams under the the boundary of the Dorbar Shnong Shella until further notice.
“We have heard of a two-engined Government but our party is a party that delivers on its promises.
While she was still ashamed of her brother, Banisha listened quietly for about ten months and told her mother to tell him.
The country's athlete has also set an Asian record in the women's 50m Compound in the U-18 category.
His parents are from Lvali village in Lamgarha block of Almora district of Uttarakhand.
“The way they announce in the media is exactly as if they know what they should do but today we see such incidents which have shocked the people in the state,” she said.
Nongpoh: The teachers together with the students of Sati Raja Memorial Secondary School, Umsning Patarim, today held a special program at Patarim. that they have conducted a public march to raise awareness among the public that they should refrain from smoking, drinking raja and other alcoholic beverages that are harmful to health.
Complain to the Syiem Police if you have any questions.
Noting that the area (Them Ïew Mawlong) falls under his constituency, he said that he has the right to monitor and not rest because the issue is not about the welfare of the people living in Mawlong. this bag.
The Meghalaya Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on 13th June has slammed the Congress party for making promises for the people of the state and called it a sheep's cloak.
On the 17th November 2017, which is the anniversary of the death of Tirot Singh, the party will hold a march and sit down.
“I am very sorry for them because there are those who have taught for two, three or four years while the education department has not yet completed the interview but after that they have to appoint all those who have been teaching for two, three or four years. pass well.
The drone delivery of medicines started in November last year and so far it has completed 154,000 deliveries of medicines over a distance of 5,734,000 kilometres.
Nongpoh: The Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, today announced that the Police Station, Ri Bhoi District, has sent a Look Out Notice to all the Police Stations in the country, for the purpose of searching for the suspect. Fridian Myrsing, of Mawtari Thaiang, who has been accused of several thefts.
According to reports, BSF 132 Bn seized nine boxes containing dew iong, nine boxes containing timber made of siej from the India-Bangladesh border at Simsang River in South. Garo Hills in Meghalaya.
We should turn to the MLAs to demand ILP. We should tied exactly where it is right, we should not tied the Dkhar because God sees or burn the vehicle that is parked in the rules, if it collides. for the kingdom is one.
But they have their own exam which is specific to them.
Many entertainment activities including music and sports were also prepared on the day.
On the other hand, the union has demanded that he should allow commercial vehicles from the village to carry passengers from the airport but on this too, the AAI chief has not promised to He said that he will have to call a tender and this will block the road for commercial vehicles.
Guwahati: A lawyer has raped a young woman in Guwahati during the Diwali celebrations on Sunday.
It is for this reason that thousands of participants attend the competitions even if the entry fee is thousands.
All the Chief Executive Members were urged to create opportunities to convey these suggestions to the children as part of explaining to the children on the benefits of quarantine. especially as part of the fight against covid1
The Minister said that during the protest organized by ACHIK, it was witnessed that the Additional Deputy Commissioner and doctors were present at the scene to inspect and assess the health situation. and others.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Teibor said that as an MDC he is trying to find ways and means and he got the scheme after he sought information and found that there is a scheme of the Central Government on the 'Swacch India Campaign.
In the second leg, Mulang Ialong beat Lumpyrtuh Mihmyntdu 2-0 with goals scored by Tellmi Mulieh in the 50th minute and Challet Phawa in the 64th minute.
He said that filmmakers in the state are not yet aware of the rules for obtaining a license in filmmaking.
Shillong: The Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women, Phidalia Toi, today sent her reply to the Government after receiving a reply in these days.
“To ia” she said and followed them.
Voters are also required to bring their identity proofs such as their EPIC Card/Appointment Order (Sanad) on that day.
Even if it is too strong, it is difficult to improve the word, and if it is too slow, the word can become lyngkar; Therefore, the sawar needs to be clean and well cleaned so that all these things will be complete and accurate.
Shillong: The Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma today said that if they can prove that there is still 32 lakh MT of coal in the depots, there are 32 lakh MT of coal in the depots. The government is not involved in politics.
“Development is not necessary if we cannot pass laws to protect the country and the nation and we have stopped thinking that after the elections it is our duty as Sengbhlang to leave. to the streets to demand the implementation of the ILP, to demand various rights,” he said.
Solution to problems: When looking for solutions to problems we must also refer to the causes of problems, therefore in order to solve problems, one must first know and understand the the source that causes or creates problems.
We all understand that the language is the heart of any nation,” said the CEM of KHADC. “People who do this should take responsibility if the students fail in the examinations,” said the CEM. The Khasi language is valued because it violates the principle of the District Council as enshrined in the Constitution of India to preserve the language, culture and traditions.
He said that we should work with a spirit of dedication and in a clean and righteous manner.
Mizoram, which were bowled out for 179 runs in the first innings, responded to Meghalaya by 215/1
HYC.As one of the residents of Nongstoin, I express my dissatisfaction in the past few days and months regarding the distribution of drinking water by the PHE office Nongstoin.
They were arrested for lack of proper documents to enter India.
Besides, it's no longer a story, it's just a shop.
The party said there are differences between the BDO and the GNLA which need to be resolved.
How can a class X student talk to an organization as big and strong as the NSCN? Do these few people have the money to send members to Nagaland? We too must oppose the use of words like 'armed outfit', 'armed outfit' and others.
He expressed his concern that although the people want to implement the Lokayukta but the government has not been able to implement it yet and the reason is because it is afraid that this Act will lead to corruption. .
Syiem Police have arrested only one of the drug users and he is a 20 year old youth and he was detained inside the Syiem Prison at Iewduh but later released as he promised to change. that he may forsake and forsake this work.
At present, the laws relating to various groups are based on what is written in their holy books.
The Narpuh Border Area Joint Action Committee (NBAJAC) has expressed its deep sorrow over the loss of electricity in the Narpuh area in these days for unknown reasons.
The day was enriched by the Pliang dance by the students of the school, where a speech was delivered by Jessica Biam (Asst.Teacher).
Even though it was late, the farmers who were full of love and joy did not hesitate to welcome and welcome the farmer who has really raised the honor and reputation of the farmers of the state and district through this. khusnam (award).
There was no record of the reason why he committed suicide.
In a statement, the KSU said that this has created a serious threat in which the indigenous people will become low paid in their own country.
In the presence of members from various Units and Circles, Bah Bandari Ryntathiang was elected as President and 5 Vice Presidents. Karbius Lyngdoh, Fairly Teron Eastern Zone, Central Zone Phrangkupar Sohtun Central Zone, Northern Zone Evanesar Shylla Northern Zone and Mr. Gershom Hat to oversee the Western Zone.
Conrad K Sangma “ToSri Dharmendra PradhanShastri BhavanDr Rajendra Prasad RoadNew Delhi
The four MDCs of KHNAM are Adelbert Nongrum, Working President, Latiplang Kharkongor, PP Leader and Secretary, James Ban Basiawmoit and Process T Sawkmie.
He wrote many books on the kingdom and culture of the Jaintia people as well as on the struggle of the Jaintia people against the French government.
Looking back at this market in these days, it is already affected by the backwardness of the indigenous people in the trade of inheritance because all the wealth collection from this market and the trade of inheritance has been There is a Dkhar u Kling who lives in the shops, he holds the goods in the market to sell, he holds the empty shops to store the goods, he sells the goods to the market dwellers all over the place.
You can also see the valley of the wahbah which is said to flow into Wahrew, you can also see the river banks which stimulate the mind to look at and stimulate the mind.
The Vice President of the Khasi Jaintia Butcher's Welfare Association, Bah Generous Warlarpih, said that the strike will start from Tuesday and will continue while the KHADC and the Hima Mylliem are still blocking the veterinary department to examine and examine the cows. cattle.
He said that although there have been protests after the corruption was exposed and an investigation has been launched, there may be an attempt to hide the corruption and the worst thing is that nothing has happened. any attempt to take action against the perpetrator and especially how to recover the misappropriated money.
The Krishi Vigyan Kendra of KVK Imphal, South Garo Hills, has conducted a training on the use of modern technology to be used among different states of India.
Bah Judah joined the PDF in the presence of his father Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, his mother, mother, brothers and sisters and his supporters from all over the villages. The President of the PDF State Executive Committee, Bah Ivanlumlang Marbaniang and others welcomed the candidates.
“The government has admitted that it has tried to curb the illegal mining of coal although the court cannot believe this but we would like to inform that the “It is not something that we don't feel ashamed to ask for police from the central government as the government feels but it is because we don't have any other way to implement the order of the Supreme Court.
Besides, we don't know anything else and even this 12th patient, we don't know whether she is male or female, age, place of residence and so on and then those 10 others, we don't know, How many women and men, their ages (without mentioning their places of residence, places of work) and the reason is that the State Government has kept this information secret.
Not only that, but it also affected the life of the father of the household, a man of fame and honor.
His ability to do advanced work in relation to the Church in Rome and at the same time to serve the faithful of the Archdiocese is an achievement that will be remembered forever.
It is learned that these firearms are flying in the air and have a strong performance, as if they were in the kitchen and they use the blood to injure the body of a person. which is stronger than 0.6 miles long.
Around many parts of South East Asia, most infants sleep during the day.
At the rally, Modi said India has risen to the heights of victory and Meghalaya has now contributed to that.
Thus it was found that Jesus was born in 3 B.C. Herod was not king until 37 B.C. This means that at the time of Jesus' birth, Herod was king as the Bible says.
Why or how did the former OM allow this? The Reservation Policy, according to the Resolution dated 12.01.1972, in para 2, clearly states that if the posts allocated for any any group, by those who have been allocated, shall be entitled to fill those posts by others, and that shortfall shall be carried forward to the next filing year, and if not filled at that time , and it shall be counted, and that which is lacking shall be taken away.
“Due to the outbreak of this disease in the state, there has been a loss of many precious lives in the state and it is necessary that as the leaders of the people, we come together to discuss and find ways. “There are ways to control the spread of the disease in the state,” he added.
The group has decided to install scanners at all entrances to provide security for the devotees who used to pray at the Golden Temple as well as tourists.
On the other hand, Thombor Shiwat said that this resolution does not mean to dismiss those who have not worked but for those who will be appointed even if some of them have retired or died.
The march started from in front of Rikhasi Free Morning School New Spengthawlangmlah and reached New Nongstoin Market Complex, where a public meeting was held at the site.
He praised the KJDSTA for its efforts to conduct training for teachers especially through the bringing of people from Ireland to provide voluntary training to teachers in the state.
While blessing the village and the residents to be healthy and to increase their income, Bah Lambor said that the development of the village is the cooperation and unity of the village.
The number of cases of covid-19 in Assam has risen by 2,243 today, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 1,33,0
Shillong, June 30: The Voice of the People's Party (VPP) has strongly criticized the MDA government led by the National People's Party (NPP) for the blackout of electricity in the state for several hours.
He promised that in the coming days and months he will provide assistance for the development of the district.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: The UDP Nongkrem Circle has filed a complaint against the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem for not receiving the same share of T.3 crore from the allocation of T.133 crore. Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, who has received special assistance from the Government of India, said that the reason why Nongkrem has not received the same allocation is because the money has been calculated according to the number of applications or proposals. different ones to show the jobs the people need.
Badalyne Kharkongor has been appointed as the Commandant of the Central Training Institute, Meghalaya following the transfer of Bah PH Khongsngi.
What is needed is to be prepared and to make every effort to be able to do it in any way.
According to our custom, which is also enshrined in the Constitution of the country, the land belongs to the citizens.
Commander Shangpliang, who is also the President of the Meghalaya Film Makers Association (MefilMA), expressed his hope that the film industry in the state will continue to grow.
At the same time he began to open schools for education in Mawsmai, Mawbluh and Sohra in 1842. Even though he was only 8 years and 2 months old in Ri Khasi, he contributed many great works. .
“We came here not to explain the politics of Sohiong, but you the residents of Sohiong know better which candidate you should support because foreigners just come and just after the election. they are gone," he said.
Mawlai SC are top of the table with 29 points from 11 games while Langsning and Rangdajied have 21 points each.
Furthermore, four out of the 17 applicants who were approved after submitting the Geological Report have received the approval from the Central Government to obtain the Mining Lease in the State and the submission of the Mining Plan. He said that 15 applicants are still waiting for the approval of the Central Government for the license.
In Rajasthan, the Congress won 21 seats while the BJP won 162 seats.
The Rangbah Shnongs of the 9 organizations after approving the establishment of a new market in the village have set up a committee known as the Mawser Market Committee and the committee will continue to provide all the necessities to the district. Council until the approval of the new market, and the purpose of the market is to be owned by the committee and not by the district council.
According to the research, 68% of customers buy from Amazon.
In this regard, the meeting unanimously requested the Central Universities, the Government of Meghalaya and the MBOSE to open Coaching Centers in the district as soon as possible to assist them. students not only for this Test but also for other Entrance Tests.
"On the 2nd of this month, the HNLC announced that it has elected its Vice Chairman Manbhalang Jyrwa, Political Secretary Aristerwell Thongni and Foreign Secretary Phrangkupar Diengdoh. Aiborlem Marbaniang and Storgy Lyngdoh to take part in the peace talks between the Indian government, the state government and the HNLC. to allow these HNLC leaders to come to the peace talks.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday strongly criticized the HSPDP for signing the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam. Understanding (MoU) to resolve the boundary issue in the seven border areas in the first phase.
Most importantly, the presence of officers and managers of various banks, such as the State Bank of India, Meghalaya Rural Bank and others.
What we see is that while we are struggling to prevent the invasion of other ethnic groups, the influx of other ethnic groups to these beloved mountains is increasing.
He remained a parish priest of the Nonbah Parish until he was elected Bishop by Pope Francis on 4 June
Kathmandu, June 16: There has been fear and uncertainty for 18 people on board a plane that crashed today.
We have implemented measures at the Booth Level and many of the Polling Stations have low turnout on Polling Day, but now we have taken action on how to deal with the number of Polls. Booth and district facilities.
FC Barcelona are on their way to winning the Spanish La Liga trophy; They now have 13 goals against Real Madrid after 28 appearances.
New Delhi: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has suspended the issuance of 2,000 rupee notes this year, the bank said in a reply to a public inquiry.
The Yoga Cell of Kiang Nangbah Govt College organized this Yoga class at the Indoor Hall of the College with the participation of 110 students.
“This situation demands that something should be done immediately so that the connectivity to Shillong will not be cut off if there is no other bridge on this dam,” she said.
Therefore it is right and proper that man should use his eyes to see far and to make good use of that wisdom which God has given to man.
“However, when they went to the police station in good conscience, they were arrested and charged as murderers on charges of shooting and beating Marak to death,” said Bah Shangpliang.
These two roads can no longer be called highways because many parts of the roads have been destroyed, although they are roads that bring or improve income.
It is learned that the robbers, after threatening the people inside the house not to leave, searched and stole the necessary documents, which were inside the house and When they found those books, they took them and kidnapped Bah Manason Doloi.
“This Act aims to attack the indigenous people of Assam and we will not allow it to operate in this state in any way,” said Rajkhowa.
Dr War said that the random testing of 350 people from Khanapara village has been conducted by the Rapid. testing kit.
In the Under-14 boys category, New Nongstoiñ SS beat Rongrin RMSA Higer Secondary School 3-0 and Dapboklang Giri Memo SS beat Lad Nongsba Presbyterian SS 6-0 St. Peter's HSS beat Pingbah SS 6-0, while St. Anthony's Secondary School Jaidoh beat Sibsingh Govt 2-0
Our turn will come after these other states.
Although various organizations from West Khasi Hills District including the Hynniewtrep Achick National Movement, Meghalaya Youth Federation, UHM have given a month's notice to the State Government through the relevant department. These groups together with the women had to rush to the MCH Hospital Nongstoiñ after receiving information. that there is no intention to take away the equipment from the hospital.
Speaking after the inspection, these leaders of the Mawlai Bhalang, said that they conducted the inspection, because without getting clarity in what form the ground will be built to clean the plastic. There is no introduction of a scheme to build a public viewing area.
Ah! Who will listen to the grievances of our youth and the nation as a whole especially those brothers and sisters who live on the border who suffer every moment of their lives in the violence and encroachment on the neighboring peoples/states of the state until some of them (sons of the mother) lost their lives when they stood up to fight against the enemy.
“These girls are very brave and this will help them to play well against the big states in this match of the BCCI tournament in Jaipur,” he said. support and help them to go safely and to play well in this tournament.
Santosh Sarangi, Additional Secretary and Director General, DGFT said, “In its first collaboration with various e-commerce platforms, DGFT has partnered with Amazon as a stepping stone to achieve the goal of increasing revenue. The e-commerce sector in India is expected to reach $200-300 billion by
“These 200 solar lights worth T.41 lakh are in the first phase and the Dorbar Shnongs should take credit for them because they have explained to me.
Speeches were also delivered by Homer Kharkongor, President UDP Mawlai Circle and Wanseng Jyrwa, Working President UDP Mawlai Circle. and work hard at their job.
There will also be Special Campaign Dates on 13/11/2021 and 20/11/2021 which are Saturdays where Booth Level Officers (BLOs) will be available all day. Polling Stations, so residents are requested to go to your Polling Stations.
The BJP laid wreaths at the statues of Tirot Sing Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Kiang Nangbah and Pa Togan Sangma of Garo Hills. He laid flowers on the 10th and met with his relatives.
Punjab beat West Bengal in the semi-final today.
To get more information on this, we spoke to the superintendent of the girls at the hostel and the Chokidar said that the difference in this incident is due to the spread of ksew in the grounds of the hostel. It was at about 2 pm that the girl was found lying on the floor.
In West Khasi Hills, there are 96 cases, including 3 Health Workers, 13 High Risk Contacts, Kynshi Cluster 6, Langstiehrim Cluster 2, Lumsohkhlur Cluster 2, Mairang Mission Cluster 2, Mawiong Lumsyntiew Cluster 52, Mawster Nongstoang , Nongkhlaw Cluster 3, Nongkyn A Cluster 2, Pyndengrei Cluster 4, Pyndengumiong Cluster 7, Riangdo Cluster 2, Screening Purpose 10, Sohjarang Cluster 11, Umthied Bynther Cluster
Ecuador have not scored a point despite beating Uruguay 2-1 on 13 November.
He said the Cabinet has approved the proposal to start a Model Degree College at Patharkhmah and the creation of posts for recruitment at this college.
These NPP leaders and supporters were welcomed to the HSPDP by the President, Bah PK Pangniang in the presence of the Senior Vice President and MDC of Mawkynrew, Bah Martel Mukhim, District. HSPDP President PB Sylliang, Umsning Candidate Primson Makdoh and other party leaders from the state and Ri Bhoi District.
With the increasing number of cases of the novel coronavirus (COVID 19) which has affected more than 100 countries, it is important to understand the prevention and treatment methods to fight against these spreading diseases. ri to another.
She said that the office has also received an order from the National Green Tribunal (NGT) New Delhi, which has announced to ban individuals/companies from mining shyiap from rivers across the country. without obtaining the Mining License/Quarry Permit and other permits stipulated by the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change of the Government of India in the EIA notification in
India has organized a program to distribute insurance policies to uninsured farmers under the National Crop Insurance Program (PMFBY) Rabi 2022-23 at Tirot Singh Memorial Hall, Pyndengumiong, Mairang, Eastern West Khasi Hills, Meghalaya.
At the same time, the completion of this Behkymphui which is one of the parts of the ritual of the Seiñ Raij Mynso will drive away the diseases, bring prosperity and development in all aspects.
The newly developed weapons, known to the US as the R9X, were deployed in Syria's Atmeh province on Tuesday.
Pynshngaiñ said the district council will soon take action on the issue of Hima like Jirang and Nongspung should allow foreigners from other villages to use the land which they do not use. .
And the Government of West Bengal which has been supporting us since the beginning of this tournament.
From the name of this meeting it is understood that it should be a meeting to discuss the problems of the farmers.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 02: The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) has strongly supported the demand of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (RBYF) that the state government should immediately pass a law on the VAB, 2015 and other demands announced by the union.
The 26-year-old woman from Meghalaya, who was raped by her employer in Gurugram, Haryana, lodged a complaint on 3rd June
Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has agreed to pass the Education Act, saying that Meghalaya , was the first state to adopt the law.
The Ministry of Electricity has also announced many achievements such as the increase in electricity generation from 2,48,554 MW in 2014 to 4,00,000 NW so far. that day.
“Wealth can be stolen but education cannot be stolen,” said Bah Chyne while speaking on the occasion of Literacy Day.
He said that the youth of the country have a lot of talent, so one day, there will be players who will compete in such tournaments who will lead the state and and the land shall be divided into great cities.
Nine policemen and several personnel from the other side were reportedly injured in the clash.
The orders issued by the Commission have been reviewed to ensure that there is no serious impact on the voter registration process.
In Shillong and elsewhere, such jobs may exist, but they don't dare to announce them.
In Revelation chapters 12 and 13, we read about the dragon, the number, and the wild beast.
“The Council is another body and the question of whether it is a beneficial job like the MDC job has not arisen,” he said.
Therefore, as the State is now in the midst of a disease, it is necessary to cure it and not to want development because when it is healthy, development will come.
Sir, I have gathered my information to write this letter.
?" I asked my mother. "I just asked Rida if you wanted to go to the shop.
" said Lano, "I don't know, Mother, Father.
The FKJGP Bataw Unit demands that this work should be completed within two months and the FKJGP Bataw Unit strongly warns that if the leaders of VWSC Bataw do not comply with the demands of the FKJGP, we will take other paths. to demand the rights of the citizens who should receive this assistance from the government.
The East Khasi Hills District Chess Association (EKHDCA) will hold a district selection on the 31st of this month and 1st of July at Umsohsun Community Hall near the Old Dreamland Cinema Hall. , Shillong at 9 pm.
There is a saying that once you have smoked, it is difficult to break the chain, which is very similar to smoking in public places or even in crowded workplaces.
Speaking to media, Bah Pyngrope said the party has not yet decided whom to elect as the Chief Minister of the state, and has to wait until the end of the 2023 elections.
U Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister in the MDA-2 Government and Leader of the United Democratic Party (UDP), has praised the Garo people and said that they are more mature and I don't know how to judge compared to the Khasi.
He said that so far, the Home Minister Amit Shah has not visited Manipur and the Prime Minister has not visited Manipur. Narendra Modi has not yet issued any statement calling for peace and stability.
At the time of the electrical shock, the policeman said that Bah Cherish was still alive and some policemen who came together called Ambulance 108 and took Bah Cherish away at 3.05 pm. The operation to arrest Bah Cherish which turned into a shooting death lasted only about 10 minutes.
And that would be more terrible than the first.
The government has set a target to eradicate TB by
Regarding the claim of the Mylliem Hima that the Syiem and the two ministers signed without the knowledge of the Hima, Bah Khongwir said, “The Syiem is the leader of the Hima, his signature is the highest. , we also recognize only those who lead the Dorbar and not others.
“In this area of ​​ours, what has made us happy is that we live in a comfortable life of mining, and this has made us forget about agriculture, but agriculture “It is one of the sources of employment that can provide for the family, and agriculture is the source of income for the country and the people,” said Damewnhi Rymbai.
The Supreme Court also said it was wrong to compare the incident in Manipur with other states especially the rape of the two women.
He said the BJP has launched a public campaign against drugs.
Shillong: “In the past, in the last MLA elections in Laban Constituency, BJP candidates used to preach that they should not win because they have been banned from eating and selling beef, churches have been banned. “It's not like that,” said the MLA of 19 South Shillong Constituency, Bah Sanbor Shullai, who is also the Minister of State.
Ibalahun Rymbai of KJP Synod Mihngi HSS and Kyrmen Himiat Rymbui of Marian Hill HSS came 13th and 14th respectively in the First Twenty.
The demolition and demolition of these illegal coal mining factories will continue and is targeted to be completed within 30 days from 7th November,
Nongpoh: The neglect of the Mawhati PHC has caused problems not only to the people who have gone for treatment at the PHC, but also to the supervisors and caregivers of the patients. The problem is due to the lack of drinking water, electricity and other necessities.
In the three years, the MLA receives Rs 12.5 crore or Rs 12 crore 50 lakh tyngka to provide for the needs of various departments.
Nongpoh, Lber 23: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) today inspected the village of Nongwah Mawtamur in Jirang Constituency. The government has decided to consult with the people before taking a decision on the demarcation of the border in the second phase between the governments of Assam and Meghalaya.
It is to be recalled that on the 11th of November, the election of the new President failed due to a dispute with the Election Committee. The meeting was led by the Dorbar Shnong Phramer in the presence of HITO President Donbok Dkhar and members of the organization from East and West Jaintia Hills.
On the other hand, the party has strongly criticized the leaders including the MDC and MLA of Nongstoin, for what they have done for the people and never once. to gather the people for the purpose of discussing the problems of the people.
Furthermore, T.2,000 per head will be paid to the shniuh workers, snieh workers, suhjuti, jain sellers, daju, jot sellers, mysteries, market sellers and those who will benefit. 3.04 lakh and then 2.2 lakh market vendors.
Replying to a question on the protest by the people in East Jaintia Hills against the government's plan to import coal from Assam, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the import of coal from Assam coal from Assam will be in accordance with the government's regulations and the requirements of the factories.
Taking the example of the success of small enterprises in Europe and Asia, Conrad suggested introducing techniques in agriculture and various activities to boost the income of the North East. protect the environment of the area that is not available elsewhere.
“One of the villages in West Khasi Hills which has been severely affected by the cyclone is Mawrok village which is only three kilometers from Mawliehbah Mawnar.
The match between these two teams was very friendly and the tone of play was beautiful which impressed the spectators.
There has been a renovation of the factory in which the government has allocated tens of crores of rupees for the renovation, but despite all this, it has not been able to produce dewbilat yet.
On the other hand, the leaders of KSU Narpuh, including the President, Bah K.S.
Individuals who wish to apply for this Fellowship can visit the website www.primimeghalaya.com/fellowship for more information on the fellowship and how to apply.
In this age of wealth, it is very difficult for parents to monitor the activities of their children, especially when they are young.
Spain's new coach Luis de la Fuente has been criticized in October for losing to Scotland in the Euro 2024 qualifiers. qualifying).
The entry fee is T.4000/- per team and T.100/- per player.
The program was enriched by dances, songs and other programs by the youth and residents of Maraikaphon and Khangmasi.
In this regard, the schools which have received the assistance in this regard expressed their appreciation and said that this assistance of the department will be of great benefit.
Sports: Archery, ATHLETICS, BADMINTON, BASKETBALL, BOXING, BILLIARDS & SNOOKER, JUDO, KARATE, SHOOTING, SWIMMING, TABLE TENNIS, TAEKWANDO, TENNIS, WUSHU. Indoor Stadium, Shillong Club, Nongthymamai Sports & Cultural Club, Laban Sports Club Indoor Stadium, Assam Regimental Centre, Crinoline Swimming Pool.
He said that according to the order issued since November 2022, there are 57 illegal coke factories in the Shallang area.
It was a big meeting held today and it was also a special meeting where Puducherry was declared a smuggling free UT.
In the first half, Makrisha Songthiang (3', 47') scored goals for Mawlai, followed by Napaleroiki Lytan (29'), Aibaplielad Skhemiew (31'). ′), Charlinda Nongtdu (66′), Ideibanri Kharpan (68′) and Baiahun L Nongbri (70′).
“The Khasi people were already independent before they were included in India in 1948, after the leaders of the Khasi States signed the Instrument of Accession, because the Prime Minister Jawahalal Nehru “He has promised to preserve the customs and traditions of the Khasi people through the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India,” said Egenstar.
Shillong, July 4: U Bah Teiborlang Pathaw, who is preparing to contest the 2023 Legislative Assembly elections on the ticket of the National People's Party (NPP) from Mawlai Constituency, has now won the election. Bah BL Nongbri and his team have joined us.
At present, the seat has not been vacant, with the first announcement being that the Chairman has been removed.
After that she took him home, and that was on the 13th of this month, and the priests left and he stayed overnight in his house. , to visit friends and neighbours,” said Kong Phrin.
The Seng strongly appeals to our fellow citizens to be obedient, respectful of the laws of the government and cooperate in all aspects especially at this difficult time.
The ceremony was held at Wering Memorial DCLP School, Wapung on the 27th of this month.
Students of the area who have passed the SSLC and HSSLC examinations, Bachelor's of Degree (BSc, Bcom, Ba) and Master's Degree 2022 from various Boards or Universities (Academic Year 2022) as part of the they shall not make progress in their studies.
“The group also urges the public to show the Government that as the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep we have the right to know and demand that the Government should immediately make public the report of the personal investigation of Justice T.Vaiphei. “It's been a long time since we've submitted our report to the Government since 19th June, 2022 but the Government has been silent and this has kept us Sengbhalang and the people in darkness,” he said. said the statement.
Through education and training, it will promote the Khasi longkur longkha as a custom and tradition in the closest human relationship of the Khasi thought.
“However, the woman has refused to submit the letter and it has been clearly stated before the Dorbar that they have decided together with all the family members of the woman to refuse the EPIC, Job Card. , Ration Card, Passbook, Teacher's Salary, Certificate even electricity, water supply and all the benefits from the government and the Dorbar Shnong cannot say otherwise, “It's not like I'm going to be able to do that,” said a statement from the Mawroh Dorbar Shnong.
We should have put the following questions before the government: (1) What is the reason for the annual fires at such times? (2) What has the government done to address this issue? (3) How many Megawatts of electricity do you need in your state per day? (4) How many kilowatts of electricity does MeECL produce per day? How much is needed to meet our daily needs? Who uses electricity? Government offices, the general public, small businesses or fossil fuel plants? These questions in fact should be asked by our legislators even if there is no Assembly.
You must protect yourself, your families and the community as a whole.
The Vicar General, Fr. Richard, said that during the MP elections, the election campaign has been going around the area by various groups.
On the other hand, Bah Anderson Syiemlieh, Manager of Kur Syiemlieh Saw Kpoh Hima Maharam, said that the Kur has come here to meet with the Deputy Commissioner to lodge a complaint to suspend the announcement. in the media.
It is learned that the woman first threw her children into a well and after throwing them into the well, she committed suicide.
Bah BJ Laloo said that many people think that due to the accident, there is a traffic jam but the traffic jam is every day due to the loading and unloading of passengers.
James said that the BDO of Umsning has also visited the village to inspect the damage.
On 26th July 1950, Dr Ambedkar drafted the greatest Constitution by taking the example of Abraham Lincoln's United States where slavery was abolished.
The song was shot and edited by Mixuel and the band congratulates B4njop Nongbri and Idaris Warjri.
Regarding the impact of these wells, he said that from 2022 once the work of the factory starts, the wells will be affected especially during the rainy season, the water turns color from the soil flow.
Shillong, Jymmang 11 : The Committee headed by Rtd Justice BP Katakey or the Katakey Committee of the High Court of Meghalaya has recommended to shut down more than 19 coke factories in three districts. Districts in the State of Meghalaya.
“The President of War Jaintia Circle, Eddy Kery Pohtam said that the reason for their opposition is the lack of health facilities in the state and the lack of proper assistance to the people suffering from this disease.
Welcoming the women, Rajeev Chandrasekhar said that the joining of these more than 1000 women to the party means that they have joined in the struggle to achieve India led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. he longed to see the land.
Lakiang said that if the benefits of the MDCs are the same, why doesn't the difference in votes amount to thousands?
Also on the 27th of this month, the NGT has announced all the issues related to the payment of Environmental Compensation especially to those 14 Units of Factories which have received the Environmental Compensation. CTO, was informed and will now await the decision of the court.
In the Education Policy 2018, the notification clearly states that children should be well versed in appropriate education, employment and democratic participation.
New Delhi: Home Minister Amit Shah on Tuesday met with ethnic protesters from Manipur.
The union also expressed its surprise at the influx of people from Malidor from Assam to look for jobs in the villages of the state.
The final draw will be held on the 9th November 2023 at the Soso Tham Auditorium, State Central Library.
Therefore, the Government has requested all the people of the state to report any symptoms such as fever, chills, cough. and so on. They should immediately inform the helpline numbers provided by the government in each block headquarters of the state. number and inform these health workers.
According to the instructions issued in another case (PIL No.9 of 2022), the plaintiff has met Justice Katakey and the retired judge plans to visit East Jaintia Hills on the last month of January.
On the other hand, the leaders of the Hima Nonglang said that the plan to go to the secretariat to hold a protest had to be postponed due to the conflict with the date of the release of the 25 from Boko in Assam.
Shillong, Lber 20: There are 17299 part-time students in the state in the year 2016-17, the Minister of State for Education, Deborah Marak, today said.
I don't see any cooperation between the two states, they are looking for ways to improve the situation by blocking the internet by blocking people from entering Meghalaya,” he said.
The traffic jam has caused problems to passengers coming from distant places like Lower Assam, Tripura, Manipur and others especially to the sick.
The match ended 2-2 in the first half.
The Bishop of Nongstoin Diocese, Most Rev. Wilbert Marweiñ took part as the chief guest in the celebration of the Holy Mass in the presence of the Bishop of Jowai Diocese. Most Rev. Ferdinand Dkhar, Provincial Superior Province of North East India Fr Pius Turuthiyil, Superior of St. Claret Seminary, Umsning Fr. Tomy Akkapadickal, Parish Priest of Umsning Parish Fr Pius Shadap and others.
He said that there are many types of deforestation such as shift cultivation as usual in Lyngngam, supply deforestation and rnga cultivation.
People who were present during the joint inspection said that Assam used to show all its documents and maps, while Meghalaya did not show all the documents and maps. page and Map.
Therefore, when people are drunk, they have to buy drugs to relieve the pain.
Not only that, these judges come as they please, go as they please.
Shillong North MLA Adelbert Nongrum was the chief guest, Executive Director of Bethany Society C Noronha was the chief guest and family members. .
According to the residents, the water has not reached their farmland since the completion of the work. in front of the streets.
Referring to the opening ceremony of the Jirang MLA, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun said that the Iing Dorbar was built by the Jirang MLA in the village. through the MLA scheme which he has allocated at a cost of more than T.4 lakh.
New Delhi: Former Finance Minister Arun Jaitley is in critical condition at AIIMS in New Delhi, reports said.
They also have the right to be treated as minorities.
Those who have government jobs and those who pay bills will be able to pay only the bills except for the suffering.
This was after the Chief Minister of Nongpoh Constituency, Bah Mayralborn Syiem MLA, said that the work on Phase I is still 75 per cent while the work on Phase II has not yet started. .
For example, the state of Telangana has changed from 6 p.
The question is why did this happen? Students and research scholars of history and political science may have a great opportunity to research.
The Youth Congress leaders have accepted the party's decision to give 50 per cent of the constituencies to the youth.
This was stated by Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem at a meeting with the NHIDC held in Delhi.
Das fired two bullets at the minister, the report said.
Later, the Minister visited the old Jowai Civil Hospital at Panaliar Jowai which has been renovated for the purpose of converting it into a Maternity, Women and Children Hospital.
Regarding the comments of many, why it is necessary to build a new house instead of paying the remaining salaries of the employees of JHADC, Ma Thombor explained that the scheme to build the The household has its own guidelines or rules, which cannot be transferred or paid to salary.
Similarly, Monkey Pox can also be caused by the lack of hygiene and overcrowding among Metor drivers.
“After 50 years, the state needs a recruitment policy, an SOP to set the time for the announcement, the written test, the announcement of the results and to appoint as it is. now this method of appointment is not right.
Shillong, Nailur 15 : AITC Leader and former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma on Thursday denied that he had met with Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leaders to discuss his desire to join the BJP. the Party.
When asked about the arrest of Bernard N Marak from Uttar Pradesh, the Chief Minister said, “I have just received information that the police have arrested him and will bring him back to the state”.
When the residents of the village saw the fire, they went to help extinguish the fire and informed the Fire Brigade in Byrnihat. The fire was extinguished.
According to Bah Tynsong, companies who intend to take land under the Land Transfer Act are always rejected, even though the new laws of the central government are strict against taking land under the forest.
Others who took part in the meeting were Embhah Syiemlieh, Latiplang Kharkongor, James Ban Basaiawmoit and KP Pangngiang.
Most of the time I used to talk through it, the body was the same,” said Rangsan while he was cleaning the room.
Ms Ampareen Lyngdoh said there is a need for doctors who are trained in human rights and also for specialists to treat women's diseases.
The Gross Enrollment Ratio (GER) has increased in 2021-22 at primary, upper primary and higher secondary levels in schools, compared to 2020-2
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Roykupar Synrem, Senior Leader of the HYC Sengkmie, congratulated the Umsong District for having the vision to build a fully functional office in Umsong. The office will be of benefit not only to the District, but will also benefit in many areas so that once a fully functioning office is established, they will be able to exchange ideas not only in the work of God but also in the work of God. They also have the opportunity to think or act for the good of the community.
In this regard, the KSU WJHDU has clarified that Mukroh has been the entire territory of West Jaintia Hills District since the birth of Meghalaya in
Many medical students from Meghalaya and other North Eastern states fled RIMS Imphal in June following the outbreak of ethnic conflict between the Meitei and Kuki.
This was announced by the EM incharge of the Elaka, Bah Jambor War, while talking to media on Monday.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, MCCL Employees Union (MCCLU) President Bah S Wahlang said that the meeting held at Sohra today has decided to suspend the strike after the management it has agreed to release some of the salaries of the workers.
He said that if foreigners and foreigners living in the state can register through NPR or Aadhar, it will be a great threat to the nation.
“I am pleased to hear that Bah Gigur Myrthong has been your MLA and he has done well in the villages which did not cast many votes for him.
It is to be recalled that this victim is a single woman who lives by working day and night to provide for the needs of her four children, because her father has passed away. so many years.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the market vendors and vendors in the two markets in Smit and Lad Smit have not followed the health rules of the state government. it was decided to close the two markets.
The union demands that the government should increase the price of petrol and the union urges the government to collect taxes not only from petrol and there are still many taxes that the government should collect. The increase in the price of petrol and diesel is only possible because this creates problems for all the people especially in our state where many people are still low in income.
In a road accident in Ri-Bhoi on Saturday evening, a man named Bah Hamanroy Cajee, 56, has lost his life after being hit by a car. An unidentified vehicle has been destroyed on the Umsning Bypass.
Amazing said the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance-II government has been very determined to resolve the employment quota and he said he does not know why the government has delayed in resolving this issue. However, according to the Sohiong MLA who told him that a decision will be taken through the UDP group together with all the UDP MLAs. I don't know if he has come to support this issue but until today I haven't seen him support me in this regard.
On the other hand, the Seng also wants the NHAI to take action against the collection of fees from vehicles which is 75 tyngka per trip and 75 tyngka per return which affects the budget of the driver who works day and night. increase the price.
Police first arrested Nangpynphriang Rymbai from Tongseng village in East Jaintia Hills on July
This is a request to the HYC, HITO and the police to search for those big buyers/sellers because once they get them, the small ones will disappear without time.
Some of the issues he has discussed include the development of Maw ëmbei as a tourist destination, the development of agriculture, the upgradation of PHC to CHC, the border to preserve the customs and traditions, roads, water supply and others that are essential for the development and income generation of The people of Mawhati Constituency.
The Dolloi of Jowai District, Puramon Kynjing, who conducted the election, announced that Kitbok has won the election.
This was announced by Bah Sumar Sing Sawian, Chairman of the Lum Sohpetbneng Committee.
In a meeting with the HSPDP Executive Committee, some of the residents of these border areas expressed their concern whether the Dulir will be a benefit or a loss to their land. The land does not fall within the border of Bangladesh.
Sri Lanka in recent days, confirmed reports that China plans to import more than 1,00,000 endangered shrieh.
There is no need to talk about corruption, there is no need to protest on various issues because once you win, the same or the same leader will be elected by the people.
There are people who say that the day is no longer 24 hours.
When asked, he said, “This is only the beginning of the patrolling by the four Dorbar Shnongs with the assistance of the Sengbhalang who have units in Jaïaw and including the Seng Samla.
However, the sad thing is that instead of talking about the principles of the party, there are criticisms against others, handshakes, handshakes, insults to the party, insults to people and even personal affairs. They have forgotten to speak out on the principles of the party they belong to.
He wants every person and nation to be the Temple of God.
Earlier, Sahitya Akademi member Dr Sylvanus Lamare said that a mass protest is needed at this time for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the 8th Scheduled of the Constitution.
In this area the agriculture is very fertile and from this area also produces a clean and famous sohniamtra known as Sohra sohniamtra.
We have appointed government officials to look into this matter,” he said.
“If the employee flees, the contractor responsible should return the labor license to the Council,” said the EM in charge of Labour.
The suspect has been arrested by the Patharkhmah Police Outpost and the investigation is ongoing.
If the leaders are stingy, it means that Meghalaya will soon be like the Philippines, Colombia, Mexico and other regions that have been affected by drug crime.
The 25-15, 25-22, 25-18 victories of the team have also awarded the trophy to the entire team. The team has not suffered a single defeat and has not scored a single goal in the entire match until the end.
He said that as a politician, he has entered the political arena since 2008 but he has not won and it was not until 2014 that he won as an MDC. “I am not a member of the PDF yet because I have not yet joined, I will decide which party I will contest from,” said Hadrian. ".
“I express my deepest condolences to the parent, I hope that an incident like this will not happen again, we will improve the facilities.
Speaking after the meeting with the DC, the President of the union, Bah Marbud Dkhar, said that they had gone to ask for clarification why the subsidy scheme has not been implemented yet.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the Renovation of Jowai Water Supply Scheme, Minister of Urban Affairs Sniawbhalang Dhar on Thursday slammed those who are involved in politics.
There are 33 students who have sat for the examination this year from this school.
Your country is in the midst of many challenges.
He said that for the construction of the bridge from Bishnupur Taxi Stand to Bethesda Hospital, Shillong, more than T.2 crore has been allocated. About T.7 lakh has been allocated for the improvement of roads as well as for the cleaning of the road from KT ROAD to the government quarter near Sanker Dev College Women's Hostel, Shillong.
Therefore, you have been given the opportunity to resolve the issue as soon as possible and to explain the party's rationale for violating this rule,” said the CEO. hours of the 26th of June.
I have met with many different groups and organizations from time to time on this issue.
Of those who went for treatment today, 2 persons suffered from psoriasis and others suffered from scabies and tinea.
Then Jezebel sent a messenger unto Elijah, saying, So let the gods do to me, and more also, if I make not thy life as the life of one of them by to morrow about this time. one of us.
Shillong is a city of knowledge of man and knowledge of God and where the visitors are righteous and pure in heart; But if you don't go to Dkhar, if you don't sit with men and women in the same taxi, you'll lose your body and your money.
Shillong, Nailur: The term of office of all Fair Price Shop Dealers under Pynursla Civil Sub Division will expire on Pynursla Civil Sub Division invites applications for the appointment of new ration distributors for the year 2023 to 2027 for all the centers under the Pynursla Civil Sub Division.
John F Kharshiing said it is clear that this issue depends on the understanding of the Government of India.
Until now, the BSF troops are doing their utmost to sell the cows as soon as possible through auction so that they can get proper treatment and also to increase the responsibility of all the BSF troops. .
“Bah Prestone said that love for the nation starts from home and urged the people to continue to support the NPP now. On this occasion, Prestone said, “I will tell you only one thing, the BJP and the NPP will support the BJP. I can't sleep together until I die. If you say we should work together, it's true, but sleep together.
(2) While Martha was busy, Mary sat at the feet of Jesus without helping her brother.
There are many reasons why we don't get what we want and if I write them all down it will be too long and take up the time of the readers.
According to information, some groups have already sent letters to the government and the MLA but for 24 years neither the government nor the relevant authorities have come to inspect this road even once.
On this occasion, these groups and the people gave their full support to the NTC's position against the government's plan to set up a weighbridge in front of the DTO office, Nongpoh. On the other hand, the people who attended the meeting also urged the NTC to continue the protest.
In the year 2020-21, the Ministry of Home Affairs has approved 139 development projects worth Rs 15.66 crore but the allocation has not been released for this fiscal year.
The Court also directed the State Government to file a more detailed affidavit before the next hearing on 20th June.
Encourage and Encourage Dropouts: Young men and women who have dropped out of school have a role to play in contributing to their own lives, their families and for the sake of society.
Kharshanlor said the group will meet with the Governor and the Chief Minister regarding the issue.
In addition to Silme.
He said that for the smooth running of the work, a notice has been sent to the Acting Syiem according to letter No.DSMN/Rs/2022-2023/1 dated 25/4/2022 according to the decisions of the EC and permission has been received. According to the letter No.MS/V-130/89-06/585-87 dated 10th May 2022 from the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
Focus will be placed on the completion of ongoing budgeted projects.
I won't say more than this.
It is to be recalled that the players selected for the Meghalaya team are among those who have played well in the MCA's U-19 Girls' Inter District Cricket Tournament which has just ended. The training session for all the players will be held in Shillong from 25th November to prepare for the tournament in Gujarat.
She took it and heard a male voice but the voice was very loud and clear.
Officials from MUDA, PWD, MeECL, PHE, Sports and others were present on the occasion.
Police have seized 10 lakh byrni of FCI rice weighing 50 kilos per byrni from the warehouse of a private person.
Conrad said the NPP does not ban anyone from joining the party but the departure of the two MLAs has not affected the party.
You know, we are getting married, at a very young age, only 21, so movies and social situations, are too new to us and hanga, I feel that things are not but they that are righteous are the last, and have nothing to eat.
The district administration of West Garo Hills District has immediately imposed a night curfew following a clash in front of the CM Secretariat in Tura which resulted in the death of the CM and injury to five security personnel.
“Therefore, on the basis of this report, we understand that our Khasi community is very healthy, and their illness is also due to the weather.
The arrival of Thomas Jones was to unite by creating one language, one nation.
Christians believe that the world is not the end of them and look forward to another better world, which they call Heaven.
The two venues selected by the MCA are Umbuda in Ri-Bhoi and Williamnagar in East Garo Hills.
However, due to the lack of adequate roads, the people have difficulty in transporting their produce to the market.
Therefore, the Seng Samla Shnong Umjaraiñ has organized this cleanliness drive as a beginning to reach out to many villages to bring about change especially in terms of cleanliness in the village.
Students had only a few classes on the 1st but they were canceled after 11 pm.
Gracefull Shylla, said that the Society also holds a market once a month at Moolang, where the market sells jhur, meat, slippers, juti and if any of them Members of the Producer Group (PG) who come to buy tista from this increase, the Society has given a few percent benefit to them. He said that the Society (IVCS) in Moolang has increased well. Bhabi Dkhar as Secretary.
We should not think badly by saying, “If they are wise, what will they give us?” harvest the soh.6.
It was also witnessed that it had awarded a contract to another vehicle company used for the company known as Caplib Pvt Ltd.
Therefore, the party invites and invites other NGOs, Youth Organizations, Dorbar Shnongs, to cooperate with the party, so that the party can maintain the the beauty of the universe that God has given us and all the living things in it.
Places that have never experienced floods have now been affected.
When we look at the countries of the world like North Korea, China, Middle East and others we see that people's lives are like prison even though they live in their own country, forget about the right to rule themselves. to elect their own leaders because we will find that they cannot even live freely like us.
NAQUIM is a specialized program for well or well monitoring where a large amount of data has been collected and these are used.
Shillong: The General Secretary of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Dr Jemino Mawthoh, while talking to media after the CEC meeting of the United Democratic Party (UDP), said, “How can we have only 19 How can we form a government from the MLAs of the national parties?
From November 2007 to February 2008, the river has killed tens of thousands of small and large fish weighing up to 70 kg, especially the Kha Khlaw or Cat Fish. Section 144 CrPC has been enforced under Section 144 CrPC to prohibit the public from going near the river and using the water or water sources from the river. river.
Looking at the bookstores in Nongstoiñ especially on market days, the public from women to children have to stand in line and the shops are crowded all day long.
With the death of this Tymmen Basan, the Church has lost a good and hardworking Judge.
EF Gatphoh, MPHF Charter President, while speaking as the chief guest, reminded that when joining Rotary, members should be respectful because it is an organization that has a role around the world. in the name but must operate in accordance with the customs and traditions of Rotary International.
Shillong, Jymmang, 21: It will be an unprecedented incident for a Union Minister to get out of a vehicle surrounded by security guards to talk to the protesters.
Jamuna Suna was admitted to Nazareth Hospital on 15th November 2020 after testing positive for COvid-1 She passed away on the 18th November 2020 at 9:20 pm from Covid -19, Amenia and was also suffering from hypertension and hypothyroidism.
“We have proposed to dam the river which can be used at the same time for drinking water, to irrigate farmland and also to improve the appearance to attract tourists.
Other speakers among those who joined the party today, said that it is because of their vision in the VPP that they have hope for the country and the nation that they will unite and support the VPP. VPP. Besides explaining the principles of the Seng, Bah Ardent also slammed some leaders who said that it is not right if the Governor speaks in Hindi in the Assembly.
Earlier, the Commissioner and Secretary, Transport, MR Synrem said that the entire project has been funded by the Ministry of Roads and Highways, Government of India and is expected to be completed within 10 months.
Besides chanting the slogan Jai Shri Ram, the procession was also very successful in which they marched on bikes, scooties, 4 wheelers along with the wearing and placing of red or red saffron flags on chariots and chariots.
Kumar said the GNLA is not a threat to the border areas as its activities are more active in Williamnagar and East Garo Hills.
He said that all these things will be clear tomorrow in the House.
This is the first time that the book has been released, but it is a book written by the ancestors of the Mawsor clan.
In the semi final, Mukhla Umlangchor beat Madan Thadmuthlong 1-0 in the first leg. Ovenson Symblai scored the first goal for Mukhla Umlangchor in the 57th minute.
Manipur, Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram, Beer Rs90 now Rs 120 Businesses Prestone Tynsong, Conrad Sangma has said that he will rule for 1000 years if the people vote for him. dang.
“We expect these two players to play well when they arrive in Valencia or even until they are selected to play in the 4th or 3rd Division in Spain. .
you are like a dead body...you don't eat your children with your sins.
Wirldrick Susngi has won the U Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy 2023 against Ladthadlaboh in the Super Division of the WJDSA.
Before the Assam Act was passed, you said shalam bangla. Now, the Assam Act is just a desire to earn money.
The Secretary of Mihmyntdu Dorbar Shnong Knerlang Phawa said that this notice will come into force from 25th June 2023 from 7 pm.
In the Under 17 category, H. Elias Memorial High School beat Phila Rapsang Memorial High School 4-2
West Garo Hills SP Mukesh Singh said, “We are investigating the incident from all sides.” Commenting on the death, Singh said, “It is sad that this young man has died. I have lost my life at an unexpected time.
Lionel Messi's skills as a player continued to lead Inter Miami to beat Atlanta United 4-0 in the Leagues Cup to qualify for another tournament in the United States.
After reading, he left and sat down with the other couples who had just come to their house.
In the women's over 20 category, N Chaoba Devi of Manipur won gold medals in the 800m and 1500m.
Besides the Raid Lyngdoh, Bah Moses Syngkli, the Secretary of the Raid Nongkhrai, Bah Stephan Maring, the Assistant Secretary, Bah Vincent Makri, Bah Albinus Tmung, the Raid Chairman and others also attended the ceremony. other longsan mansan and leaders from 15 villages under the jurisdiction of the Raid Nongkharai.
At the same time, the MSA has announced that they will hold the first Masters State Swimming Championship in the state on the 18th of November this year.
Travelness Paliar, President of ASHA South West Khasi Hills District, said that on behalf of the ASHAs, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare and The Meghalaya government has not yet clarified the demand of the ASHAs. We will continue our strike indefinitely and will continue to strike until further notice.
The union has handed over these foreigners to the Anti Infiltration Check Gate at Byrnihat for further investigation.
Hygiene is the most important thing in human life, in relationships in any work, environments and everywhere.
This is not the first time formalin has been found in imported fish; so buy fish that are safe to eat.
The Shnong Sohphoh has also urged all drivers of tourist and local vehicles to vaccinate themselves to protect themselves from covid-19 and any drivers who have not vaccinated should not carry passengers from Sohphoh because The teachers of all four schools have been urged to vaccinate themselves and those from outside the village should not come and go, but should stay in the village.
Heibormi Sungoh, Chairman of the Kiri Dolloi Native Cultural Institute, said that the fest was started without any expense and there was no financial gain. Please encourage the youth in the field of filmmaking and also to preserve films related to the lifestyle, music and food of the people of different regions in Khasi-Jaintia and Garo Hills.
The Seng urges the paradoh parasnam not to call or employ the mynder and especially those who have benami in the trade because after this the mynder will eat and turn away from us. the owner of the country.
AK Mishra, Advisor to MHA (North East), led the meeting on behalf of the Central Government, Peter Dkhar on behalf of the State Government and HNLC. by my members.
Mamuni Parveen, Tarisha Mary Kharbamon and Madan Bahadur Thapa have been arrested in connection with the incident.
It is terrible to know that the sins of the people in those days in these two cities offended the living God.
At present, at the Screening Center at 13mer, it was observed that the hard work of the Police has been insufficient and that is that they have worked too hard, that is, that is that they have not allowed any vehicle to drive. They will knieh pass forcibly and when they find that any vehicle has forced pass, they turn away those vehicles that want to take pass forcibly, except those vehicles that have really urgent work, such as in case of illness. you suffer with others.
This is a golden opportunity for those who have not yet visited or known Nongdisong Village.
It was also mentioned that even after pointing out many of the shortcomings in the construction process, the relevant government authorities have pretended not to notice.
Shillong: Na Rynsan Ki Sur Tynrai Pynter Cultural, which has been recognized by the village authorities since 2014 at Tngonphlang Madan Lyntang, has been able to take part in the competition. many cultural programs, even outside the state.
A Holy Mass was held at Mawlai parish for the eternal rest of the soul of the Archbishop.
In the North East, almost all political parties, civil society groups, Chief Ministers, Ministers, MPs, MLAs, MDCs, National Assemblies, religious organizations and the general public have come out to protest against the CAB. We have witnessed the unity of the North East as a whole through the issue against CAB. In Meghalaya too we have seen the unity of voice against CAB in the past months and months.
'When we sit by the fire around the fire, we look at the three stones where the mother of the house puts the khiewja to shetja and puts the khiew jyntah to shet jhur, to get a place. and the grain to be eaten with love and family unity.
He came from a poor family and became a doctor to treat patients. He completed his MBBS from Guwahati Medical College (GMC).
At present, the revenue from kyiad is T.350 crore per annum.
He said that after receiving complaints from the people and local MDCs regarding the illegal construction of the Assam government within the border of Meghalaya, the Executive Committee has appointed the EM incharge. of the Elaka where the department has inspected and found that there has been a forced encroachment on the land under Meghalaya.
On this occasion, with the encouragement of the people, Bah Syiem has decided to stand as an independent candidate.
Shillong, Nailar 31: South Shillong MLA Sanbor Shullai has held talks with BJP leaders in Delhi recently on the political situation in the state.
The WJDSA has announced that the WJDSA has opened a player transfer market for this season.
The union also requests the government and the district authorities to fight hard to pay the rights of the teachers who provide physical and spiritual services especially to improve education. in the state as a whole.
Finally, the Governor visited the Wah Umngot – the tourist attraction of the State.
How did Verniaev; The winner of the Parallel Bars gold medal at the Rio Olympics 2016 and the silver medal in the All-Around, has been rejected for defending and retaining the title at the Olympics. He has been banned from the Tokyo Olympics after testing positive for the banned drug Meldonium in April
According to a source from the district police, the arrest was made after a suspicion and search operation, since the day of the shooting of Shaibandon Nongrim.
Therefore, Ukrainian officials have expressed their dissatisfaction this time and said that the city may fall under Russian rule on an unknown day.
The Rangbah Shnongs of various villages in Ri-Bhoi District today held an emergency meeting following the appearance of this news on Youtube which has affected the honor and dignity of Bah BB Makdoh Chairman. The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi District has issued a statement saying that the CEM of KHADC has not spoken or criticized Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem CEM of KHADC regarding the election in Mawryngkneng Constituency.
The man had recently returned from Saudi Arabia for a religious pilgrimage.
With the responsibility and initiative of the residents of Narwan, many of the abandoned areas have now started to regain their bright colors and this is a sign of victory through the cooperation of the authorities. Narwan Village Authority, the villagers under the leadership of the Institute of Natural Resources (INR) Meghalaya through the project of planting Citronella and other trees to improve the soil.
Speaking to SP News Agency, Bah Nongum, who is currently admitted to Vellore Hospital, said that in the afternoon while the doctors were treating him, someone phoned him and claimed to be dead. He is the Branch Manager of SBI and said that his money will not enter because it is blocked.
When the coal mining industry was going well, our income was still sufficient and now since the NGT has banned coal mining, I have lost that job and to support my family, I have grown flowers now and I find it useful.
And how we have a sour taste.
When asked by BJP leaders, General Secretary David Kharsati, he said that the resignation or appointment of Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma is the responsibility of the Congress.
In Ri Bhoi, there are 35 cases, 28 males and 7 females.
Shillong, Nailar 4: U Willson Hynniewta, 35, of Laitryngew, Shillong, passed away at 4:40 pm this morning. Before arriving at the hospital, police sources said that it was suspected that there was a robbery by the MO who took over the case.
“In the past, the shopkeepers used to say that they will take the goods within 100 days, but they immediately provide the necessities. remind to pay the remaining bill or say “Complete the remaining”.
“I don't want the government to refuse to implement the ILP just because it is not in the manifesto,” he said.
Shillong, Naiwieng : Edge 10 has submitted its Talent Identification Phase-1 report to the Government through the Meghalaya State Olympic Association. children and youth of the state have the skills to develop or train them in many sports activities.
A 16-year-old girl from Lamin village, Amalrem Sub Division has died at NEIGRIHMS after suffering from severe illness this afternoon at about 3 pm.
“When the owners of the houses don't work, we can't do anything and it's up to them,” said Bah Phimsing.
The G20 is the largest gathering for international cooperation to develop an economy that accounts for about 85% of the world's GDP, more than 75% of world trade, and about two from a third of the world’s population.
At this meeting, the KAS also decided to fight for the inclusion of the Khasi Language in the Eight Schedule of the Constitution of India.
In addition, the Court also directed that if there is any special program or employment opportunity available or job available for women or if there is any education program for women which cannot be included. refugee, the State should provide all necessary assistance to this refugee so that she can live a life like others.
On the other hand, the organization would like to thank all those who have contributed to our program including the State Bank of India, Mohan Makin, No.Snack, Umpohliew, Central Warehouse 9 mer Baridua, as well as the Batesi. Shillong: The HNYF Southern Riwar Circle Dawki wishes a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to all the children of Hynniewtrep. Through this annual ritual, the Christians pray that it will be a blessing to the people of Hynniewtrep for a healthy body, prosperity and peace. in the soul.
They have also sent a petition to the Meghalaya Pollution Control Board and NGT, which are responsible for the conservation of natural resources.
These items were seized near Guwahati in Amingaon area of ​​Kamrup district of Assam on Tuesday night.
Criticizing the BJP, the TMC leader said that the BJP has the intention to unite all in all the states of the country. “We have to stand up to speak and defend in this regard.
Because of this, the right to protect the minorities is still emerging after the introduction of the Sixth Schedule.
"It's my dream to play for the country and I'm excited to be called up for this," said Benny.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Education Officers, Bah Mayborn Lyngdoh said, “The meeting was not equal but empty like a well without water.
The experts in this program are from NCFE. Students of the college are invited to participate and more information can be obtained from the college on this programme.
“This is the first time that a film fest has been held without any excitement and I am very pleased to see that the audience has filled the hall,” said Tarun.
Risa Colony SC won their first Group-D title of the Fourth Division (U-20) Football League 2023 by beating Pommura SC 2-1 on Friday at Stadium. Polo.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, while praising the Police Force on Twitter, said, “The drug trafficking has threatened the state and our goal is to free Meghalaya from drug trafficking. drugs.
The Chief Guest who opened the annual celebration of the quasqui centenary said that he was pleased to know that this church teaches the unity and brotherhood of mankind in the world.
I am not saying that it is not necessary but Mawsynram needs and deserves to get a civil sub-division but it should wait.
“At first he would take me to the ring venue and I would have to stay for a long time in the venue, which was full of men. I had to come back by auto or he would come on me and during the journey, he would put his hands on my neck and kiss me, saying that I did well today".
However, after the appointment of Regional Committees by both the States and these Committees have already done their work and the Government of Meghalaya has submitted its Report on 21st November 2021, the question arises: Why? The KHADC has not yet submitted its report. The State has lost a lot of land in the Khanapara-Pillingkata sector.
He denounced the Congress government as the most corrupt in the world and the days of its end are near.
Nongstoin, Iaiong 15: Mairang Police Station on Tuesday morning recovered the body of a man from the Urbuh River in Mawsawa WKHD. to Mairang Police Station.
Speaking at the meeting, Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District Swapnil Tembe said, “I have traveled around the country and I have had the opportunity to talk to youth from all over the states. Meghalaya is also one of the most talented states in my opinion.
The delegation of 24 members included John F Kharshiing, Chairman of the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, Niandro Syiemiong, Syiem of the Federation of Khasi States, Father Manik Syiemlieh, Chairman of the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya. Syiem of Hima Nongkhlaw & Vice –President, Federation of Khasi States, Bah Harlinjai Skhemlon, Sirdar of Hima Mawdon, & Secretary, Federation of Khasi States, Bah Humphrey L Ryntathiang, Lyngdoh Hima Lyngiong Lyngdohship, & Joint Secy, Federation of Khasi States, Mr. R.Hamberly Wahlang, Chief of Nongspung Hima, Mr. R.Hamberly Wahlang, Minister of Nongspung Hima, Mr. Wanphrang Syiem, Mr. Hamslet Mylliempdah, Minister of Khyrim Hima, Mr. RL Sohliya, Minister of Hima Nongspung. Mawphlang , Secretary Mawsynram Hima Lawrence Basaiawmoit Minister Basaiawmoit, Nongkhlaw Hima, Elijius Sawian Secretary, Secretary, Secretary, Chief Executive Officer of Sohra HP Oflyn Dohling Mr. Moon and Garod Dolloi of Rymbai District, Bah.
The ceremony was attended by the Rangbah Shnong, Secretary Shnong, other Village Officers and the family members of Samla Eleven Dkhar. The event was led by Samla Shwari Ryngkhlem, Chairman of the Sports Committee of KSU Wapung Unit.
“No political party in the North East has reached this stage,” he said.
Guwahati: The implementation of the National Register of Citizens (NRC) by the Assam government has turned into a failure. decided not to prosecute those Gorkhas who do not have sufficient documents to prove that they are citizens of Assam.
In the first semi final between Lamare SC and Selajong FT, despite the rain, it was a thrilling match for the spectators. The teams played well and through their skills and showed their talent as players, it attracted the attention of the spectators who are lovers to watch the football tournament.
Regarding the grant from the state government, JHADC has received only Rs.1.8 crore which has been allocated for the construction of the District Council Building.
He said the central government should find out the root causes of the emergence of these armed groups because even after social agreements with many old groups, new ones are still emerging.
Image credit: Indian Football Team.
Lyngdoh said that in 2027 the Youth Service of the KJP Synod Sepngi will be held at the Umyiap Presbyterian Church, so to connect this road is very important for the safety of the people. residents of the area.
The government has already extended the term of the GHADC twice and this is the fourth time that it has extended the term.
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, Nongsder Block-1, Umiam, has declared the village to be a containment zone for three days. They have warned against entering and leaving the village from the 23rd to the 26th of this month.
At the same time, he congratulated all the political parties who have raised this issue in Parliament to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule.
A small request to this government and also to the officers in charge of this is that “Please resolve the border on the basis and rights of the country and the country”.
This behavior of the drivers puts the passengers in grave danger and the exploitation of the drivers, is that on carrying passengers per vehicle, then they charge arshah na The fare of the vehicle was not charged during the time before the Covid-19 pandemic.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Ngaitlang Dhar expressed his gratitude to these leaders especially the young people who have a far-sighted vision that the NPP party has hope in Umroi. Constituency and the reception on that day was only for the leading leaders, and only those who came to join so far are not less than 2 thousand.
He said that from time to time, the Department of Urban Affairs and the Shillong Municipal Board have been monitoring the cleanliness of the city.
More than 25 athletes from across India, including a strong team from Madhya Pradesh, Karnataka and Meghalaya, took part.
Ms D Challam explained the work of MCSWA and also the cure for drug addiction.
I have explained that the State Government is preparing to calculate the cost of labor per month and how much the cost per year for the salary increase,” said Bah Rymbui.
However, the man did not stop and as soon as he reached about two or three feet away from him, the policeman shot 10 bullets inside the body of the man with the intention of protecting himself.
On the other hand, the RBYO leader urged the contractors or those who need employees, not to invite foreigners who do not have proper documents and if they invite bar workers, They must also provide the necessary documents before they come to work in the state.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) SengKmie has expressed its concern regarding the price of petrol in the state. In the past few days, the price of petrol has risen to T.92.65 per litre and diesel has risen to T.92.65 per litre.
Atishi, who is an AAP MLA, has tested positive for Covid-1
There will also be a Question Hour as in the Legislative Assembly where the farmers from each Block have already prepared the questions which the Union has already sent to the Government departments to answer in the Legislative Assembly.
Therefore, the union urges the District Council to take action on this issue and to strengthen and enforce its check point/check gate so that these Dkhars who come to smuggle illegal logs they shall not be able to do anything.
The National People's Party (NPP) has made it clear that it does not want to allow the United Democratic Party (UDP) in the Lok Sabha elections from the 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency. to announce the candidate of the party.
The NPP will be the party that cannot rule itself and lead the state forward.
In such an incident, it was reported that a group of robbers on the night of 20th June attacked the family members of the Vice-President of the TMC and also an MLA, George B. Lyngdoh, who was arrested on Wednesday morning.
The world powers, on the other hand, are gathering together from time to time to find ways and means to preserve the nature of creation.
Speeches were also delivered by other party leaders including Jowai MLA, Bah Wailad Shylla and others.
The Minister also warned against relying solely on rainfall as a source of electricity, stressing the need to think carefully at this time.
Nongpoh, Nailur 15: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) under the leadership of Chief Executive Member (CEM) Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem in the presence of Bah Victor Rani and Bah Victor Rani. Alvin Sawkmie together with officers, the Enforcement Police have closed down 46 shops of foreigners without proper documents in a raid on Thursday from Byrnihat to Khanapara.
The Electoral Roll was released on 10th March while the registration of nomination papers was received on 14th March. You have registered your name.
In fact, the main task of the Government is to bring about changes that benefit the citizens especially in relation to the right to quality education in the state.
Meanwhile, a group of non-government school teachers in the state under the banner of JACATAM have met with the Minister of HRD and expressed their concerns. The teachers in the state have received their salaries once every three or four months and the number of posts that the government has divided including deficit pattern, deficit system, adhoc, government schools, private schools.
The kynphor tree is one of such plants.
He also urged the newly appointed Chief Executive Member (CEM) to take this incident as a lesson and to be vigilant as those who are dead may be the ones who will fall behind.
/ Daniel 9:24.
They also said that as a small paid ethnic group, they are afraid that one day they will be overwhelmed by other high paid ethnic groups. If possible or not, as organizations that have responsibility for the people, they will know how to protect the ILP in Meghalaya. of the nation and of the land.
“We have also set up a building for the Block Office to operate temporarily,” said Emlangky.
Rejoice Gassah also scored 27 runs (5×4).
And you will find that the children who have been forced by their parents to deviate from the customs and traditions of society by doing things wrong in food, language, dress and so on, these children become stubborn and live a slow life in everyday life.
“It is necessary to implement properly all the schemes used by the central or state government for the distribution of drinking water to the people so that in the next 30 years, the people will have access to drinking water in every household. " said Marcuise.
The registration is also for 7478 persons with disabilities.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) has demanded an inquiry by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) into the illegal dew trade in the state. He said that the coal smuggling was carried out with the knowledge of the police chiefs of Assam and Meghalaya.
“The office has received many complaints regarding the presence of illegal toll gates on the National Highway, State Highway and major roads of East Khasi Hills,” said the District. Magistrate.
The President of FKJGP Garo Hills Zone, Pritam Arengh, said that the state government has deceived the people in the demarcation of the border and has also violated the prayer it had made before the signing of the MoU. Pritam said the government initially agreed that the demarcation in the state would be based on four pillars: the Pakit or the history of those places, the ethnic group living in these areas. borders, the will of the people, the administrative conviction and the geographical continuity.
“When the government runs the hostels, only education can be controlled, but it cannot provide other education to the children which is spiritual education. that NGOs or religious groups should run the hostels,” said Dr. Mukul.
Nongstoiñ, July 7: Seven persons from Gizang Salbari have been arrested. members, who were arrested by the Assam police on a complaint lodged by Beckine G. Sangma at Hahim Border Out Post, has angered the residents.
Although we experience these, life and the world are intertwined and what has happened and what is happening is an important part of life.
Israel will make a covenant with him, and this covenant will last only a short time.
Therefore I urge all to participate with a righteous and pure spirit.
So he kidnapped Divya.
He said that many shortcomings and ways to improve will be discussed at this meeting.
Speaking to media, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that at the meeting held today, it was decided that the remains of the deceased in the state will be buried. , should be completed by 2 pm and this will apply to those who have died from Covid-19 as well as those who have died from other causes.
The categories include Women's Single, Women's Doubles, Men's Single Open and Men's Doubles Open, Mixed Doubles, Men's Singles 35+, Men's Doubles 35+, 50+Men's Single and 50+Men's Doubles.
Nongpoh: Today at 11 am, the residents of Barapathar, Mawiong and other villages, protested against the demolition of the Mawnongrim of Meghalaya at Barapathar village, which was demolished yesterday. days on people allegedly from Assam.
Nongpoh, 07 June: Police of Nongpoh Police Station, today at 7 pm, have recovered the body of a foreigner from the National Highway, near the village. Dulongnar is located in Ri-Bhoi District.
EKH won the toss and chose to bat first with the intention of setting a big target.
However, it is suggested that as Dr. Jemino Mawthoh has already become the General Secretary of the Seng, it would be better to give the post of Post President to Bah Paul. lead from the earliest times.
Regarding Christmas, the KJP Synod has not made any special arrangements to hold the service but it is as usual every year.
As far as he could, Thomas Jones gave and gave his life.
Shillong, Jymmang 9: The KSU Nongthymmai Circle on Tuesday inspected the condition of the ITI campus at Rynjah and found that There are many shortcomings including the lack of accommodation in the hostel which is the accommodation of the students.
Shillong, Lber 27: U MLA of the 19th Shillong South Constituency, Bah Sanbor Shullai, has sent a letter to the Minister of Defense of the Government of India to inform him of the problems faced by the residents of the Shillong Cantonment Board (SCB). ask from time to time.
Tickets for the spectators will be T.100 each.
At the end of the meeting, prizes were awarded to the winners of the poetry competition in which there were 7 winners.
Bihar has 78 deaths, followed by Uttar Pradesh (37), Delhi (29) and Andhra Pradesh (22).
“We cannot continue our cooperation with FKJGP in the future for unavoidable reasons.
Renikton said that his car dealership at Mawiong Rim is ready to provide full service to the public from the manufacture to the sale of cars from the 16th of this month and this will help the public. “I don't need to go to Guwahati anymore,” he added.
Besides, Fixed Deposits (FDs) worth T.41.9 crore were seized.
If we do good to others, we will receive a good reward and a great blessing before man or God.
The Council has also written to the Ministry of Education against the decision of the Vice Chancellor of NEHU to proceed with the implementation of the NEP, 2020 in the schools in the state. from this 2023 season.
In that day his feet shall stand upon the mount of Olives Zechariah 14:4.
Shillong: The Ephphatha Society (NGO) on 6th June 2022, has started its two day workshop on “Problems and Development of Adolescent Persons”. with Disabilities" was divided into four parts and four Resource Persons from four Departments came to explain; S.Sympli from DSWO and R.Sariang from ICDS.Twenty-nine persons with disabilities from Lumshken, Iapmala, Suchem Mulieh, Wahsarang, and these people with special abilities were accompanied by their mother.
On the other hand, Assam Rifles spokesperson Lt. Col Sunil Rawat said the woman has not lodged a complaint with the army yet.
Newspapers shall clearly display the Marketing Initiative in the Supplement/special edition to distinguish these from regular news.
This helps provide that platform where kids feel free and confident to voice their opinions, and express their fears and share their plans," she said.
KJDSTA and GHDSTEA have also expressed their concern over the government's decision to send the teachers to write the census because besides some of them have to correct the Matric and Class XII examinations, they have to write the census. and this will affect the students as they will have to take leave for three or four months.
Dr Saraswat was speaking at a press conference on his arrival to attend the 24th Convocation today.
She said that she was elected as the 'Best Commander' at the NCC Prime Minister Rally and received the award which was a joy and pride not only for herself as a Prime Minister Rally. youth from Meghalaya and it is also a joy for the family, the community and the region as a whole.
I found this ferrous sandstone in Rangjyrteh and it is also found in many areas in the area of ​​Laitryngew, Sohrarim, Mawkma, Raikteng, Rngimawsaw, Laitlyndop, Laitduh and in the surrounding areas. u coal.
Rohan Rai scored 37 runs from 35 balls, Mukhramul H Sarkar 28 runs from 44 balls, Doril June Pathaw 28 runs from 44 balls. Arnold Shadap took 5 wickets in 3.3 overs and 2 wickets in 4 overs.
But Zacchaeus' desire to see Jesus was very different from the desire of others.
Speaking on the occasion, Social Welfare Minister Paul Lyngdoh said that the State Government is fighting as hard as it can to eradicate drugs from the state.
God's Kingdom will come from heaven to earth for 1,000 years.
Hindi should be a third language and not a compulsory subject.
In the 2nd Division, Laitumkhrah beat Nongkseh 10-1
In another match, Sanmer beat Nongmensong 2-3
Prestone reminded the former Prime Minister that during his tenure he had distributed 5000 tyngka and food items to the families in 2017 before the election.
Here too they will not have peace until they know and recognize that Jesus is their Messiah and that time will come when they will call upon the Lord, and the Lord will deliver them, says the Word of God. Blei – “They will look to me whom they have killed, they will kill Jesus.
They respect and fear the leaders of Meghalaya especially the leaders of the national parties.
“I fell asleep and had to sleep.
The theme of the conclave is 'Close the Care Gap' - the theme is to address the problems of patients and provide the best care.
Therefore, we have to look at from this point of view and see if there are other projects that we can implement and if there are, we want to implement them otherwise it will be a loss to the State in terms of money. money has arrived for some of the railway works," he added.
He said the NDA government has ordered him to go to all the Congress ruled states to tell the truth about the non-Congress including Congress ruled Meghalaya.
The meeting was attended by Embhah Syiemlieh MLA Mawlai, Moonlight Pariat, MDC, Marki Mulieh MDC, Michel Saioo, UDP President Girison. These UDP leaders met with the members of the KNGCSU including Jersom Shylla Cultural Secretary and some members of the KNGCSU. At this meeting, the members of the KNGCSU led by Jerson Shylla, presented their demands to the UDP leaders, including the demand to expand or build more dormitories. class, unpaid staff of this college, to appoint more teachers for morning and afternoon classes as well as according to the semester system, to open a women's hostel, to appoint guards for the college and appoint CCTV cameras, to repair the road inside the college and others including buses, as there are only 2 buses for the 3000 students who have already paid for the bus fare and others.
Perhaps we all witness the campaigns and election campaigns in which many people take part but just because someone violates the rules we will follow them,” said Father Richard.
Announcing this, JACATAM Publicity Secretary Babu Kular Khongjirem said that the JACATAM meeting on Saturday decided to continue the strike by sitting in the school grounds on the 27th and 28th. and on the 29th, they will gather at the district headquarters of 11 districts of the state.
At the beginning of the second half, the match was the same due to the strength of both the teams and there were times when they tried to score but couldn't and it was in the last minutes of the first half. In the second half, Weilyngkut Area scored the first goal and Krang Area beat Krang Area 2 goals to nothing.
He also alleged that the BJP and the RSS have been involved in the visit of government ministers to Meghalaya and the distribution of crores of rupees to the churches.
The marathon, entitled 'Run for Democracy', was held as part of the celebration of the polling season for the candidates for the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Election
On employment, the RDA said it will ensure that the youth of the state should be empowered and have a National Youth Policy and a National Sports Policy.
Biswabandhu Sen (69) was formerly the Congress leader for five terms but in 2017 he joined the BJP. Sen was elected to the post of Speaker with 32 votes against Gopal Chandra Roy of the Congress who received only 14 votes. vote'.
At the same time, Bah Kharkongor said that the MDC of Laban has blocked the police.
From this tournament, India has also secured four places at the Paris Olympics.
What is this now, is it not only the teachers who cannot explain to the children that they have to go and prepare special books?
All of you will benefit from the implementation of the Citizenship (Amendment) Act.
Please publish in the newspaper and on rupang.com.
“The Kurs will have to register and we will try to look into the rules to be registered and once the Khasi Lineage Act is passed and enacted, the Clan Administration will be registered. Through the Law Department,” said the Elaka EM.
This road will also reduce the distance of up to 130 kilometers for passengers, will improve road connectivity and will provide great convenience to the people of these two states,” he added. Bah Nutmeg.
Indeed, although the Government has not received funds to clean up the Umshyrpi River, it should create mechanisms to raise funds for the cleanup of the Umïam River.
On the other hand, the Speaker of the Lok Sabha has sent a vote to the MPs who support and oppose the bill, and in that vote, most of them are against.
Through this step, the Swacch Bharat Mission staff also visited the CTS Memorial Hat Step Market in Nongpoh.
As the population increases, so does the production of solid waste or liquid waste from our homes.
On the evening of the 27th of last month, police found the bodies of two foreigners whose deaths may have been caused by a bomb blast in the village. Ichamati is still under Sohra Civil Sub-Division.
There was also a performance by Rudy Wallang, Tipriti Kharbangar and Lou Majaw.
Abul Sabar scored the first goal in the 56th minute.
Out of the five candidates who contested the election from the constituency, two did not attend, TMC candidate Elgiva Rynjah and NPP candidate Ransom Sutnga.
In Iewduh alone, 100 soaps have been supplied to each shop, said the trader and added that the supply of soaps depends on the needs of the vendors.
“Most of the time the council fund has been used when the council is in financial difficulties and it is used to run the council's activities, but this EC led by Ma Thombor Shiwat has misused this money just to benefit some. “I don't have any MDCs,” said Andrew.
He also urged the youth to use their talents properly through this tournament and expected that the stars will rise from one stage to another especially to avoid crime and alcohol.
Although they expected it to increase, it has decreased, with only 13 students passing in 2018, 11 students in 2019 and 9 students passing in 2020 from this area.
The school, which the MDC of Mawhati, has helped to improve, has been built since 1995 and since then, the school has continued to provide education to the children not only in the school. village, but in the whole area and which has provided training from children to class
Shillong, Naitung 09: Star Cement, one of the leading cement companies in the region, has recently donated T.25 lakh to the Chief Minister's Relief Fund, Meghalaya for the relief of the flood victims. in different parts of the state.
The earthquake, which measured 6 on the Richter scale, struck Paktika this morning.
He said that the police department will take action if they receive any information that there is illegal mining of coal in the remote areas of the state.
They were identified as Abigail Vanpari Vanchawng of Nongrim Hills, Shillong and Rintu Chanshyam Saikia of Chincholoi, Mumbai.
The court also ordered the payment of compensation of T.3 lakh to the relatives of the victim.
After the suspension of vehicles, we see that it has really affected the income and income of those who earn their living from the sales industry, it has also affected the passengers, drivers of commercial vehicles. The public and especially the villagers who live far from the markets because they can no longer go to buy their necessities due to the traffic jam.
The words of Daniel 11:32 – “...but the people that know God shall be strong and prevail” encourage and give hope to all of us.
At that time, the Election Commission of India, which decided to register political parties, also issued the registration and the stamp even though the APHLC did not have any clear document.
If it weren't for the bra, it was said that there could have been a case where the breasts would have fallen to the ground and the doctors would have had to cut or remove the breasts of the sheep.
Mawkhar players managed to hold on to the ball for a long time and turned towards the Malki goal.
There are dozens of civil society organizations in this country, but it is only the Seng Khasi, which feels right, to discuss, on the path to plant the ksiang, in order to reach the path. of the conversation.
Why do companies increase the price of cement while they want it in the State while the price abroad is low? The reason is that we as a nation are not united.
Khliehriat, November 8: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle, through its General Secretary, Samla Sanatomba Bamon, has expressed its concern over the lack of immediate action by the government and the leaders of the area to repair the border bridge. In Lahaleiñ village, which was destroyed by the floods, the damage to this bridge has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers from the border areas.
Speech was also delivered by the brother of Bah Che, Bah Granary Starfield Thangkhiew who first of all congratulated all the Surs in the Bri u Hynniewtrep who have been calling from one day to the next. another day and who did not rest at all but continued to come forward to shout for this incident.
Shillong: The DC, East Khasi Hills District has imposed 144 Crpc in Shillong to prohibit the public from opening shops after 10 pm. The police are not able and skilled to curb the riots and bring peace and order in the state.
The Embassy of India has deployed 62 buses from many parts of Sudan to reach Port Sudan.
Upon hearing these words of Bah Coming One Ynbon, the people and the dignitaries who attended the ceremony laughed.
“There are two types of Covid-19 patients, one is infectious and one is not infectious. They should be treated at home because many of the people are homeless and this puts others at risk.
The Minister, who walked on foot from the central area of ​​Khyndailad, also walked through the public area where there were vendors in the square, which in previous years was not allowed to pass vehicles.
Welcoming the year 2023 to be a prosperous and blessed year, the leaders of the BJP Mawhati Mandal led by the President, Bah Shanbor Rympei and Dr. Evarist Myrsing as the BJP candidate and On the 1st July 2023, the first day of the New Year, they laid flowers at the cemetery of Fr.Sylvanus Sngi in Shillong, Kumba. Dr. Evarist Myrsing, BJP candidate from Mawhati for the 2023 election in the state, said that the reason for the BJP Mawhati Madal to commemorate this leader is because Fr.Sylvanus Sngi is from Thaiang area in Mawhati and as a leader of Mawhati he has made a great contribution to the society. .
It is interesting to see and listen to people who speak many languages ​​whether it is English (British & American), Hindi, Spanish, French, German, Mandarin, and so on.
During the meeting, the duju said that they don't want to wear sopti because the price of sopti has dropped too much.
Therefore, it is clear that the people in this world are lynïar shla, starving, dying of disease for one reason, that is, they did not think from the beginning.
“I am full of excitement to be here.
Can I? And what shall I do if I send you away? I am a visually impaired person.
The pictures themselves are pictures and to give them shelter is like putting bombs that can explode at any time, so it is dangerous.
I think it is still the same to this day.
Sushri Uikey, who is now the 18th Governor of Manipur, has replaced La Ganesa as Governor of Manipur.
Some of them were laughing, while the man and the two young women were being sympathized with.
Argentina, led by Messi as captain, beat Saudi Arabia 2-1 in the World Cup in Qatar.
When I looked at the trees inside the truck at the place and time they were shot, I saw only small trees, ngan trees and sning trees which were not good trees. and they are expensive or not supply trees.
God after flooding the earth with water.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 23: The new building of the Sib Singh Memorial Government Higher Secondary School in Nongpyndeng has been inaugurated by Conrad Kongal Sangma since July last year.
Speaking to media, he said he will wait for the hearing on the 12th of this month and after receiving the decision of the court, he will speak.
This is according to a statement sent by Dr. Marbhador M.Khymdeit – GS of NEHUTA, Shillong.
The Supreme Court has directed the government to provide food, rations and medicines.
PA Sangma and the aspirations of the people of the North East,” said Sangma.
NEHUSU believes that this is not the fault of the students, but that there is a shortcoming in the management of the University.
Km, and the union wondered who changed the figure from the record of 1972, and on this matter the CSWO wants to ask for clarification from the government, where the land of about 60 sq. km.
In a meeting with reporters, the MLA of Nongpoh, congratulated the government authorities including the health department, police, Dorbar Shnongs, for their hard work in the field of during this time and in the midst of the fight against COVID-1
Who is to blame and the question should be asked why Meghalaya is lagging behind in the implementation of development projects? In terms of health, Meghalaya is lagging behind in all aspects from the number of doctors or until medical facilities.
Regarding the seizure of the vehicle carrying the village cows, the leaders said that the veterinary department has asked why they are only looking at the vehicles carrying the cows and Those vehicles carrying only village cows in the state, but those vehicles carrying muid from other states, can pass freely without being interrupted.
Jyntru FC will play against Umkseh SC in Group A (Shillong Zone) at 3 pm. In Group B, Youth Club Pdengkarong will play against Umkseh SC at 3 pm. Mawten will play against Seven United at 2:30 pm in Group C and Warima Youth Club will play against Seven United at 3 pm. They will play against Atong Matgrik at 3 pm.
Let us first look at the benefits.
On the 16th November 2020 at CHC Bhoirymbong, I met for the second time with the Village Authorities of Ri Bhoi East.
Kharkhrang said police immediately conducted a search operation and arrested Willbok Lyngdoh of Lumparing and later arrested his friend Sylvester. Marwein and Maushubuit.
The Medical Superintendent of the Civil Hospital also informed the Minister on the urgent need inside the hostels for the patients and also on the need to expand the trauma center and ICU. in order to meet emergency needs.
Police have recovered an AK 81 Rifle, magazines and bullets, 2 smooth bore rifles and 3 pistols and necessary documents from the suspects. place.
The body was taken to Silchar Medical College and Hospital (SMCH) for post-mortem.
On the same day, after the inauguration of the District Jail, the Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma, Roshan Warjri, Dr. DD Lapang and Dr C Lyngdoh also visited the District Jail. The Cultural Complex and District Library Hall will be opened in Nongpoh.
The WAKO India Children, Cadets and Juniors National Kickboxing Championship was held from 19th to 23rd November. , 2022 in Kolkata, West Bengal organized by the West Bengal Sports Kickboxing Association.
The group led by Kyrshan convened a meeting on 19/10/21 and elected Kyrshan as president, Pynshngaiñ Papang as Vice President, Shaphrang Pajuh as Secretary and Ombormi Tariang as President. President JYF) as Assistant Secretary, Prakash Phawa as Treasurer and members of the Executive Committee.
The award was presented to Bah Charlesstar Thabah and Lalan Roy of the Office of Fire and Emergency Service Meghalaya Shillong.
The training participants are from LifeSaving Mumbai who are well versed in this field.
They said that this is necessary for the economy as holding elections at different times leads to increase in prices of commodities and slowdown in the economy.
In the second half, Ïapmala UTD SC beat Dienshalu SC 1-0 through Arly Lamo in the 7th minute.
He said that their participation is very important in the efforts of the state government to fight against drugs and make the state safe and drug free.
He said that the construction of the building of the college is in full swing and the building has 6 classrooms, one Principal's Room, one Staff Room, one Common Room, and twelve female and male toilets constructed on either side of the building.
Police have conducted checks on vehicles entering Shillong from all sides to ensure that HNLC members do not have the opportunity to cause trouble.
Regarding the public meeting, Bah GH Kharshanlor, urged the people of the district to come and participate so that they can discuss the government's plan to bring a railway line to the district. state.
Despite the defeat, Brazil will continue to move forward to the top of the table, as they have enough points, beating Switzerland on four points.
The reason for the collection of taxes from the farmers is because vehicles can no longer park in these areas because this area has been used by the farmers who come to sell jhur in this area.
Shillong: Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today met with Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun and Defense Minister James K Sangma regarding the assault on Michael Warjri. thma is your house, your land.
If we continue to auction and sell the beautiful hills and valleys of this Khasi Jaintia Hills for a crore, we will lose our right of ownership given by the Laiphew Syiems and Khatar Doloi. .
“There is a big difference between the price set in the market and the price set by the government and this can be found on the website of these companies,” he added.
According to a statement issued by the President of the party, Bah Teibor Khonglam, the party invites all the members of the Hynniew Trep Skum to attend the tournament which will be held on the 8th of this month. November 2013.
The Chief Minister asked about the solutions to the problems faced during the natural disasters in the region.
I believe that there will be a change in 2023,” he said.
The arrested policemen were identified as Johm Pathori and Pranjal Bora, both Sub Inspectors and Bipul Hazarika, Home Guard. Identify yourself as a member of the Crime Branch.
At the meeting, NESO also decided to fight against the infiltration of mynder which is the most important issue for the identity of the indigenous peoples in the North East besides education. employment and others.
Two of them have been able to stand on their own feet with the assistance of the Sauramandala Foundation.
Besides, it cannot be denied that the entire area from east to west is the most difficult area and the violence against the residents by the Assam government and the authorities is very severe. The Assam government from east to west has almost reached the edge of the constituency bordering Nongstoin and Mawshynrut constituencies.
Such discussions will provide information to journalists on the conditions of the people of the area, the economy and society and the political situation in the state and the government's development initiatives. that par.
F.Warjri, the housekeeper of Missionary Sarah Suchitra Savariyan, said that there was no insult by the owners of the house. " said Warjri.
After his speech, he also visited the shops selling sohphan of various groups.
Shillong: The BDO of Mawshynrut C&RD Block has delayed in granting permission to reopen the Langpih Market after it was closed due to the pandemic due to the outbreak of Covid-1 The responsibility assigned to him to open the Langpih market which is the only market in the area has caused difficulties to the people in terms of buying and selling pets where they have to go to Nonglang and Nongstoin market.
These seven villages are Nongrim Hills, Pohkseh, Nongrah, Nongmensong, Lapalang, Riat Laban and Wah Dienglieng.
About 37 participants including school children and private individuals came to take part in this Painting Competition and it was possible to see the talent of the participants who painted and drew pictures on the painting. theme.
Severe punishment should be taken against those persons or agents who demand money from the beneficiaries, as these schemes are free of cost,” he said.
On the other hand, the AJCCTA has urged the government to issue an order against these factories not to implement the government's decision not to pay the fee of T.70 per quintal. it is a kilometre.
He explained about the allegations against the BJP that it is an anti-Christian party or that it bans the consumption of beef but he said that for two years now the party has been in power and not a single church has been closed down. there is no prohibition against eating meat.
The date of the tournament will be announced later.
Ma B Shylla was the chief guest to witness this good work of Pynbha VO and wished Pynbha VO to continue to work hard in the future.
After this, news spread about her skills and people started calling her 'Sprinter Dadi'
The residents told Jagan Mohan Reddy that Polavaram MLA Tellam Balaraju, Collector V Prasanna Venkatesh, Joint Collector P Arun Babu and other government officials have visited the area. The Minister congratulated these government officials for being willing to look after and support the flood victims in the implementation of which is still ongoing as many of the victims have not yet received them. financial assistance as allocated for them.
The electricity supply in the State will be increased from 8 hours to 7 hours.
“The CID has registered three cases against him and is trying their best to arrest him.
Out of the 107 posts of Senior Resident Doctor, 52 are vacant and out of the 90 posts of Junior Resident Doctor, 21 are vacant.
The tournament was inaugurated by the District Medical Officer Nongstoin, Dr SA Lyngdoh, in the presence of DSO Kong Balarina Syiem, teachers from schools, officials and students from schools. different.
In its order, the Court today directed the Odisha government to look into and stop the march if it endangers the health of the people. public.
Speaking as the chief guest, the CEM of KHADC said that although the program is small but it is very important and necessary to recognize the hard work in various fields of education and this is a program that brings 100% support as it is the future of the youth.
Meanwhile, Saral Patel wrote on Twitter: “The church has been destroyed and attacked by RSS soldiers in Roorkee, Haridwar.
This will cause a lot of trouble and confusion not only to the Class-X students, teachers, school authorities but also to the parents of the students as well.
“The Prime Minister has promised to take action on these demands and has promised that an independent committee will also investigate the theft of electricity and the Special Tarrif which the factories in Byrnihat have been using since 10 years ago,” he said. said Mr. Pangniang.
Speaking to media after the meeting, HITO Ri-bhoi District Vice President Elvis Kyrsian said that the Maternity and Child Hospital (MCH) at Umsning Parila Ri. -bhoi District is like a house that has not been used anymore and there has been the theft of some items from the area.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said the state government today after consultation with the management of NEIGRIHMS Hospital, will soon set up a Plasma Bank at NEIGRIHMS Hospital. work on this part, is still ongoing.
This is a sad announcement to all the family members, relatives and friends of Bah Anijmon Rymbui, District and Session Judge, South Garo Hills, Baghmara. He passed away on
" U Van counver G.Shullai (National Award – 2010)"In the Khasi song, there are songs of praise to God the Creator, songs of mountains, songs of puriskam, songs of sorrow, songs of sorrow, songs of sorrow. dance with the ksing, the tangmuri, the sounds of people or the sounds of the heart in the form of phawar, the sounds of Meikha, the sounds of ring-maw, the sounds of animals, the sounds of iasiat thong.
Shillong: The Congress leader in the state, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, has slammed the Trinamool Congress party, alleging that the TMC and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) may have a clear agreement to work together in the state. West Bengal.
He concluded by quoting from the poem of Soso Tham which says “Light we seek all over the world, light of the country we don't know anything”.
He said that there should be vigilance against attempts to defame India and “the spread of false stories about India from time to time.
Mawkyrwat, July 12: U Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Chief Minister of Mawkyrwat Constituency and Minister of Water Affairs, on Saturday, July 11, 2022, visited the One of the two buildings is the Girls' Hostel at Mawkyrwat and the Rilang College at Mawsaw.
What is needed is that the President of the party should trust and cooperate with the MLAs and also the MLAs should cooperate with the President.
Also Read: BJP accuses BJP of misusing more than T.16 crore in JHADC The support of these four BJP MDCs has increased the number of UDA members to 28 including 17 MDCs. NPP MDCs and 7 UDP MDCs.Also Read: MDCs criticize Thombor Shiwat for saying that even MDCs will protest if JHADC does not receive salary including Holland Lamin and Awhai Andrew Shullai.
Shillong, Nailur 12: HANM, Riwar Mihngi Circle on Saturday visited the Lyngkhat-Tmar road after the residents of Nohwet, Nongsohphan, Lyngkhat and other villages. The villages in the area have complained to the union that there is a lack of improvement by the contractor according to the rules of the PMGSY scheme. cleaned with wood which can endanger the passengers.
When you hear the sound of the crowd from the bombs, the ksing, the joy, the shouting, the shula for the announcement in the village, or the village banquet, how much it stirred up the minds of the people.
On this occasion, a projector presentation was held on some of the journey of Jevellin Wanniang through Jev's Wann Fashion Designer Tailoring & Embroidery.
From Jerusalem he will rule by force and overthrow the kingdoms of the earth and the kingdom of Israel.
Besides the Lok Sabha elections, it is understood that the BJP has also decided to contest the mid-term elections in Selsella as well as the District Council elections.
Hero Keswani initially received a salary of Rs 4,000 per month and now receives Rs 50,000 per month.
He said that the Kñia Pyrthat today was not only a sacrifice but a full lehñiam in which the Langdoh of Jowai prepared a pig, the Langdoh Kongwasan Chyrmang brought the sla, the Langdoh Tuber. he brought the Pyrnah Pyrjin and Langdoh Ialong brought the wheat.
According to government sources, on Saturday, about 1,000 residents of the area went to take part in a cultural festival. The incident occurred at about 6:30 pm.
The District Rural Development Agency (DADA) on Tuesday inaugurated a house constructed under the PMAY-G scheme at Moosakhia village in Amlarem C&RD Block. , which was handed over to Kong Solbi Suting of Moosakhia.
The HYC also alleged that the PDF has passed the Bill without the consultation of political parties, civil society and village headmen. There are two provisions in the bill,” said Robert.
Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Abu Taher Mondal will receive the salute in Nongpoh and Minister of PWD Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar in Jowai.
Giving money to children and providing for them while they are angry destroys not only their own children, but also the children of others and also brings shame and suffering to the whole family.
This will ensure smooth train operations and reduce the time of trains to and from the North East along with the traffic at the main Foreign Exchange.
The NEIPF also urges the Central Government to provide special protection to the people of the North East, as from time to time such kinds of rape and killings happen to the youth of North East. North East, as well as train passengers who are often harassed.
The tournament was organized under the leadership of the Meghalaya Taekwondo Association and the Ri-Bhoi District Taekwondo Association, including Jadumani Singh, General Secretary of the Meghalaya Taekwondo Association, and Manoj Singh, President of the Taekwondo Association of Ri-Bhoi District.
They also seized the equipment used in the illegal mining of coal and three vehicles carrying coal from these places.
At the same time, the KSU congratulated all the students who will take the examinations in the state.
Khliehriat: The MPUF-EJHD, under the leadership of its President Michal Chyrmang and President Kyrshan Blah, on Tuesday held a meeting with the President of the MPUF-EJHD. Abdul Karim, a foreigner from Silchar, who sells juti in a shop in Khliehriat, has been arrested.
He said that there are also reasons why doctors cannot explain to the couple why they don't have children.
In an interview with the residents, they said that this action of the government has upset them a lot because the lack of bus services means that they have to spend twice as much fare to take commercial taxis.
We see now that the Garo are struggling to turn parts of the Hynniewtrep Hills into Garo Hills.
Nongstoin, Naiwieng 6: Four villages including Shiliangrynniaw, Tlon, Umshynrut and Umjajew are the villages where the people live by agriculture. etc. are important raw materials.
In Pool-H, Lion Sports, Mulang Ialong, Lumpariat and Moosalyngkat won.
The fire broke out at 5 pm on Friday at a factory in Shezan, Naryanganj's Rupganj, the report said.
He said that the government has allowed the North East Frontier Railway to implement the railway line without consulting the people of the state. public hearing.
Nepalese wheat does best in cooler, humid climates.
The journalist was on his way to Lum Garo to cover the GHADC election, when he reached near Paikan, Goalpara District, when he encountered an accident. triem and although he was taken to hospital but the doctors declared that they could not save him.
“I have started this treatment without taking any money,” he said.
The Seiñ Kur Dkhar Jaintia Hills, Wapung Circle prays and wishes that through this Behdeiñkhlam, God will bless all the children of Raij Tuber so that they will have good health and happiness. that they may prosper in all things.
Bah Shakliar said that only 10 days after he entered the office, he had the opportunity to join in the ceremony to honor the football players who have brought fame and glory to the state as a whole.
Therefore, this article should no longer be a discussion but should highlight the facts and problems that arise when people verify themselves through the Aadhaar number.
People who saw this explosion said that it came from something in the sky, some said that it came from the ground and so on.
Without losing hope, People in evil have fallen; Where will the country go, Where will our children go?
United are top of Group-B with 11 points, while Lajong have 10 points from three games.
Now there are only three of them.
In Nohwet GS Circle, the villages are Nongsohphan, Nohwet, Nongthymmai Kyndiar, Lympungshyngan, Latang Riwan, Thiep Shkai, Riwai, Rimai, Rimai, Thai, Nongeitniang, Larsohbamon and Lympung Pdahliang. .
Two days later, someone informed the police that they saw a truck coming from Pynursla early in the morning to Shillong and inside the truck there were batteries. They seized the truck and found it.
“I was surprised by this fake result because the counting of the marks of the candidates has not been done yet, how can the result come out,” said Kong Booth.
We build houses according to the needs of the tribals and that too, without the participation of contractors.
The Chief Adviser of MCTODA, Bah Joannes JTL Lamare, said it is sad to see such incidents even after the Joint Secretary of the State Government recently issued an order that The Hima and District Councils have installed revenue collection gates along the road but these gates are still in place and are also a obstacle to the movement of trucks.
Rishotki S Dkhar has completed his Bachelor of Divinity degree from John Roberts Theological College, Mawklot, Shillong.
“Therefore, the union through that night, when they went to inspect themselves, they sent all the vehicles without allowing the drivers to pay money to the police,” said Anthony Lamare.
However, two groups including the Urban and Khapsor Taxi Drivers Union and another group known as the East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association have met the DC to express their opposition. of them this law.
Dr. EBV Laloo, District Tuberculosis Officer, Jaintia Hills, said that the disease has been around for many years, but the health department and a team of doctors are still fighting against it. to destroy this kind of disease.
To preserve these natural resources, the Society has planted 300 trees and shrubs of various kinds as a starting point.
He said that it is not only him who is facing this problem, but hundreds of teachers in the state are facing the same problem where just to provide for their own families they have to stand up. the tree and the stone to fight against the flesh only to live like others.
But why, the more you pray, the more the disease comes? On this I would like to ask – When the prayers in 2010 received the answer, why didn't the prayers in 2020? The following are my explanations to you readers whether you are satisfied or not, whether you are happy or angry with me, it is up to you friend.
So far, the state government has disbursed T.3,351,000 in 11 projects following the directive of the Commission.
These are the ones that can also be washed clean within the body.
Others who were present on the occasion included SC Marak, Chairman MSPB, MJ Sangma, MLA Mendipathar and Bah W Khyllep, Deputy Commissioner, North Garo Hills.
The caller threatened violence if Seema did not return to her country.
The DNLA (Dimasa National Liberation Army) shot dead nine trucks carrying coal and then burnt them to the ground.
Many people want to buy jhur from our villages because they know that they are clean, healthy and tasty to eat,” said Bah Sawkmie. .
The OC said it was suspected that the drugs were smuggled from Manipur through the Khatkhati Check Gate at Karbi Anglong and it was suspected that they were planning to hand over to people in Guwahati.
“We have seen that other ethnic groups (Garo) get more shares but Khasi Jaintia ethnic groups get less”.
When asked what will happen to those patients who have gone to bed now, the answer is that they cannot do anything because the government has announced that the card is dead and no longer working. I'm going to go to my place.
This struggle happens to achieve the goal, it is from here that selfishness comes, selfishness comes whether it is in wealth, honor, power or knowledge because it is a competition to win. others.
In the women's singles, Saina Nehwal will prepare for her debut against Thailand's Ratchanok Intanon; a Chinese opponent who has suffered defeat in recent years.
"These changes seem to have removed the compensatory method.
Lyngdoh suggested to the state government that if it takes any decision regarding the demarcation of the border, it should be the consensus of the people involved.
Physical abuse Sexual abuse, abuse or verbal abuse that affects the mind or mental health.
This has been posted in every village so that the people can complain if they find that the census has not been prepared yet.
“If we give the management to the MTC, this department will have to set up another department to look after this because it doesn't have staff,” she said.
The year 2023 came and soon left.
Nongstoiñ: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday said that three coal mining factories have suddenly appeared in Shahlang area of ​​West Khasi Hills District without any public hearing.
If the police do something wrong, it will be worse than Gaza.
There have been many incidents, where some people have blocked the trains and some have burnt the wheels of vehicles on the highways, but the police have managed to drive them away. said the news.
Khliehriat, July 14: The office of the District Mission Coordinator, Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan East Jaintia Hills District today held a special programme, 'Jan Bhagidari' at Khliehriat West Community Hall. As part of the G20-2023, the program was attended by children from 20 schools in the district.
“We urge the CM and his Cabinet to speak and explain the facts rather than hide the shortcomings so that the people can prepare if necessary,” said the statement.
“We have given him until the 23rd to investigate the corruption case and if he doesn't do anything it shows that it is a political move by the BJP and not that it really wants to investigate the corruption case,” he said.
This initiative provides advice on foods that are suitable for people according to where they live and these information will be provided in an easy manner, through a Whatsapp ChatBot.
They have forced the people to use the digital payment, when the banks are in short supply, the internet is too bad for the good and the network will not be discussed with these practices. The people of Ri Khasi Jaintia (especially the elderly or those senior citizens) are in sorrow, because in poverty, they have to leave their villages to withdraw money, like depositing money in the bank.
For the first time, Iran launched an attack on Israel last night and Iran's action raises a serious threat of war in the coming days.
WJDBA President James Pohsngap in his speech said that the winners of the Men's Double Open category will represent the State in the North East Zone Inter State Badminton Championship 2022 to be held in Tripura. The badminton players of the district will represent the district in the State Championship to be held in Tura.
Thus, just as trees provide shelter and home for birds, without trees they are dry and quiet, birds fly around all day but at sunset they return to their homes. they skum in the tree.
He recalled that there was a time when David Scott had asked Syiem Tirot Singh for permission to build a road through the Hima Nongkhlaw, but at that time Syiem Tirot had convened an emergency meeting and at that meeting They discussed for two days and two nights and finally the people decided not to allow the British Government to build a road from the Hima Nongkhlaw.
On this day, the celebration of Shad Lakhempong has been a little different from the past.
Sah then changed the night.
Shillong: There have been 29 new cases of coronavirus in the state today and 24 cases in East Khasi Hills.
On the other hand, the MLA of Khliehriat constituency, who is also the Minister of State, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, said that the implementation of the GPS Attendance Apps is going smoothly. There were no complaints from the teachers.
The NCP leader said that the BJP leaders themselves have made it clear that if the BJP comes back to power, it will implement the CAB by force in the states. North East as a whole.
Ira replied by showing a picture of Mishaal Kirpalani.
It will generate revenue of T.60-70 lakh from the previous year,” said Conrad.
The Yaba drugs were seized by the BSF and the three drug traffickers were handed over to the Ranikor Police Station for further investigation.
On the contrary, he is hopeful that there will be no delays because there will be spectators.
The lockdown has affected especially the traders and school children who have already been affected by the bands, curfews, which have resulted from the CAB/CAA protest. incident in Ichamati and murder in Iewduh.
“Meghalaya has celebrated the 50th anniversary of Mawmer and the HSPDP party honors these ancestors, because they are the leaders who brought about the rule in the state to bring in the post of Chief Minister, but It is unfortunate that the people of the state want to forget the HSPDP, if the nation forgets the past or the heritage of our ancestors, the nation will fall like a ship without a sailor. “Who will stand for the full state,” said Bah Pangniang.
Police said the incident happened on October 26 at about 6:30 pm in Ningthoukhong Mamang Lamyai Taothabi area near Loktak Lake in Bishnupur district of Manipur.
Furthermore, the Minister said that it is also necessary to curb the use of social media and enforce the rules against those who exceed the limit.
What is their purpose by saying 370, 370 to warn the people of India that if we get 370, they will change the Constitution of the country? The word “secularism” is removed from the Constitution of India.
The old MDC constituency has many villages that are in trouble because some of them are in the MLA constituency and some are in the MDC constituency.
“To bring about economic development and to continue to improve the development works of various villages in Ri Bhoi, it is necessary that the government should meet these needs of the people in Ri Bhoi,” said Samla Albert Maring. While the people are close to the government offices, more can be done for the development of the people and the welfare of the people,” he added.
Training and explanation was given on EVM machines and Vote from Home.
The question arises here, right? The State Government has not been able to employ all the youth who have completed higher education.
Besides the richness of Ri Khasi through the presence of mineral resources, or the beauty of nature and the presence of hills, rivers and valleys or dew lynnong, but the Matti has been preserved by our ancestors. They have helped to preserve this wealth of the Khasi people through the works of the ancients.
Therefore, in order to implement the ILP throughout Meghalaya, the approval of the President of India is required.
