Those who wish to receive boxing training starting from the 10th of this month can register.
When inquired, they said that they came from Rajasthan to sell the Magic Book and when inquired, they said that they are the people who travel around the country to sell the book. and they said they had traveled all over Northeast India and in some cases stayed overnight for months.
Shillong: Regarding the spread of Covid-19 in the state and in different districts of the state, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has decided to continue to prevent the spread of Covid-19 in the state. The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah T Lyngwa has issued an order that the curfew will continue throughout the state from 15th June 2021 at 5 pm. tomorrow and will end on January 17, 2021 at 5 p.m.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the Government is still working according to the rules and once all the requirements have been met, the Government will grant the leave. The Government will not be able to stop the DGP's request for leave as he has the right to take leave as a Government servant and the State Government also has approved to grant leave to the DGP of the state.
She assured that the state government will also try to ensure the welfare of journalists to get the facilities such as medical expenses, housing and others.
In her speech, Kong Sohtun Director also stressed on the need to focus on the market and the ability to produce good products among the smallholder Slasha farmers of Meghalaya for the benefit of the State.
Fortunately, the JD (U) party in Bihar also supports and opposes the bill otherwise the BJP government will not count the North East at all as there are only one or two MPs from each state.
Nongpoh: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) North Khasi Hills District, on Tuesday expressed its special gratitude to the District Authorities of Ri Bhoi District, including the Police and the health personnel, for the efforts of to take action, in order to monitor and control the entry of foreigners, which is also one of the measures to curb the spread of COVID-1
The closing date for submission of nominations will be on 4th January by 6 pm.
The PIB Fact Check Unit has banned more than 100 YouTube channels. The PIB Fact Check Unit has banned more than 100 YouTube channels. The Ministry of Information and Broadcasting has been working for 10 years.
The funeral service will be held on 01/07/2023 at 1:00 pm at the Lamin Presbyterian Church.
However, over the years, it has been seen that one after another they have failed and have become a burden to the government because it has to pay for them.
It is useful for them to arrive after 10 hours because after 10 hours the fire has turned into a fire like what happened at KJP HS. to find out the truth why they arrived late and when they arrived at the place they were.
Police are conducting a search and rescue operation against these illegal groups who have started smuggling in the border areas of West Khasi Hills District.
This company has never advertised in this state.
Therefore man cannot be far from God.
Many Congress members who did not want to reveal themselves due to the recent loss of members said that for now their names will remain with the party while their support and votes will go to Bah Pynthymmai. The unit leaders also anonymously said that they will not campaign for the Congress candidate but will campaign for the independent candidate.
Speaking on the occasion, a lecturer at NEHU, Dr Kamaljit Chirom, said that the Indian government has recognized the filmmakers as a factory along with the rules to be followed.
He said that the authorities have admitted that they do not fall under the Labor Act or the Establishment Act or any other law and the union wants the authorities to issue a written statement that they do not fall under the Labor Act. the law and they should have it in writing so that they can do what is necessary.
MDC Mawkhar Pynthorumkhrah Constituency Bah PN Syiem said that the KAADC has nothing to ban and the council cannot.
The validity of the Registration Certificate is one year, starting from 1st July of each year.
On this occasion, the Minister promised that the government will work with the college for the further development and assistance of the college when it faces any problems.
The Catholic Church in Jalandhar strongly supports the Bishop and strongly opposes the allegation.
It is even more sad that even in the religious and church activities there are many corrupt practices.
It is also on this basis that the singers compose and compose songs to praise it.
However, the question is to every resident of this state.
Out of these 4000 candidates, 200 candidates have been selected for further training which will be conducted by the Edge 10 team.
Shillong, Nailur 18: Not only is there a risk of infection in pork, but even beef can be harmful to those who eat meat, if it is cut without testing. doctors, said the former President of the Association, Bah H Warjri.
Latiplang has also lodged a complaint in the High Court of Meghalaya against the Governor's Office, the District Council Affairs (DCA) department of the state, for the delay in issuing approval.
Since then, it has been seen that the garbage has accumulated inside the market, roads, roads and roads since the month of June and the people have suffered and even the shops near the garbage cannot tolerate the garbage and have closed. don't shipor to the shop.
Nongstoin, July 29: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Langpih Area Unit together with the KSU West Khasi Hills District and Mawshynrut on Tuesday held a public meeting at Langpih Market to express the strongly opposed to the Assam government's plan to set up a military base in Mawlan.
They were selected according to their performance and especially after thorough research and they are popular with the people.
Until the end of the match, Oste Phi Oiñ-B couldn't turn the tide and lost to Shillong Lajong.
The total number of cases has risen to 20,27,075, while 6,07,384 are undergoing treatment, 13,78,106 have recovered and 41,585 have died. said the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
What is needed is: there must be responsibility and self-understanding not to 'destroy' or 'destroy' it and its creatures.
It is also sad to hear the statement of these farmers, because according to their statement, as of this year, many of the Sying and Synsar farms in the area have been destroyed. There are farmers who can produce up to 2 tonnes of Synsar and many Sying every year, but this year all these crops have been destroyed.
When asked whether he knows about those people who smuggled the cows, u Bah Generous Warlarpih said that there is no doubt about that because the meat traders association has sufficient evidence.
It is learned that after a long disappearance, which started last Saturday, Bah Moris, walked through the forest and reached Amlarem.
The SP said that security forces have been increased this time, especially after reports that some foreign insurgents have entered India.
However, he said that despite the urgent demands of the community, in these days, there have been many clashes between the authorities, the District Council and the state government, the Rangbah Shnongs and the government. He said that it is necessary to wake up and collect all these things.
Amit Rohidas scored 10 goals in the 28th minute and Dilpreet Singh in the 59th minute.
Peitngor in the field of trade, education, employment or agriculture.
Khliehriat, November 01: The Super Division Football Tournament 2023 started today at Deinchynrum Stadium, EJHD organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA).
“What we understand about this announcement in Clause-D is because it states that from the beginning of the recruitment process, we must implement the Reservation Roster.
“In this project, the Government will not inform the public about various policies but the Government will help to allocate funds to pay the bills or any other problems faced by the people.
During the search, the BSF recovered five country made 12 bore rifles, three cartridges, three EFCs and a mobile phone.
“We have already sent a petition on this issue which is similar to the demands of various groups including the Sengbhalang.
When asked whether the Congress will come back to power in the upcoming elections, Pala said it is too early to say whether the party has not announced its candidates. .
According to the history of Esther, we see that God was the protector of the Jewish people because they trusted in him, even though they were in a foreign land.
It is no longer limited to one village or one area, but the incidents continue from place to place and the farther away from the city, the more complaints of the people.
The petition also demanded that the government should punish those rebel groups who have agreements with these ethnic groups, including N Biren Singh.
“This will promote agriculture and will also make the area a tourist attraction for the benefit of the residents of the area,” he said.
By the end of 66 games from all four groups, the team had scored 297 goals since it started on 12th June.
About 160 cows, 240 pigs and 240 goats can be slaughtered at the slaughterhouse per day and this will be done according to modern equipment.
Khliehriat, March 17: The 1st Division Football Tournament of the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) was held on Tuesday at Deinchynrum Stadium, Khliehriat.
It is prohibited to hold public meetings, or to publish any matter relating to this election which may affect him or her in the newspapers or television.
They include 5 soldiers, 6 health workers, 8 high risk contacts, one IGP, one ILI, one from Jaiaw, one from Jail Road, 3 from Laban, Laitumkhrah, 2 cases from Madanrtying, 4 cases from Mawlai Nonglum, 2 cases from Mawlai Nongmali, 1 case from Phudmawri, 1 case from Mawpat, 3 cases from Nongmynsong, 6 cases from Nongthymmai, 5 cases from Rynjah.
At the same time, he encouraged them to work better because even in a short period of time they have been able to do many things which are useful and successful in what they do and he hopes and I hope that they will continue to work hard to bring about prosperity and peace which are the ways to improve income and eradicate poverty and at the same time to become an example to others that many things can be done through work and cooperation.
On the other hand, the VPP leaders led by Mawlai MLA Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang started marching violently. VPP said to the police, “Don't touch him, he is an MLA” but the police and Magistrates refused to allow him to leave the area.
I don't know what to do, I don't want to see Mynried's son, I'm going to start, I'm going to sleep.
This second heaven is a vacuum which is a dark sky.
Always fight with courage and use your knowledge.
Wholesalers estimated that it weighed 49 or 50 kilos but found that it weighed only 42, 40, 39, 38, 37 and 36 kilos per bag.
This house, which has been built by the KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit in collaboration with the KSU, has been built by the KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit. Pahamsyiem Unit to a family of Kong Silima Lymphuid who has 4 children, 2 daughters and 2 sons.
Shillong, June 30: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) led by Titos W Chyne has been appointed as the Chief Executive Member (CEM) along with the Executive Members including Martle Mukhim, Grace Mary Kharpuri and Teiborlang. Pathaw, Mitchell Wankhar and Rangkynsai Kharbuki together with officers demanded that the Tripura Tribal Areas Autonomous District Council (TTAADC) should ensure that the Khasi-Pnars living in the state will not be discriminated against. mushlia in terms of their rights whether in customs, land and others.
On the other hand, Bah Ronie V Lyngdoh, Spokesperson of the Opposition in KHADC, expressed his regret over the unfair behavior of the current EC regarding the proposal to amend the KHADC. Sixth Schedule, in relation to the provisions for the appointment of ethnic groups which do not yet have leaders.
The most commonly eaten insects are the kaser, niangkseh, thapbalieh, niangryndia and others and the ngap is the most expensive insect.
Police said that on receipt of information from GNLA members, it was reported that the GNLA has started gathering people again to save itself and has held meetings across Garo Hills. to recruit young people.
Those who attended the meeting included George B Lyngdoh, Umroi MLA, Balajied Rani, Nongpoh MDC, Charles Marngar, Mawhati MDC and others.
The Minister said that in order to increase the salaries of teachers, they will have to count on many projects that the state government plans to do.
He said that the party will also monitor the use of plastic and bottles especially injection powder which has ruined their lives.
It was two days after the Jammu and Kashmir High Court heard the case.
It is a fierce struggle of body, soul and mind.
This has put in trouble not only the GHADC but also the state government as it has been asking for financial assistance from the state government to clear this salary.
Don't get it.
“If the Government of India is delayed in taking action, it shows that the Government of India does not have the will to look after the welfare of the people of the North East and the people of the North East. who are the inhabitants of Manipur.
These are the new programs that the government will give injections to children.
Traffic has been completely closed, as commercial vehicles, including trains, aircraft and others are no longer operating in different parts of the country, except those carrying essential goods, he said. message.
The body of the deceased was handed over to the relatives after the post mortem.
According to a statement issued by the MFA on Friday, the Chandmari Stadium in Tura is actually the venue for Group-D and witnessed a large influx of spectators.
On Friday, the Jirang Chief Minister said that the report of his test will be released in two days and it will reveal that he is the MLA of Jirang, but at the time of writing of this news. , it is learned that the Jirang MLA has not yet received the report.
She said that many people have learned about HIV, AIDS and how it is transmitted, but sadly there is a lack of discrimination against patients. residents of the village.
Since 2017 he has been a member of the Vatican Congregation for the Divine Worship and Discipline of Sacrament.
The Block Development Officers, after verification, shall issue passes or permits to the farmers identified through the Rangbah Shnongs/CCMTs, so that they can visit and take care of their crops only at their own farms. hills and fields to work from 5 pm to 3 pm.
In another incident, the DMR and Transport Department have lodged a complaint that on the 12th of this month at about 3 pm, the employees of the DMR & Transport Department have seized two trucks. ML-05T-2506 and NL-01-AC-6254 were arrested at the Umling Narang Integrated Check Gate, Ri Bhoi District.
The department has also warned private TV channels not to broadcast programs in which socially inappropriate, inflammatory or offensive language may affect viewers and cause to stir up trouble among the peoples and disrupt the peace and order.
UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy, NPP President Conrad K Sangma, PDF President Ivanlumlang Marbaniang, HSPDP President KP Pangniang, all the Ministers of the Government, MDCs including Dr. CEMs of KHADC and JHADC met together.
According to the source, five people in the bolero were on their way to Mawiaban when the deceased were identified as Andy Iawphniaw, 26, and Micky. Sohlang is 30 years old.
Mulait United FC reached the final after beating Lamyrsiang SCC 1-0 in the qualifier at Lamyrsiang Stadium on Saturday.
He alleged that they have not seen these inspectors yet to visit the villages in the constituency and said that perhaps they are only asking on the phone.
SMU's online courses are recognized by the UGC and are equivalent to the training that students receive while studying at the institutions.
The song was sung by Augustine Maring and Avinash Maring with the participation of Phondar Syiem, Lucyvia Wahlang and Iosis Maring.
And why does it happen? The reason for all this is that people have not forgotten God and have made the wealth of this world their god.
“While the state is waiting for the announcement to resolve the border issue with Assam, the Congress congratulates the government for taking action. to inspect the areas under our state".
In a statement, the Meghalaya Athletics Association (MAA) congratulated the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WSA) for its participation in this tournament.
At the same time, the CLF held its Annual General Meeting (AGM) at Namdong-B Community Hall in the presence of Rolin Shadap, District Mission Manager, Jowai and Donbok Nongpoh Block Project Manager. Waheh Shnong of Thadmukoh Hoping Phawa and Waheh Shnong of Lumrot Nobelki Ryngkhlem in the presence of members of SHGs from different villages.
The Acting Police Commissioner of the area, Rich Worley, on Tuesday evening said that police had received several tips about the incident at about 12:30 pm. God at a charity rally on the streets of Brooklyn, Maryland.
NOTA was introduced in the elections following the order of the Supreme Court of India.
But only those who are pure in heart will see God in that place where he is.
In another match, Ri-Nhoi District beat West Jaintia by 8 goals, Imaia Shylla scored four goals followed by Diamon Makhroh. Susiemery Lyngdoh Peinlang and Rimika Khongkai scored 10 goals each.
He said that before he took over as Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima, there were about 7 sordars in Krang and the appearance of sordars has been going on for a long time.
And the most recent discovery that has been made, is the discovery of the micro-chip.
Nurul's dismissal was on the grounds that a case had been filed against him.
The event was organized by the Manipuri Elders' Consortium Shillong.
This happened this afternoon at about 4 pm.
In a statement sent by Reachingson Kongwang, the Darrang Tourism Promotion and Development Society said that Darrang has reopened the tourist attraction and everyone is allowed to visit Darrang.
There was also a discussion on the release of coal and the Supreme Court has directed the state government to submit the report of the technical committee on the issue.
This is Malki's first game in the tournament this year and it is also their first three-point victory.
Students of Martin Luther University also came to take part in this event, where they performed their traditional songs in their own language and ethnic group including the Khasi, Jaintia, Garo, Mizo, Naga and others.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29 : Two NPP MLAs, Benedic R Marak from Raksamgre Constituency and Ferlin CA Sangma from Selsella Constituency, who have resigned from the BJP, have resigned from the BJP. The NPP has announced that it will contest the MLA election 2023 and there will be one more candidate who will leave the party. and a journalist.
Ma Lahkmen said at this meeting it was decided to set up a fully functional Corona Care Center to make it easier for the health department to treat patients and to avoid sending patients to hospitals in Shillong.
Speaking as the chief guest, MDC Mawkyrwat Constituency Carness Sohshang expressed his gratitude to the SWKHDR-C&MA for organizing such a first aid. cum-Guide Course 2022' which is part of the opportunity to benefit not only the association but also for the youth of the area who have the talent and ability to become leaders to promote tourism in This is the South West Khasi Hills District.
Police have drove the crowd outside the grounds of the dewbilat factory after they threatened to attack the workplace and vehicles parked in the area, he said.
The KSU has directed the Jaidbynriew leaders of various Dkhars to arrest their people, otherwise the KSU will not hesitate to take the same measures as the KSU leaders took at that time such as if the Anti-Foreigners' Movement.
The PDF will have to work hard to organize and strengthen itself if it wants to win more otherwise it may decline from what it has achieved before.
The Milk Mission is to encourage farmers to raise dairy cows in the state and for this purpose, it has set up its own department with only one director and has allocated T.12 lakh per annum. to be the salary of the director.
They urged the residents of Amalrem area not to worry and not to lose hope that Stephan Mukhim will contest and win again as MLA of War Jaintia.
He said that this morning when the police arrived at Antekagre village, he tried to get up from the hiding place but they hid him in the sanium.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: U MLA of Sohiong, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, at the inauguration ceremony of the Multi Facility Centre, Shillong, on Tuesday said that he has done many things for the Sohiong area. He mentioned the roads and paths that have been completed in many parts of Sohiong and other development works that he has done for the area during his 25 years as leader.
During the visit, the DG praised the work done by the NCC Directorate North Eastern Region for its achievement in the RDC 2021 to reach the 4th position in India for the first time. the first one.
Satan Lucifer cannot be God himself but he pretends to be God and acts like an angel of light to deceive people on earth.
“The job of calling in Motphran, in the market is different from the job as a public leader,” said Bah Paul.
Many of the provisions of the Act have been clarified through the decisions of the Hon'ble Supreme Court as well as the Hon'ble Meghalaya High Court which have ordered to include Through the Government authorities, the Government employees try to circumvent those rules by refusing to comply with them.
“In the Garo language, they say Cha.
Read the books of PRT Gurdon, Kantlie and others.
This will improve the quality of health care that is not available in our State.
MIRIHANA (SRI LANKA): Police have fired tear gas and water cannon at protesters who marched to the residence of the President of Sri Lanka, demanding that he step down. Not mardor, because you are not in this country, you are in great trouble.
Then the devil left him.
Shillong: The BJP has set a target of winning 400 out of 543 seats in the Lok Sabha elections in
The stadium was constructed at a cost of Rs 9.25 cr, which includes the improvement of the ground and the gallery.
This was after his criticism of the Prophet Muhammad.
In Khasi Jaintia Hills, the struggle is unexplained.
On the other hand, the Village Authorities, after receiving an explanation from Bah Ardent, expressed their full support for this Revolution, one of the objectives of which is to recognize and empower them by law.
The FRCR examination is recognized as one of the three internationally recognized examinations by radiologists working in the United Kingdom.
Also present on the occasion was the Director of Urban Affairs, DB Dutta, CEO of Shillong Municipal Board, Bah E Kharmalki.
Speaking to reporters, Lyngwa said that Storgy had smuggled into Meghalaya from Bangladesh after being arrested by the police.
It was found that the farmers need the tools to harvest this crop and also to train them to cook many kinds of food to become a source of employment.
Therefore, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Government of Meghalaya urges and requests all parents that the Measles & Rubella vaccine is safe and we wish only the best and health. all the children in the state of Meghalaya.
In the 37th minute, Ridingstar Kharkongor scored the first goal of the match for Umphyrnai. of 1-1 col.
New Delhi, November 09: The Rajya Sabha today passed the Uniform Civil Code Bill to repeal the Religious Laws relating to marriage. and others.
Of course, this is an urgent task but the government does not want to rush to the wrong place in the selection of the site.
Many people took part in the meeting, regardless of ethnicity, religion and the meeting was very pleasant, said Ratanlal Sethia, from Paltan Bazar. .
Omar Ayub Khan, who contested against Sharif from the Pakistan Tehreek-e-In Parliament, won 201 votes in the 336-member Parliament. Insaf (PTI), led by Imran Khan, received only 92 votes.
Only if the youth have the spirit to work and know all kinds of jobs can we improve the youth in employment or it is also a way to stop foreigners who want to to enter the state if as young people you know all kinds of jobs.
Speaking on the occasion, David Kharsati said that as a member of the National Council of the BJP, he knows that the people of the area are very eager to resolve the border issue.
Charlotte Von Schedvin, at the age of 19, met the painter PK Mahanandia in Delhi in 1975 and Schedvin came from Sweden to India, to find Mahanandia, who was known to be a famous painter.
The competition was held for both men and women aged 18 years and above and was attended by members of the Assam Rifles, 101 Area, Eastern Air Command, CRPF, CISF, SSB as well as I'm from the Meghalaya Police Department.
In Bihar and other states in India, this shaba is widely used in the sohryndia field to fertilize the soil.
Nongpoh: Six months after the Jirang MLA, today awarded the prizes to 50 students from Jirang constituency, who have achieved the First Division in the Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC), 150 youths from Byrnihat area were honored and awarded at the CTI Auditorium Hall, Umpher.
These robbers attacked these lanot.
Among those who have received daily meals, from Class I to Class VIII, there are 209 students who have been provided with daily meals by the school.
The source said they were arrested after they failed to produce proper documents to prove their entry into India through proper channels.
The next day he came back to the place and as soon as he reached the thwei, the woman had already waited for him with her mother and brothers. CHYNRUIN) which cannot appear to the world, appears only as a syrngiew, then she called him and said, "Let me lead you to that place where there are many fish. The road went to the right and to the left and it was a road where there was no water in the middle. If you are my husband, she said, 'Take this one “Maw lyngkniap" which is so strong that it can shut the sword. Once you have shot the sword, you have shot the sword, and you have seen anything, and it has cut off without hesitation. He obeyed and took the stone and the sword. He said to him, 'Go and tell your family about my relationship with you. I will come out of your house. and he went and told the household all that had happened.
In order to continue to support the services of the Hospital which is approaching its 100th anniversary, TRUST has released T.40.5 lakh including the purchase of The ambulance cost T.13.5 lakh.
On the day I was buying the flag of the country to fly in my house, the seller picked it up and gave it to us.
The Minister also cited the example of a case in Maharashtra in 2014 where the Supreme Court struck down the Ordinance implemented by the State Government. 50% of the share to one ethnic group.
The KSU under the leadership of Samla Richard Mawkhiew General Secretary of the Seng, has marched to the Power Grid office at Nongrah, Shillong to demand and force the company to pay the salaries of the employees immediately. This is the day of the Shnong.
Finally, we would like to congratulate all the teachers who will pass this interview, may those who are very skilled and successful get the job so that the education system will improve rapidly in the state. our.
In the incident, the A Star, owned by Bah Kyrshan War, (ML 05 H 7262) was damaged.
Sometimes there is a shooting incident which leads to injury or even death.
Felisha Fancon scored the first goal in the 24th minute of the first half and Sanki Salem scored the second goal in the 40th minute.
However, we have to inform the new DGP before they start pointing fingers and accusing.
The Election Commission may also call for elections in this constituency as soon as possible, so the work should be done as soon as possible.
Protests in Hong Kong have been going on for months and today, Chinese troops warned protesters that they need only 50 minutes to enter Hong Kong, because they are now on the outskirts of the city, according to the Daily Mail.
You can also visit our website www.byfl.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, James Sangma, today said that he has received a letter from the Punjab government through the Chief Minister of Punjab. , in which the Punjab government has expressed its concern over these incidents.
In conjunction with the tournament, the national team will play five T20Is.
The work was commissioned by Dhar Construction Company on 9th November, 2022 and the target is to complete the road within 12 months.
Therefore, we will wait for the decision they take and then we will decide how to play chess.
“Everyone has agreed to contest the joint candidate in the MP election but the issue that remains to be discussed is the candidate, who will contest,” said Dr Donkupar.
She said that even government officials and coaches hold posts in many sports associations such as Archery, Athletics, Boxing, Badminton, Shooting, Table Tennis, Football, Karate and Wushu, which is against the duties of the government.
The 20 gold biscuits weighing 3.20 kilos are estimated to be worth Rs 3 crore.
All the children of the state are invited to participate and those who live far away from other districts will be provided with TA/DA transportation and all those who come will be provided with food.
“In 2022, we seized more than 7 kilos of heroin and in 2023, we seized 16.7 kilos and 1 kilo of heroin which has the power to kill 200 people. on drugs," he added.
The Assam Rifles said five soldiers were killed, including Col Viplav Tripathi, his son and his wife.
The lawyer of the area, Ma Kerlang Ksoo, said that the Supreme Court's decision on 3rd November this year has lifted the ban on coal mining in Meghalaya but with the conditions. who are strong.
When they met with the Secretary of the Executive Committee, she said that the EC has decided to appoint PK Deb because there are no people who are qualified. They are from the Khasi Jaintia community.
“From time to time, we have seen that the State Government has challenged the independent functioning of the Councils and it is time to legally enforce the independence of the Khadar administration,” he added. he announced.
In Ri Bhoi District, there is one returnee.
The shops allowed to open are only ration shops, grocery shops, meat shops and soh shops as well as other shops selling essential items.
Therefore, this responsibility in the household must be followed by the male brothers when the mothers of the household are released.
There is a lack of use of school buses, but in the North East, the shared bus of our government for urban commuters is one of the first.
“It is not easy for the people in this regard because this issue is related to legal matters,” he said.
In Meghalaya, the operating companies include Aircel, Airtel, BSNL, Idea, Reliance and Vodafone.
Two doctors were seriously injured in the death of a patient at NRS Medical College and Hospital.
It is for this reason that most of the candidates when they win have to think of ways and means to collect and raise to produce what has been spent and how to collect to prepare for the next five years. .
The beauty and splendor of this place has indeed become a natural resource, which if we know how to use it, will bring great income and wealth to the entire country.
Shillong: There have been 58 new cases of coronavirus in the state, and so far the number of cases in the state has risen to 2,047 people.
The ICC has now announced that it will soon announce the schedule of the tournament. World Cup.
At present, these four villages have to draw electricity from the Mawdiang line which is far away and have to walk to Noval Dibra, South Garo Hills District to pay electricity bills or to get electricity related services. electric.
He added that the party does not want any confusion over the roster system and the government should take responsibility to improve it. The VPP MLA from Nongkrem has been ready to come forward to give its full support to the VPP MLA from Nongkrem.
He said that there are about 80 colleges in the state and out of these less than 20 have been recognized by the NAAC and he expressed his satisfaction that Nongtalang College is one of the colleges recognized by the NAAC. He said that parents have given you the opportunity not for themselves but for the future of their children, so be children and youth who have a spirit of hard work, persevere, learn and devote yourself to any kind of education.
He said that the government is ready to discuss the bill with all those who have concerns or strong opposition because the job of employment is already in the state and it is also accepted and approved by the government. you live your life.
After this defeat, Meghalaya will now prepare for their next match against Gujarat on the 14th of this month, while Arunachal Pradesh will play against Odisha on the same day.
However, on 22.10.2019, Bah Teinwell Dkhar, CEM candidate from UDA, went to withdraw his nomination paper but it arrived late, that is, it should have arrived before 11.00 AM. However, the election which should have been uncontested has gone ahead and all the MDCs who have arrived have cast their votes for Bah Latiplang Khakongor, MDC Nongthymmai Constituency and I got 15 votes because everyone could cast their votes.
However, what is essential to achieve this goal is that after planting the tree seedlings, they should be monitored by regular care so that these trees can grow.
As soon as this news spread, there were comments in the newspapers, social media and other media outlets on how the cultivation of this tree can affect the forests, plants and wildlife. There are native species or endemic species in these areas that cannot be found elsewhere.
Among the other two professional guest players who have been selected this season are Ravi Teja, who played in Ranji for Hyderabad and was captain until he joined the team. Andhra Pradesh.
A case has been lodged at Phulbari police station and their background and relationships have been monitored.
These teams will assist the states in their fight against the coronavirus, according to a statement from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
The court observed that there is a political struggle in this matter which will lead to problems and obstacles to the acquisition of land.
He said that this action of Bah Nongsiej has left the party in shock and has led to the absence of leadership despite the party having won a new MLA in the mid-term elections. .
This discourages the children from taking over the farming from their parents.
Regarding the drugs handed over by the HNYF leaders, the Nongpoh Police Station has lodged a complaint against those involved in the illegal sale of drugs. They also asked them to register a case under the Meghalaya Excise Act and the drugs will be handed over to the Excise Department, which is the government department in charge of illegal drugs.
“If the Government had looked after them, we who drive commercial vehicles would have been able to carry foreign tourists and Shillong would have been clean,” he said.
The fighting this time is the most intense since the 2014 fighting.
Replying to a question by Nongpoh MLA Mayralborn Syiem in the House, Conrad said that social media has opened up the door to the people but there are those who mislead them.
He said that at present there are about 1,28,416 postal life insurance policies.
In a statement, Marbud Dkhar Chief Organizer urged all the units of FKJGP especially in the border areas like Laitlyngkot, Pynursla, Mawsynram, Mawkyrwat, Shella and others to take action.
Mawkyrwat, March 26: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) today expressed its appreciation to the hard work of Dr. Wanbudmi Sutnga, Medical Superintendent in charge of the Civil Hospital. Mawkyrwat, South West Khasi Hills District has been honored with a momentous ceremony.
Suffering is like a chronic illness that can lead to death.
He also spoke about Atal Ji's Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, the establishment of the Tribal Affairs Department and the start of nuclear projects under his leadership.
A meeting to assess the situation has already been held, she said.
The Congress leader was speaking at a public meeting held at Kalapipal Assembly constituency in Shajapur district of Madhya Pradesh.
Khliehriat, Naitung 24: The Jaintia Students Movement (JSU) today sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District demanding that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma to make Jowai the Spring Capital.
He hoped that the government through the PHE department has succeeded today in supplying the water from the Umngot River which has been standing for 19 years. for the benefit of the people of Jaintia Hills.
I have had to explain to the people that there are District Councils in Tripura, Mizoram and Manipur, in Assam and Tripura there are also Panchayats all over the country, besides the District Councils.
There are 249 students from nursery to class Vii at Jaiaw Pdeng, Shillong.
The markets allowed to open include Khliehriat East & West, Ladrymbai, Umpleng, Chiehruphi, Lumshnong, Sohkymphor, Sookilo, Saipung, Semasi, Jalaphet, Rymbai, Wapung, Sutnga, Bataw and Umkiang markets. the Village Dorbar and the Market Committee.
Gokhale recalled a time when they had eaten together at one of the famous restaurants in Delhi in 2019 and discussed many things. it has even forgotten the work of the present government you are leading”.
At the time of writing, police are conducting investigation to track down the perpetrators.
December 30, 2020 The season of harvest has come again.
Black Memba and Shillong Labet received a cash prize of T.15,000 and a trophy, while Mawlai Nongpdeng 'B' and Seng Samla Mawlai Phudmuri received a cash prize of T.15,000 and a trophy. The second place winners received a cash prize of T.10,000 and a trophy.
Prestone Tynsong also urged the youths who have stayed in the states outside the North East to be patient and to stay in their places until the end of June.
Dadashev's right leg was reportedly ruptured and collided with the brain, causing a blood clot.
“This handover of 56 sub-stations to BECIL from Noida will create jobs for the youth of the state who have been trained in many fields to implement this work especially in this era. “I don't have a job now,” said Bah Pangniang.
Police of Umkiang PP and Lumshnong Police Station also took action and were present at the scene.
“Therefore, we will listen to their request and their suggestions in the next meeting and we will take a decision based on the outcome of the meeting," Dhar added.
The Kenyan athlete has completed 29 years of victory by adding two Olympic medals in the 1,500m and a victory in the 1,500m. 2017 and 2022, the Commonwealth Games with a gold medal from the overall tournament in 2014 and three Diamond League awards.
He added that as of now, the investigation may take a long time to conduct all these cases and this case may disappear. The political parties in the MDA government should talk to the Prime Minister to reverse this decision. the whole state".
She said that it should be remembered that the number of polygamous men in India is low and is slowly disappearing.
They all lived and worked together, all these three years, in the same house.
Shillong: After the government plans to introduce new buses for schools and passengers to reduce traffic jam in Shillong, Rupang has tried to find out about the buses. The Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) project has been implemented by the government in the past few years.
Until the end of the match, Mawkriah could not score a single goal and suffered their second defeat in the tournament.
“It is because of Bah Shangpliang, who has increased the price of agricultural products such as tyrpat, synsar and wild sohmrit in our area,” said Bah Dany Snaitang.
“We are surprised that the government has set up this committee 23 years after the National Commission for Minorities Act, 1992 came into force on 17th July, " said the Fulla Bench of the High Court.
It was also said that in order to get the money for these advertisements, it takes many years and that too you have to go to these various government departments.
However, even after Lawsohtun took the lead by two goals in the 65th and 67th minutes, Umphyrnai scored another goal through Damanglang Kharbangar in the 77th minute.
The arrest of the street vendors who block the road has now been completed.
“According to the thinking of the BJP leaders, due to the involvement of MLAs and the presence of sufficient candidates, we expect to win up to 20 seats in this election,” he said.
The KHADC has suspended Paiem Nangteising after the people of the Hima complained against him and has appointed Paiem Baldwister as Acting Syiem from 21st November
Lyngdoh and Bisht both played well and managed to score 212 runs for the third wicket.
The intelligence teams have received information that the militants have come to the firing ranges from their camps and are waiting at the border areas to enter India safely," the source said.
Some experts have predicted that World War III will result from the conflict over water supply between different countries.
Meanwhile, Uttarakhand Health Minister Surinder Singh Negi has not yet confirmed the claim of Uttarkhand Speaker Govind Singh Kunjwal that the death toll could reach 10,000,0 He said the death toll could drop to 10,000 thousand as the Speaker said and until now it has not been possible to explain the exact figure in the incident which has severely affected the country. state as a whole.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Kharkrang said that these people have not returned yet and the police have not tracked them down although their relatives have already paid the ransom of T. 15 lakh to the kidnappers.
The rally started from MCH Children Hospital in Nongstoiñ and ended at a rally in front of Nongstoiñ Market with placards with slogans, as well as slogans to condemn the State Government for the violence. Speaking at the meeting, Mira June, President of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union, said, “The peace rally is part of the protest. The ASHAs have received a complaint from the government, which has not been satisfactory but what the ASHAs have received is very shocking and sad to them.
West Garo Hills has 2 cases and Ribhoi has 1 case.
“We don't know why they ask only for the names of government employees, why the government is indifferent on this issue,” said Bah SD Khongwir, Chairman of Mawlai Town Dorbar.
Pariat said that in other states, voters ask whether those businessmen who enter politics have the intention to serve the people or to improve the wealth of the people. In Meghalaya, many of the traders themselves are focusing on their own business rather than serving the people and that is why the state is facing problems such as they are not like this now.
NYKS and Group & Pound MMA Gym, Meghalaya have decided to conduct this training program for young women after seeing the increase in violence against women.
“This last election there was a lot of confusion among the supporters and the percentage of voters in Khasi Hill was very low. They themselves cannot even vote,” she added.
Sohiong: Mawtap Sohiong Village Council has vowed to continue to block the stone in the middle of the road in the village, despite the fact that it has been closed for months. in Sohiong, it has been four days since the 1st of this month and it is still going on.
He also inaugurated the Prime Minister's Women's Drone Centre.
Among the four injured, two were employees of the shop while two others were residents of a khap shñiuh shop adjacent to the shop.
The state government has appointed the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) to oversee the implementation of the project.
In the March Pass, the first place went to the Yellow House while the Best House 2023 went to the Blue House. Pass Pupils and prizes were also awarded to the winners of various competitions.
According to Bah Hek, the shortage of doctors in the state has put pressure on the government especially in the health facilities in the rural areas.
In a statement, through the “X” formerly known as Twitter, the Prime Minister Conrad K. Sangma expressed his satisfaction at the launch of these projects related to the treatment of patients. .
If you die, will your children be happy? Don't waste your time, start doing other things.
The main reasons for the introduction of this Rynsan are because of the violence of the Jaidbynriew against its fellow citizens, the discrimination without counting even if it should be killed, the appearance of many auctioneers without any more. to bring in leaders, the establishment of a ruling government over the people, the exposure of corruption, the enslavement in many ways and also the misleading of the people by the people.
Toi ia this, you shouldn't have done it for a long time.
Even my uncle sees it.
Meghalaya didn't allow the opponent to score the third goal through Bira Pyngrope in the 62nd minute.
As a person who loves to preserve the identity of the ethnic groups, he has set a goal to learn more about the ethnic groups of the state. The government will provide 50 lakh tyngka to all District Councils in the state to conduct further research on the identity of the indigenous peoples in the state.
He said that there is a “distrust” of many churches in this system of free elections these days.
This is what we have seen in Sutnga Saipung Constituency since he became MP he has never supported the Congress party in this constituency.
“The Government has prepared detailed explanations on the Roster System and once everyone has seen this explanation, I am sure that all doubts will disappear,” Conrad told reporters.
He urged the people not to be deceived by money or alcoholic beverages which are only temporary but which will destroy them in the next five years.
Speaking at all three meetings, Bah Sawkmie said that these gifts are to participate in their work.
Jowai: The Behdeinkhlam festival of the Sein Raij Tuber, has started on the 21st of this month and will end on the 24th.
In the match played at Umbuda, Nongpoh, the match was reduced to 25 overs.
When he listened carefully, the English pronunciation in his village school was very different from that in the city school.
He said the hope is that through the We Card women will be more empowered, but the surprising thing is that the situation of women in West Bengal is very difficult to see.
each one of you is the temple of the Holy Spirit of God.
Go to public places – The only explanation written on the walls is “Beware of plagiarism”.
In the junior recurve women, Bhagora Bhargavi Vargishkum from Gujarat won the gold medal, Ruma Biswas from West Bengal won the silver medal and Shrishti Jaiswal from Chandigarh won the bronze medal. you got a bronze medal.
KHNAM this evening has once again decided to invite the two parties to talk to restore understanding within the ARPA, as it wants the ARPA to continue and shall continue to hold the powers of administration within the District Council.
The following are the rules of the Dorbar Shnong Caroline Colony: If any of these rules are found to have been violated, the Dorbar Shnong may dissolve the Meeting completely and also refer it to the authorities.
Aug: The capital of the Netherlands has a strategy to allow men to go to the streets and not to go to the streets.
However, the surprising thing is that in this place where the guards were stationed, there was no incident of theft.
The Hamas militant spoke to the parents from the phone of a Jewish woman he had killed in the town of Mefalsim, on the Gaza border, and told her father, “Check on WhatsApp and you will behold, with thine own eyes those whom I have slain," he said to his father.
Shillong: The Diocese of Shillong on Saturday consecrated 11 Fathers by the Archbishop of the Diocese of Jowai, Bishop Victor Lyngdoh.
Skan said the party demands that the government should reopen the DMR office in Kynshi as it has helped to transfer public money to the government from the lack of funds.
Isaiah 14:12–17.
Peter stopped the scooty.
The Shillong Run-10K, 2023 will be held on the 12th July 2023 at 5:00 pm. 30 pm starting from Parking Lot, Polo.
For those who have gone to school, the word 'Lyngngam' is very common.
He said that the HYC's desire to have a Khasi Prime Minister is because many of the aspirations of the jaidbynriew cannot be fulfilled because as Khasi they have the same concerns.
He said that the people of the village, when they learned of the incident, tried to help by calling the village and turning off the electricity, but before they could turn off the electricity, it was found. that this child and this woman have passed away.
“Therefore, you are requested to provide monthly payroll payments for the months of November, 2022 through October, 2023 to the office of your name on or before November 10," DHS ( MI).
It has surprised the market owners that the market has been increasingly visited by the market leaders. The story in Iewduh is now full of market ministers (Kong Roshan, Bah Ronnie), the Minister. On the 2nd, the Governor of Meghalaya, V. Shanmuganathan, in the presence of the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah RV Lyngdoh and Roshan Warjri.
We are still very fortunate in Meghalaya that God has not allowed it to happen like Japan.
Regarding the incident, Rupang spoke to the Sordar of Smit, Bah Kynsai Manik Syiem, who said that the incident happened at 3:30 pm. Tuesday evening, and there was a snowfall which lasted for about 45 minutes, and the thickness was 3 inches to 10 feet.
They were arrested on charges of involvement in rioting.
On the other hand, the party also condemns such leaders who do not turn their attention to the talented youth and do not make any promises during the weeks when they promise to take care of the talents only in that area. At the same time, the party congratulates the people and those leaders who have a real responsibility for the people of the constituency.
Elderly parents no longer have time to discuss at home, about good and evil so that those who are young can understand and follow what is good.
The incident ha Mukroh, West Jaintia Hills has shocked everyone and it is also the biggest incident after 12 years since the incident ha Langpih, West Khasi Hills where the lives of Khasi have been lost. killed in the bullets of the Assam government.
Members of the UDP including MLAs, MDCs and office bearers held a sit-in and demanded immediate action on three issues.
Speaking to reporters on Saturday, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar said that the lack of ILP in the state is due to the lack of attention by all the members of the House especially the state government to take more action on the demand. ILP in the state.
Which or which of the two cases has been filed at the Laitumkhrah Police Station? Who is the other party who obstructs or opposes the filing of an FIR by the other party?
At the same time, he also praised Bah Pilestar Nongsiej who has been a winner in the mountain climbing in the past years and this has been a good example for the youth to follow. for example through their uptake of educational opportunities.
In the order, the DC said that the trade from Majai should start immediately and at the same time he said that any violation of this order will be dealt with strictly according to the rules. of the law.
They said that Nongbah Jynrin has less than 15 households and less than 30 voters.
The names of the informants will be kept confidential, and there will be a tax-free reward.
However, in these days, the members of the Seng will be stationed at Byrnihat and other places in Ribhoi District if there are private vehicles from Assam coming here to work.
The party on 15th November held an emergency meeting at its office in the presence of Bah GRI Marshillong, Working President, Bah RCR Kharsyntiew, Vice President, Bah Daniel Wahlang, General Secretary and members.
This news, apparently angered the people and they rushed out to attack the metor area, but when they were blocked by the police, there was another fight between the police. public and police.
Titosstarwell Chyne also urged the village leaders to cooperate with the SDO office for the delivery of food items to the villages. Titosstarwell Chyne said he will talk to the government authorities to provide assistance to the day laborers in the area.
“According to the conversation, these stones were not intended to set boundaries but were only for the purpose of surveying the forest areas, and all of them have been removed,” he said. the Chief Minister in the Legislative Assembly regarding the talks with the Chief Minister of Assam.
The two organizations said that many of the residents including school children in the district have alleged that the shops have charged T.70-T.80 for shniuh alone.
As soon as we see the colour, we forget the Lord.
God forbids this sin.
The allocation for the construction of the Mawhati Road in the first phase is Rs 83.38 crore through the Meghalaya Integrated Transport Project (MITP) funded by the World Bank for a distance of 40.13 km starting from the start. The snow reached Sonidan.
Mondal said the cancellation of the tender was after a disagreement with the price quoted by these companies.
Officials in Tihar issued a statement saying that Sisodia has been placed in the ward.
The ceremony was led by Asst Education Secretary Pynshngaiñ Lyngdoh and Litigation Secretary Basuklang N.Khongwar in the presence of several members of the KSU Dorbar Shnong Chilliangraij. Chilliangraij SSA UPS on Tuesday conducted a tree plantation drive at Trepariat within the boundary of the Chilliangraij Dorbar Shnong.
Shillong, July 31: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYM) Central Body has strongly warned against the booksellers who take advantage of the prices and illegally use other stickers or MRP stickers in addition to the stickers installed by the company.
Shillong, Nailar, 05: Thousands of believers from different churches and ethnic groups took part in a mass march organized by the Catholic Association of Shillong (CAS) to urge the President India's Droupadi Murmu has urged India to fight to end the bloodshed in Manipur which has been going on for three months.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) including the Saitsohpen Youth Association, the Saitsohpen Women's Union and the residents of Saitsohpen District have protested against the license application of Jiva Resort to operate liquor in Saitsohpen, Sohra and Saitsohpen. This was announced at a public hearing held on Tuesday at the village.
Mawryngkneng MLA Heavingstone Khapran has met with the Director of NEIGRIHMS, Shillong, Nalin Mehta to discuss various issues related to the students.
These ships were intended to unload these goods and hand them over to traders in India.
I have prepared well for this match and I look forward to playing well so that I can reach the goal.
Meanwhile, BJP Meghalaya President Ernest Mawrie has alleged that former Mawsynram MLA Himalaya Shangpliang is working as a housekeeper because he wants to appoint his brother in the Mawsynram Mondal.
In this tournament, the clubs that qualified for the MSL will receive T.1 lakh and those who qualify for the semi finals will receive T.1 lakh.
“Hooid i Dei, I'm still at home and I'm going to class. Please go with me and I said... I'll come at any time.
“He has been very experienced in political-political matters and the party has benefited greatly from this connection.
The investment of money by the leaders in order to win the election is to seize power and later when they come to power they will pass dozens of laws to produce or reduce the loss. everything.
He is currently studying in class 12 at KJP Synod College Nongstoiñ and has eight siblings.
Besides, there was also another collision in Rngaiñ which caused two vehicles to be seriously damaged.
Therefore, the time has come for them to surprise the people otherwise they have lost their dignity as elders. We see that the struggle of the VPP is based on the truth (fight for the right) which is surprising. I am surprised to see that the leader of the party who has been the leader of the students' party for many years and at the same time has been an MLA and minister not only in this government. M.D.A.II even in the government of M.U.A.I, M.U.A.II, He should have known and seen clearly, according to the view and sight of the people that the party NPP is a party that fights politics with those remaining kharmetor. In the Iewmawlong area, by misleading the people in this way and that way, immediately from the High Court and after that blueprint and even from the blueprint will come out a whiteprint just to benefit the party NPP in the MP election. to be held in 2024 especially in Punjab and Haryana, if it is other Chief Ministers since then these Kharmetor who live in the Iewmawlong area have received REDCARD. All this is a political exploitation of the NPP for personal gain in these two states.
She felt that the allegation of links to the insurgents was an internal conspiracy.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Josephine Wankhar, congratulated the staff of Rupang for their hard work in organizing such a program to provide assistance to those in need. She also expressed her gratitude to the poor and needy and blessed the shlem to grow so that they can help many others in need.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, said that he had denied that he had been asked to upgrade the school but said that the statement was that the government would strengthen the school, but not to upgrade it.
This unemployment of educated youth has become an incurable disease.
In the first innings, Royal Challengers Mawsynram scored 115 runs in 17.1 overs for the loss of five wickets.
The impact on the Dearness Allowance and Dearness Relief will amount to T.15909.35 crore per annum and T.10606.20 crore for the fiscal year 2019-20 (for the five months from November, 2019 to June, 2020).
“The producer is afraid of some difficulties in releasing the film even though it has been completed,” said Barua.
The baby is now 35 weeks old and the ultra sound estimate is 4 kilos, but she has gained more weight.
For this purpose, the Seng Khihlang invites all those who wish to preserve the spirit of the traditional religion to come and witness so that it will be a flourishing one.
We can't do anything.
Indeed, it will be difficult to turn Meghalaya into a so-called “Wireless City” like Varanasi.
Meanwhile, Kong Belbera Wankhar gave the last speech at the distribution ceremony.
Shillong: On the 5th October, 2022, the Trekking and Adventure Group Dkhiah West under the leadership of Dr. R Phawa, has walked with hundreds of people from men, women, youth and children.
“The situation is very severe in Garo Hills, but there has been no incident and we have been monitoring the situation,” said the Commissioner of Divisions in charge of Garo Hills, Peter W Ingty.
Since then, the precious standards of living have also begun to decline and disappear.
On the other hand, basketball coach Sanju Das said that the basketball game in the state has started to improve in the last three years after the lack of better coaches.
In this MDC and MLA elections, the same has been done by working together,” he said.
Has Meghalaya needed to bring about these changes and has the people been willing to accept them? Indeed, electricity is one of the most important needs of every day especially in this age of technology. delays in many areas and departments.
The figure is in addition to dozens of Russian generals killed in Ukraine.
Congress MDC Boston Marak was abducted from his residence in Tura at 11 pm this morning, according to sources.
Banerjee said India lost the final because the final was held in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, Modi's hometown.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
Shillong, July 15: The All NEHU Workers Union (ANWU) on Tuesday announced that it will temporarily suspend its 10-day strike from Friday.
Finally, the union urges the government to revise or send a decision regarding the smart town in Jowai as the income is low compared to Tura. Jaintia Hills especially the local MLA of Jowai Wailadmiki Shylla to take action on this issue.
The registration fee for players is Rs.20/- per person.
Shillong, Lber 05 : The preparations of the Laitryngew Presbyterian Church, Sohra Presbytery to host the 22nd Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian (KJP) Western Synod from 7th to 10th October, 2024 have gone smoothly at the village. .
Those who do not have this maternity card will not receive this money because this is the rule laid down by the government.
Entry forms can be obtained from the same office during office hours by submitting the names of the players along with passport size photographs, birth certificate from the Municipal Board/CHC/PHC and Aadhaar Card will be issued by 24th June,
Today, the 8th of this month, about 8,500 devotees have visited the temple, which is out of 9,000 tickets that have been approved.
Leaders of Sengbhalang and Unions of Village Authorities (JACLRNM) have formed the Joint Action Committee (JACLRNM) at a meeting today at Umdohlun, South West Khasi Hills District. of HANC, Warsanlyngdoh Area Youth Association, Warsanlyngdoh Area Village Authority Association, Umdohlun Village Sordar/Minister Association, Sordars and Elders from Rangblang to Nongtynger.
“The HYC strongly warns the LRO not to start inciting religious differences in the State or in India as a whole.
Hamedayo Nongtdu scored 4 goals, Givenson Suting 3 goals, Samewon Khonglah 2 goals, Richan Mi-O Lyngdoh 2 goals, Dangkermi Oo Ryngkhlem 1 goal and Mar- This P.Shylla 1 column.
Shillong, Naitung 22: Bah Nopin Khong, 65, one of the residents of Mawryngkang village, Shillong, has been accused of possession by a demon.
Milk is a healthy drink that is very beneficial for overall health and strengthens the body.
The casino is a high profile casino and we small businesses have mobile casinos, slot machines, cow betting, fishing and others.
The party now calls for the joint efforts of all writers, journalists, teachers, political parties, religious organizations, NGOs and the public to achieve this goal. demand.
This morning at 7 pm, the residents of Saphai together with the police of Garampani Out Post found the bodies of three children who drowned in the Kupli River.
They demanded that the NHRC investigation team should visit East Jaintia Hills and Shillong and investigate by an independent team into the murder of Bah Poipynhun Majaw and They demanded that the State Government should investigate the trucks passing through the area on that day and the owners of the coal mines who transported the coal from the area. region outside the State.
To this day they take part in the Niam Hima held in Smit.
Man United beat Man United 2-1 at Old Trafford.
In a letter written by the KSU to Minister Mondal, Reuben Najiar, Chairman of the KSU Employment Monitoring Cell, expressed his dissatisfaction with the actions of MECL. Conduct Personal Interview for the post of Assistant Engineer, which has been advertised since
At the same time, the CM said the Government will soon approve the proposal to start the Science and Commerce stream in government colleges in Sohra, Williamnagar and Baghmara.
Meghalaya bowlers bowled as hard as they could to defend their target but with Tilak Varma's 64 runs from 50 balls, Hydrabad got the support and encouragement to reach the target. success.
Shillong, Lber 20: The residents of Mawlai village, will intensify their struggle against Ampareen Lyngdoh, for her refusal to apologise. , on the 22nd October 2014 at Thangkhiew Petrol Pump, at 11:00 pm.
It may also be that the lack of attention of all the governments to take care of the residents of the border areas is because they have focused too much on the development around Shillong and forgotten the villagers. which are located on the border of Meghalaya.
Shillong: The BJP Meghalaya has also stood on the same ground to support the demand for the implementation of the Inner Liner Permit (ILP) in the state.
Speaking at the meeting, u Samla Auspicious, by congratulating his parents, brothers and sisters, said that he came out this time to contest the election because he has walked and seen the election. the problems faced by the people.
Lyngdoh Sad Victor said that besides the priests and religious, the seminary has also produced leaders in the state such as ministers, MLAs, doctors, engineers and others who have given services for the cause. for the good of the people of the state as a whole.
The total growth of the BoM was 20% at Rs 3,37,534 crore followed by the Union Bank of India at 11.04% at Rs 17,31,371 crore at the end of the year. budget 2022.
This order was issued by Bah Wahlang during a review meeting held at the office of the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai, on Tuesday.
Shillong, Naitung 24 : The President of the BJP in Meghalaya, Bah Earnest Mawrie, on Tuesday accused the Opposition of using the word “Modi Meghalaya” to attack the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government. by the National People's Party (NPP).
Therefore, to avoid this, the first thing is that without knowing the person, it is not the way to get married. This is against the Khasi customs and traditions because we don't know what kind of person you are. poi that poi man.
“Now the government, besides not being able to maintain peace and order in Garo Hills, has started to create trouble in the Khasi Hills,” said the President of BJYM. The President of the KSU said that the government should create and find other ways and means to reach the right path but not to arrest without following the right path.
For the first time in Meghalaya and even in India, the state govt.
If the Government does not protect the water sources and water sources, it will cause problems.
Shillong: For months now since the Motphran earthquake, the Motphran or Sreet Light has not been working and has not been on fire.
At the end of the match, the organizers distributed prizes to both the winners and losers teams. Weiloi FC won the title with a cash prize. Mawkynroh FC won the trophy and a cash prize of T.50,0
He recalled his visit six years ago to Maweit for an ICYM meeting where he experienced the deterioration of the road.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah M.Marweiñ Sordar of Pyndengrei Village congratulated the Nongsiang Kur and especially Bah ED Nongsiang for his vision to establish this school which has benefited the village. especially for children who come from low-income families.
Many electric shock incidents may be caused by collision with electrical signs or equipment or simply by standing too close to places where there are electrical equipment or signs due to electric induction. ).
However, a day later, police found the body lyngktar in the forest near Umlyngka.
Since the beginning of the preparations, the church leaders have met with the government authorities but due to the pandemic, many works related to roads and highways have been disrupted. It cannot provide a good road, perhaps it will fill the streets to facilitate the visitors to the Synod.
Pala has been elected MP twice from the Congress in the state, once defeating John F Kharshiing in 2009 when John was contesting from the Congress. Shillong: On the 17th of this month at 8:15 pm, a car accident occurred between a truck (AS). The accident occurred when a tourist taxi (ML-04C-5811) collided with another vehicle on Jowai By-pass NH-6, WJH.
Wadajied Ryngkhlem 23' & 64', Santi Janai 68', Timmy Ryngkhlem 79', Teddy Bang 82' and Player Suna 85' scored the goals for Mukhla FC.
If these rishot are allowed to continue, the nation and the country will collapse and burn.
She said that the increasing number of incidents of assault and murder of women in these days has caused the Commission to be deeply concerned.
According to the rules, the students who apply must be those who are currently studying in Class VIII (Academic Session 2023-2024) from Government aided and Local Body Schools only. and students must achieve up to 55% and 50% marks for SC/ST, while students studying in schools like Kendriya Vidyalayas, Jawahar Navodayas and Residential Schools which are government schools must not achieve marks The income of the parents per annum should not exceed T3, 50,000/- (Three lakh fifty thousand tyngka per annum).
The recipients of the Police Medal for Meritorious Service include Kullendra R. Sangma, Sub-Inspector and Bokhraw Songthiang, UB-Constable.
Along with the natural disasters, there has been a group of elephants who have crossed between Bangladesh and India, through Ri Lum Garo, in search of food and in confusion have attacked people.
Also speaking was Bah Roswell Shadap from Mawpat, Mawhati who is the leader of the farmers in this constituency.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, who is in charge of the Jail Department, today inspected the jail at Jail Road and found that it is overcrowded.
The purpose of the lockdown is to save people from the disease.
Pateinki scored the third goal in the 53rd minute through Lakhon Dhar.
Roycherter Narlong, 35, the driver of the bike, died on the spot while Pdianghun Maring, 28, his wife, sustained serious injuries.
He said that according to the legend, this stone is possessed by a demon in which the demon has eaten away the two brothers and this incident has shocked the people and they do not dare to come near.
On the occasion, a short meeting was held by Adiam U Bthuh, District Secretary MBS&G-West Jaintia Hills.
“We have received the allocation to build a Mini Secretariat at the Civil Sub Division office, a Circuit House and quarters for the officers and employees of Pynursla CSD,” said Prestone. .
Khliehriat, Jymmang 10: Regarding the Public Hearing against the Myntdu Leshka Project Stage-II, the Secretary of Lakadong Elaka, Bah Eshrom Mynthlu, said that the people of Myntdu Leshka Project Stage-II “I am surprised to say why the government has not included all the affected villages? They are only 500 to 800 meters away from the dam or the power house project and there are about three villages in Lakadong district which will be severely affected if the project is constructed. These villages are Borghat, Natbor, Demlakiang, Bri Khynriam, Kwator. There are still many demands that the government should do something for these villages. They should be present at this venue, so that they can hear what the government will do to explain the gains and losses of the people.
Shillong, July 17: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today released its second list of candidates for the upcoming MDC elections in the middle of the night.
The All Asom Goriya Yuva Chatra Parishad has lodged a complaint with the police regarding Dev's remarks.
As the days go by he becomes brave enough to joke about grabbing her hand when he gets the chance.
The Coordination Committee was formed at a short meeting held at the Dorbar Hall of Wahiajer Village in the presence of MLA Sniawbhalang Dhar.
On the other hand, the union has requested the Director to take action as soon as possible and if this demand does not succeed, the union will not hesitate to take another stronger measure, concluded the statement. u Publicity Secretary Samla Teimiki Suchiang.
“The union should not use its knowledge, unless it has a law as stipulated by the HITO and the Meghalaya Inter State Migrant Workers Act, Meghalaya must first register with the Labor Department.
I would like to congratulate the family, children, relatives and especially the Nongrim Hills SS & CC for organizing this tournament to honor this man who has done his job well.
Looking at the beauty of the mountains, rivers and landscapes, it has become a beautiful, clean country that is very attractive besides being separate from others.
Therefore, in order to avoid any tragic incident in the future, the RBYF urges the NHAI to repair all those damaged parts of the road and also to clean up the “Otherwise, if it cannot improve the road, it should stop collecting taxes from vehicles parked on the NH-6,” he added.
The ceremony was attended by Carness Sohshang, MDC Mawkyrwat Constituency, Steveford Marweiñ, MCS, Extra Assistant Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District. Syiemlieh, Secretary of the Kur, Bah Roland Syiemlieh, who also gave encouraging speeches to Donbestar Syiemlieh that he should not end up in this field to be recognized as a hero. He is skilled in this field but he should have the goal of reaching other higher ranks and getting a Professional Licence. You have to play about 20 matches to get that recognition.
Dibor Kassar scored the first goal for Kyrchan Para-I in the 39th minute.
The residents who have ponds built under the schemes received by the Fishery Department, as of now, have turned into competition venues where the benefit is only for those who are smart. to go and hunt the thong and for the owners of the wells.
In the end, EJH reached 112 for the loss of all wickets after the departure of Passang Sherpa (24) and Bharat Subba (22) who scored 20 runs each.
Without this recognition from the authorities of the law, there is always “powerlessness”.
The Dy.CEM said that the former EC had received the report on 6th June 2019 during the tenure of CEM Bah HS Shylla and the new EC after examining the report, found that I have not brought trouble to the kingdom in the kingdom of heaven, because there is no king who is perfect.
HDR Lyngdoh is one of the six candidates who have contested the United Democratic Party (UDP) MLA elections to be held on 27th June.
The Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement was signed between the Government of India and the 25 Khasi Himas between 1947 and 1948, and was ratified by the Government of India on 17th July. , 1948.
At the same time, the EJDCA has informed that the door is open for any group or team to join the EJDCA and the deadline for submission is 19th October,
“We want NEIGRHIMS to be one of the best hospitals in the country,” he said.
MeECL has had to turn off electricity for 8-10 hours a day due to the drop in water level in the Umïam Dam.
The struggle in all aspects will continue to spread to the 24 constituencies of another constituency in the state.
The race started from Kiang Nangbah Stadium and ended at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
Head swelling can lead to the spread of Rhinovirus.
Other experts who attended the drug awareness program included Kong I Shadap as Clinical Psychologist, Nongstoiñ, GK Sangma as Inspector of Police, and G Thongni as Counselor. the Kripa Foundation.
In that jainsiang he saw all the wild animals walking and running.
Paul said the PAC can take it as a small legislature. “It will be the responsibility of the various departments to respond and respect the authority of the legislature. members of the PAC are members of the Legislative Assembly.
Memon Sukhain scored 5' and Harlin Pyrngad 29' for Shnongrim.
However, it has announced that it will discuss and arrange a tournament with Sweden and Finland outside the FIE World Cup.
Marak, 24, of Malran, Jemistar D. Sangma, 21, of Deniram and Tengku S. Sangma, 19, of Watcheng.
Ma Shemhok announced that if he does not get a ticket, he will contest the 2023 MLA election.
Many of the film stars who worked with Satish have expressed their deep sorrow over his sudden death and said that the director never showed any love for anyone but only for him. a smile on his face and a smile on his face.
Organizing Secretary- Rapmeki Pohti 8.
The IG said there was no evidence that there were any HNLC bases in Bangladesh.
Shylla said he did not think that the talks between the UDP and the HSPDP would be held only between the UDP and the HSPDP. I have taken a decision without informing the people and I have decided to support Bah Ardent to contest in 2018 because I know if I inform the people will not accept my decision, but I have decided Ardent doesn't care and says it's a private decision, how can a private person say when I'm with 6000 people? " he said again.
Shillong, March 19 : Pynthorumkhrah MLA AL Hek today denied that Rocky Hek is not his brother-in-law.
On the other hand, DMK leader UMK Stalin was shocked by Shah's remarks, saying that this would destroy the sense of income between the various groups and therefore demanded that he should remove the. words of mardor.
Do you think the Assam government will allow them to return to Meghalaya after giving the green signal to Assam? Is there any idea of ​​meeting another committee to consider when the work is already dead? Is it enough to waste time, energy and money to revive the work that has already been done? These are the rights of the residents as well as various civil society organizations who have concern for the country and the nation especially the border that has been inherited by their parents and your ancestors.
The posts appointed are one President, seven Vice Presidents including one for women, one post of Secretary General, five posts of Joint Secretary, one post of Treasurer and 11 posts for EC members. The election of Bah Donald, who has filed his nomination papers for the post of Vice President, has also made him the first Meghalayan to be elected for the post.
Damut Nongrang scored in the 42nd minute, Nickstar Nongrang in the 64th minute, Tenbok in the 80th minute and Banikstar Mawblei in the 83rd minute. Dhoni Thangkhiew scored the third goal for Nala Rympei in the 69th minute.
The objective of the Yatra is to provide information on key schemes of the Government and to achieve full implementation of these schemes.
He said the departure of party office bearers like Mylliem is sad but the party has to stand for the people.
“I urge you to do your best because we have faced many difficulties as meat farmers here in Mawïong,” said Bah Umlong.
According to the CBI report, up to 15 senior officials including the then Ministers, MLAs, MDCs, Ex MLAs and government officials were involved in the case. Thank you for not cheating by giving the names of their people for appointment even if this is illegal and against the Constitution of the country.
Pray also for us who are sick.
On the other hand, the KSU Laban has expressed its strong opposition to this, as the Dorbar Shnong has not given any permission.
Maoist militants today set fire to two trucks used to transport goods at a construction site in Ittapara area of ​​Sukma district, Sukma SP Sunil Sharma said. .
“I didn't expect to be President and I supported Charles to be President, but because of the death of his son, there is still a lot of trouble,” he said.
(The above are only to help point out common mistakes.
There will also be thunder and lightning in many places.
He denied the government's claim that there is a political crisis in KHADC. “There is no political crisis in KHADC as claimed by the government,” he said.
“I have also directed the Tourism officers to post on the website of Meghalaya Tourism that the state is not only peaceful but also a state that attracts tourists,” he said.
On the same day at 1 pm, u Samla Rangbah was the Chief Guest to closing the Mawlai Nongkwar Inter Dong Knockout Football Tournament organized by the KSU Mawlai Nongkwar Unit. 10th July 2023 in the presence of Samla Mac Iver Thabah Vice – President KSU Mawlai Circle.
They also threw stones at the police station and damaged the doors.
Not only that, Goyal said that if a person pays properly to the provident fund and other payments related to the fund, then if he earns T.6.5 lakh per annum, However, no tax will be collected at all and this means that he will have to spend T.1.5 lakh on these schemes.
After discussion with the MLAs, the Speaker of the House, AT Mondal, allowed the Bill to be tabled and fixed a date for further discussion tomorrow.
“If we are anywhere, don't misuse the word jaitbynriew as done by the rich who come to buy votes, as they said, don't elect businessmen who while campaigning for election show that they love the nation, but when they win, they will sell their nation,” he added.
The 14th July 2020 is a memorable day in the history of Umroi Constituency.
“Their games should not end only in the village, but they should go up to the district, the state and the country as well,” said Bah Shaining.
According to reports, gunmen attacked a police van on Tuesday in which two police chiefs in charge of a prison in northern France were killed. died in the incident.
Conrad K Sangma inaugurated the Durshtah Sahnam organized by the Riti Academy led by Raphael Warjri and Thomas Mylliemlong.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The winners of the 4×1 Relay Race in the U-16 category have collected their medals at the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) office. The Meghalaya Games 2022 will be held 10 days after the end of the tournament.
S Krishnan, Managing Director and CEO of Tamil Nadu Mercantile Bank (TMB), has resigned from his post after employees of the bank made mistakes by paying money up to Tk. .9,000 crore, to a taxi driver in Chennai.
Nongtalang is one of the villages which has close ties with the King of Jaintia Hills, it is only 12km away from Jaintiapur which is the mountain capital of the King of Jaintia Hills.
“There is a gate to check the cattle, gates to check the crops, gates to check them, gates to check the coal, gates to check the people and gates to check the gates” he added.
On the Special Democratic Right, the party said that many areas where foreigners have been elected leaders but the party said that it wants all foreigners who remain In this state after the census year many people have demanded since 1971 that they should vote in the State of Origin as our people living abroad do.
Regarding the issue, Bah Pynshngaiñ said that in the past few days, the District Council has not had time to discuss the issue of recruitment as it is still too busy. Think of other issues affecting the community such as the MUDA border crossing and others.
The method of milking soap is that those people who are skilled in milking soap take the shun from the dabia or tyndong shun and hold it in their hands by thnum immediately to drive away the soap that makes people sick. .
The Women's Group will hold a procession tomorrow to mark the International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women. back the Night”.
The Congress has strongly criticized the KHNAM for supporting the demand for ILP, saying that the support of the people for the KHNAM in the last MLA elections shows that the people do not want ILP because the ILP is an issue. KHNAM has put forward its election campaign.
I'm going to kill people like that!.
The entire Manipur will be covered by the CAB and the residential areas of Tripura will be covered by the CAB. The Governor has also delayed the signing of the MRSSA Act and thus, Meghalaya will become a haven for Bangladeshis to enter the country through the CAB, said the union.
After the shooting, the troops chased the vehicle carrying the cows, but the driver of the vehicle fled the scene by taking advantage of the forest area and in the dark.
Shillong: U Sagar Thakuri, 24, resident of Nongmensong, Shillong, has died after his motorcycle collided with another motorcycle. Another injured was identified as Amrit Dev Verma, 23, who works at the Tranquil Inn Guest House at Lum Shyiap, Pdeng Village.
On the issue of burning the tyngshops of the political parties, the President said that we will not take a decision to honor but we put something good in front and something bad behind and we will turn away. evil with good.
The Minister said that today's ceremony was successful; This means that the rule of law will be good, the market will be good, the children of thousands will be healthy, healthy, strong, as we know that the market is the market and the buying and selling is signed.
When the police seized the vehicle at Byrnihat Police Outpost, they seized 20 bottles of soap containing drugs and calculated at the market price, he is worth about Rs 1.2 crore.
Thousands of people turned out to listen to the speeches of the leading leaders of the HSPDP Party. The meeting was conducted by Bah Panborlang Ryntathiang. HSPDP Mawhati Constituency candidate I. Kharbani, Pynwan Shylliang, Witting Mawsor and Donalbest Nongsiej. greeting speech.
Shillong: Members of MPLU and JCCCA today met with the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Latiplang Khorkongor to inform about the influx of private vehicles of foreigners into the state. Meghalaya is not the only tourist taxi.
“Many Divisional Forest Officers have not followed the laws even when they have found illegal logging factories,” said HM Shangpliang and demanded that the department should take action on this to prevent the operation. illegal factories in Garo Hills and Khasi Hills.
The Prime Minister informed that the availability of medicines, vaccines and beds in the hospitals is adequate.
However, in the past six months when we were about to start the preparation for the elections, we have tried to meet the Prime Minister to explain many of the problems we are facing as he promised.
The Nonglang Sirdarship, which has 42 villages, is adjacent to the Jyrngam and Riangsih Sirdarships.
However, it can be brought back only in the next session under the authority of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.
“The parents will arrive in the city on Wednesday and based on their statements, we would be able to ascertain whether it was a case of forced circumcision or not," he added.
The children of Israel had to wander forty years in the wilderness – that is, for many years.
At the same time, the Sein Raij Tuber also held a Shadsukra celebration today and it was a success despite the heavy rain.
The landslide and dozens of truck-sized mawbah at Riat Rngain, on Tuesday evening, has caused a flood in the entire Riwar Mihngi area. Two lives were lost, one from Wahlyngkhat and one from Wahkhen.
In the Under-17 Women's Tournament, Little Stars English Medium SS (Eastern West Khasi Hills) beat Birin Nuchong SS 4-1 .
The Government of India has failed,” said Devi.
This year, 13 raths have arrived at the lympung, which have been brought from all over the villages. It is the belief to drive away the disease from the village where the ritual is completed by the sacrifice.
For the first time in the state, the Meghalaya Lokayukta has chargesheeted 10 former MDCs, former Secretary of the Council and two contractors. corruption and misappropriation of funds under Sections 7 and 12 of the Prevention of Corruption Act
Dr. Mukul Sangma has criticized the present government under the leadership of Conrad and Conrad also criticized Dr. Mukul Sangma who has been the Chief Minister of the state twice. 2010 to 2013 and 2013 to 2018 while he was with the Congress.
Alvarez finished the season as City's second top scorer with 17 goals, despite playing only a few games and being ranked 3rd top scorer in the 2022 World Cup.
Shillong, Naitung 9: On 18th July, 2015, the KHADC through the Chief Forest Officer through a letter from the Lyngdoh of Mawphlang Hima has sought clarification on why the Law Kyntang has been violated. newspapers that there is damage and destruction of the Holy Law.
He said that the UDP has not joined the NPP, but has joined the NPP to form a synrop government led by the NPP. “My name is Bah Synshar, we come from the UDP and not from any other party,” he said.
“The meeting unanimously decided to hand over to the Hima and Raid to submit the documents to the Boundary Committee so that the leader of KHADC can bring these documents. to the meeting of the Regional Committee of Ribhoi on the 30th,” he said.
The training program on Entrepreneurship was held at the Dorbar Hall, Sajer Nongpoh. The program was inaugurated by the Rangbah Shnong of Nongpoh, Bah Silverster Mynsong. About 50 women from Ri Bhoi took part in this program to gather information on the training of experts on various employment opportunities.
Mawkyrwat, July 14: Heavy rainfall on the night of July 13, 2023 has caused an earthquake and damage to a school building in Khlur Rit. Government Lower Primary School, Mawpud in South West Khasi Hills District has once again suffered from natural disasters.
The group includes leaders from many African countries and other parts of the country. Ma Mohrmen explained that in Meghalaya, the land grabbing of indigenous people is not only from foreigners. but what is not is the knieh made by the natives themselves.
Hearing a case on the cleanliness of the Umïam River and other rivers, the High Court said that although these rules have explained what should be done with the garbage, It is surprising that the distance between the river and the buildings has not been specified.
If that happens, we will not remain silent," Kurmi said.
Bony Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi, Director of the Society, said that in these days since the rainfall has decreased, the number of tourists has increased. they flow every day.
But he doesn't respect man, God doesn't respect man.
“Although MeECL has set T.40 per KW, it has been found that it has charged more than T.240 for 36 days of electricity which is more than the set price.
When asked whether the Congress will contest in 2023 from Mawshynrut, some said that just to avoid the flag raising and the dissolution of the party, if he applies for a ticket, he will be given a ticket. They also said that even if we estimate that until the 2023 election, there will be more than 5,000 supporters.
Members of the union, after being informed by the manager of the company, informed the union leaders that the reason for the lack of network in the village is due to the low battery of the network tower. He also promised that the network will be restored after 3 or 4 days after the replacement of the needs of the tower.
The Director General of Police, Meghalaya, Dr. LR Bishnoi, said that the police have been vigilant to ensure that drug traffickers to destroy the youth of Meghalaya should not get away with it. Police have arrested him.
Everyone who reads the newspaper has seen her picture in the newspaper and her scars.
It is because we have love for our people.
“We tried to do the best we could by arresting drug dealers.
Daeimitre Suchiang scored 42', 46' and Gideon Mukhim scored 52' for Lumbhahdakha.
This causes a lot of trouble and can even lead to a tragic point where we lose our lives.
Because as young people they know that the Kur Lyngdoh Umiong and the Lyngdoh Nonglyngkien are brothers and sisters.
The incident has spread from Khanduli to Jrikyndeng area as there are some people who take advantage for their own benefit.
According to a letter submitted by JARF to the CEM of JHADC under the leadership of Helping Phawa Chairman JARF and Leningstar Rymbai General Secretary JARF. to exempt the council and the state government from the implementation of the laws of the central government because according to the sixth amendment empowers the councils to make laws.
She said the obstacle came after the Assam government released the list of its people through the NRC. She urged Rajnath to do something, as she said there is a fear. I'm sorry for the people of my constituency.
Shillong, July 22: The District Medical and Health Officer, Shillong, Shillong, has announced that it will conduct a polio vaccination program on the 27th July, 2014 from 9 am to 4 pm. evening at designated places in all the villages in the district and to follow up with a household search on the 28th and 29th July,
Regarding this deterioration of the road, the Presbyterian Church on July 22, 2015 has donated a voluntary donation as part of the efforts to solve the problem faced by the residents, said Bah Ryndong. .
Chandigarh: The Chief Minister of Punjab, Bhagwant Mann, has met with the DGP of Punjab, VK Bhawra. The DGP, the Additional Director General of Police (Security), has informed all SSPs and CPs across the state to lift the police surveillance of 112 politicians. , which includes many former Congress ministers and MLAs as well.
The ARPA has also urged the Governor to hold a special session for the CEM election. However, the government has said that the Governor's office has rejected the letter of the ARPA on The ARPA should look into the matter once again because the same names of the two MDCs are also on the list of the People Democratic Forum (PDF), along with the signatures of the ARPA. sign.
Regarding the incident, the KSU, NKHD leaders said that at present they cannot say or express anything, because regarding the incident, the KSU, NKHD will think about it. and the KSU, Sengkmie for taking a decision.
All Officers appointed shall notify the Magistrates appointed by the Deputy Commissioner.
Dr Mukul Sangma, without mentioning other Congress Chief Ministers, has been the only Chief Minister of Meghalaya for two terms (2009 to early 2018).
On the slow implementation of the JJM in these districts, Marak said that the slowness is due to the lack of electricity to install the water pumps.
Shillong: The number of cases of covid-19 in the state has risen sharply today, with 710 new cases, 453 recoveries and 9 deaths.
Former President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Robert June Kharjahrin on Saturday joined the UDP at a meeting in Mawkyrwat after retiring from the party.
Finally, Bah Jeremy Lyngdoh said that the reason why Assam is increasingly crossing the border with Meghalaya is because of the negligence and lack of attention of the state government for the introduction of growth in the border areas with Assam.
Meghalaya has signed three foreign players to play in the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy T20 tournament and Vijay Hazare Trophy one day tournament. Rajesh Bishnoi, Tanmay Mishra and Nakul Verma – but although they have been an important part of the team, it has been a long-standing dream of the MCA to field their own players from the state and Through this, it will enable them to improve in cricket.
He said that the Speaker of the House has held the dorbar for only a few days and many issues related to the state have not been able to be brought up in the dorbar.
A tribal leader was shot dead by Maoist militants in Odisha's Kandhamal district, police said on Friday.
Tura: Benedic R Marak, incumbent MLA of the National People's Party (NPP), has been withdrawn from his ticket for the 2023 MLA elections; Limison D Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya and NPP Leader, Conrad Sangma today announced that Limison D Sangma will contest the upcoming MLA elections from the National People's Party (NPP). of Raksamgre Constituency.
Replying to the remarks of the VPP MLA, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the issues raised by the MLA from Nongkrem confirm the position of the state government on the ownership of land. and it shall be in the midst of the border.
More than 70 people have benefited from this pre Christmas Medical Camp which was held at the hospital.
The Minister of PWD told the Legislative Assembly that the construction of the road from Baniun to Dawki under Package II has been completed by 37.75 per cent. Report (DPR), the work under Package IV is 30.10 per cent and under Package V the resubmission of the tender has reached the final stage.
After Dr. Mukul Sangma announced these three committees to look into the bill, which has not yet been named, as a bill to fight against mynder, instead of the ILP, many people have come out. Two questions were asked by many participants whether these legal examination committees of Dr. Mukul Sangma have involved the political parties.
Therefore, due to the heavy rainfall at 1:00 pm which caused the flooding of Bah Ardent's residence in front of the Secretariat, the VPP leaders have ordered the construction of a stronger rynsan nearby. parking lot near the Additional Secretariat to avoid heavy rain and flooding.
The national parties have no foundation, they are not united, they cannot govern well and it is only up to the Congress to be strong,” said Bah Pathaw.
The first is that the Government has expressed a great deception to the people and various groups including Church and Christian leaders, because in the past the Government has said that it will not take this forward. you can't do it now.
The total number of cases has risen to 139 and 45 have recovered, Chief Minister Conrad Sangma said in a post on his Facebook page.
There have been 1,457 new cases of covid-19 in Assam today, bringing the total number of cases to 41,7
“After meeting with the SPs of the districts and government officials, the police have suggested that security forces should be used for the elections to be held on 16th June across Garo Hills,” he said. said Mr. Kharkongor.
First of all, I would like to congratulate the “Seng Khihlang” which stands to protect and preserve the religion, customs and traditions of the Khasi Khara, Khun 7 Trep 7 Skum. the religion of Nongwei, the religion of Poiwir, the religion of Kharlieh and Khariong, which come after the sunset of the moon.
“This decision of the government will put the villagers of the state at risk through the truck drivers who pass through and have to pay the price set at these weighbridges and toll gates,” he said. Balen Thubru, President of AJCCTA in a statement.
When they go to church, instead of praising God, they praise their fellow human beings.
Because of the large number of vehicles, it causes traffic jams in the village.
Rowel said that to become a voter, one must have a Permanent Residence Certificate (PRC) and other documents required according to the rules laid down by the Supreme Court.
If the authorities send the bodies of the indigenous people from Imphal, they too will be buried, sources said.
We will not make the same mistake as Sri Lanka,” said the Bangladesh police chief.
"“On the agreement between the Urban Development Department and the Hima Mylliem, he said that this has not yet happened because we have just submitted the draft and once this is done, we will hold the agreement and the agreement will not be “It will be only between the Syiem of Mylliem and the Urban Development Department, but it will be with the KHADC,” he said.
Shillong: The State Government on Thursday urged the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) not to suspend the peace talks, as announced by the HNLC on the 3rd of this month. January.
Such speech will undermine your children's encouragement.
The sin of each person was confirmed by Jesus in one of his parables that we can find in the Gospel of Luke 15:11-3
On the increase in the price of beef, Raju said that he has directed the department to collect statistics from all the beef vendors in all 46 C&RD Block and 12 District Headquarters of the State to compare the price. the wall.
He also urged the contractors and officers to work hard and ensure that the work is completed on time and the construction should be good.
However, Mukul Sangma said that the Benami Act should be fined only 20,000 rupees without anything else.
About five teachers were injured in the shooting especially Babu Birbor Riangtem, who had been protesting since the beginning. too.
Sacred Heart Football Academy scored 11 goals in the 4th, 7th, 12th and 23rd minutes, Wankitbok Nongsiej in the 4th, 7th, 12th and 23rd minutes. Ialam Nongkhar scored the first goal in the 11th minute, Wanteibok Massar scored the first goal in the 19th minute, Badondor Jana scored the first goal in the 19th minute. Baniaityngshain Kurbah scored the first goal in the 46th minute and two own goals for Challenger.
Speaking at the meeting, Rinaldo K Sangma said that the participation of the people who used to support him when he was in the Congress party has shown that thousands of supporters of the Resubelpara Congress Party have He joined the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC).
The road is badly damaged due to the large number of coal trucks passing through this road and this has caused a lot of problems to the residents in coming and going especially in case of illness, said the Secretary of Pammanik Village, Shibor Langstang.
Dhankhar, former Governor of West Bengal, received 528 votes while Alva received 182 votes.
“Child marriage will continue to be rampant until we can eradicate it.
When asked how many pieces of meat can be eaten in the area every day, he said that it is not less than 400 to 500 pieces.
“The price of Ailang Agency Gas is T.690 per cylinder while the price of Frontier Indian Gramine Vitrak Agency Gas is T.610 per cylinder,” he said. old man who did not want to be named.
Shillong 2.2Sohra 122.4Barapani 45.6Williamnagar 87.2Shella 87.2Shella 116.0Khliehriat 86.6Sohra RKM 104.8Tura KVK 61.2Ampati 21.0Rebel 5.Tikri 5killa 0Mawphlang 31.8Mawkyrwat 28.0Village 20.0.
Exodus 12:29-36.
The JHADC will succeed if you the people elect skilled and intelligent leaders to hold the keys to the coffers of the central government.
Secretaries:- Lasky Rymbai, Jambor War, Balajied Ranee, Mitchell Wankhar, Winning Sungoh, GG Bung Snaitang, Dr Aman War, Bah Teinwell Dkhar, Bah Monarch Shabong.
The first goal came from a long shot and the second from close range.
According to Bah Klip, the reason why they joined the Congress party was after the resignation of the party President Bah Martle N Mukhim which caused a lot of trouble after the elections. MLA in
Thus, with the hard work of the coaches and the players, we have won the Meghalaya State League and according to the new rules of the All India Football Federation (AIFF), the winners of the country's tournaments will qualify for the "I'm in the 3rd division of the I-League," said Eugene.
Shortly after the confirmation of his seat, several journalists tried to ask the CEM of KHADC for his opinion on the reasons for his resignation but the CEM replied, 'Who doesn't want to?' the Position (Rank) is all you want.
One of the elders of the area, Bah Snowmik Kalwing, who is also a former MLA, in his speech, expressed his full support to the party and hoped that under the leadership of the NPP, he hopes that there is a change in many ways within the state as a whole.
Speaking on the work of HMSI to instill this awareness on the need to make India collision free, Vinay Dhingra – Senior Director, HR, Admin, IT & Corporate Affairs, Honda Motorcycle & Scooter India, said: says, “Road safety education is necessary for having a mindset of people towards road safety.
The dismissal has prompted many to stage a protest and some have slept on the streets.
Because if the NPP wins again, the people will face more problems than in the past years, in which many people will become slaves to its tyranny and protests. and they shall be stronger than they.
Shillong: U CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, on Tuesday said that if the constituency allocation cannot be completed now, it will affect those constituencies which have many voters. voters.
Afterwards, the March Pass was held in which the students from their respective houses participated, and the swearing-in ceremony was led by Emierbahun Ïawphniaw along with other children.
In this treatment, which includes the repair of the wound and covering the wound with herbs harvested from the forest.
Because of their ignorance, Israel was rejected as a nation on this very day which was in fact the greatest day of Israel.
The village has only 330 inhabitants.
Shillong: U S Nongtnger, Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, today said that there is a rumor on social media that one of the victims of the FKJGP march has died.
Speaking to media, Samla Stevenson Kharkrang, President of KSU Umiam Circle, expressed his deep sorrow and condemnation over the actions of the Dean of CAU. Those who intend to commit crimes shall be arrested immediately and shall be punished in accordance with the provisions of the Act.
However, with the handover of the Work Order by Madonbai Rymbai, the long-standing demand of the residents to get a proper school building and to improve the construction of the school has come true, said Ma Monjur Lyngdoh Pyrtuh.
It was also announced that only those who pass 70% of the Matric examination will be awarded prizes.
Police have arrested the driver of the truck, Joynal Miah and the owner of the coal, Ma Johnnie John Phawa of Dkhiah East, Khliehriat (EJH).
The Seng Khasi has accepted that the burning of the eit in the ground floor of the Seng Khasi is a sign of peace of mind. The Seng Khasi, however, knows those who do it in secret.
He said that the officer has also said that the government will provide another Sub Health Centre, where the government has already appointed staff.
After that, we became much closer, because I came to journalism and Dr Don went to politics; But we met once and when we met me, he used to say “U Rupang, he used to write against me” and not only that, because I don't know how to say Doctor, but I used to say “Babu”. He called me once and said, “Don't say babu anymore”, but even then the words from my mouth didn't change at all and when we met I just said “Babu”.
The resources in the state have now been able to meet the requirement of Muga basic seed.
“Kohli should stop coming to Shillong just to do politics, he should also talk about the good deeds of the Congress government,” he said.
Shillong, Naitung 30: Ri-Bhoi District is known as the hottest area in Khasi Jaintia Hills especially during the rainy season. It is also the area connecting Shillong and Guwahati. Lakhs of vehicles pass through this highway every day.
Nongpoh, Naitung 10: The University of Science and Technology, Meghalaya, Baridua, Khanapara has been selected as the Key Resource Center by the Ministry of Public Works and Highways. to conduct a special program to provide training on the mission of the Jal Jeevan Mission to the residents of Umroi Village.
I have just one more to share with the crowd.
The salary of teachers this year has reached 50 lakh tyngka.
The Artificial Limbs Manufacturing Corporation (ALIMCO), a PSU of the Union Government under the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment, aims to provide quality assistance and assistance to people with disabilities. .
She said that the wholesalers have to send information to Delhi how much fertilizer they need and they have to deposit the money every month and after the deposit the companies will deliver the fertilizer to them.
At the Special Session of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly held in Shillong today, the Chief Minister, Shri Conrad K. Sangma, in reply to the questions from the MLAs, said: as reported in Shillong Times dt.20.12.19 – Quote “Conrad pointed out that by the Notification of December 11 this year, which included Manipur under ILP, the Center has changed the Preamble of the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation Act and the word Khasi-Jaintia was deleted though it was there in the earlier.
Do you need a road maker? (Policymakers) Because openness is soft power.
Shillong, Naitung 04: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) on Monday held a protest by turning to the Secretariat to demand that the government should implement many issues. The union also demanded that the government should increase the salaries of the Adhoc teachers in the state who have conducted protest programs which lasted for a day on Monday.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest said that during the elections there was always a lot of talk, but now it is not so and we have to forget it.
Speaking to reporters, Ransom said that the Dome weighs about 70 tonnes and is about 78 feet high. too heavy and not enough shape.
The Toll Free Helpline Number you can call for information or explanation on vaccination against COVID-19 is 1800-890-1191 Monday to Saturday 10 pm – Noon Sunday evening- 4 pm – 6 pm.
At the same time, more than 97 houses have been damaged and destroyed by the natural forces due to the heavy rains in the country.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, Prestone Tynsong, Second Chief Minister, said that so far, there has been no price hike for vehicles for the Governor and also for the Governor. The Chief Minister and now the government has set a price of T.40 lakh for the vehicles of the Governor and the Chief Minister.
We would like to congratulate Anderson Higher Secondary School for reaching the top 20 of the SSLC”.
Power tiller.
Chennai: Tamil Nadu Chief Minister MK Stalin today announced five promises of his government on the first day of his assumption of office as the Chief Minister of the state. , after the victory of the DMK, in the State Assembly elections.
The Second Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the MDC elections will go smoothly as announced on 27th June in KHADC and JHADC. “I have had a detailed phone conversation with the Joint Secretary of the Ministry of Home Affairs for this purpose,” he said. said Prestone.
In the 62nd minute, Rimankhraw Kharumnuid scored another goal for Meghalaya and Meghalaya won 4-0
Congratulating the participants of the tournament, the Chief Guest said that if the people allow the party to be in power again, they will try to create opportunities for the people. state sports by introducing specific policies for the youth.
“In the past few days, the farmers of Khanduli village have also suffered the burning of their houses in their fields and they have also been warned by the Karbi people who have disguised themselves,” said Yooshida Nongspung.
Speakers included the President of the Khasi Students Union, Bah Streamly.
Of course, it is not for us to talk about the progress or development of the country but to talk about the development of the country but to talk about it until we forget the origin and truth of this day is not meaningful.
Expressing that the running of the Medical College by the Government is a difficult task, the Minister said, “I have always said that the goal of the Government is to be a policy maker, looking after the governance of the country, the raising of funds, the construction of buildings and others and these are the areas that we have to look into.
He said that this money will be given to the Dorbar Shnongs so that they can use it for the needs of the assistants or those who are under quarantine in these places.
Regarding this Bill, the Governor has sent it back to the KHADC with a letter on 6th June 2019, for consideration. The Advisory Committee on Law and Traditional Affairs will not consider the Bill.
Speakers included HANM Vice President Artist Ryntathiang.
The information competition scheduled to be held on the 13th of this month has been postponed to the 19th at the same place and time, said a statement from Bah Kyrshan Marbaniang Genl.
“This cannot be done here in Meghalaya because it comes from outside the state,” said Deputy Commissioner Sanjay Goyal on Friday. just because you called the sangeh to die syiar.
Myanmar's head of government, Aung San Suu Kyi, who is the prime minister, has not commented on all these issues.
“One of the NPP leaders (who did not want to be named) said that in fact all these candidates who came to contest from the party have done well in the last three years. but for what cause the people rejected them.
When asked, he said that the residents of the state should not be misled by the Bengal Party's allegation against the AITC as spread by the opposition.
Of the 8 lakh acres of land planted in India, more than 4 lakh acres are in Assam.
In these days, various organizations have witnessed the arrest of drug users as well as those who sell drugs by smuggling and raiding around the area.
He used his new skills and talents in his teaching methods.
Nongstoiñ, July 22: The Nongstoiñ-Wahkaji road in Nongkynjang West Khasi Hills has been blocked by heavy rainfall. Vozrozhdenie Company of Russia has not yet completed the bridge of the Double Lane Road.
Shillong, July 17: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum, candidate of the VPP from North Shillong, on Tuesday urged the people to elect the Voice of the People Party (VPP) to liberate the state. who are foreign.
Shillong Lajong, the champions of the Meghalaya State League, started with a 10-0 victory over Lumdiengngan on Tuesday.
An employee who is honest in the financial sector is a person who can be trusted.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, today conducted an inspection and registration in the Metor area. ban on public gatherings of more than five persons within 2 kilometers around Motphran and Metor area.
It is very surprising that as soon as it rains, the electricity is turned off, as soon as it reaches 9pm, the electricity is turned off all night and it reaches 2pm every day. This was announced by Bah Shanbor Dhar, President of Umkiang Youth Association.
On the 22nd of this month, Don Bosco School in Guwahati was declared a lockdown after some students and teachers tested positive for covid
In 2017, Meghalaya managed to finish second in the tournament, while Arunachal finished last year.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Garod LSN Dykes said that there are three parts that all students should have and those are the foundation of their education, a good mindset. and a goal for their future.
International Buyer Seller Meets (IBSM) were held in collaboration with Indian Missions in other countries; with the active participation of business support groups, among others.
Those who violate this order by charging too much fare or carrying too much fare will be punished according to the rules of law.
We are establishing the National Research Foundation to initiate, promote and open up research in educational institutions.
We cannot do this because it is very important,” he said.
The women recorded the incident and posted it on social media.
He teaches righteousness in a word according to the teaching of our fathers.
Not only has it not been completed but the condition of the road has deteriorated steadily.
In his speech, Modi said Muslims should understand which political party is taking advantage of them.
Khanapara Police on receiving information about the incident rushed to the residence to retrieve the body in the presence of the relatives.
Bipin Kumar Ray took 3 wickets for 48 runs for Meghalaya, Abhishek Kumar took 2 wickets for 33 runs, Adarsh ​​Joshi took 2 wickets for 48 4ons and Sudhir Sahani took 1 wicket for 21 runs. .
The pain of her feelings is because she doesn't know what to do with this beloved husband; but he that destroyeth my beloved son.
On the other hand, Kong Lakyntiew Syiemlieh expressed her special thanks to the KSU for honoring her on that occasion. She also blessed the leaders of the party to continue to work hard in their work in the society as a whole.
The village received 2537kgs of rice and 276 liters of liquor.
After this, the CoMSO will announce other protests to force the government to implement the ILP.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad said, “The Entry-Exit Point is the body while the law will be the tool to implement to prevent the entry of foreigners”.
Police also turn the lyngkdongWhile they are bombed without any reasonGovernment Ministers, MLAs and officials Choose to turn the lyngkdongThey turn the lyngkdong from the problems, lack of jobsThey turn the lyngkdong from the shootings injuring peopleThey turned away from the crowd who were injured.
This gave Mawlai a 2-0 lead (overall) and this encouraged the team to move closer to the final.
Highlighting the importance of “Ek Bharat Shreshtha Bharat” launched by the Government of India, Pant said such an initiative would go a long way to strengthening relations and understanding between many states and countries. states and countries under the jurisdiction of the Central Government.
He said that the union suspects that there is a misuse of funds, as the members of the Management Committee of the schools which have received the funds from the government, have not been included in the implementation of the Public Implementation Committee of Mawshynrut C&RD Block.
Police are conducting investigation to identify other persons involved in the illegal activities.
In this article, the focus will be on mental health.
Here too, once a pylleng, with the signs of the shin, according to the request for the 10th Annual Kiew Pyneh Rngiew to be held on the 05th June
How much more to run the MCCL company which has already paid off.
It is learned that the robbers, who came in a Bolero, number ML-05-J-6398, have entered the shop, but have not been able to enter the shop. The driver of the truck was arrested and charged with illegal possession of firearms.
He said the BJP, UDP, PDF, HSPDP, NCP and Independent are part of the MDA government. “If the government doesn't blame one party or another, let the people judge and decide,” said the Dy Chief Minister.
Nongpoh: A group of casual workers at Nongpoh Civil Hospital, have vowed to stop working inside the hospital, after they have been treated badly by the government, because they have not received their salaries for 8 months. They went to work at the hospital.
Speaking at ITA Machkhowa, the AITC Leader strongly condemned the corrupt Government of Assam and said, “Go and ask the State Government what the Government has done for the people of Assam.
According to his understanding, those who have fled from Manipur are facing problems in Shillong.
On 17th November, the Met Counter-Terrorism Team said it had arrested a 56-year-old man from East London and a 28-year-old man from Canada from Heathrow Airport after he arrive by plane in the area.
When asked about the proposal to appoint MDCs from the unrepresented tribes, Bah Pynshngaiñlang N Syiem said that in his opinion, those tribes living in Meghalaya have been able to take part in the elections. MDC. How can we say that they cannot lead here in the Council when they have been able to participate in the elections, because the appointment of MDCs depends on the wisdom of the Government, the Governor and the MDCs who will be elected to appoint as the nominated MDC .A resident of West Garo Hills has filed a PIL in the Meghalaya High Court against the collapse of the PA Sangma Sports Complex in Tura. this bag.
Shillong, Naitung 24: Many headmasters of various schools are still surprised at the government's intention to take over the deficit schools which do not belong to any religion except religious schools.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Jowai Circle has said that it will not take a stronger path, said the President of the Jowai Circle, Samla Borntifulson Rupon.
It will take time to bring about changes but we will try and continue to focus on this sector with the goal of developing from the city to the rural areas.
This will be the 111th anniversary of the festival since it was first performed in June, 1911 at Weiking Square.
The State Government today announced the names of the Ministers and MLAs who will unfurl the tricolor flag on the Independence Day in the State.
On this occasion, the Chairman of the Dolloi said that the term of office of the Waheh Shnong of Mynsngat for (3) three years has been given according to the consent of the people of the village. to reduce or exceed this.
The Government has recently announced that the extension of the term of office of the GHADC to six months was due to a social agreement between the ANVC and the Central Government. Now.
The Almanac 2021 was launched by Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar President of KSU Sengkmie in the presence of Samla Pynskhemlang W.Uriah General Secretary of KSU Jaiaw Circle, Samla Wallam Nongsiej Vice President of Delhi Unit and members. in the Circle.
Furthermore, it is also at the same time that as young people we want to do something and show or express to the world that it is necessary now to have a preparedness or to protect the waters of the rivers because The time will come when these rivers in our area will be like the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi rivers in Shillong which have been cleaned up because of their pollution.
The Minister said that the Bureau of India Standards has been inspected by a third party to check the quality of these pipes before they reach the state.
Various programs and festivities will be held in the celebration, but in the midst of the festivities, the problems, sufferings and sorrows of the residents will continue and the State will fall into disrepair unless we resolve the issues. we eradicate corruption and eliminate murder and murder.
The water and soil have been sent to Uttar Pradesh.
Arpit Upadhyaya, Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, who is also the District Election Officer, while talking to media on 23rd June, said that the district has increased security forces in Block II. One of the MLAs of West Karbi Anglong, who has threatened not to allow the people of Block-2, to vote in this election in Meghalaya.
To want to be CM is easy but to carry the responsibility. Who dares to say “I can't” To make those who have already been sick with drinks “in Delhi Modi govt,. …in.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Pawan Sanchety, General Secretary of Vishva Hindu Parishad, Meghalaya, said that during the construction of the Ram Mandir in Ayodhya, water and soil were brought from the Myntdu River as part of the construction of the temple.
Nearly 800 athletes have benefited from the training and youth programs held in Ahmedabad (Gujarat), Assam, Dehradun (Uttarakhand), Karaikal (Tamil Nadu), Rajahmundry. (Andhra Pradesh) & Hyderabad (Andhra Pradesh) along with the provision of food items to more than 300 people and food for children.
No one was injured in the incident, except the driver of the truck, who sustained minor injuries and was taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for treatment.
“We are not born to commit crime, but reasons lead us on the path we are today.
Immediately after the incident, the Rangbah Shnong immediately informed the Nongpoh Police Station and the police rushed to the scene to investigate the incident. control the chaos.
“They were rescued from a small vehicle on Saturday night while they were being taken to Gujarat from Guwahati,” Inspector of Police Ratanmani Debbarma told reporters.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 12: U Bah Michael Thongni, General Secretary, HSPDP Nongstoiñ Area Unit, in a statement, has sent a statement to express his gratitude to all the supporters of the HSPDP, for their prayers. The party has been able to elect its candidate for the Nongstoin Constituency despite many difficulties.
“This is not new, religious extremists belonging to Hindu extremist groups have attacked minorities and Christians across the states.
The report also shows that cities like Delhi and Mumbai are the most polluted cities in the world, putting public health at risk.
Ed), who have scored 45% in Class XII, who have passed the Meghalaya Teachers Eligibility Test (MTET) so that it will not cause any problems in the future,” demanded the union.
Regarding the proposal to bring in Bah Auguster Jyrwa, as the leader of the youth, he said that he will meet with the new leader of the party on the issues of strengthening the party. party, especially young people.
The Speaker said that the Act East policy has opened up many opportunities for economic development in the North East and the states of the region should take advantage of this opportunity.
“As of now, ASF has not spread widely in Meghalaya, so the department is following the same guidelines as in Garo Hills, by closing the area to import animals. bring out".
Young people should understand that EPIC is not only to help them apply for Sim Card, Driving License or Bank Account and other requirements.
“At the same time, Bah Sawkmie urged the people not to delay their vote and insisted that all those who have EPIC should cast their vote on the 27th of June.
The turnout in the Jaintia District Council was in 23-Rymbai Khliehriat with 96.77% turnout, 5415 males and 5992 females. 11407 votes were cast.
In the 82nd minute, Lajong through Phrangki Buam scored the second goal for the team.
Now, after 50 years, the Khasikane Department of the college has grown and improved.
Coach Alison Kharsyntiew said the players are better now especially against Real Kashmir but the bad luck could not win.
The decision to set up its own Recruitment Board for Education and Health is to expedite the recruitment process and fill the vacancies more quickly.
Regarding Tirot Sing Syiem, besides the information collected in the past years, more and more information has been sought such as the family of the Hima Nongkhlaw from the lineage of Raja Kine. Sing and Kedro Manik Syiem and from other sources.
Speaking at the meeting, Conrad Sangma said that the merger of Bah PN Syiem is very important, in which the group of two political parties, will work together to serve him. Mawsynram and the State as a whole.
The 8th July 1938Read: – Petitions of the 10th April 1937 Nongmynsaw State From Smt.
These development works requested by the Deputy Commissioner include the construction of the Mawlasnai-Jatalong road which is about 2 km long which has been constructed under the RIDF scheme since 2015-2016 that the road has deteriorated and that the people have faced difficulties in coming and going due to the deterioration of the road.
He refused to join the BJP. “The RSS is not a political party but a social worker.
It is because of the excessive pursuit of life to earn money, the children have become like children without education, without anyone to talk to them, here many young people are deceived. They are quick to drag their friends into the shrip, especially when they have money in their hands.
Therefore, those who know or have contacts are requested to come forward.
KHLIEHRIAT: Four political parties in Jaintia Hills District, KSU-JHDU, JSM-CB, FKJGP and STIEH have strongly condemned the allegation of immorality by one of the police officers in charge of Ladrymbai Police Out Post. u H Khonglah to a woman who is a lawyer who has been released to the media in the past few days.
I don't know why politics in Meghalaya is so important, why? they shall not be ashamed of their glory.
Disparsing Rani, Leading RTI Seeker in Meghalaya, in a meeting with the media on Tuesday, said that MeECL has not been able to respond to the RTI request on this matter.
Audrey received her appointment letter from the Department of Post today as Gramin Dak Sevak-Assistant Branch Postmaster.
Shillong: Dr Fenella L Nonglait, a lawyer and former BJP president Ernest Mawrie and another, have been among the three candidates who have applied for the BJP ticket. to contest the MP election to the Lok Sabha from Shillong Parliamentary constituency.
Bah Sanbor said that there are places where there is a dispute between the two states and this leads to a power struggle between the two states.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 04: The two-day Lukha Festival organized by the Sonapyrdi Tourism and Economic Development Society (STEDS) has ended on Saturday.
The needs of the constituency can be addressed by various government departments as they have the right to do so.
There are also other groups who donate according to their ability.
The image-beast would do justice to what he said to her.
Shiva Pradhan (K1 Senior Men -51 kg).
On the other hand, the Mylliem MLA said that some of the candidates of the party have not lost completely but have lost only a little.
Lovers of pleasures rather than lovers of God: lovers of pleasures rather than lovers of God, lovers of pleasures rather than lovers of God; They don't read the Word of God, they don't pray, they spend time enjoying the world rather than seeking God in life.
Another Lympung exchanged views with fellow Punjabis and spoke in Punjabi to give their opinions in the Kur Dorbar.
Congratulations went to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, BJP President Amit Shah and BJP Assam President.
“Because of this, the dorbar has been canceled without any permission and the village has asked the Dolloi of the Elaka, Elios Swer and the JHADC authorities to look into these incidents especially because “It is election time, it may also be the reason for the involvement of politics from outside,” said an elder from Ladrymbai.
The two drug carriers also hid heroin in their bodies in their clothes and police recovered them from their bodies while Nitrazapam pills were seized. Police also seized two mobile phones and the vehicle they used.
Shillong, July 30: BSF troops on a tip-off from intelligence agencies conducted a raid and seized an attempt by smugglers to smuggle Phensedyl and sugar from the border to Myanmar. in Bangladesh.
In this state, almost all of us use mobile phones but one sad thing to say is that most of them don't know how to use them. Because we have seen with our own eyes that there are those who don't understand the use of mobile phones and spend many hours just talking or using mobile phones in the offices in the market. In the market or even on the streets, when you don't have time to talk about your work, doesn't it affect your work? It seems that it is used too widely without understanding.
Suïam has donated two tins to 20 poor families in Nongkhroh and 20 insecticide pumps to the farmers of Nongkhroh village through the Special Assistance Grant (SAG) scheme for the year 2020- 2021.
He said that this initiative taken by the government is not only aimed at promoting wine production, but also to benefit the farmers, tourists and entrepreneurs in the state.
In connection with the incident, police have arrested two members of KSU Mawprem Circle, Wankerlang Jyrwa (24) and Badonkupar Nongbri on suspicion of involvement in the incident. , in this case.
“This Act has misled the people of Meghalaya and should be declared completely unnecessary,” he added.
In this regard, nine civil society organizations, school children, parents and teachers today held a march and demanded that the police should punish the three robbers according to the law.
“If the Government cannot run itself, it will be happy because it has been running smoothly for 10 years,” he said. “It is not that the Government cannot run but it has another purpose. to the company, perhaps it may be for the benefit of someone but not for the benefit of the state.
The law was imposed after it was found that some people and private vehicles parked at the weigh bridge were involved in the theft of coal trucks from the weigh bridge. and resulting in loss of state revenue.
“Hek said that the Prime Minister Narendra Modi will win easily to form the government. The request to the people is why not waste your vote, anyone. Water is one of the most important things in human life and without water there is no I can't do anything.
Speaking at the closing ceremony, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh as the chief guest, praised the talent of the children who have shown their skills on this day, after 2 years of suspension due to He also urged the children to work hard on their skills so that they can reach the goal according to their skills, but as children Schools should not forget about education because it is an important tool in life and to go along with education along with the talents they have and encourage them to become young people who walk in dignity. and make good use of the talents you have.
The court also said that the office of the Rangbah Shnong should fall under the provisions of the Right to Information Act.
He is also a strong and independent man and does not keep to Himself what He wants to reveal.
Those who were Presbyterian Christians in the past used Khasi hymn books and Bibles, they were members of the Presbytery and the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod.
The elections have witnessed a change in the minds of the people within 48 hours before the vote and this is due to the power of money.
There are 257 cases in East Khasi Hills, 10 in West Khasi Hills, 7 in West Jaintia Hills, 9 in Ri Bhoi, 7 in West Garo Hills and
He said that as a state which has been in existence for 50 years, it needs a recruitment policy, so that it can provide assistance to those youth who apply for jobs and bring about a recruitment policy. Special Operating Precedence (SOPs) which will have a time limit to be set if there is a vacancy after six months the written test will be called followed by the announcement of the results and finally the appointment of those youths who was selected.
Isn't this the truth? The farmers have done only good deeds but the sad thing is why many of them have forgotten about it.
In the final match, Mawlai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School beat Seng Khasi College 4-2 in the final of the 2013 FIFA World Cup. on Thursday at Weiking Square, Jaiaw, Shillong.
Noting that the PDS is a scheme from the central government, and includes women to benefit, she said, “The decision of the Dorbar leaders has affected the rights of women. women to get food".
He said about 20 police officers came to his residence.
Your troubles are great.
Speaking on the occasion, Momin said that Dr. Tariang has a lot of skills in the field of public service especially in the field of health.
There was a heavy fight in the house and when the husband tried to cut the jyntah dohblang, he lodged a complaint with the police by calling
Shillong: U Maitshaphrang Marweiñ, 27, of Shillong, has been arrested on the night of 15th June 2021 at 11:20 pm. Merrickson Shylla, 29, resident of Malki Khliehshnong, was arrested on Wednesday morning. Village Headman.
At the same time, the Symbud Myntri said that this year the government has upgraded five government Higher Secondary Schools across the state.
When asked whether the policemen fled for fear of death and lack of people or because they did not receive orders from the authorities to bomb. and shot at the Karbis who were trying to kill them and the people at the border.
However, when asked when the Government plans to complete the GSWSS Phase-III and start distributing water, the Minister said that as soon as possible, we will strive to complete it, but we cannot set a time limit. this project will still take time.
They also alleged that doctors who have just been trained have been employed to treat and prescribe medicines and this puts at risk the patients as the doctors are not yet skilled.
Three children were injured in an earthquake in Mawlai Umthlong.
The G7 countries have agreed to spend 20 million euros ($22m) to immediately extinguish the fires in the Amazon rainforest.
Speaking at the meeting, Suchiang said that Integrated Check Posts (ICPs) will be opened in Shella and Borsora in South West Khasi Hills.
Only they went down to the west to settle.
The HNLC congratulates all the various political parties and organizations of Hynniewtree or those known as the Sons of Thousands of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum.
It is learned that many people have eaten this tit but others have not but only these four people have become ill.
Regarding the success of the KHADC Court, the speakers on the occasion said that all the success of the KHADC Court, is due to the hard work of Bah Balajied Rani, for he that hath not known the truth shall not be able to do it, until he hath done it.
Although many wickets were lost, Pynïerlang Shangdier was the only one to tied 47 runs off 33 balls (4 fours and 4 sixes).
Similarly, many Khasi women are too easy to rape men from other ethnic groups.
UDP candidate Bah Polestar Nongsiej has won the first election and speaking at the election campaign he said that if he wins he will become an MLA of the people and will not challenge the appointment of the people. but he shall allow it to be free and pure.
HH MohrmenThis is an issue that many people still need to get more clarity on and after seeing the statement from the Chairman of the Legislative Assembly regarding the NGT order, I would like to to put the facts as they are.
Assam has recorded a rapid increase in the number of coronavirus cases with 182 new cases reported today.
He said that the presence of any school shows the progress of development.
“If you look at the BJP's promise to set up an inquiry into all the allegations of corruption in the state, it has promised to give a place to the Khasi language in the fourth constitution of the country. Look at the promise to provide peace to the people of the state who live in the border areas and many other promises and we want to say that these promises must be fulfilled because they are no longer the demands of the Bhalang but the promise “What the parties have made and because the people have won these promises you have made, we will continue to remind you for five years,” he said.
Replying to this, the Minister of Law, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh said, “All these benefits given to Justices and Judges are laid down by the Act of Parliament.
The Seng also urges the Government to provide and maintain food items in the city and in the countryside, as we don't want to cause tragedy in the famine.
The body was shifted to the Civil Hospital, Shillong and after the PM report, the body was shifted to the morgue of the hospital for identification and collection.
This comes after the team scored a 3-0 victory against Changchun Yatai in the 10th round of the tournament.
Shillong, March 21: The Union of Village Authorities of Shilliang, Umkhen, which includes 16 villages in its meeting held on the 17th of this month, has strongly supported and joined the call of the Union. The Village Authorities of Bri u Hynniewtrep District will attend the procession on the 30th March 2015 at Lower Lachumier near the DIPR office at 11:00 pm.
“In fact, the people want us to lead the government but when we look at the results, all the ethnic parties won only 19 seats,” said Bah Metbah.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, a UDP leader said that the exposure of the allegations of involvement of politicians and insurgents is a very serious matter as it affects the state as a whole.
Israel still requires citizens to wear masks in public places and then in crowded places, inside their homes or rooms.
Most of the deaths were in the United States, Spain and Italy.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today welcomed back the football stars of the state including Shanborlang Marbaniang, Iarapborsing Kharbani and Elbin Rani who brought glory to the state at the They were invited to participate in the Professional Boxing Tournament held in Gujarat.
In Gujarat, the BJP claims to be the hometown of Narendra Modi and Amit Shah.
“This behavior of these factories has destroyed the income of the state truck owners and the JHTOA has decided that these factories should stop buying vehicles so that it will not affect the income of the state truck owners,” he said. Nehemiah.
“The government should understand and know this because what is needed is that the teachers should get adequate training to give back to the children,” he said.
On the other hand, the MLA praised the achievement of this goal through the initiative of these two teams. children shall walk in that path and follow it as it is.
Two suspects have been arrested by the police from Rymbai Road, East Jaintia Hills, while one of the suspects has surrendered to the police on 9th July. .
Hek also denied that the Indian government would remove all the provisions of the Sixth Schedule from the state if it implements the ILP. the Government of India.
The Minister made this announcement after opening a meeting of the Brahmaputra Board in Shillong.
The Meghalaya State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights works to ensure that children have the rights and welfare of children.
The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) said that a strong cyclone is expected to hit near Jakhau Port.
Individuals, whether male or female, or a group of people, are not masters and creation is not their responsibility to do whatever they want, but God has given humans the right to be Sordars. with the great responsibility of preserving, preserving and preserving the creation-making heritage from generation to generation.
During the programme, the public had the opportunity to see the training methods in the event of an earthquake.
This is the house of Kong Lawaniar Kharmalong, which has been given to another family and part of the house is a place where old items are collected.
Two architects, one executive engineer, two assistant engineers and two town planning officers have been appointed.
“Dr Ampareen knows that the Congress has never worked with the BJP but Dr Ampareen and four others are still working with the BJP. I don't know what the Congress is doing.
Therefore, the winners should not be proud but should work harder and the losers should not be discouraged when they are defeated or do not reach the goal they want but should work hard and exercise manla. period.
He said that he knows well the characteristics of the people of this state that they are smart and hardworking people and they are also people who have many talents. Meghalaya is the poorest state in India.
“Are the other people from Bangladesh or Kazakhstan?” he asked.
“My mother told me not to take the money that belongs to the people of Mylliem to build a house.
About 150 bags of the money were seized and taken to the State Bank of India, Bolangir.
In West Khasi Hills, 5 cases, Ribhoi 46, West Jaintia Hills 14, East Jaintia Hills 16, West Garo Hills 16 and South West Garo Hills
The campaign of political parties for the Lok Sabha elections has ended on the 17th of this month at 4 pm, with the next 48 hours being hours of struggle. to go to the polling on the 19th of this month.
The Dorbar Shnongs have a very important responsibility.
Process said the DCA Minister is also a long time MDC in the KHADC and knows well the Rules and Regulations of the Council and his statement to restructure the constituencies is correct.
The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) (RDA) has been the umbrella of the ethnic parties to work hard to win the candidate Robertjune Kharjahrin from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
The deterioration of this road from Bhoirymbong to Kyrdem Village and other parts of the road such as the connector from Nongthymmai to Mawbeiñ and the road from Kyrdem to Khyndewso is also a road that needs to be repaired and improved, but so far the state government through the PWD department has not been able to repair or improve these public roads.
The Rs 100 crore includes more than Rs 81 lakh from coal revenue and more than Rs 16 lakh from other mineral revenues including coal.
It can be said that football in the state especially in the nation has been a long-standing sport since ancient times.
There they will grow and develop the Khasi duplicate... While the remaining children are from the Dkhar mother and the Dkhar mother...as you say, the children born from the Khasi male and the Dkhar mother are Khasi duplicates. Dkhar fathers are the original Khasi???
According to information received from the mother of (L) Tyngshainlang L.Marshillong, the deceased was a drunkard and had been missing for several days since November 2,
Nongpoh, June 27: A strong storm has struck many villages in Ri-Bhoi District this morning and many households have been affected by the storm and Umwang village is one of them. The village was severely affected by the storm.
I can say that, even if the United States, Britain and other wealthy countries come to invest and try to help develop the economy in our country and nation, we are not equal never if we cannot understand this one fact that it is not something outside that needs to change but it is something inside us that needs to change.
A scooty driver has escaped death after his scooty was hit by an oncoming truck.
After a few years of raising them, these snow-covered ksew, bite the farmers until they have lost their bodies and carried away tens of thousands of them. There is a snowstorm in the land of Hynniewtrep.
Those who passed the DSC examination today held a protest at Nongthymmai Bridge.
He said that these days the discussion on the District Council has not ended only in Shillong but has reached the villages and even in Lum Garo. even more than the speech to US President Barack Obama.
Out of these three clusters, 308 SHGs and 20 Village Organizations have participated and the aim is to improve the working methods of SHGs and VOs.
In a statement, the Secretary of the Seng Khasi 12 Mer also criticized Minister MB Kharlukhi and said that he was the leader of the people on that day.
So when you know how to sum, should you wear your own clothes or where will you send them? Quarantine is not a place to play games all day, but a place to work together for the prevention of the disease.
He said that many of the people who attacked in the area were drunk.
According to Ampareen, the total price of soh niamtra is about T.50 lakh.
Ma Syngkon said that the robbers have used this photograph as a weapon against him by spreading it on social media.
“God is always with the people who are being oppressed.” The book of Exodus tells of a group of slaves who left Egypt.
The Minister said that although there are strict laws like the PIT NDPS Act 1988, it has not been implemented in the state due to the lack of an Advisory Board.
The arrested man was identified as Manas Joshi, resident of Dispur, Guwahati and owner of M Star Company in Guwahati.
Regarding the awarding ceremony, the NPP leaders said that the party is pleased that the MLA from the party has been included in the list of Ministers in the present MDA government. He is the only MLA from Ri Bhoi, who is on the list of Ministers.
He said that the students of the state have received the order on the 24th to register for the test.
Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Congress MLA/MDC from Mylliem Constituency and Leader of the Opposition in the State Legislative Assembly, said that the Congress's visit to the National People's Party (NPP) (NPP) in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) is to protect the people from the administrator's rule within the Council.
Shillong: The Congress MLA from Rymbrai-Jyrngam, Bah Kimfa Marbaniang, on Tuesday said that the decision of the Congress MLAs whether to contest the 2023 elections from the Congress party will be in the hands of their supporters. .
Khliehriat, Jymmang 30: The Meghalaya AIDS Control Society (AIDS) in collaboration with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Shillong, in collaboration with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Shillong, has launched a campaign to promote health. , East Jaintia Hills District, will conduct a public awareness campaign or health awareness campaign.
The incident came to light after the team checked the passport, where the picture of Boxer was found to have been written in many names.
The parents also work hard, rejoice and live together on the same basis of righteousness, morality and humanity.
Jowai, Nailur 22 : The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District has urged and encouraged the students of the district to take the opportunity to apply for scholarships under the schemes of the Mahatma Gandhi University Scholarship Scheme (Bapuji Chatravritti), Prime. Minister’s Scholarship Scheme (PMSS) and the National Scholarship Portal for the academic year 2022-2023.
She also spoke on the production according to the demand of meat in the state which is a strong meat consuming state.
New Delhi: The Supreme Court today directed the government to clarify the measures taken to rescue the 15 coal miners who have been abducted since 13th November
Some of the residents, who did not want to be named, said that they have to stand in line for many hours to get medicine from the hospital.
In the meeting of the 25 employees of the Toll Plaza, which was accompanied by the leaders of the HNYF, Northern Region, they discussed the sudden expulsion from the workplace and took also the decision to stand firm for their rights.
By this is meant that flying squads will be aware of the area that has been trespassed, and photographs taken by locals can be used as evidence in court.
The meeting was welcomed by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma along with the Governors of the North East.
Besides her achievements in the sport and in this sport, Pooja also won a silver medal in the high jump after completing the competition with the ability to Bushra Khan won the silver medal in the 3000m event.
He said he expressed his gratitude for this and promised to provide support from the government.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya should respect the people of Garo Hills and Khasi Jaintia Hills.
The ABVP Shillong demands an impartial inquiry into this incident,” said the Jt Secretary of the ABVP. The RBYWO has sent a complaint to the Deputy. Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District on the loss of local suppliers to supply food to the leaders for the Lok Sabha elections
god bless u n al d member of ur family...ur.
He said that the BJP will not be willing to bring Modi to the places where the people are poor because it will deceive them.
Joplin Shylla, said that almost every time and every day there is rape of women and therefore the Government when it sees such cases should take action by taking strong action against the robbers. who is involved in these activities.
Mawsynram MLA HM Shangpliang has reportedly joined the BJP to contest the 2023 elections.
It's a shisha poem without a strong meaning.
Bah Monarch ShabongThe pages of the newspapers, are filled from time to time, through the news of the teachers and in these days they have started to fill again, where it has been seen that the teachers Deficit, teachers Lower Primary, and then Adhoc teachers, come out to show their own problems.
Shillong, Naitung 05 : The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today met with the Chief Executive Members and various civil society groups to discuss the implementation of the UCC (Uniform Civil Code) across the country. .
Shillong, November 06: The Men's and Women's Basketball Teams of the State under the banner of the Meghalaya Basketball Association (MLA) have won the final match of the 73rd Senior National Basketball Championship held at Ludhiana. , Punjab.
The road in Tongsneg, especially the bridge, has been destroyed and the road has been damaged. The bridge has been damaged and the road has been damaged. only with large potholes that pose problems and hazards to traffic.
Liverpool beat Liverpool 4-0 in the second half with goals scored by Divock Origi in the 7th and 79th minutes and Georgino Wilnaldum in the 54th minute. and the 56th.
"Over the last 50 years, if there have been any success stories in the field of wrestling in the State, it has been the achievements and hard work of individuals and groups of various citizens.
The police who are investigating will be able to explain.
In the dark times of the past years, once again the Covid-19 pandemic has threatened to return as people have isolated themselves from the spread of the disease while the disease has been on the rise in neighboring countries in recent months. .
They also recalled the report of the Veerapa Moily Committee which approved to abolish the District Council.
Shillong: U Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik, on Tuesday told the Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO), that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma will invite him to Delhi to meet the Central Government to demand the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state. Robertjune Kharjahrin after they came to meet him.
There has been talk that the mid-term elections in Tura will be a turning point to decide whether the NPP will continue to rise or fall after the death of PA Sangma.
She has trained herself by participating in various CNE programs conducted at the national, state and district levels.
Besides, it was also found that not only are there 20-30 people living in small rooms, but they have also turned this area into a slum area and a refugee camp. place nearby.
Of these, 4 are BSF personnel, 2 are Air Force personnel and one has recovered from a wedding ceremony in Khanapara. Covid -19 in the state.
Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla on Saturday donated Rs 10 lakh to the Niriang Catholic Church for the construction of a gallery for church services, office and mini conference room of the church.
The CEM said that this will be of great help and benefit to the employees who are facing difficulties in getting money for treatment.
The incident happened on the 27th of March at Nongthymmai-Neng, Lyngiong, a village on the road to Tyrsad.
There are many children who need help.
Jowai, Nailar 02: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Nartiang Circle today submitted a petition to the District Medical and Health Officer of West Jaintia Hills, Dr. KC Ajar. In this regard, the union urges the Head of Health Department of the District to take immediate action. By providing doctors at Nartiang PHC in the coming days so that the patients can get proper treatment.
However, their preparation has progressed and the leaders who intend to contest from the BJP in these three constituencies are also fully qualified in terms of knowledge, understanding and experience. life.
In total, the total number of vacancies at NEIGRIHMS is
They can now be seen all over the country like Langpih, Ri Bhoi, Shillong, and in the coal mines in the Jaintia Hills.
Nongpoh: Taking into account the problems faced by many of the citizens, who have found it difficult to withdraw money from banks, some of the leaders of the RBYF Umsning, who met with the Branch Manager of Meghalaya Rural Bank, to demand that he should set up an ATM in Umsning.
Although this Center is still part of the Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare; however, it now falls under the jurisdiction of the Directorate Food Processing and the Assistant Director of Horticulture.
Fr.Bianchi went to meet Fr.Pio and as soon as he opened the door Fr.Pio said, “Father Bianchi, you have come from far away to meet me,” he said to the Bishops of you should not be afraid and they should stay where they are, they should not be afraid,” said Fr. Roland.
Lal Thanhawla called on the people to seek the strength from God through prayers to repeal the CAA and the Uniform Civil Code. the Government of India, has decided to implement.
It is necessary for the government to withdraw the CRPF from the Metor area to ensure the freedom of movement of the Hynniewtrep people in this area.
She also expressed her regret over the decision of the High Court issued on 13th July in WA No.2 of 2015 regarding the functioning of Rangbah Shnongs in the state.
The incident occurred at 8:30 pm last night when a wooden house collapsed, including agricultural products and the damage was severe.
Therefore, it is time for the government to think of ways to find permanent solutions to the problem of teachers.
I am very surprised how the Presbyterian pastors condemn the righteous actions of this young man. the Pharisee is a hypocrite or the pastor is rich.
They don't understand, how can we say that?
“The spending of insurgent groups in the state is not for any reason but mainly for the lack of access to weapons.
They have set a deadline for the relevant authorities to respond within the 10th and if they do not respond, they will hold a meeting on the 9th to take another decision on the matter.
This is also the highest number of cases in India so far.
Not only that, if the government cannot provide only the share of the 60 MLAs, the government should also take the opportunity to cut a little bit of the income of the rich people in our state to support them. Those who are in need have contributed to the special fund to help the needy.
However, even after this announcement, there are still many people who violate this rule and this has prompted the DM of Ri Bhoi, to violate other rules or to fine those who violate this rule. streets without masks.
“However, the party will not remain silent but will continue to monitor this and will urge the Ribhoi District Police to work hard to protect the Khasi people,” he said.
He also made it clear that the Syiem and his Dorbar should not allow any party to interfere in the market lest there be trouble.
In just 24 hours, 738 people have died in Spain and 602 in Italy.
The Government has tried to eradicate the evils of drug abuse and others through various schemes and the Nasha Mukt Bharat Abhiyan is one of the goals that the Government of India has fought as much as possible to eradicate this scourge. "It's not bad," said Kong Synnah.
Ma Sniawbha said that at present it is not clear which of these companies can implement this joint venture with the State Government.
In the evening of the same day, the leaders of the group met with the district police chief and informed the drivers at Khyndailad that the police have already arrested these four persons. and that they also saw their images.
According to sources, Rituraj Sinha, General Secretary of the BJP from Delhi on 3rd June 2023 at the party headquarters in Shillong, will meet with the office bearers of the BJP Meghalaya, the candidates contesting for the election. In the last MLA elections, they expressed their desire for Bah HM Shangpliang to be the party's candidate for the Lok Sabha MP elections in
He said that it is unfortunate that only the 10 kilometer road which is also a town road has had to be challenged by the Sengbhalang.
MeECL has also been authorized to cut off the electricity supply if the consumers do not pay, he added.
Shillong: The death toll from Covid-19 in Meghalaya has risen to 51 so far, the Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today.
Food Rights Chem i.
Muller stressed that digital connectivity is essential to ensure the smooth running of key connectivity infrastructure, including the Transport Management System, Traffic Montoring and Control. and communication between the driver and passengers.
She also imposed a puhshilum in Them Bijoy but because they were only able to do so, she threatened that if the people do not leave the area.
The announcement was made on Myawaddy television this morning.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the Association of Trained Teachers, Bah Kiewsha Phrang Thabah, said that there are about 300 teachers who have trained themselves in the field of teaching in the course. in 2012, and these 300 teachers are the first teachers to be trained in the new course.
“We have the right to come here as elected by the Kur and to discuss the issues of Hima Hima,” said Minister Kharkongor.
One person, who used to travel to the UK, has been infected in West Bengal and there are now two cases in the state.
Even if you’re willing to pay three times the market rate, landlords don’t necessarily want to give.
In addition to these issues, many other challenges and difficulties have arisen.
“We don't want our leaders to mislead the people.
The MDCs in KHADC except for a few are happy with the EC of Bah Titos, the reasons are outside the KHADC. following are the reasons:-1.
She also alleged that the KSU members shot these people from Assam.
The match tomorrow 11th will be between Mukhla Evergreen SC and Mukhla Raij SC at 2 pm.
Through this meeting, they also decided to hold a General Meeting of the supporters in the coming days, to confirm the candidate whom the synrop will nominate or support any candidate in the election. this coming election.
He said that most of the time the state lags behind in such sports but he urged the athletes to continue to work hard so that they can win medals to bring fame and glory. of the state.
In the Navajo Indian village between New Mexico and Arizona, uranium mining and processing was immediately suspended on April 29,
In this regard, it is necessary for an investigation by government teams,” said Majhi.
Interestingly, the YHAI-Meghalaya state branch conducts trekking programs along with other programs in the state, so that the residents of the state and especially those who come from abroad can learn about the beauty of the nature in Khasi-Jaintia. and teaches how people should manage the natural resources given by God the Creator.
This peace can only be achieved if a Khasi is appointed as the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi.
Brigh Future SSCC Mairang beat Ïawpaw Football Club 5-0 in the opening match of the tournament. Jamhun Ryntathiang scored 3 goals, Airi Khongsit 1 goal and Julita Nongbri 1 goal for Brigh Future SSCC.
“The objective of World Post Day is to raise awareness of the contribution of the Post to employment, income generation and development of the country,” he said.
In the final match, H. Elias HSS beat BKSP Bangladesh 1-0 at the Ambedkar Stadium in Delhi.
According to a statement from the DCP (Crime), Dimapur, police also seized three ar shaka and a vehicle with registration number AS 12P These robbers used them in their evil deeds.
Nangbah Mulang took the lead first through Woldrick Susngi in the 48th minute followed by Albert Lyngdoh in the 53rd minute.
The Estimate Committee will visit all the District Head Quarters and Garo Hills.
The bus was heading to Agartala from Guwahati.
This is not the case with the government.
Bah Monarch Shabong The BJP candidate's speech, when listened to, has been very strong, in which he has threatened to commit suicide if the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) is implemented. bring about a different opinion of the voters, on the polling day, which is considered to be a day free from any coercion or intimidation of the voters.
The opposition to the proposal to set up the dewbilat factory is also on the grounds of the impact on the environment as well as on plants, wildlife and especially on human beings.
So it is necessary for a person to confess first.
For this is the will of my Father, that every one which seeth the Son, and believeth on him, should have everlasting life: and I will raise him up at the last day" John 6:38-4
Protects against inflammation-: Phan is very effective in reducing inflammation in both the internal and external parts of the body.
coal from the state has been in the market for 4 years now without any restrictions on any power.
He said that the party has also found many NGOs which take in the name of the disabled to operate but have not done anything for the disabled since the CM implemented the Act. Persons With Disabilities (PWD) Act 1995.
There is a story to remember that there was a man who came to be born in a household that relied on his brother-in-law to do everything. the bad day.
Shillong, Naitung 08: The Assistant Commissioner of the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) on Friday found that the meat shops and the manner of storing them at Polo Market were unclean. It is not appointed by the Shillong Municipal Board.
The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has passed the Village and Town Development Council Bill 2023 in its special session held on Tuesday.
The letter was signed by the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) spokesperson to express his gratitude to the Congress for the great work done by the Congress party in opposing the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP). law that is confusing and put in doubt.
Speaking to reporters after meeting with BJP leaders in the city today, Alphons said he will meet with the Archbishop this evening, Presbyterian Pastors and other leaders. of religions.
The students also carried placards with the slogan, “Dih Duma, I feel like an actor but I don't know that I'm a Tor”. The actress, however, did not know whether she was injured or not, and shouted, “No to Tobacco Yes to Hell”.
But these are not the stories in the book of Hosea and the book of Hosea is about Love.
“As of now, these courts are not authorized and have not been appointed to hear cases. The Government wants these courts in the district and sub divisions to work so that they can ai benefit".
“What is surprising is that when the public or school children go to Star Cement or any other company in Narpuh to ask for assistance, they immediately send a letter to the Association of cement company.
Five people, including a child, have been killed in an explosion at the LG Polymers plant in Visakhapatnam.
The first 15 selected candidates will leave the state on 30th March.
Other government offices in Nongstoin such as Horticulture, AH&Veterinary, Education, Soil Conservation, Sericulture and others have not turned their attention to this poor village which is still in dire need of help.
They also demanded that the Central Government should stop the construction of dams at Saskang, Dibang and Kantangshiri in Arunachal Pradesh, Kulsi/Khri and Umiam Dam on the Meghalaya-Assam border and should build mini dams. hydel dam, solar and wind energy to generate electricity.
During the raid, the VDPs learned that Bisapih Kramsa is an illegal drug dealer in the village.
According to these students, their examination was supposed to be held in June but it was postponed to July from July to November and so on. They have scheduled to conduct the Mental Test or Written Test on 28th November 2021 but they have not yet conducted the Mental Test or the written test. by Agneepath scheme.
He said the AITC is not the leading party in the fight against the NPP as the party has no base in Meghalaya.
There are also songs in which the composers describe Heaven in colours.
“Many of the development projects have been brought about by the Congress party, under the rule of the BJP, it has not been able to manage the financial situation and the BJP party has benefited from the projects done by the BJP. Congress party in the past 10 years,” he said.
“We have met twice with the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma and once with the Social Welfare Minister Kyrmen Shylla, who have asked us to release them, but they have not believed us,” said Starwin.
He said that there will always be opponents in the demarcation process as in the first phase, but the governments of Meghalaya and Assam have decided to move forward with the demarcation process in order to bring peace in the future.
The Sports Ministry's top achievements for 2022 are as follows:India's best performance in international tournaments: The Indian team ended its Birmingham Commonwealth Games campaign in the top position 4th with 61 medals including 22 gold medals.
Donbok Dkhar said the HITO will meet the State President of the BJP to submit a petition demanding an investigation by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) and the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) against them. especially in relation to the smuggling of coal.
The players of ïewrynghep Sec.School will continue their journey in the semi final against Umphyrnai Presbyterian School and the match will be played tomorrow, the 29th, at Madan Heh, Mawlai at 11 o'clock in the morning.
He added that if they are misled, they feel that there is still time for you to turn around, but if it is your own will, know that the story of the bsein is not the same. syaid and puh turn, I can't come to you.
While all the villages and townships, the community has been fighting against the presence of alcohol in the villages because when alcohol is present in the village it often causes many problems even to the point of murder.
The issues discussed at this meeting were to understand the situation and to assess the progress of the Government of Meghalaya in child development, education, self-employment and employment opportunities.
They said that if the government does not take action against the Assam police who shot and killed, the leaders of the party will continue to protest.
Applications will be screened by the Regional Transport Authority and the list of selected candidates will be posted on the notice board of the office of the Regional Transport Officer, Jowai.
He said that if the rainfall continues, it will be necessary to release the dam and those who live below the Umiam Dam, have been ordered not to turn to the dam, because the water it may rise suddenly, when the water is released from the pool of Umiam.
The evening was enriched by the performance of the song 'Ei Prithvi ek Krirangan' along with traditional dances of Assamese, Khasi, Garo and the performance of Tikhor of SAG.
This writer called Syiem Latho's mobile phone, but his mobile phone did not work at all and thus, he could not be reached.
The Seng expresses its deep sorrow regarding the poor construction of this road as it is a very important road for the people of the Diengïei Area which includes many villages like Mawmih, Diengïei, Mawlyndep and other villages through which this road passes from Mawmaram, Nongthliew, Umthlong to Lad Umsaw where they carry their produce.
The medical team was on standby," the statement added.
However, when she reached the shop, Prodipta forced the KHADC police and did not allow them to close the shop and did not leave the shop. into".
These colleges are for poor students from rural areas.
This mixture is called Bordeaux Mixture. Harvesting of tympew starts about three or four months after planting, the lower leaves are harvested first, about two to four leaves from each stalk. , and in the rainy season about four to six leaves.
Many are journalists and write against the actions, speeches, policies of governments and politicians.
Employees of the Directorate of Mineral Resources (DMR), located at Zero Point Riangdo, West Khasi Hills District, on Tuesday evening at about 6:00 pm, seized 13 illegal drugs. coal trucks along with phony trucks.
Police have taken over the case and in a short period of time, they have arrested one of the suspects, who is from Assam. This is a small child, without having to pay anything.
Regarding the allegation that he cheated the people, Purno said, “I have never made a cheating promise, I have done many things during my tenure as Chief Minister, I have allocated money for the road. from Rongram to Chibinang and then to Dadenggre, I have done very well for this area that too I have done without the need of the people to demand, I have done things that I have not received even a single memorandum from “I have never heard of that bridge, it is just an unfounded allegation made by the protesters,” said Purno.
May the living God through Jesus Christ, and the Holy Spirit, empower me and you to hold this greatest power, to make us human beings precious in the sight of God. May God bless and strengthen us all, that we may live and walk in peace every day, for the glory of Him. AMEN.
Only one remember:“We live in other daysWhat shall we do for the sake of the country”Soso Tham“Renowned by good deedsDon't be renowned by bad deeds”La kut.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has praised Star Cement for this initiative to help the families affected by the natural disaster. damage to houses, roads, bridges, public places and schools as well.
Shillong, July 14: A 21-year-old member of the ASAK (former GNLA) Area Commander Southern, Dimshrang M Sangma alias Nawal M Sangma, 21, has been arrested. DIG SHQ BSF in Tura today with a 9mm pistol, two magazines and 8 9mm bullets, one wireless set, one mobile phone and two SIM cards. that letter demanding money.
I was questioned because there was no implementation.
The Assam police not only disrupt development works, but also harass the people by beating and bombing, threatening and torturing them without any reason.
The incident happened at Umkrem Dyngkhong village, Nongrim Jirang area of ​​Ri-Bhoi district on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
Deibormi Toi, President Elect, Rtn.
Thus, ignorance of the word that God has spoken will be a great danger.
Ramesh Dkhar, along with I Love You Talang, was arrested on charges of killing taxi drivers Damehipaia Papeng and Fullmoon Kharsahnoh in July in Jowai.
How did these Garo peoples get their heads and settle in the land of Hynniewtrep (Khasi & Jaintia)? They have asked and received permission from the Syiems, Sordars, Doloi and other Hima Sima rulers or they have illegally invaded the villages without permission from the Hynniew-Trep Hima rulers.
During the search, the BSF found the cows and seized the truck.
Ebtekar's illness was not serious and she did not go to hospital.
If it happens or has begun to happen, then it is a danger for us to be slaves forever.
Shillong: A Home Guard Police has lodged a complaint with the Police that on 25th June at 3 pm while driving in Mawlai area, a commercial taxi (ML-05R). 1216 violated the traffic rules and this happened at Mawlai Umthlong.
“The police have to be vigilant and should not take sting and allow anyone to disrupt the peace and order.
He said that the Sajer Committee apologizes to the children of thousands of Raids of the Nongpoh Sirdarship Elaka and also to the people of Hynniewtrep, the invitees who came to witness the ceremony. At present, they have to suspend for these reasons.
As India's economy continues to grow and India becomes more powerful, the country's electricity demand will also increase.
Speaking at a public meeting in Rawalpindi, Ahmed said this is the best time to fight for the liberation of the people of Kashmir and said the current war is against India. , it will be the last battle.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has expressed his regret in the House on the allegation that the Prime Minister has banned the Khasi language from being included in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
The appointment of the Chairman, Directors and Chief Vigilance Officer is against NEEPCO, HQ, Shillong but from 2020, the Chairman, Directors and Chief Vigilance Officer will be operating from Guwahati. violation of the Establishment Rules.
However, the truth is that none of them will dare to sacrifice one's life for the sake of the country, as this great man of ours has done.
Earlier, the Chief Guest also awarded medals to four members of the Civil Defense and Home Guard Departments and distributed the Director General Civil Defense Certificate, MHA, New Delhi 2022 to 12 others.
On the 11th of this month, the Seng Khihlang has held an emergency meeting to discuss this issue to discuss the interpretation of the Christian religions on the customs and traditions of the traditional religions since the beginning of the century. time before.
States and ULBs have been advised to join hands with dewbilat factories or other industries to ensure that some plastic waste is converted into power generation sources for these factories or the use of these waste plastic to build roads.
