In Ri Bhoi, there are 6 cases including 1 high risk, 3 ILI cases and 2 policemen.
According to him, the Governments are ready to hold peace talks even outside Meghalaya.
In the village there is an Asha who works well to help in the field of health.
The Director of NEIGRIHMS, Prof. (Dr.) DM Thappa praised the work of the Department under the skillful leadership of Prof. (Dr.) Borgohain.
When I saw this, I smiled and couldn't understand.
The budget for this mission is T.1,40,881 crore and is further supported through tied grants of the 15th Finance Commission, of which 60% has been reserved for water and sanitation. cleanliness in villages worth T 1.42 lakh crore.
He made this announcement at the registration meeting of the Nartiang Block Congress Committee at Mission Community Hall, Namdong.
In another match of the BCCI's Senior Women's T20 Trophy played at Vadodara, Meghalaya lost to Pondichery by 77 runs.
Dathrang Pariat scored 62 runs while Kunemiki Lato scored 40 runs.
He said it was not an easy job and he understood how much self-confidence he had, because he himself was the headmaster of his father's school.
However, the traffic jam is now all around Shillong and it lasts all day long.
They came from Mawthylliang.
With this victory, Lajong are now in the fourth position of the table.
The police department urges the people or traders to provide information and cooperate to arrest and punish all those involved. According to the provisions of the Act.
As the village where Lei Ryngkew U Lei Basa who is still alive is still in charge of this village, the appearance of 10-12 households of the Seng Khasi to hold this shad ainguh ai dem, can be said that it is This is a great act of bravery and encouragement to other branches of the Seng Khasi.
Adding on this issue, he said that the main reason is that there is a mistake that the youth have not been given vocational training so that they can stand on their own feet. foot.
They were both day laborers in a mine.
Nongpoh, Nailar, 09: The Hima Mylliem on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) alleging that the Hima Mylliem has violated the customs and traditions of the Hima Mylliem. Raid Bhoilasa, Ri Bhoi District, by forcibly appointing a Raid Lyngdoh without the approval of the Raid and the Kur Lyngdoh which is the Kur which can elect the full Lyngdoh according to the decision of the Kur Lyngdoh.
The KSU has protested against the plan to hold a public hearing by the district authorities and the PWD department on the 29th of this month at Mawpat Umdohlun.
AB Warjri, Rangbah Shnong Nongdewsaw, said that the Dorbar Shnong has received a scheme through JICA for the planting of trees in the forests. There is a lack of land for the planting of trees to preserve the environment.
However, there are still farmers in some areas who are still trying to cultivate this plant.
Process's apology came after the CAB, which the BJP had fought hard to pass, was stalled in the Rajya Sabha after the opposition MPs strongly opposed the Bill including their colleagues. “The BJP should apologize to the people of the North East for saying that it is wrong because this Bill is against the North East, the small paid,” said Process. crane yesterday today.
Rahul expressed his concern over the illegal activities of these coal miners and said that these coal miners have violated the law and at the same time, they are also destroyers of the environment.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 12 cases including 7 high risk cases, one SARI case, one from Jaiaw cluster, one from Laban cluster, one from Madanryting cluster and one policeman.
When they arrived at the scene and met with the BDO of the Block, they learned that the scheme has already been approved by the MLA of Jowai, Prof. RC Laloo and handed over to others. The people are angry with the MLA for not informing them especially that their names have been revealed that they should receive the scheme.
Under the Prime Minister's target @2047, the main objective of the meeting was to strengthen disaster risk reduction in the country to make India which can fight against disasters and to address various issues related to disaster prevention, natural disasters and state and Union Territory authorities.
Law enforcement agencies arrested Roy Chowdhury from Boston Logan International Airport last month.
Therefore, according to the Word of God, if a person continues in that rebirth, he will experience the Kingdom of God within him through the path of rebirth.
This happened in the first month of this year but after he fled, police arrested him from Ladrymbai. The two men have been charged under the POCSO Act. to the children who are young.
If the newspapers do not write what they see, it is an injustice.
Dr Pathak is best known for his work in 1970, when he introduced a new technology for toileting that is available to everyone.
Manoj Joshi, Secretary, Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs, Government of India, handed over the award to STEMS at a function held on Tuesday.
The lesson from this is that when you look to the sky, you should also look to the ground.
The FKJGP has donated syntex to the school after receiving the approval of the school authorities.
Shillong: The Teppila Bayit Foundation has inaugurated its KHYRDOP JINGSHAI unit at Nongrah, Shillong on 21st November. (September) 2019 at 3:00 pm, in the presence of Board Members, sponsors, all members and residents.
On Tuesday, it was learned that five prisoners have escaped from a jail in Mizoram.
In Ri-Bhoi, before the birth of the District Council “Ka Ring Kmie”, the children of Hynniewtrep used to try to honor their Jaid ka Khong by marrying women who are not from the Hynniewtrep people. Thousands of years ago in 1952, the year of the founding of the KHADC by the Rangbah Hynniewtrep Rev. JJM Nichol Roy, who tried to explain to us not only those who are Khasi, but also those who are Khasi. The son of Rev.JJM Nichols Roy, who has no jait to his mother, lives in War Shylla and the War Shylla do not give jaid to any woman/mother even if they are born. khun cat cat spirit.
Two villages, Manad and Mawbidong, which fall under the South West Khasi Hills District, have already informed the PHE Mawkyrwat Division office about this issue. Nothing has been done yet even though it has been informed.
the covenant with death.
NGH won by 7 wickets in this match and thanks to Marak's performance in all aspects he won the title of 'Rang ialeh ba Kynsai'
Shillong: The 1st Miss Narpuh 2019 will be held on the 1st June, 2019 at Wah Lukha Umpasu as part of the program of the Lukha Festival. The participants came from all over the villages in Narpuh District.
The election has been announced on 16th March 2024 and the Model Code of Conduct will come into force immediately from that date.
A total of 4.8 lakh rupees were also distributed to 11 youth organizations under the YESS Meghalaya Youth Empowerment Programme.
Meanwhile, the Jaintia Students Movement (JSU) has sent a letter to the Chief Minister through the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya requesting him to talk to the Chief Minister. and the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma to ensure the peace and stability of the Khasi-Pnars living in the villages under Block-I. In an interview with the media, she talked about the harassment of Pnars by the Karbi who prevent Pnars from going to Meghalaya for treatment and also prevent Pnars from selling them. mar rep to the market place.
According to the Code of Professional Ethics for college teachers, the University Grants Commission (UGC) encourages college teachers to share their responsibilities in society and to assist in the implementation of public administration. Office that is open to the public.
The Rotary Club, Jowai has continued to raise its hand to help prevent the spread of COVID-19 in Jowai.
WKH Police have registered a case under Section 363 of the IPC against Bikram at Nongstoin Police Station.
On 26th October 2020, I, as one of the Publicity Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Circle, filed an RTI with the Joint Secretary Department of Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Circle. Shillong, on my regret over the delay in delivering the scholarship to the children and students of Meghalaya who are eligible to receive it through the Border Area Scholarship Scheme for the year 2018-1 and 2019–20.
The Katoki Committee also takes satellite images, which show the destruction of forests, environmental pollution and river pollution.
Additional Director General, Zonal Bureau of Communication, Guwahati, Jane Namchu was also present as the chief guest and others who witnessed the opening ceremony. The program was attended by Bah Biangbok Basaiawmoit, Principal, C&RD Block Umling, D.Shylla, Nutritionist, DPO, WK Blah, Principal, Nongpoh. among other dignitaries.
Shillong Lajong FC started the tournament with a 1-1 draw against Mohammedan SC from Kolkata at the Naihati Bankimanjali Stadium in West Bengal on the 3rd of this month. month.
The proposal was confirmed by Congress President Sonia Gandhi and AICC General Secretary KC Venugopal told the media on Tuesday. November 2021.
Titos said the meeting also discussed the delay in the release of the funds from the 15th Finance Commission and the release of funds from the Central Government. the time has come because all development works have been suspended".
The Congress MPs also held a demonstration in front of Parliament to demand the same issue.
Meghalaya has a border of 800 km with Assam and about 443 km with Bangladesh and this has already caused problems due to the lack of laws against the entry and exit of other ethnic groups.
Also present were MLA Shitlang Pale, DC East Jaintia Hills Abhilash Baranwal, former MLA Hopeful Bamon, JHADC MDC Emlangky Lamare, Seibor Shadap, Dr Sanky Shangpung, Santa Mary Shylla, Nehlang Lyngdoh and others. other other.
Speaking to reporters in Shillong, Bah Bindo said that the failure of Shillong to receive the Smart City project from the government for the third time has shown that the government has you have failed.
All offices of the Central Government, when they need cleaners, security guards etc., have to apply to those Service Providers who have received the tender, as the law does not allow them to appoint or appoint at will.
If we can no longer witness as human beings for our future generations, in the end it is only the nations that will suffer from the face of our children.
Mawrie, who is also the adviser to the Chief Minister, said that Conrad Sangma is aware of the rising popularity of Bernard Marak and is scared of losing the peoples’ mandate in Tura.
Meghalaya has reached the point where the shortage of electricity has reached a critical point,” said the Nongthymmai MLA. Those projects have been implemented without success until today while the people are suffering.
Six members of the HNLC on 2nd July this year came to the state to conduct peace talks between the group and the state government.
The CAB has been passed as the Citizenship Amendment Bill
The person is already in quarantine center.
If it happens, who is responsible? Especially the Iewduh which is the food of the children of the thousands of the Hima.
Nongpoh: A driver of a Maruti Car (ML-05-F) has been killed in an accident on the NH-6 in Saiden village. -0872, escaped injuries and tragic incident after the Maruti Car he was driving, collided with another truck number ML-05-U-7
Not only did he announce the inclusion of the college in this scheme but he also praised the college for providing good services in the area.
The Prime Minister said the government has spent hundreds of crores of rupees for the conservation of the environment in various sectors.
He urged all the more than 5 lakh people who have given their support in this MP election to stay strong with the party to win again in this upcoming MDC election.
VPP President Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, VPP MLA North Shillong, other VPP leaders and Langpih area leaders attended the meeting. The meeting was held at the ground floor of Raidmynsaw Upper Primary School, Langpih.
Wanglet has been accused of using rude language against women guards at Golflink Stadium in recent days.
India comes second with 4.1% of its rice production, followed by South Korea at 2%, Egypt and Russia at 1.6% and the United States at 1.6%. rep in all states except Alaska.
Many of them have been killed because they were suspected of being slaughterers.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Kong Teilinia Thangkhiew, on Tuesday said that the complaint of the CSWO to remove the double standards of MDCs and MLAs is meaningless.
The union also asked whether these infiltration check gates should be only for the indigenous people but not for foreigners.
Latiplang's re-election as EM comes after several EM seats of KHADC have become vacant following the resignation of Congress MDCs who have resigned from the PDF. The resignation of Bah PT Sawkmei from the post of Dy.CEM and Bah Lamphrang Blah from the post of EM Elaka has been filled and one is still vacant.
Recently, the union has seen through the notification of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District which has banned the quarrying of stone in various parts of East Khasi Hills District.
Through the collaboration, jobs will be created in banks, financial services, insurance companies to develop the youth.
Langsning will now prepare for their next match in Jamshedpur on the 1st of June.
The Chief Minister also explained about the roads that have been completed and are currently under construction in the state.
“Let us come out to this rally, to show to the world that there are many religions, Kurs and Hima but there is only one Jaitbynriew and only one language, that is the KHASI BAIAR language,” said the statement. Samla Pynshaiborlang Rani, Secretary Education Cell KSU Seng Kmie and the KSU urged all the Principals of Colleges to allow and send Khasi students to this conference.
A total of 207 e-Vehicles have been handed over to different blocks of Khasi and Jaintia Hills districts.
“Now they don't want to cooperate with the Congress.
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of RBYDSO, Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF), Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), All Meghalaya The Karbi Association (AMKA) and the SRSMA on Friday evening lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of Ri Bhoi District regarding the existence of an organization that has threatened to to ban the placement of images of Jesus and others related to Christianity at the Sacred Heart Secondary School in Marmain.
He added that FOCUS is a scheme that is not allocated to producer groups.
The total number of people who have entered Meghalaya so far is 82,6
Then there was the landslide and the power outage.
The delegation was led by the Organizing Secretary of KSU Leimow Unit Samla Leningrad Tariang.
Marvel's Superhero movies are really beautiful and at the same time they are doing well all over the world.
The blood that gives life is more precious.
Shillong: Four MDCs from the United Democratic Alliance (UDA) in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) have sent a letter to the Chairman and Secretary of the Meghalaya Parliamentary Party (MDA) urging him to resign. Allow the UDA MDCs to elect their own leader to be the CEM to end the confusion in the Council which has been going on for more than three months now.
Besides acting, Freida has also set up her own production company, Freebird Films and is currently preparing to produce 'The Henna Artist' and Huma Abedin's biopic.
The death toll from alcoholism in Punjab has risen to
The road from here descends slowly and steeply in many places. The gradient of the road is to keep the gradient of the road within 35 degrees and reaches the right bank of the Umïam Mawphlang River. , called Wahlyngkienwar which flows from Lawkyntang Mawphlang and the copper fragments of the broken copper bridge can still be seen.
“With the D.El.
At the same time, Conrad Sangma said that he did not initially expect that he would continue to be the Chief Minister of the state after six months. Shillong: The second semi final of the 4th Mawryngkneng Invitation Football Tournament 2018 will be played today at 2:30 pm between Mawryngkneng CSC and Nongdawah SC. Mawryngkneng CSC is a team from Mawryngkneng Pyllung while Nongdawah SC is a club from Mawryngkneng village.
“The future of the country depends on the people, on their participation in democracy, everyone should use their responsibilities properly in the country,” he said. democracy, for the good of the country and society"
We have now been able to set up units in many villages but there are still many villages where we have not been able to set up units and now we have only about 30,000 members in the state.
K-Pop singer Kim Woojin from South Korea will perform as the first performer of the concert, followed by Delhi band Twin Strings.
The KSU invites all the people from all over the Bri u Hynniewtrep to come and take part in this meeting to convey to the government with one voice that the people of Meghalaya stand against this. Bill aimed at alienating indigenous people.
He said the government wants to focus on the natural resources especially the beautiful hills and rivers which already exist to attract more tourists.
However, according to the Socio Economic Caste Census Survey 2011, 76% of the residents in the rural areas of the State do not own land, live without land and do not have land. which is his to cultivate, to inherit, and to pass on to his children.
As the residents of Sohiong, elect a leader who is wise and intelligent, and who can speak on the issues and not to break the unity in the constituency and the nation,” he said.
Also present on the occasion were Macdalyne S Mawlong MDC Umsning, Isawanda Laloo, Director Sports and Youth Affairs, Arpit Upadhya, Deputy Commissioner, Ri-Bhoi District Sports Officer, Boby L Nongbet, leaders. Ri-Bhoi Water Sports and Tourism Co-Operative Society Ltd.
Khliehriat, July 27: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat today informed the public that the Central Consumer Protection Authority (CCPA) has issued directives to curb the consumerism of trade and to provide protection for customers in relation to the operation of hotels and restaurants.
The KSU leader said that they will discuss in these days how to proceed and they will hold a meeting first.
On the other hand, the party spokesperson, Bah Batskhem Myrboh said that as a party, we don't go to campaign for candidates like other parties.
Although it is in the caves, the 'lawbah' lawsan, but no wild animals come to destroy and destroy them.
Hundreds of residents from parents to youth, men and women and even children came out to repair the road and clean up the village.
The EU sanctions are said to be against some officials or companies that support the Russian government, by sending a variety of aid as well as the delivery of drones. which Russia has been able to use during the war against Ukraine.
This finding is also supported by scientific research, including the fact that milk contains tryptophan, an amino acid that can be converted into serotonin, which stimulates the brain and helps you sleep better.
The spread of drugs and crime should be reflected in the debate in the Legislative Assembly.
However, those words have become only words that have deceived the farmers, because it can be said that about 70 percent of the people still rely on agriculture and if those words that the government has promised to help them the farmer is not right.
Shillong, Nailar 24 : The General Meeting of the Wrestling Association of Meghalaya (WBA) has held a meeting at its office in Demthring, Shillong to discuss the North East Olympic Games 2022 to be held from 30th March to 6th November
In Chhattisgarh, according to TV analysts, the ruling BJP under the leadership of Raman Singh is still stable and hopes to regain power later. this election too.
Even the BSF recently shot dead Roning Nongkynrih from Jalynteng, a truck driver, inside the village, near Mawshun.
“I request the public, when you receive such videos, please, if you receive such videos, please don't spread them to others but delete them immediately.
The seizure of liquor came after a surprise raid was conducted on the house of a woman, who was suspected several times and illegal liquor was seized from her house. The KRWO's objectives are to eradicate the illegal drug trafficking in the area, which has been famous in the past.
“I strongly demand that the authorities should remove the enforcement of Section 144 CrPc from the village as it has been in turmoil and nothing is in danger.
(Dr.) BD Mishra (Retd) to be appointed as the Governor of Meghalaya.
It is a special part of the Khasi man or woman in the society of the Khasi people and in the culture of Hynniewtrep.
Police could not say the cause of the blaze until the windows of these houses and shops were broken.
“For the ticket, the top leaders of the TMC party have confirmed that he will be one of the candidates,” said Bah Cajee.
“There were more than 36,000 security personnel deployed between Kuki and Meitei.
On receiving this information, police conducted a search operation in Chisobibra area near Williamnagar.
Commenting on the statement by former UDP Principal Secretary and Chief Adviser Bindo Lanong that the UDP will not win even 10 seats, the UDP leader said, “I have nothing to do with this calculation.
He said that it is the strength of the air force that Ukraine has been able to survive since the beginning of Russia's invasion of Ukraine in June past.
To address these issues, the government has implemented the Banking Correspondents (BC) model to reach out to the remote communities.
“I am surprised that after I left the Rongjeng resort at 10 pm, I received information that a complaint has been lodged against me with the police.
Without doubt, there will be many youngsters from the state who will represent India in foreign tournaments”.
Riki Phawa (11') scored the first goal of the match.
After 1994, the government appointed teachers by conducting interviews and some of them were selected or interviewed by the managing committees to fill the vacancies.
In the meeting with the flood victims, Dikkanchi took the initiative to inform the State Government authorities to provide assistance to the affected people. lynshop of the forces of nature.
“If this is the problem of the Chairperson who is a woman, we cannot imagine how the hardworking women of the State face every day.
The PDF party, which holds the Municipality and Urban Affairs, has not yet revealed anything about this.
Donald said that another issue that the KSU has sought clarification is after the CEO told the media that the target is more than 1 lakh people to register in the state before the elections. MLA 2018.
Here the members receive training on perseverance and joy in work, brotherly love, patience, constant forgiveness and worship in prayer and devotion (CCC No.1657).
“I feel that there is a secret intention of the government in introducing this Bill,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: U Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong today urged the All India Congress Committee (AITC) and the Indian National Congress to file a complaint in the High Court against the allegation that the Government has The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) led by the National People's Party (NPP) has been involved in the illegal mining of coal.
The meeting was conducted by former President of JSU-CB Rikut Parien, in the presence of Comet Star Kyndiah, Legal Adviser JSU, Ex President JSU-CB Rudolf E. Laloo, President Jersom Shylla, General Secretary Treibor R.Suchen, other leaders from Khasi and Jaintia Hills, elders of the area and the people.
“They have understood that if the VPP achieves its goal of reviving, improving and transforming the state, those who have benefited from the destruction of the country's wealth will loss of benefit.
The Police Battalion is one of the sources of employment for hundreds and thousands of youth, but in Meghalaya for many years now, no new Police Battalion has been established. The state has got a full state, but we still have only seven battalions and one SF 10 while compared to other states in the region we have dozens of battalions of police and this it has helped to provide employment to thousands of young men and women.
The injured include Pherbok Nongrum of Nongtraw, driver of the local taxi, Rihunlang Lamare, 35, Iamonlang Lamare, 16 and Melahun Lamare, I am from the village of Mawbsein.
Ilarisa A. Lamin, a student of Class 9 at St. Mary's Higher Secondary School, Shillong, took part in the program and said; “Traditional teachings such as respect and manners are already known to us, but I am grateful that through this programme, I have had the opportunity to learn more about the value of these teachings especially when we practice them. in our everyday lives.
Shillong Lajong replaced Suchen with a goal to change the game, but failed to score.
Congress candidate from Mawlai, Teibor Pathaw and former MLA, FS Cajee, have criticized Process.
Therefore, to ensure the cleanliness of the pond and its surroundings, the Deputy Commissioner has strictly prohibited under Section 144 CrPC to discharge garbage, or to discharge sewage water into Umïam Pond from all places under the jurisdiction of the Umïam Pond. It is located in the district of East Khasi Hills.
The AGP has 14 MLAs in the 126-member House and the withdrawal of the AGP is not a threat to the government of Sarbananda Sonowal, as it has the support of 74 MLAs. The BJP has 61 MLAs, 12 Bodoland People's Front MLAs in support and one independent member.
US President Joe Biden has accused Vladimir Putin of murder and the Kremlin has strongly opposed Putin's accusation. , that this statement is unacceptable and unforgivable.
The killer was Gavrino, a Bosnian Serb in southern Europe.
“I feel it is my duty to resign as President of the MNF and I expect her resignation to be accepted,” Zoramthanga said.
“Anyone who doesn't have a license will be punished,” said Latiplang and added that there are places where trading license should no longer be issued to foreigners, because Khasi youth can do their own jobs. .
They said that this is the beginning of their journey and they should not back down or lose only in the bronze medal but to strive to improve themselves in order to win the gold medal from others. the struggles that will take place in the countries of the world.
Because of the many problems and turmoil these days, Biden said it is urgent to elect and appoint another President to replace the ousted leader.
The game got interesting after another Miami star player, Luis Saurez, scored the first goal followed by a goal from Michael to tie the game in the 44th minute. step.
Yohun Shadap scored 24 runs from 24 balls while Pynshngain Rymmai scored 23 runs from 27 balls.
When we look at the events that God has allowed mankind on earth, sometimes from the “pride of glory”, that people no longer think of God, that is when God accomplishes what He purposed.
His group protested by carrying flags and shouting “NO HILL STATE NO REST” because of their disagreement with other leaders of the autonomous state.
According to the incident which spread through social media, two employees of the company were seen shouting at the police while using strong words to bomb to elect the people.
Ram Singh, Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills, said that police and magistrates have gone to arrest the illegal immigrants and sent them back to their place of origin.
City bombings involving race, class, gender, language or personal beliefs, the punishment related to these murders shall be imprisonment life-threatening imprisonment or death.
He appealed to the leaders of the Presbyterian Church not to worry anymore and to sleep peacefully at night for the need for the road.
On the other hand, the leaders of Nongpoh, including Bah Mayrald Born Syiem and Bah Balajied Ranee, expressed their satisfaction to see that the Catholic Church Marngar, has donated the land for the purpose of holding the as a step market, because through this market it will be a real blessing for the farmers of this area.
NESO wishes the injured in Tripura, Manipur and Assam a speedy recovery and says their suffering has not been in vain.
Speaking to media, Hek said the order to vaccinate the shopkeepers is to protect themselves and others from the spread of the disease.
Bah K.Nongbri, one of the residents of Mawlum Nginiong, said that since childhood he has been interested in farming.
Fortunately, those days will not happen again because it affects everyone and will continue to deteriorate the state besides there are still many problems that affect us as citizens.
According to confirmed sources, the Prime Minister has confirmed his arrival in Shillong to deliver a public speech even if it rains or storms but he will complete the program as scheduled. .
A total of 38,596 samples have been sent for testing, 37,004 samples have been negative and 690 samples are awaiting results.
And if you kill this old man, you will kill this inheritance for the next five years.
Shillong: The District Council has decided to reduce the fee for the Transit Pass (TP) to the price of synsar. .
There are many different species of trees and flowers inside it including sohot trees, sohkynphor trees, trees, trees, trees, trees, siej, orchids and others.
In Group B, Sein Pynbhalang beat Pdengkarong Youth Club 4-1 at Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai.
On the other hand, the SP urged those who use vehicles or 2 wheelers not to change the appearance of their vehicles or 2 wheelers, and to leave them as they came from the company.
No reports have been received that there will be any incident yet.
The CEM said that on the issue of cleanliness, the committee has decided to build new toilets besides improving the existing ones, to improve the drainage system and footpaths throughout the Ïewduh.
The Commissioner & Secretary Arts & Culture, promised that the department will continue to support the launch of the festival as Persara Studio, which aims to provide opportunities for talented youth to shine. and honor for the state of Meghalaya.
At this meeting, it was unanimously decided to remove Balen as president.
The Hynniewtrep people have been connected with India through the armed forces.
When asked about this, Dhar said the government will do its part to complete this long standing issue.
At that time, the Chief Superintendent of Police, who was present at the camp, together with other policemen who were present at the camp, took back the suloi from the policeman, as a protection because he had bu -aid , but the policeman threatened the police chief and all those present.
On the demand to amend the SOP due to the rule that the land requirement should not be less than 100 hectares for a mining lease, the Minister said that the SOP has been prepared in consultation with the Government of India.
Shillong: The residents of RiBhoi district have been in dire straits due to the lack of food items in their shops.
If you don't have this number that has been established since ancient times, you may be able to walk as you please.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: U Bah MH Kharkrang, who is also the Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills, has been selected for the list of Indian Police Service (IPS).
PM-DevINE has been announced as a new Central Sector Scheme in the Union Budget for the year 2022-2
Purno's statement shows that he is a man with a vision for the whole world.
Shillong, Nailur 5: The Mairang Civil Sub-Division SSA Cook Association (SSA) has invited the cooks of SSA schools to attend the meeting of the Association to be held on 9th November, 2016 at 10.00 pm at Tirot Singh Memorial Hall Pyndengumiong to discuss and discuss the salary of our teachers and to demand from the government to increase the salary of us teachers.
“Schools are not places for the police,” said NEHU Professor Dr H Srikanth while speaking at the meeting on Saturday.
It is for this reason that the Mawlai MLA has urged the government to call for talks to reach an understanding in any way.
Now we will proceed according to the recommendation of IIT," he added.
In Samuel's day, the Israelites rejected God and asked for a king to rule over them.—1 Samuel 8:1-5
He said that as the party, we will continue to work harder to demand the ILP so that it does not end in a resolution. “I also request you to pray for these 60 people to change their minds so that before the 2023 elections we will get ILP,” he said.
Here we understand that Christianity is a religion of nationalism.
Therefore, the PWD will have to take land and clear the hills or build a well to improve the road.
“I don't know if it's time for the Council to issue trading license to foreigners,” said Bah Basaiawmoit. The meeting of the KHADC on Friday.
God says further that He did not create it empty-handed but created it. BAN SHONG BRIEW: I am the Lord, and there is no other.
Ladakh and Jammu & Kashmir have a bright future, they have grown rapidly in the last two years. highways, byways and hundreds of bridges.
Shillong, Nailur 16 : The Adventurous Hynniewtrep Off Roader (AHOR) will soon hold its next edition of the Driving Race from 7th to 8th March 2022 at Kharsati Park.
According to the reply of the Minister, 50/50% has been allocated for the Written Test and Personal Interview. violate the rights of the youth,” said the statement.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 88141 out of which 84643 have recovered and 1496 have died.
M.Pariat.
It may be recalled that the leaders of the United Democratic People (UDP) party, which is one of the coalition partners in the MDA government led by General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh, have opposed the government. if you build shops known as shopping malls in this area.
“We ask them to express their views on 18 November.
The celebration concluded with a procession of the Eucharist in the participation of thousands of faithful from the Diocese of Jowai.
Because of the breakage of the insulator pin, it caused a collision between the electrical wires and the post which caused a strong electric shock to the post.
For information, when someone eats tit buit, we say that they are “tit biah bsein”. for it is still unclean, and the rain hath not yet washed away the things that are in the field.
Furthermore, some of the entrepreneurs say that 'if you earn money on the road, you will be banned and if you steal, you will be arrested. The company has not yet received the permits to operate in Shillong, according to the DTO of East Khasi Hills.
Shillong, June 8: A mother has lodged a complaint with the Mawlai PS Police Station that in June 2013, Jona Than Sohkhlet has admitted to being an IPS officer and has been able to contact her. They got married and lived together in Mawlai, Nongkwar Block V, Shillong.
How many children from KG to 6th Class have worked hard.
The new era has changed where people send their children to school not to wear ties that the British government taught them to work only in white collar jobs but more importantly to get jobs. you are wise.
Earlier, the First Division Football Tournament between Shangpung Moosyiem and Mookyndur ended in a 1-1 draw.
Rajendra Singh was the son of Lakhi.
Because of the NGT coal ban, the UDP says that there should be another way for the residents to work and earn a living after the coal ban. coal in the State.
“As soon as I accept, I'll sit down, I won't delay the kindness of those people because it's useless, I don't worry too much about food and drink, I can farm with the Kthaw and the Kyiaw,” he said. he spoke one by one.
Regarding the handover of these oxygen cylinders, Bah Rayonald Kharkamni, said that the MCA has a great desire to assist the government and especially at this time of fighting against COVID-1 -19, to serve the people not only in Ri Bhoi, but in the state as a whole.
Chandrasekhar said the AITC has been a political opportunist, while the BJP has been a pioneer of the future of every Indian and every citizen of Meghalaya.
:The Khasi actress, Wanri Pyngrope, is a famous actress with her knowledge and passion. She has already taken part in Khasi films, including “Ha Nga Marwei,” “9Lad,” Life," and “Cause.
Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina has said the Indian government's bill to implement the Citizenship (Amendment) Act "is completely meaningless"
In the past two days, lakhs of school children across the state have been affected but the state government is still listening to the strike.
The RSS on Sunday took the land and water from Jowai to Syntu Ksiar part of the Myntdu River which is considered sacred and has a history of being the stronghold of Jaintia Hills. Kiang Nangbah was appointed from Syntu Ksiar to fight against the British government.
Returning to Bah PT, he has a number of youngsters who are rich and willing to share the burden of the people of Mawlai.
It is worth mentioning that Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang, who was elected as MLA of Mawlai, along with other teachers, have filed a petition to quash the government's amendment to Clause 7.4.3 of the Meghalaya Education Policy. 2018 and the notification issued on 23 October 2021 to amend the Aided College Employee Rule prohibiting teachers from taking part in politics. November 2022 called the government's amendment “a decision of lymmuh”.
The presence of these four vehicles seems to serve only government officials who have left work early and not to serve the public.
“I am sure that TMC will not win more than 2-3 seats in our State.
“After the incident on Thursday morning, the village is sorry that the village does not want such an incident to happen.
The inspection was conducted after receiving complaints from many residents of the area that there are people who used to sell drugs in the area. Kem dum and inside the area where these foreigners live, they found that there is a lot of trouble because of the presence of people who have set up residence in the area, that there is no toilet at all and also Many people have been sitting in a small area and the union has also found that they have stolen electricity.
Mr. Eugeneson said that his first task is to serve the people as much as he can although it is a short time that he can serve the people and he cannot say that only for a while he shall be able to accomplish all the remaining things, but he shall try again as much as he can.
Next to the woman was a juti shiliang and a bag containing several items such as a knife, a knife, homeopathic medicines, a water bottle, a mobile phone and an ID card.
He said that after the complaint of the candidates, the Deputy Director of NIOS on 14th November, has asked for 45 days to look into the matter which ended on Monday.
According to the Prime Minister, three people were injured in the attack.
According to the census, Agartala is the cleanest state in the North East and ranked 33rd in the list of cities followed by Aizawl which ranked 41st.
Bah Marwein said that this is the first time that the transformer has been removed from the place where it used to be every day.
There was also a suggestion to the government to provide and increase the number of testing centers in the state, after seeing that with the passing of the days, the increase has been seen. of those who have this disease.
He said that on his part, he does not criticize other leaders who work in the government.
Reginal said that the misuse of funds by Salgira R Marak has been revealed in the CAG report and also in the Right to Information (RTI) requested by Egenstar Kurkalang.
FASTOM spokesperson Mayborn Lyngdoh said that Shangpliang said that the government has deceived and thanked the teachers in supporting the three meetings of the FASTOM. He said that once again, if the government does not listen to the demands of 2019, until now and if the government does not look into the issue of teachers sitting on the streets and doing silence, he said that he will go out with the teachers.
Fortunately, the MLA has taken action to ensure that there will be no land grabbing,” he said.
He was also the Minister in charge of the State Police Department, PWD, Transport, and other departments of the State Government.
The awards ceremony was held on Saturday in the presence of Dr M Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLA as the Chief Guest, in the presence of Bah Cyril VD Diengdoh, IAS who is the Additional CEO of the NEOG 2022 and Secretary to the State Government.
Khliehriat, July 18: The State Rescue Team today recovered the body of (L) Bishujit Chakrabarty, 36, a truck driver, who went missing since 16 A truck was hit by a road accident at Lumshnong near Tool Gate Plaza.
Jowai, Jymmang 14: The truck owners and leaders of the JCMDA today decided to hand over the stone to the SP without any weapons. to hold a 12 hour strike on the 17th of this month across the State.
The 13 goals Just scored in one World Cup season in 1958 will be remembered forever and will be proclaimed by other players of this era. None of the players scored a goal in the tournament.
In his speech, the President of Sonapyrdi Tourism and Economic Development Society (STEDS) said that the purpose of the Lukha Festival is to promote tourism in Sonapyrdi and especially in Wah Lukha and in the countryside. animals in Narpuh.
The office of the Executive Engineer PWD (Roads) has announced that the bridge connecting Laskein Barato village will be closed from 3rd July to 30th July to repair and repair the damaged bridge.
Replying to a question by Ampati MLA Miani D Shira, the Minister said the state government has talked to the central government for the provision of centers in all the villages.
“When our friends tried to help us, the police threatened us as if they were going to throw sticks at us while they didn't help us and allowed those who beat us to escape,” said Ïohborlang Kharsohnoh.
On this occasion, the Minister distributed awards to 13 teachers who received the State Award, 3 teachers who received the District Award and 3 teachers who received the Special Awards.
The Minister said that the concerns of the various departments involved in this issue were taken into consideration at the meeting held on Monday. Students' cadets will also be included in all schools.
Meanwhile, Sonam Chombay, Secretary, Information and Public Relations (IPR) Arunachal Pradesh, said that the Arunachal Pradesh government has associated with the Arunachal Film Festival for the past three years and since then, there has been no such festival. festival in this region covering five states.
They said that during a thorough investigation, it was found that a man named Dambar Bhatrai from Noapara was the one who introduced the MGNREGA scheme, without consulting the residents and the Rangbah Shnong. Construction of this road to Kyrshai.
But what was surprising was that from her goodness came error and evil.
The Seng is ready to work with the District Administration and the Government to build and make Shillong a peaceful and respectful city.
Fenela has decided to support UDP candidate Paul Lyngdoh for the Lok Sabha MP election 2014 and not the HSPDP candidate Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit. “The reason why I went to support the UDP candidate is because I want to balance, not to be biased because I have heard that only for the MP election and only afterwards. I don't want the ARPA to fight in the District Council, I don't want the ARPA to fight in the District Council. “Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, I see that he is a good person in the District Council, I want the ARPA to continue,” said Fenela L Nonglait.
There were many performances by the participants including Bah Headingson Ryntathiang, school children and Lumtimai Syiemlieh and her children.
“In the past, home birth was safer, but now it is not the same as before,” said the doctors.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnongs congratulated the BSF troops who have been willing to provide support to the school children with bicycles so that they can use them to reach schools faster every day.
Today, SCA-B will play against Ri-Bhoi DCA of Zone 1 Group A which is also the last match for the group.
This is the first pump storage project in India to generate 900MW. Looking at the demand for electricity in our State, we are keen to take steps to strengthen the activities related to electricity generation capacity. within the State".
Speaking at the meeting, Sounder Strong Cajee said that the tournament is part of the commemoration of the great thinker of the state, Bah (L) Rowell Lyngdoh, former Chief Minister of the state. Mawkyrwat Constituency and also as the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the state in the past he has done many great things in which he has been able to get the district of South West Khasi Hills. Hills and others who have contributed to the benefit of many people in the district and the state as well.
This decision will benefit 1068 schools and 3212 teachers.
On the other hand, when it comes to driving under the influence of alcohol, the department has recorded about 90 incidents including 67 in 2022 and 23 till June this year.
He said that in order to solve this problem, as the leader of the area, he is looking into the establishment of a college in the area for the benefit of the youth.
The DC issued this announcement to implement the ICMR directive which states that even undetected infection can spread the COVID-19 virus.
So far, the VPP has announced 18 candidates for the election.
“As a public leader in KHADC, I have the right to ask questions to the Executive Committee, because it is my duty if I don't understand the issues or procedures in the Council. “It's not like the UDP MDCs are the EMs in KHADC,” she said.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District has expressed its shock and deep sorrow to see through the media the insults and rude speech of the Deputy Commissioner of the district to some people. The incident occurred on Tuesday on the National Highway 6 near Wahiajer village.
The Vice President of the country, Mohammed Al Bardei, has resigned today.
Dev said there are 25 BSF personnel from the 86th Battalion and these include four members of the family of these BSF personnel, who have tested positive for the disease and then the truck driver. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Dev.
The three-day workshop was conducted in collaboration with the Disaster Risk Reduction (DDR) and Relief and Rehabilitation.
The Seng has said that it will take strong action against those who play Benami in the future.
He said that he was imprisoned and recently at this public meeting, he escaped from the bullet.
They also said that the arrest of the party leader Bah Lamphrang Kharbani along with two other leaders is groundless while 17 persons have been released without any conditions while 3 persons have been charged. different rules when they are arrested for the same reason and from the same place.
The ambulance was launched at the ground floor of Moon Light Secondary School in the presence of Bah Victor Rani, MDC Jirang, government officials and village leaders of Byrnihat area.
One of the women who spoke on the occasion, “said it is very difficult for us as farmers, to develop our agriculture, because of the sharing of land, which The problem for us is to bring water to the land we farm, besides the number of insects that come to eat the plants, it brings us in trouble, so on top of these problems we face, “We on behalf of the farmers request the government to come forward and help us farmers,” said the woman.
The Taliban have demanded the names of the young women, aged 12 to 45, from imams to marry them as a sign of victory. warrior.
The Government has decided to extend some parts of the lockdown but schools will remain closed until 03/05/2 day.
She said that if Bah Julius does not pay the fine of T.15 lakh, he will have to spend another five years in jail, and the government will have to pay the T.15 lakh to him. the child.
Many families who have young children who have become addicted to drugs are crying and living in anxiety because they don't know what will happen to the future of their children and pray day and night. the children shall be free from this intoxication.
A cake was also cut to celebrate the jubilee.
He said that the Union's aim is to understand the gender identity and that the school system should be safe.
According to information received, these three persons came to fill up petrol at a petrol pump called HP Pterol Pump at 10 mer, on the evening of the second day in a vehicle. They had the number AS 01 AJ 1610 but after filling up the petrol for T.3800/-, these three persons fled the scene without paying any money.
Adelbert has been in office for only a few months as the MDCs of the ARPA have become more and more stable starting with the departure of Process T Sawkmie from KHNAM, followed by Bah Hadrian from the KHNAM. The UDP to join the Congress, after Grace joined the PDF and later Latiplang left KHNAM (after the PDF came to power).
Condemning the incident, the SP said that the actions of the HYC have caused panic among the people and will disrupt the peace and order.
He said that the District Council does not have the Representation of People Act, but the rules and regulations are in accordance with the Act but they don't have the spirit. “If he is asked to resign as an MLA, is it acceptable or not because he was elected according to the law recognized by the Election Commission of India? you don't have this law,” he said.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) has lodged a complaint with the Inspector General (IG) of the Border Security Force (BSF) to take action against the border crossing and smuggling. Bangladeshis have been arrested in Dawki.
However, when we reach the court, the skilled lawyers of the thieves will find a very small mistake that we never thought of.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, who is also the Minister of PWD Road, Meghalaya, while inspecting the road from Borbasing Bridge to Ranikor, South West Khasi Hills District, which is about 4 kms long. He said that he will talk to the officials of the National Highway and Infrastructure Development Corporation (NHIDCL) to reduce the road from 2 lane to Intermediate Road constructed by Dhar Construction Company. ) to rebuild the road with 2 lane and not to build only single lane as now this road has been constructed as single lane.
The National Congress Party (NCP) led by Saleng Sangma is the oldest political party in the state.
In fact, you should not be in the nursing room if you have an emergency case.
Nongpoh, November 29 : For the first time, Ri Bhoi District has opened a shop to sell various types of firearms on Monday, after the government The shop at Borbhuin, Byrnihat, also known as M/S East India Arms, is owned by Bah Dilip Kharkhrang, a resident of Byrnihat.
In the Girls' 8 Years Committee, Kimjonlhing Silthou of East Khasi Hills won the gold medal in the Girls' 8 Years Committee.
Banshaikupar Mawlong was the resource person to teach the conventional courses and E Warjri taught the vacation courses.
Many houses in Lumsohphoh village, Nongpoh, have been placed under the Containment Zone from 8th to 18th June.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Riwar Mihngi Circle today expressed its regret over the delay of the MLA of Riwar constituency, Bah Prestone Tynsong in providing assistance to the people of Riwar constituency after the lockdown. Down' which has been going on for more than 10 months, the number of cases of 'COVID
GSU North Zone President Rupa M Marak said the union has proceeded to close down the office of the BDO and now they will launch a protest against the BDO. Rupa said that the district authorities have asked them to cancel their protest, but the GSU has made it clear that they will not allow these corrupt people to stay in the block. .
Conrad said the talks with the Union Minister were very successful this morning.
There have been 27 new cases and 37 recoveries, while East Khasi Hills has 20 cases today.
Those who wish to obtain more information on this method of making dumasla may obtain Bulletin No. 187 (1928) of the Agricultural Research Institute, Pusa; or Bulletin No. 71 of the Department of Agriculture, United Provinces.
Shillong: The Concern Citizens of Hynniewtrep (CPC) under the leadership of Bah Samkupar Tron, President of Hynniewtrep Union, today visited the They visited Nongpyiur SSA Upper Primary School in relation to the implementation of Article 21 A in relation to the shortage of teachers. should be taught within this school and also the inadequacy in all aspects, for the students.
He urged that if anyone suspects that someone is doing business, the Sengbhalang should inform the Council and it will take the necessary action according to the law.
Referring to the Under-17 Girls tournament, which was held at Madan Heh Mini Stadium, Mawlai, West Khasi Hills Sibsingh Memorial Govt Hr Sec School won the 6th place. The goals were scored by Younishna Thabah (23,42,52,26 min), Philasakhi Marngar (27 min) and Ibadondor Nongsiet (50 min).
“Don't be afraid to mushlia and woh dong too much for something that is not right or the time will come when you will be punished by the people,” said the CSWO. and to KHNAM for understanding the plight of the people and with great thought has decided to support and encourage Bah Ardent.
Since the past, violence by the Assam authorities has been heard from time to time, but while there has been no incident of violence in the state, no one has commented on it. their judgment.
Regarding the peace and order in the Elaka especially during the elections, the Elaka Dorbar has banned the MDC/MLA/MP candidates from campaigning during the elections in all the villages in the Elaka. The Elaka has more than 4 small vehicles as approved by the Election Commission, except for the rally.
Regarding the above, I would like to request you to publish in the newspaper U Rupang News for the purpose of awareness which is for the benefit of many churches.
Shillong: The Ultimate Legend Biker Association Sohryngkham Unit, on Tuesday held a one day meeting to discuss the issue of environmental protection. village and neighboring village.
Shillong, November 13: The Nongkwar Dorbar Shnong will hold a cleanliness drive on the 17th November from 8 pm.
“Regarding the electricity problem, the department holds a meeting every day, the problem is that in the state up to 4 units have been lost and NEEPCO has also informed that its two units were missing"he said.
They will first live in houses prepared by Shavei Israel and after that, they will be scattered to different parts of the country.
He urged the government that if it does not resolve this, the state will face difficulties in the coming days.
He promised to take this issue to the Executive Committee of JHADC and urged the Dorbar Shnongs to take responsibility.
The arrested person is Lalmungsanga Beingaichho of Siaha District, Mizoram.
She added that the 21 Law Commission of India after a thorough review of the amendments to the Family Law in India has submitted its report in April, 2018 and recommended that the UCC should not necessary and not good.
For more information, please contact the President, General Secretary, San Shnong.
The NPP-led government wanted to bring in empty camps in the state, but the continued opposition has forced the government to stop.
And one of the soldiers pierced his side with a spear, and immediately blood and water came out.
Bagchi has been charged under many sections of the IPC including 120(B), 504, 506 and many other sections, he added.
Earlier, Svitolina, who played in her first Grand Slam since becoming a mother, has now entered the tournament for the fourth time in her career. The Ukrainian defeated Daria Kasatkina 6-4, 7-6 (7/5) to score nine victories in nine matches against The Russian player who reached the semifinals of the tournament last year.
For those who don't know and see the village of Seinduli in West Khasi Hills District, I would like to publish this article that maybe, through it, will help those who don't know well about this village. Villagers, especially those from Jaintia Hills, Khasi Hills and Garo Hills to learn more about this village which is located along the road from Nongstoin to Riangdo.
Once these medical colleges are completed, the government will appoint well-trained doctors to teach in these colleges and will decide how many seats will be available in each college.
He recalled that for about 40 or 100 years Meghalaya has been exporting electricity to neighboring states and even abroad.
In the first half, the match between Umsawnongbri and Umkei was very friendly and in the middle of the struggle to score the first goal, Umsawnongbri and Umkei. The match ended in the middle of the second half and it was in the second half that Umkei Sport Club managed to score the first goal of the tournament. the winner of this football tournament.
The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) has withdrawn Khasi as a compulsory subject in the 10+2 examination. However, the government has emphasized that the removal of Khasi from the status of Compulsory Subject has no meaning for the students.
The Office has promised to take action and send this demand of the Seng to Shillong.
These rituals were performed by the religious leaders of the Seiñraij including the Dolloi, Sangot, Chutia, Pator, Langdoh and the elders of the Raij.
Rahman, 56, said it was very difficult to choose the right films to compete at the Oscars and the opinion of others was needed.
The ability to translate into Khasi written language these writings and others not mentioned here not only shows the thought of other ethnic groups or religions but especially shows that the Khasi language is be rich and able to communicate with other languages ​​of the world.
According to Daiapherbha, if we count the 2 percent Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) last year, the company earned Rs 400 crore and should have received Rs 8 crore, but where is this money?
The KSU Mawlai Circle, after inspecting and finding out the condition of the bridge, demands that the relevant department should take immediate action and repair the bridge. to build side drains on the roads so that the water can flow freely and does not damage the road or the bridges on the road, said the statement. KSU Mawlai Circle General Secretary Samla Rapborlang Nongrum.
Earlier, Bah Jyllud had escaped from the police when they took him to the Civil Hospital, Shillong for treatment.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Pius Marweiñ expressed his gratitude to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare for getting its own Sub-Centre in Ngunraw. The foundation stone laying ceremony is no longer just a symbol but one of the hopes for the future of the people in need of health assistance.
“The people of India have volunteered for the Amrit Mahotsav,” he said.
Maki also have to produce their own food.
He said the issue has arisen but the Department of Atomic Energy is still studying it as it requires a lot of planning and work.
It does not mean that He existed only from 3BC, the year He was born in flesh, but He existed from the beginning from eternity.
He said that more than 85% to 100% of the officers in government departments in Mawshynrut have come to work part time, thus the relationship between the people has deteriorated.
If you don't want to, you don't have to worry about anything.
Shillong, June 30: A child, Dajied Syiemlieh, has been kidnapped by Bangladeshi robbers in the past few days.
This is unacceptable, as it affects the movement of the people especially the sick.
However, speaking on the preparations for the 2023 MLA election from Nongkrem, Bah Bindo said that he has decided to contest without hesitation.
The book was translated into English by Bah Kamailang Nongmalieh, Lecturer, Sohra Government College, and into Hindi by Miss Diaphira Khar Sati, Research Scholar.
“We will only release the tender related to the hire, which is temporary and we will pay on an hourly basis to the company, and this is the only way. which we can provide and at the same time not waste money,” said Sangma.
If this is the case, it is very difficult for parents to send their young children to school, as they have to travel to distant villages.
Drinking two glasses of this tea every day can reduce stress and anxiety.
Stop being prejudiced and criticizing others.
“We have decided to remain in the Opposition and this is clear and our position will remain our own without joining the group of other parties in order to preserve the uniqueness of the VPP and also “If there are any issues that we don't agree with and other political parties in the Opposition, it won't affect us,” said Bah Ardent.
In this regard, the officers said that there is a project in the smart city and it will be implemented soon next month,” said the CEM. The Government has promised to take care of the parking lot near the Hima Mylliem because like the crimes committed in Motphran, the market people flee to these places to rest.
At the time of writing, police did not report the number of arrests and injuries as they usually do.
“We needed to have our own Doctor Recruitment Agency to look at the level, the view of their qualifications to recruit them".
US President Joe Biden has made it clear that the US will not allow even an inch of NATO territory to be owned by anyone, but he has said that it will not send any troops. the American troops, to those allies, who are close to Washington.
So far we have not seen that.
I’u pood u sam ym book yaklam, Da boon was sold and auctioned.
The tournament, which is open to men, women and the elderly, over 18 years of age, started at 6:00 pm from the Polo Ground Shillong.
They can now be seen all over the country such as Langpih, Ri Bhoi, Shillong, and the coal mines in the Jaintia Hills.
It is still the same in our Meghalaya.
Our earth will last forever, that the wind will blow and the waters will flow on this earth will give life to us humans and wild animals and plants.
In a meeting with Amit Shah in November 2022, the Chief Minister of Mizoram informed that the relocation of the Assam Rifles has been delayed due to the presence of several obstacles that the government has constructed. you can meet.
On learning of the incident, NHP leaders from Ri Bhoi and Sengkmie, including Lam Dempep, President of NHP Sengkmie, Thehlut Syngkli, President of Ri Bhoi, said: Bhoi, Brapshoin Vice-President and members of the union, visited the factory to discuss and find out the reasons for the incident.
Speaking to reporters in the presence of MP Vincent H Pala, Dr Celestine said that the Reliance Company has charged T.3000 for mobile connection. One of them promised to return the money, but when she left Dong Mihngi she did not return the money to the people.
They have benefited greatly from the Industries Office in Nongstoin by taking the initiative for them to participate in many places. has received its own Executive Office and Industries Office, but has not received any assistance or recognition.
These include those who have received permission but without any approval,” said the Congress.
He said, for example, the ILP will be like a card used to enter the Secretariat, foreigners need to have a card, and it is the same for those foreigners who need to have a card. obtain a slip to enter the state and how many days to stay and for what purpose.
The Lama shall not wear a saffron robe, but shall wear a shalor.
Kyrmen Shylla also spoke about some of the great works of the Kyrmen Foundation which has helped the people in times of need and this scheme will continue to provide more and more assistance. services to the public in need of emergency assistance especially to transport them to health facilities.
However, this remains a dream because in Ribhoi, where the former owners of the land gave their land to build this school, they gave with the spirit and understanding that the youth of the land of Hynniewtrep nine skum will be able to teach at this school and to provide services to the farmers of our state through research and extension activities.
The total cost is T.388 lakh.
Therefore, they deserve attention and protection.
Sangma said he had asked Kiren Rijiju, Minister of State for Home Affairs, to take action on the matter and to lodge a complaint against the incident. play chess.
This happened at 10:30 pm, while my mother was sleeping outside.
Every street vendor needs to be trained on how to clean because it is the right of every consumer to have clean and safe food. There are still people who will come forward to take this step.
On the other hand, Bah Badapjied Kylla, Convener MTET Qualified Teacher, said that in the advertisements released recently, the deadline for submission of forms is 10th July The rejected list will be postponed on the 6th June 2020, but due to the outbreak of coronavirus, the government has announced that the date of publication of the names will be postponed. the date of the interview.
“Behold, the Lamb of God, which taketh away the sin of the world” John 1:2
This is a major failure on the part of the law enforcement agencies.
Therefore, the government should have thought for the benefit of the people.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad acknowledged the statement of Prestone Tynsong that there is no agreement that the post of Lamphang will go to the UDP. It is up to the MDA to hold a meeting to discuss this issue”.
He said that the second phase will start with the members of COMSO, the Labor Department and the District Task Force. and check whether they have the necessary documents.
“This initiative will not only fill the gap, but will boost the economy and create employment opportunities for the educated youth,” said Deborag.
If officers are appointed who are still in office, they are not free to ask questions and investigate because they have to be afraid and obey their superiors or ministers.
She also directed the police department to arrest the robber immediately and to provide protection to those who have encountered this incident.
A tree has fallen in the middle of the road in Damalgre and another tree has fallen on electrical signs near the MBOSE office, Tura.
However, you have thought about how much your lateness affects your work, not to mention how much you have earned from the working hours you have been assigned to work.
But if the tribe is given to the man, there shall be no sting from the man, because if he commits adultery, he shall bear the children of his hands, because they are his tribe.
It is on this understanding that it is encouraging and encouraging to see a Pastor or a graduate of Theology to contest the election.
The scheme will be launched by Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma in the presence of AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare and Dr Indu Bhushan. of India.
These exploiters have become the 'langïong' of the nation who are ready to sacrifice even the future of the nation just to get their own seat and plan.
It is rich in fiber and antioxidants that can improve cholesterol levels.
The growth of agriculture and the ability of farmers to produce more agricultural products have made the country self-sufficient and stand on its own feet without importing from other countries.
In addition, there will be special monitors who can measure BP, body weight and others.
He said that as the Rangbah Shnong of Pilangkata, Bah Besterfield Shylla, he has already met with the leaders of the HMAR Community and the Zomi Welfare Association to discuss the issue of peace and order. Their arrival in the village and this stay in the village should not affect the peace and order of the residents of the village where they have to inform the village authorities and the police so that they can do what is necessary in the city.
Three months before Meghalaya goes to the elections of new MLAs, various political parties have been struggling to get the most qualified and prominent people to vote. participate in the election.
After entering the boxing industry, Mary Kom decided to drop out of school to focus only on the boxing industry to become famous.
It is said that these methods of fighting that Ukraine will launch from now on will completely change the nature of the war launched by Russia in the past 15 months.
The NGT order has stipulated that the rules should be prepared and implemented within four months.
In another report, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) has made it clear that it will continue to support Ukraine, but has refused to implement a flight ban. Country.
When asked whether it is not the leadership that has brought the party to this election, Bah Lapang said, “In the elections there are times when we get what we expect and there are times when we don't get what we expect”. .
Although the teams drew 1-1 in the first leg in Shillong, United scored the first goal at home through Amit Chakraborty in the 23rd minute. for scoring more than one goal in the first half.
On the BJP's decision to submit a complaint and information to the central government on the flooding of the ISBT building in Mawiong, Tynsong said, “I don't have anything to say on that but the BJP should come with a complaint and information. They should bring to the attention of the Government when they find any shortcomings.
We have also received assistance from the Agriculture Office with 12 bags of fertilizer and plastic bags to cover these seedlings,” said Ms Rymbai.
Earlier, the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, had submitted a petition to challenge the NGT's ban on coal mining. , to his Cabinet, after 15th July 2014, when he is expected to swear in 25 more ministers, most of whom will be children's ministers.
Phrin did not recognize Bah Mit even though he was nearby with the priests who brought him.
Speaking to media, the Rangbah Shnong of Umskun, Bah Stephan Kshiar, said that the residents of Umskun have been complaining to the government departments and even to the government departments. However, the demand of the people has not come to fruition and until now this road is still only a dirt road and a stone road which has caused a lot of trouble to the people in the country. let's go.
One of these test centers or IPHLs has already been set up at Pastures Institute Lawmali Shillong and one each will be set up at Jowai, Mawkyrwat, Mendipathar and Ampati. .
The YMCA in collaboration with the Shillong YMCA on the 26th of this month held a Free Medical Camp at Laitkyrhong Village, Mawkynrew Block, EKHD. Dr WB Langstieh, Dr Warimeki Ryntathiang, Bah Kynsai Chyne (Pharmacist), Paramedical Staff- Shillong, Staff of PHC Jongksha and Rangers of St Mary's College were present. Dr NC Nonglait and Yvonne B Nongrum from the medical team.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, LD Lakiang, Secretary, Union of Dorbar Shnongs, RI Jaintia, said, “We are happy that the District Council has recognized us because we are now in the middle of the road. It should have existed long ago, but we have never had leaders who understood the plight of our fellow citizens at that time.
The petition was signed by the President of KSU Delhi Unit, Marbiang Khongwir, Vice President Wallamkupar Nongsiej and Joffy Tangsong, General Secretary of the KSU.
He advised the public not to spread information that is not true.
According to the Rangbahshnong, about 80 out of 100 residents live mainly from agriculture: rice, jhur and Synsar.
In our time, after the wedding, we ate only healthy foods or drinks.
It is learned that the APS forces lost the signal of AH 5017 an hour after it left the scene.
There will also be a ceremony to honor Babu S.Nongrang and Babu.
“If Kohli doesn't criticize the Congress government, he will be fired by Narendra Modi,” he said when asked by reporters how he feels about the BJP leader's remarks. “Kohli has only a strong feeling,” said Dr Mukul, adding that there are no supporters of the BJP in the state.
The soil of this area is very fertile and the people living in this area are all farmers.
Journalists should not publish hate speech or insulting statements that could cause violence as campaigning on the basis of race is prohibited under the election rules.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government has not only sealed the hospital but is also preparing to curb the spread of the corona virus in the state. .
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare said that many of the works have already been implemented under the ECRP which is still ongoing and there has also been an allocation of another major project from this budget. For the Critical Care Block worth T.21.38 crore, the work has started and no misuse of funds has been found.
The incident occurred after the truck went wrong on the road.
On the other hand, the MDA government has done the best that all the governments that have been in power in the state for the past 50 years have not been able to do.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the manager of BSNL also promised to provide network in the village in the coming days.
Jha is currently in the custody of the Meghalaya Police.
U Bah P.Syiemlieh, expressed his gratitude that the organization has been able to contribute to the community even with small donations. He said that this is only the first step of the organization from this circle to provide assistance. He urged the students to work hard in their studies. He also urged them to be humble, polite, respectful, and to be obedient children to their parents and teachers.
Shillong:The Seng Khasi Kmie, Mawkhar Shillong through this statement informs all the branches of the Seng Khasi Youth Seng in the area that the Dorbar Bah will be held in Hynniewtrep and Hynniew Skum. Shillong on the 18th July, 2018 (10 days) at the Seng Khasi Secondary School Jaiaw Shillong starting at 11 am.
Khongsdir said that for three months now, the fertilizer vendors have not received fertilizer, because the government has banned and no one has been able to renew their fertilizer licences.
It is learned that Pappu Yadav was speaking quietly at the meeting, but while he was trying to campaign for the election, the rynsan collapsed and thus, Yadav fell into the rynsan with his hand. I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
With this victory, Umphrup has qualified for the semi final of this biggest tournament in the North East.
The first Sohniamtra to arrive in Dubai was 1.5 metric tonnes to 20 metric tonnes.
At Golflink, John Barla spoke about the development works done by Modi.
According to information received, Bah Lamkupar Snaitang, President of FKJGP Umpung Unit, from Umpung Village, South West Khasi Hills District, who is also one of the drivers of commercial vehicles from Mawkyrwat to Shillong, has been arrested. to say that he was one of the “Good Samaritans” because of his relief work to people who were in need or even on the verge of death that often happened to people in floods.
I'm sorry Papa “Papa is no longer in this world, but I know wherever you are, you're always with me.
The death toll in the past 24 hours has risen to 36, bringing the total to
Speaking as the chief guest, Conrad said, “This celebration and culture are what give us our identity, therefore we must preserve, protect and promote it”. .
“On 11 July 2022, I requested again for RTI, which is in accordance with the Meghalaya Building Rules, which states that any person who builds a building, must submit the drawing plans, the pata and others and in the RTI report these are all the documents".
Overloading is a loss to the state.
There were six candidates for the post of Waheh Shnong and Phresmi Suting won.
He saw that she was fast asleep.
Government officials, including the Director of MUDA, State and City Mission Managers of MUDA were present to explain and explain the scheme.
Secretary, MSWDA-CB.In another development, Bah Hopestandard Myrthong, one of the leaders of various school associations, said that there will be a general meeting of schools on the 30th November 2019 at Khasi National. Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar Shillong to discuss the Mid Day Meal Scheme for School Children.
“Our choice of Nongkrem is after meeting with many leaders from this constituency who have expressed their concerns until their families have come forward and helped as much as they can,” he said. said.
Nongpoh: The Executive Committee of the UDP Umroi Circle, which was held on the 25th of this month, has decided to The UDP Central Body has decided to lodge a complaint with the UDP Central Body and to clarify the news without the knowledge of the Umroi Circle.
Speaking to media after the Behdienkhlam festival, the Minister announced the allocation of assistance to the village of Ïalong through the Chief Minister Special Development Program scheme for the improvement and protection of the land especially the fields in the village. the village of Ïalong.
“There are 3,95,000 households of which 70 percent are women who will benefit from this in the entire North East,” she said.
Meghalaya and Assam have agreed to proceed with the completion of the second phase of demarcation at three places – Langpih, Borduar and Deshdoomreah while talks are ongoing at the other three places. Block 1 & Block 2, and Psiar-Khanduli.
Some have also filed a PIL in the court on the implementation of the Roster demanding that it should be implemented continuously since
“Through this festival, the Meghalaya government will be able to showcase the richness of the state in terms of tourism, music and others,” he added.
He said that these leaves have fallen to the ground, but with the presence of this unit and in collaboration with MBMA and Umkiang IVCS, plates, bowls and shamoid will be made to improve the income. The opening ceremony was conducted by Raplem Pohduna, Secretary Umkiang IVCS. The welcome speech was delivered by Bah Lasting Pala, Waheh Shnong Umkiang. Chairman Umkiang IVCS. An earthquake measuring 4.2 on the Richter scale struck Myanmar at 12:57 AM on Tuesday morning. Longitude 94.49 East.
In 2018, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, was concerned about the cultivation of sohphan because this variety of soh is being done without any money.
In order to bring closer the police and the people, a ceremony was held at the memorial to these heroes at the headquarters of 4th BN MLP Sohpian in the presence of the Sordar, members of the Dorbar Shnong, Members of the Seng Kynthei from Sohpian, members of the Seng Samla Sohpian and the people of this village and neighboring villages who also witnessed the parade as part of this ceremony.
The state has already vaccinated 68 percent of its residents so far.
“The revenue collection gates are like a stumbling block to the farmers and this affects the income of the farmers who work hard to produce agricultural products for the needs of the people of the state,” she said. speaking to the media after the event.
One woman and another youth died at the Civil Hospital Nongstoin while three others were injured in the blast.
She urged the participants to eat well the various wild fruits that can be obtained from their local areas and to reduce the price of expensive foods and GMO foods. of members within the households is essential to achieve the goal of this campaign.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Guest said that the Block in Mawsynram is very old.
Without the road, it will be difficult for the people especially the sick and the farmers to deliver their produce to the market,” he said.
On the other hand, Bah George Lyndoh also questioned the Government on the deployment of up to 4000 Assam personnel in the border areas and on the allegation of Assam that there has never been any border dispute with the state. Meghalaya, however, was the first state to take over the land of Assam and the Leader of the Opposition, Dr Mukul Sangma, said that the MLAs of Assam The opposition supports the MDA Government in relation to the settlement of the border between Assam and Meghalaya if the Meghalaya Government acts in the right manner.
Nongpoh, Nailur 18: The Soil & Water Conservation Department of Meghalaya on Saturday awarded 52 Field Assistants after completing the Training Course. 11 months of the year 2015-2016 at CTI, Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi District.
Don't smoke only drugs, the place where drugs are spread so much, work hard to eradicate drugs, not drugs.
Your Tiew has an immersion rod with 10 kilowatts and 10 hours.
On the allegations that the MMPO has been passed only by the Cabinet, Dr. Mukul said that no law can come into force without being passed by the Legislative Assembly.
“I have spoken against the government, I have spoken in understanding with the staff association of the office, and for this I apologize to the honorable CM and the government as well,” Johnson said. I have said this without the knowledge of the EC of JHADC.
He urged the youth to take the IAS examination as the youth of the state can now compete with other foreigners in the country for the post of officer. not the top duh.
Shangpung MDC J Treilang Suchiang has returned to the United Democratic Party (UDP) at a meeting held at Infinity Hall, Ladthadlaboh on Saturday.
According to Robertjune, the introduction of the Bill is against Articles 21 and 19 of the Constitution as the Bill is aimed at increasing the number of Hindus.
The incident happened at about 10:30 pm after the army stopped the people from going to Dawki at the army camp in Umsyiem village.
[This is the news, quoted from the Hindustan Times]
Conduit : means 'liewpar' 'liewsam-'liew is an abbreviation for 'conduit' when synropized with another word to carry the full meaning, such as 'liewshkor' or 'liewkhmut; par is the one who passes through any path, sam is the one who passes through any path.
The drugs weighed 71.476 kilos and a Maruti (SX4) (AS01-AN-3312) was also seized.
JSU President Rikut N Parien, Secretary of the PRBDC, said that the Meghalaya government should take seriously the actions of the Assam Police and the West Karbi-Anglong District authorities. Their suspension of the construction of the bridge will affect the residents of Block I as a whole.
According to the MLA, 2 persons were killed, 3 persons from the same house were killed and some were injured from the same house. due to overcrowding inside the hospital and in the area.
The Assam Rifles in collaboration with the Customs on Tuesday seized heroin worth T.13.3 crore.
Shillong, Naitung 31 : The residents of Block II together with the Rangbah Shnongs under the leadership of the CORP today met with the Deputy Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah PN Syiem. to the border of Meghalaya.
If we walk bare-feet in the kseh hills, we will find that the soil is hard and the dung is covered with snow because of its dryness.
To ensure the survival of these trees, the DC said that they will be maintained within five years.
Now Bramah is better than Surmah.
On the other hand, the Chief Executive Members of Sohra District, Bah ER Sawian, Secretary, Union of Chief Executive Members of Sohra District, have submitted a petition to the Chief Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, urging the Government not to remove the project, and also requested to provide clarification on the future of this project which is very important for the Sohra area.
“I don't have any problem with any party in the upcoming elections.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Nongpoh Circle on Saturday visited the bookstores to find out the truth after many complaints from the public. The parents and the organization have found that the booksellers charge more than the price of 10 and 20 tyngka per book.
From 1979, 1981 onwards and until its completion in 1991 and 1997 by introducing the Single Window Policy.
"In Meghalaya, 2 lakh employees have registered under the E-Shram scheme from the target of 9 lakh," he said. to enroll themselves in the platform in order to avail the benefits of government schemes.
The march was held at Nongjngi from Khliehshnong to Ionglwit with the call for justice.
This victory led Imson to three points while Smit had to leave home empty handed.
The contest in West Shillong Constituency will be a fierce one where Bah Paul, former MLA, Bah Ernest, who is contesting for the first time, will try to defeat the incumbent MLA, Bah Mohendro Rapsang. who has been expelled from the Congress party and has not yet announced from which party he will contest again in the upcoming elections.
In 2021, Dr. Sabita took over as Principal until her retirement.
There were also merchants, tax collectors and servants of the Hima.
Secretary-Kymmo Patwat, Organizing Secretary-Alwin Suchen, Assistant Organizing Secretary-Lamchwa Dong, Information Secretary-Dunilangki Suchen, Education-Secretary-Heibor Suchen, Sports Secretary-Banshanbor Ksih, Assistant Sports Secretary-Pyndah, Discipng Secretary Assistant Discipline Secretary Ewanmi Rymbai.
It is to be recalled that in the second month of July last year, the Assam Police from Langpih BOP after Nepalis living in Lawbah informed that there is a road construction in Umwali village. it is from the MNREGS scheme, so they came and stopped it immediately.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The Don Bosco Past Pupils' Association, Shillong in collaboration with the Indian Red Cross Society has organized a program to provide free medicine to the patients of Langtor, Nongdom, Tiehbah, Dombahkseh and Bynther. on Saturday 16th of this month at Langtor LP School.
The union is concerned that in other parts of India, the construction of these ICP-Phase 1 dry ports or trade ports has not been completed, while Dawki has not been completed. and it was also witnessed that the work of building it had been suspended.
This can be found in the Book of Nehemiah.
The KJCLF stands in solidarity with the Christians and others in the country who have faced and experienced these violence, and the Forum prays for the continuation of peace and harmony.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: Pelcy Snaitang has been with the Congress party since she was 19 years old and has become the leading leader of the party. She has been serving in the Congress party for more than 20 years in the state, but now the people are shocked to learn that the Mahila Congress leader has joined the BJP. , the political party in this country.
The NPP will nominate its candidates for the Mizoram State Legislative Assembly elections this time.
“Referring to the destruction of the environment, I would like to congratulate the NGT for its decision to ban coal mining for the sake of the preservation of all living things and the environment.
All muster roll employees of government departments including PHE, Agriculture, Horticulture, Forest, Soil, Education, PWD (Roads & Building) and Health Department are invited to attend the meeting. Sir.
Commenting on the placards of some residents of Mawprem in front of his residence, Bah Paul said it is surprising to see in the videos that taxi drivers are demanding to change the reservation. “If the policy is changed, it will not benefit them at all. Even if the Khasi are given 70%, they will not get government jobs and will end up as taxi drivers,” he said.
They also demanded that the District Council should remove the throne of Nangtei Syiemiong and if the District Council does not listen to the demand of the people of Langrin Hima, the Hima Youth Wing and others paid the Hima, you will do what you need.
Referring to the demand of other ethnic groups in the state to share 15% in the Job Reservation Policy, the Minister said, “We have met to discuss this issue with the Prime Minister. , where other ethnic groups of the state last month and we have informed them that they should send in writing all their feelings and findings and it is this Expert Committee that will take a decision" .
As from that place he came, but he endured the most terrible trials until death itself.
Madrid said the 34-year-old, who has played in Germany's foreign leagues, has decided to end his career after Euro
He also demanded that the DC should remove the Assam police who have been deployed to patrol Khanduli village for more than 10 months.
So far, 857,957 people have been infected worldwide and the death toll has risen to 42,139, according to the Johns Hopkins University.
Another deceased is still at the morgue at Khliehriat CHC and the cutting contractor has not been identified yet.
The earthquake on Tuesday measured 7.1 on the Richter scale, while the one on Friday measured 6.4 on the Richter scale.
It is worth mentioning that until now there has been no change in the withdrawal of money by the public and the withdrawal is still T.24 thousand tyngka per month and T.2400 from one ATM per day.
In the 2nd Division, Nongthymmai SC beat Umphyrnai 3-2
The HSPDP has also strongly opposed the appointment of Parliamentary Secretary in the state government. “We have been watching closely on this issue and our demand is clear. We have also met with the Governor to abolish the post of Parliamentary Secretary in the State Government and to have only 12 Ministers. to take care of this matter".
In the past decades, the CM and other political parties have attracted the people of the state with jali jaum and promises.
According to the party, forgiveness of crimes is necessary for the progress of peace talks.
Both of them are students of Kelley School of Business of IU and have been missing since the 15th.
Jesus through the Holy Spirit is still working today only if people believe and only faith is needed.
On the other hand, the National Vice President of the BJP, Dr.M.Chuba Ao also came to campaign in a chopper. which the BJP party will implement if it comes to power.
Before I explain and explain the purpose of this, to explain to my fellow countrymen and my opposition to the word which is against our Jaitbynriew Hynniewtrep, I would like to say that I did not bring it to You have the intention to bring this issue as a religious discrimination or as a religious discrimination in our country and nation.
Gurgaon, November 3: U Jitendra Kumar, a resident of Gurgaon Sector-4, has been shocked to find that his electricity bill has reached Rs 75 crore.
Select the appropriate State/ UT against which you are seeking admission.
The Minister of State for AH & Veterinary, Bah AL Hek on 19th November, inaugurated the long-awaited Modern Bi-Species Abattoir at Demthring Village, West Jaintia Hills.
The march started from Pahambir village at a distance of about 5 km. The march was attended by Bah Bansynsharlang Khongwir, Tourist Officer, RBTEDF leaders and Bah Plielad Tiewsoh Chairman. , journalists, village leaders and people from all over the country.
On the other hand, the Lum Sohpetbneng Committee, Seng Khasi Kmie, informs that vehicles will be allowed to board until 12 noon and those who wish to return to their homes, will be allowed to get off from at 2 o'clock in the morning.
He said that blood transfusion especially from rural areas is one of the main causes of the spread of HIV/AIDS, as many of the patients who need blood at any time cause They don't know whether the person they take the blood from is clean and free from these diseases, but if they have this disease, the patient who He encouraged the people not to be afraid and to become blood donors at any time as is done in Government hospitals as well as government recognized hospitals.
Meanwhile, the National General Secretary of AITC, Abhishek Banerjee, has confirmed that if the TMC comes to power, it will implement the WE Card scheme within 10 months of coming to power. 1,000 per month in your bank account.
It is the first time that the whole world has seen the happiness, the bright faces of the Kashmiris because they have seen a bright future.
Maharashtra has reported 920 deaths and 57,000 new cases.
“This action of the BJP government to repeal Article 35(a) is not something we should just listen to.
For Congress leader Rahul Gandhi, Narendra Modi's name is now Surender Modi.
The NPP also did not help.
The semi final will be played on July 5, where Khliehmawlieh will face Mawlai from Group A while Rangdajied United will face Mawlai from Group A. B will face Shillong Lajong from Group C. Group B will play at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai which is also the first semi final between Rangdajied and Lajong which will start at 10:00 pm. 1:30 pm.
Dr.H.Carehome Pakynteiñ said that at this centre, he treats various diseases such as Taro, Shwar, Bampong, Tijo (Tohjaw), Niangsohpet, Jyrhoh, Pangksuid. Kjut-khloo) and other types of diseases.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 155 new cases have been confirmed and 1666 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
He recommended that if possible, a general supply of vaccines should be avoided.
The deceased were identified as Imdad Nongrum, 60, Feroza Khan, 40, Rejeya Ahmed, 35, Saira Ahmed, 45, Kaiyam Udin Ahmed, age.
On the 17th May, the Village Authority held another meeting and at this meeting the Dorbar decided to give this public explanation.
According to the work order, the work should be completed within 60 days but the house has been idle for 60 days since the construction started.
After the incident, the Shallang Police Station rushed to the scene to conduct a thorough investigation and to search for those involved in the incident. the area.
On the other hand, when we hear about the situation in Mawkyrwat market, it is clear that there is no cooperation to bring about a clean environment, because most of the time it is the office of Manager Sankur. to ensure the welfare and cleanliness of the Mawkyrwat Market.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday submitted a petition to the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik. as minority religions in India under Section 2 (c) of the Minorities Act,
“At present I cannot say anything because the investigation is ongoing to find out from where this letter was stolen and once it is found where it was stolen, those involved will be punished according to the rules. Shillong, June 15 : The Nongthymmai Sports & Cultural Club on 13th June, 2023 celebrated its 75th Anniversary.
“I expect that those who raise this issue, have the opportunity to become legislators...they can bring their evidence there and they can also seek evidence.
Troops reportedly opened fire on people leaving a church on Saturday morning and blocked their passage in eastern parts of Cairo.
In the first match (8 pm), Seng Khasi College, Shillong defeated Kiang Nangbah Govt.
“Jaiswal, who asked how many times the Prime Minister has visited the region in the last 70 years of the Congress Government, said that in the nine years under the leadership of the party, the Prime Minister he has visited the North East more than 50 times.
Shillong: With the aim of reducing the government's losses, the State Government has decided to abolish the price reduction of T.2.50 per petrol and diesel.
Ziona, 76, has the largest family in the world and heads the newly named Lalpa Kohhran, founded by his mother, Khuangtuaha. , in the year
Eventually, the eldest son also repented and received a Bible.
The deadline for submission of entries and list of players is on or before 17th September to the Hony General Secretary of WJDSA. on Tuesday in Eastern Jaintia Hills.
At the same time, the Three Members Committee has also declared seven applicants from three Sub-Divisions as not having bad marks.
Therefore, if necessary or when there are cases where humans have to operate, these drivers can operate and do whatever is necessary with the help of these equipment installed on these buses.
The Chairman of HBDRF, C.Sungong, said that the explanations on his Twitter, Whatapp or Facebook or social media are not enough, but he should apologize immediately and explain on what basis and facts. I don't know if you're an illegal settler.
This means that those who are poor, those who are suffering, those who are in need of help.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The meeting of the 8th Scheduled Committee appointed by the State Government will be held on 25th June to discuss the recommendations of the Special Committee set up to give recommendations on this issue.
In Tamil Nadu, you can't pass NEET, even if you're in secondary school, you can't compete with others. The bill was passed in the Assembly and the Doctor was a state subject.
What are you doing in Dhankheti?? I've built a shop on the river.
Shillong, July 06: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday announced that the State Government has decided to set up the Directorate of Forensic Science in the State.
The speakers on the occasion blessed him and wished him success in his plans and activities.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, Mukul said that in democracy, people can take any path that is not in accordance with democracy.
AYWO, one of the organizations that has been monitoring the smuggling of timber from the government forests, has recently received a complaint from the public regarding the smuggling of timber from the government forests. They went to Damalgre Mellim and seized a Bolero Pickup ML 08 G 3739 carrying a truckload of timber.
JOWAI: Students of ICFAI University Agartala have reached the border to clash with each other and there has also been an incident of breaking into motor vehicles and breaking into doors at their residences.
Three members of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) have been arrested for threatening tourists and the owner of a guest house in Mawdiangdiang.
And it will hide for a while by looking from a distance, whether people know how to be careful and take care of themselves.
The World Bank's report comes ahead of its meeting with the International Monetary Fund.
The angry protesters also burnt down the statues of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Home Minister Amit Shah and Chief Minister Biren Singh. Police Station in Bishnupur district at 4 pm.
Shillong: The number of new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today has risen to 20, according to a statement from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
The bail for the Bishop is on the condition that he is not allowed to enter Kerala at all, that he must surrender his passport to the police and that he must appear before the police once a week.
Shillong: A woman has apologized to the management of the Rabit Lake Tourist Spot Committee, which is in charge of the Rabit Lake Tourist Spot Committee, Raid Nongkhlieng.
His words were words of prophecy.
' or by telephone at 8259058642/7005326776/8
The decline in birth rates was sharpest in South Korea, where in 2022, the birth rate was only 0.78 percent, down from 1.20 percent in
Explaining the incident, these youths said that they had received training at the Cardiac Research Centre, Tura for three months and were promised a job.
It is for this reason that the fish from Andhra Pradesh have been forcibly cleaned.
The salary of these patients will be Rs 1.5 lakh to Rs 2 lakh per month besides the accommodation and training expenses.
Three minutes later Khongstia scored another goal for Nongtdu.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today said that the IAS officers in the state know the price of They don't know what's going on in the market.
The committee has recommended to the Brahmaputra Board to take over the task of preventing the erosion before further damage occurs.
“However, Susan has lodged an FIR against me for alleging something that is not true,” said the president of HANM. The women's wing has resigned from her post as general secretary of the women's wing.
Speaking as the chief guest, he urged the Mawkyrwat Block office to turn more attention to these areas so that they can increase their income for the people of this area. The majority of the area lives on agriculture and focuses on agriculture.
He said that the BJP government has implemented many schemes for farmers in different states of India and the BJP wants the schemes implemented by the party to be implemented. and the farmers should benefit from these schemes that the BJP government has implemented to develop the farmers in the country.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Spill Thamar, Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District as the chief guest, in the presence of other dignitaries including Alfoz. Nongkhlaw, Marcus Marten, Lucas Maring and other elders of the area.
The ISIS flag, which also reads 'Join in ISIS', was found hanging on a tree in parts of Lower Assam District yesterday.
Phritson Kharkongor, said: “That his Kur is “Jaid Dkhar” and that his mother-in-law is not a Khasi woman known as “Mohkhynhong”.
During the patrol, the patrol team left Chibinang for Dadenggre area, and at 1:15 pm, a group of 3 to 5 armed robbers hid in Magalpara village nearby. newly constructed RCC bridge.
I have already decided that in the end the opposition will be the INC, AITMC and VPP, as I have already decided that we will never be able to form a government. to overthrow the Government without the A'chik.
He also admitted that the candidate whom the party is contesting from Jowai is a good person because he has a broad understanding and is also humble.
“As of now, the people of Sohiong have not accepted the NPP and if you look at the staff and supporters that it has, they are only a few supporters of our party but because of the HSPDP, it has elected me. Many of the employees are still with us,” said Bah Sandondor.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister said that this is a more detailed matter and therefore, it cannot be explained too much; but the fact is that the government is struggling to resolve this issue and hopefully it can be resolved within 48 hours.
Currently, the shortage of water in those areas where synsar cultivation is strong has caused worry and distress not only to the synsar growers but also to those who do not plant.
Now in the Assam Legislative Assembly, you said that the area of ​​the clash between the Assam police and the Meghalaya police falls within the border of Assam and falls under the jurisdiction of Karbi Anglong District.
In the first match between LMK FC and Seiñ Kynjei FC, Seiñ Kynjei FC beat LMK FC 3-0 by the end of the match.
Please correct the Hima Khyrim and not Khyrim.
Besides, it also demands that the working day should be from Monday to Thursday so that the people can complete their work.
We know that the government does not receive 100 percent of the revenue because of the lack of conditions.
According to the order, all schools should reopen from 16th June, 2017, while the summer holidays should be from 29th July, 2017 to 7th September, and they should resume school on 10th November, 2017 after the winter holidays and the summer holidays should start from 16th November, 2017 to 15th June,
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Bah BS Sohliya, IAS on Thursday released and distributed the Draft Electoral Rolls for the Special Summary Revision of four constituencies, namely 1-Nartiang, 2-Jowai and -Raliang and 4-Mowkaiaw to the leaders of the political parties at the meeting held at the Conference Hall of the DC's Office. ADC FB Basan and ADC DV Lyngdoh.
However, it will take a long time until the fish farmers in the district can supply even the fish vendors in Nongstoiñ.
Another issue to be discussed at the special session, Shylla said, was the implementation of the rules of the Town Committee to implement the Building Bye Laws.
It is worth mentioning that many of the residents of Mukroh, although they have proper land titles and documents to prove that they own the land below the village, but because u Assam has become stronger and they can no longer cut down dead trees from the forests which are their own.
The HSPDP, PDIC, HNF, PDM, KHNAM, PDF have come out with a strong spirit to serve their children in Ri Khasi, but all these parties have collapsed and fallen into the abyss. forget the life that no one wants to remember; Only the HSPDP and PDM who are still sdien in the middle of that latlat phyllung and flowing slowly slowly as if another party like the VPP has been formed. Basaiawmoit in the past rule, has worked hard to gather the akhia and children of the nation from the lyndan to the rangli juki who are determined with a sincere heart to cleanse the country from corruption. to the bottom of society.
The Joint Action Committee on Two Lane Road Nongstoin-Mawthabah today met with the CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). NOC should be issued for the construction of the road.
The AIADMK has revived its relations with the BJP ahead of the Lok Sabha elections in
The Meghalaya government today appointed UR Chandranathan as the new Director General of Police.
From the day of the resurrection of the Lord Jesus until His ascension to heaven were 40 days (Acts 1:3).
As mentioned above that the Khasi society was founded on the existence of kur and as exemplified by the geographical name, the attempt (with the purpose to distinguish between the Khasi and the Jaintia will also lead to the destruction of the unity of the kurs who come from the same thymmei.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Sadon Blah said the meeting of the three groups was to discuss urgent issues before the start of the peace talks. He said that before the peace talks between the three groups start, the government needs to welcome the HNLC members by opening the door for them to come to the HNLC. “In today's meeting, the HNLC has not set any demands or agenda but has set and expressed that it will wait. “The government should drop all the cases against the HNLC members,” said Bah Sadon.
They also recalled the legacy of Bah GH Kharshanlor, who was one of the leaders who was involved in the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state and also in the demand for the erection of signboards. on the India-Bangladesh border and especially in those Khasi villages on these borders.
It is worth mentioning that this railway has reached the entire eastern part of India, from Assam, to Dimapur (Nagaland) to Tripura, Manipur and to the plains of Mizoram.
She said that Kong Blah has encouraged them to plant tree species or seedlings that are suitable for this area because trees that come from other places or abroad are not suitable for this area.
The NHRCI said that the Dispur police had violated the law by arresting a woman in the evening which was against the law laid down by the Supreme Court.
They are not intelligent people for political purposes but they are only strong enough to trade even human souls.
“It is not only my own income but if the youth who have received training is part of employment opportunities, they will also get jobs if they know how to use them,” said Bah. Piles.
Since assuming office, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has directed all ministers to visit the North East once every two months to monitor the progress of development works. poured by the federal government.
The improvement of the working methods of the fishermen has started after the collaboration between the District Rural Development Agency and the Meghalaya Basin Development Agency to achieve the aspirations of the fishermen.
Shillong, June 24: Maw-U-Tieng SC won the 2021-22 Women's Football League 2021-22 sponsored by the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) on Saturday at the Shillong Stadium. MFA, Polo, Shillong.
Furthermore, it was witnessed that there was a destruction of the parking lot of the traffic police and an attempt to extinguish the fire but this too did not catch fire due to the arrival of the police to extinguish the fire before it spread.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: U Rangbah Kwor Marbaniang on Tuesday said that if the Khasi people do not have God, they will have disappeared long ago since they invaded and were defeated by the French who came to change their religion and customs. the faith of the nation.
The angel looked at the register and said your name is here-so you can go and sit peacefully in the Kingdom of God.
"“The death toll of cows since November 2022 so far has been 200001 and the estimated compensation is T.30000/- per cow according to the NDRF criteria. for the compensation of farmers due to the deaths from Lumpy Skin Disease (LSD).
Sadly, the Hindu people of Hindustan have now given more power to the BJP and the BJP leaders have now made it clear that they will bring back the CAB. be Indian citizens even if they enter and stay in India illegally without proper documents.
“The second part of Langpih, Block I and Block II is more difficult but we will work together and we will try to resolve it by mutual understanding”.
Benjamin Basumatary, Chairman of Bhairaguri VDC, Harisingha (ST) BTC Constituency, has been relieved of his post. Basumatary's position has been strongly criticized by many churches during this election.
Then the day came and all the members of the household agreed and did as Risatein had ordered that the synsar should be kept away from the house, but Nangpyrdang revealed to them that the synsar should be kept away from the house. I'll put this synsar near the door and see what kind of woman she is, and immediately she came. Risatein saw her from a distance and the people who wanted to know about Risatein's wife sat around the field and came to his house. Oni Dkhar (Dolloi ba la hlad) who was higher up the hill so that they could see it clearly, but as soon as she reached the ground she saw from a distance the synsar and she called Risatein and said what is that? I will go back to my house and she threw away the gold and silver on the ground. The gold and silver turned into stones, because they did not believe as she had sent. She said to him, "Let's go together. If you really love me, and if you don't love me again, you will stay there without children or hands. Because he loved her so much he left the house and before he left he said to his mother, “I will leave you mother from this world because you don't want Pyrsa”.
In the second innings, Meghalaya struggled and in 8 overs they played well and finished the day with 18/4, and had to score another 398 runs in the next match.
Likewise, for those who need employment, we will try our best to provide employment.
When he comes, he doesn't come on time but on the day of payment of the bills.
The minister said she will send a report and how much money has been spent to purchase the medicines we don't know,” said Bah Marbaniang.
“If they continue to demand only temporary suspension and if it is possible that up to 500 people are involved then it is not easy because we cannot know who is involved in this incident,” he said.
The game will continue today at 8:30 pm weather permitting.
There they found a piece of land suitable for cultivation.
The Chief Minister said that the first step to resolve the border is for the two states to agree on the land, the second is to take the matter to the Central Government and the Government. The middle knows what the states want and ultimately the Parliament of India.
“We cannot say what we think, we have not met with Defense Minister Amit Shah, and after the meeting we will understand the voice of the central government,” he said.
Nazarine D Sangma of West Khasi Hills won the best player title and Shamiki Myrchiang of West Jaintia Hills won the title of best player in the men's category.
Shillong, Nailar 04 : Mawlai SC and Nangkiew Irat SC have been unable to play in the OC Blue Shillong Premier League (SPL) 2021-22 on Friday due to heavy rainfall. Third Ground, Polo, Shillong.
On this occasion, equipment was also distributed to the farmers to make fertilizer.
The ability to provide a stadium that is on par with other sports venues in the world, has attracted the attention of sports fans and thousands of residents of Meghalaya who have The tournament will be held at the Pa Togan Nengminja Athletics Stadium in Tura.
At the same time, he urged all the residents of the village not to be afraid of this curfew which has affected their work in many ways and this is for the sake of the cleanliness of the village. “It's a good idea to have a complete garbage dump,” said Lywait.
Bhoirymbong: Mynken Higher Secondary School Bhoirymbong has won many awards in the Subroto Cup and boxing tournaments.
On the apology and thanks to the feet by the BSF, Dr. Buam said, “If there is anything wrong I am ready to forgive but I cannot thank to the feet.
This herb comes from the coriander seeds and is used worldwide for flavoring.
A proper investigation is urgently needed as the family members have the right to know the facts as they are and what are the reasons for the death of their daughter.
If the son of the prostitute does not come home, even the father does not know that the brother is guilty.
So the less time you spend on social media, the happier you will be.
Speaking to reporters, CP Gotmare, DC Ri Bhoi, said that an examination will be sent on the same day. He said that he has already directed the Pollution Board to conduct a thorough investigation and warned that those involved in this case will be punished. According to the rules of law, whether it is the factories that discharge waste into the river or whether it is the smuggling of drugs by the thieves.
He said that the MRSSA Act is to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners into the state while the Government of India is considering the Inner Line Permit which has been passed in the Legislative Assembly. .
May God take care and bless you all.
Furthermore, with the aim of building 500 homestays this fiscal year, the Meghalaya Homestays Scheme has been launched in conjunction with the Prime Minister's Employment Generation Programme.
On this 186th anniversary of the death of Syiem Tirot Singh, one of the last Independent Syiems of the Khasi who made himself famous in 2021, I would like to invite all of us to Parar Ri to turn back and turn away from what this great man who fought for the Khasi Hills and his Jaitbynriew who with wisdom and courage gave himself to fight with courage even to lose Your Life for the Country You Love.
NOTE ON DIGESTION ABILITY:—Gastrointestinal dysfunction is one of the most common problems that can affect all parts of the body.
Before leaving Shillong, BJP President Amit Shah held talks with several senior leaders in the presence of Child Development Minister Kiran. Rijiju who came to Shillong.
Jyrwa said that as seen on social media that there is a threat of bus drivers, this is wrong and there is no such incident.
From formalin, people can get leukemia, blood cancer and other diseases.
A little bit about the song, this song was written and composed by Rev John M Moore, minister of the Baptist Church in Glasgow.
On the other hand, the government should send immediate assistance to the farmers so that they can get hope and support.
In our society, the most commonly remembered numbers are the numbers one, three, four, five, nine, nine, ten, twenty-four and forty while the numbers khadphra are not remembered to be used by the ancients.
She urged the residents to come forward to donate blood as voluntary blood donation saves the lives of those who need blood urgently in times of illness.
If it doesn’t help, look into other options.
After a few hours, the meeting was held and at the beginning of the meeting, the Assistant Waheh Shnong of Lumshnong, C Rymbai, expressed his anger against the district authorities and MSPCB officials. The EPH meeting was held in Lumshnong without the permission of the Dorbar Shnong.
Article 46 clearly states, to improve education for the backward classes.
We who have lived and lived longbriew manbriew from this plate of food are pained to see that it stands strong in the midst of such difficulties and difficulties.
Speaking to Rupang, K War said that at the meeting, which was also attended by Pyniaid Syiem, MDC, the decision was taken to allow the Gorkha Training Center (GTC). ). This gate was built by the French troops during the victory of the war, while this is the road of Mawshbuit village, which has not existed since 1842, which is also the age of the founding of the Shnong.
However, at the same time, Pynthymmaibor criticized the MLA Dr Donkupar Roy and MDC Teinwell Dkhar for not doing anything to bring peace and order in the village. The people should have the responsibility to bring peace and order in the village,” said Bah Pynthymmaibor.
The office of the BDO Mawphlang has been vacant for three months and has been sent to the BDO of Mylliem C&RD Block.
“The IO has said that he has no authority to talk to us and has ordered us to meet with the SP of East Khasi Hill, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger or the SP of City, Bah Vivek Syiem. who have no authority to speak on this," he said.
The owner of the house, Rimika Lyngdoh, said that at that time, the whole family was sleeping lyngngai and there were 8 children, 4 children of her husband and two children of her sister. light thaw from the pyrthat.
Another way to prevent the spread of the disease is to cover the head and mouth when sneezing, coughing and keeping clean.
If there is a dispute, go to the law enforcement agencies or the courts and do not take the law yourself.
When there is love, the relationship and unity between parents and children is strong.
We won't if they bring it back.
In the HSSLC, Balapdianghun Lyngdoh Rngaid scored 71% and scored the highest marks in Political Science and English.
This was announced in a statement by Bah A.Lyngdoh, General Secretary.
“ “I don't know why, when it rains, the light goes out.
Take care and be wise like a bsein and be gentle like a parrot.
The mob reportedly destroyed the shops in the area and chanted "Jai Shri Ram" in front of the Muslim mosque.
The Principal also expressed his gratitude to Bah Syiem for bringing closer relationship between the people through the Civic Action Program and other programs especially to provide assistance to the residents of this area especially the poor. 4th MLP Bn, Sohpian.
They also sent their condolences to the Meghalaya government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma as the Chief Minister of the State for the shortcomings in the working methods which have led to the loss of their brothers and sisters. not only now but in many cases such incidents have been seen and the lack of action of this government.
Guwahati: There have been 67 new cases of Covid-19 in Assam.
When we have knowledge, we forget God, we feel that all this is the fault of man himself.
When wealth has become the master of man, man does not know God, does not fear God, does not respect his neighbor.
Eljidary Wartde and Lari-janai Wartde were the winners of the girls' category.
West Khasi Hills Police have arrested Meban Shangoi on 31st June in the presence of the Sordar Shnong and the elders of the village.
This order was announced by AC Marak in accordance with the Government Order issued on 30th July, 2017 and a copy was sent to the Commissioner and Secretary of the Government of Meghalaya. Government of Meghalaya, Ministry of Education, Dy.Commissioner, Sub-Divisional Officer (Civil), JNT DSEL, DSEO, SDSEO to announce to various schools.
The sentence came four months and three days after his trial in the US District Court in Brooklyn, New York.
In fact, it can also be called thohsur, but the word Thohsur is more similar to writing songs, which is similar to the English word 'Lyrics' or 'Songwriting'
However, while the work is still pending and has to be resolved, the village through the Rangbah Shnong on 27th July 2020 has called a Dorbar Parippa to discuss how the village will decide on these four households who are against the village. The only reason why they are against the land grabbing of the VEC Shnong and in this Dorbar is the violence and seizure of power by the Village Leaders under the leadership of the Rangbah Shnong and misleading the people. The Rangbah Shnong has taken a decision to leave the village with the warning and order that anyone who violates the decision of the dorbar will be punished. At the same time, without allowing the land owners to explain to the public, he ordered and forced them to remain silent and wait for the decision of the Dorbar.
NASA will now launch its $2.5 billion (£1.95 billion) land rover to search for human life on Mars.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Ms. C.Kharkongngor said that this day was a happy one in which the project was achieved through the collaboration and contribution of NABARD, MGNREGA and MSRLS-NRLM. This market will be a blessing to the farmers where they can market their products in their villages and at the same time it will give advice to the self. Help Groups (SHGs) to be united and work together because only unity can bring about and achieve these great things.
He said it is regrettable that those who came from the open category have passed but do not want to work with the government and the address they gave, when they went to study they were no longer there. The DHS office will have to search for them through the colleges where they are studying and if they do not agree to work with the government, they will have to pay a bond of 15 lakh to 30 lakh rupees. They take time to study medicine and will be punished according to the rules given to them at the time of signing their names and the deadline for submitting their names will be on the 31st of July and if they do not come, they will be handed over to the SPs to search for them and punish them.
Former President of Mawlai Circle Donbok Kharlyngdoh is the Convener while Kyrhembor Saibon is the General Secretary. KSU Delhi Unit has been appointed as the Secretary of the new party.
However, in developing countries, there is no research and research to verify that the fingerprints and facial expressions are accurate and that the registration and issuance of Aadhaar numbers can be implemented without error. .
It can be a systematic dialogue process for Government, business and civil society to work towards inclusive development with a view to economic and social development.
Therefore, she said that the AITC also has a goal to fight for this issue until it is achieved for the benefit of the people of Meghalaya as a whole.
Lajong have earned nine points from four games in the Shillong Premier League.
Nongpoh: The 1st Miss Umsning Constituency Cum Fete, which was organized by the Mawbyrsiew Group, started yesterday at Nongthymmai Umsning.
He is God telling the end from the beginning".
"On this day, the world famous Disc Jockey (DJ) from Romania Eduard Marian Ilie or Edward Maya came to perform and the audience was shocked. hands and feet because of his skill in playing the music from the skilled hands and hold the disc.
Other MDCs who will support Stephan Mukhim are Jowai South MDC Saron Paswet, Sohmynting MDC Lakhon Dkhar and Amlarem MDC.
“These leaders want to destroy the jaitbynriew, they are spreading around the places just for their own benefit,” said the KSU leaders. The MLA has withdrawn the PMGSY road from Phlangdiloin to Phlangmawprah just because he is the person they supported in the elections but why are they protesting against the Uranium two lane road?
She said that depression is one of the most common diseases in the elderly.
The Bill has caused opposition from the people for removing some of the provisions while the ruling PDF has urged the Governor to accept it.
Thomas is the only person from Meghalaya to win the bronze medal in the Taijiquan Optional event.
This was confirmed by his father, who said that his son is currently undergoing examination.
Shillong, Lber 1: U Chief Secretary to the State Government, Bah DD Lapang, on Tuesday met with the youths of the state living in Mumbai after returning from Pune on the 27th of this month. date of June.
Gupta was arrested after the mother of the victim lodged a complaint with the police.
In Ribhoi District, 11 cases, 2 cases in West Khasi Hills and 1 case in West Garo Hills.
“Why are you crying? “What is the reason?” asked the young son. “Accept what I tell you because if I tell you more, the nations will be like rain,” said the mother. “I don't understand what you're doing.” The mother said and went to sleep. The son listened because the mother didn't want to. to tell that problem in the past.
Many of these couples marry only with the knowledge of both parties and often after a while the husband marries away and leaves behind his wife and children without the responsibility to provide for them. and without thinking how the wife whom he has left behind will support those children, especially if she is staying at home and looking after her children.
It may be recalled that the HSPDP has won 7 MDCs which is the highest number of MDCs among the ethnic parties but the party has only 3 MDCs including the late MDC Blanding Warjri. and Mawthadraishan.
The deceased was identified as Bah Phrailannes Nongsiej (54) of Mawranglang, SWKHD who was driving a motorcycle.
Malegaon is the worst affected area in Maharashtra.
When asked whether there is an allegation that there is a benefit to others and a loss to others, the Minister said that there is no benefit to anyone.
Indeed, violence against women should be condemned.
It was also found that in Mizoram, the ILP has been implemented through the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873,” said Shylla.
The Rangbah Shnong said that the village authorities have tried their best to rescue the man, but it was difficult to convince him and he said that it was at about 8:30 pm. On the night of the 10th June, Bah Aiban had left the house, but he stopped in the middle of the night and died.
The funeral service will be held on the 22nd of this month at 1 pm at the Catholic Cemetery Mawlai Mawroh.
At the meeting, Congress leaders spoke out against the ruling BJP in India and accused it of banning the consumption of beef.
Shillong, Lber 31: Police have sent a complaint to Kong Sanmillian Mawrie that on the 20th of this month at about 2.30 pm, unidentified robbers robbed her. The victim was arrested on charges of stealing a motorcycle (ML-05W-9257) from her residence in Laitkor, Shillong.
Dr. Mansukh Mandaviya also inaugurated and laid the foundation stones for construction and health related projects in Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland and Tripura.
Speech was also delivered by Bah K Suting Vice Chairman of JACAMFU who said that this meeting today is only the beginning for a bigger struggle even to the point of going to the Secretariat to demand. “The rights of the people as most of the residents in the state are farmers,” he added.
Nongpoh: The office of the Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi, today held a special program at Umden Market, to provide training to the people of Umden, so that they can know many of the laws and regulations of the police. the law.
He said that talks with the MDCs in the PDF are ongoing and there are two MDCs who may join the opposition.
On the other hand, the KJP Synod Executive Committee has expressed its regret over the damage to the property of the Synod Complex due to the protests in these days.
In West Garo Hills, 105 cases, in West Jaintia Hills, 35 cases, 12 cases in Mowkaiaw Cluster and 3 cases in Shilliang Myntang Cluster.
Chief Secretary and Archbishop of Guwahati and District Commissioner of Sonitpur District.
He said that the worst problem is for the sick who want to go for treatment at Riangdo CHC and for the poor women who want to go for check up at the doctors in Riangdo. From Mawsmai, Langdongdai, Nonghawei, Porsche, Mawguru and others, it takes four to five hours for those who are difficult to walk to reach the places where there is no traffic.
KHUDA has admitted that it has received the support of 15 MDCs and the question is who will turn against the ARPA. The Congress leadership will form the People's Democratic Forum (PDF) with the participation of three MDCs from the ARPA. ARPA MDCs have already sent a letter of support to the new synrop group to lead the Congress.
Only 10 hours after the strike, the NEHU Students' Union (NEHU) has received a letter from the Incharge of Transport Department of NEHU apologizing for the inability to provide buses. The Union also rejected the protest.
Nongpoh: The leaders of the Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF), Western Zone, have expressed their anger over the increasing power outages in many villages in the Ri Bhoi District. During these storms, the electricity supply in the area has been severely damaged and has caused a huge loss to the people living in the area.
According to the information received by Rupang, these cows have died and many of them have died because since they were brought in, many of them have died. they are the ones who are not strong.
“These certificates have been accepted by various schools and banks,” said Kennedy. The public leader has helped many people to get benefits such as government schemes, contractors and others who deserve to benefit.
Let’s turn for a moment to the Mediterranean diet.
Rahul Gandhi has said that Khasi and Garo are not in the eighth schedule but he has forgotten about Jaintia. The BJP also wants to know and ask what the Congress has done in the past 60 years when they were in power in the country. Why didn't Rahul raise those words while he was in power, but only unfounded questions.
However, he said that the pending projects in Jowai such as MCH, B.Ed, Iawmusiang and others have been left unfinished.
In the non-age category, the union will select the top six players to represent the district at the Meghalaya State Level Sports Tournament to be held in Ribhoi District, starting from the 14th and 15th this month.
To say, I can't, is probably a statement that doesn't understand the way.
All the villagers from Wahlong are requested to attend the meeting to discuss many issues related to the elaka.
He added that the residents know that the BJP is an important party in the MDA-2 alliance, at the same time monitoring the work of the Government, as well as ensuring that the The activities of the Central Government introduced for the benefit of the people reach the beneficiaries.
These words of Bah Mohrmen are degratory and defamatory, which the law can easily punish those who say such things, if they lodge a complaint.
Zindans were a form of punishment and imprisonment practiced in ancient times.
He said the lack of networks of Indian companies has led to criminals taking advantage of SIM cards from Bangladesh.
This was issued today, 8th October 2024, as a clarification on the protest of the Sengbhalang groups against the interview and contract appointment at the Office of the District Social Welfare Officer, WKH, Nongstoiñ on 4th October,
These 21 development schemes, which will be built in these border villages, have been assisted through the North Eastern Council, which has allocated up to T.3 crore and additionally for the construction of Rural. Market for the people living in the border area.
The number of cases of leukemia in the UK has increased since the 1960s.
In the afternoon, the Sordars of Kynshi Pyllun Village and the Tymmen Basans of the Churches in the Kynshi area were also present.
It is good for you that you will not be chosen.
Shillong, July 4: The mid-term MDC elections in the 20 constituencies which remain vacant after the resignation of their MDCs have not been announced yet.
Referring to Pradhan's career, she has shown herself in foreign tournaments when the team went to South Africa in
The policeman was taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment.
Perhaps the challenge now is that if there are other leaders in the world who have the opportunity to attend the Dorbar Dalariti and to pass the rules of law in the country and the laws, they will not be able to achieve that goal. to be well.
The beginning of the Christmas story is simple but completely changes the world.
Nongrim Hills scored 10 goals from Justerwell Tham (79' minute) but the time was short for the team to score 3 goals to score 4-4 1 col.
The fire caused a loss to the owners of the house, but on the other hand, fortunately, there was only damage to the property, but no other incident occurred. do not grieve or injure people.
Lamyrsiang SCC beat Tluh SCSC 1-0 in the Super League Football match of the Saipung Block Sports Association (SBSA) on Monday.
This morning, TMC supporters blocked the NH 60 at Gangajalghati in Bankura district, but police drove them away.
Those who have Car-pass should wear stickers especially the vehicles of Fathers and Sisters and all vehicles attending church are requested to wear white flags to make it easier for the Volunteers to drive their vehicles. This was announced by the Media In-Charge of the Diocese of Jowai, Fr.
There are about 30 species of these trees and the purpose is to preserve and protect the environment within the foreign dew factory.
Nongpoh: Twenty-five employees of the Toll Plaza at Pahammawlien 20Mer in Ri Bhoi District, today held a rally in Nongpoh, after they have not received their salaries for four months. and were evicted by the management of a foreign company, which had taken over the toll gate.
He said that as it turns out, the people of Meghalaya have made a decision that should be respected.
The APYC also said that the extension of the deadline for investigation from 12 to 30 days against these 36 persons is against human rights as these 36 persons are not robbers. involved in violating government laws but fighting for the welfare of the state and also to protect the rights under Article 16(1) of the Constitution.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly on Friday refused to accept the demand of the Opposition to pass a resolution against the Uniform Civil Code (UCC). has not yet been introduced in the Parliament of India.
The leader of the group said that the excessive pollution of the river may be caused by the owners of houses and shopkeepers in Nongstoiñ especially those who set up shops near the river.
Meghalaya has been inhabited by a society that does not care about its own rights or does not know how to introduce a Khadar system that is in line with the needs of many churches or the needs of future generations. come.
Although they are just household clothes, you need to learn how to match them so that they look beautiful especially if you have unexpected guests.
Speaking to reporters, the President of CoRP Umtrew Circle, Bah Elvis Kyrshan said that the PWD Umsning Division department together with the village leaders and members of the party have already inspected the road. The estimate has been sent to the state government, but the PWD department has not implemented the road for more than five years.
The program was conducted by Dr. (Mrs) S.Kharbhih, Assistant Professor, Department of Botany, Kiang Nangbah Government College. and West Jaintia Hills, including Kiang Nangbah College, Jowai, Jowai, Shangpung College, Shangpung, Amwi College, Jowai, Don Bosco College, Byndihati and Ummulong Presbyterian College. , Ummulong.
He said that the party has received information that these Nepalis, after getting a place to live, have started raising cows again, which has caused pollution and destruction in the villages. and also harmful to health.
Secretariat, and the procession was on the occasion of the shooting death of two persons last year in Mookhep.
"To her credit, it's also ours," he said.
There are also people who drink kiad when they are sad or worried or when they have any family reasons and there are also those who drink it when they are happy or on holidays. christmas.
The seriously injured were rushed to hospital by EMRI-108 personnel, Mawlai Police Station, Search and Rescue Team and the public.
Speaking at a meeting of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW), Sailo said the government should provide more assistance.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) led by Bah Donbok Dkhar, President, today came to support the contract teachers who have started sleeping at night. in front of the Secretariat gate.
An ED team of 12 officers arrived at Kejriwal's residence with a search warrant on Friday evening and interrogated him before arresting him.
The three Khasi youths were identified as Barson Lawai, Standing Khriam and Dispar Mukhim, residents of Sabuda Village. It was also alleged that the Assam Police arrested him from Umpaklong near the Umler River.
These include EGH: 1, EJH: 1, EKH: 27, RBD: 1, SGH: 1, WGH: 2, WJH: 3 and WKH:
The four organizations recalled that they have been demanding for several months that it should be placed on all the borders including the border with Eastern West Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills and East Garo Hills. and also on the border with Assam.
Why don't they know or see that coal mining has been going on in Meghalaya for decades?” said Dr. Kharlukhi.
Health and Wellness Centers (AB-HWCs) under the Ayushman Bharat Comprehensive Primary Health Coverage program.
The woman and her son sustained minor injuries and after examination and treatment, they were released.
The Manipur government has imposed a curfew in 16 districts and banned mobile internet services for five days.
The EMRS School will provide free training for indigenous students from Class VI to Class XII and will have three subjects, namely science, arts and commerce stream.
Ghana also scored the equalizer through Andre Ayew in the 73rd minute.
These foreign workers gathered at the factory to protest against the allegation that they were shot and bombed during the inspection of the factories. These foreign workers have strongly condemned the allegation that they have been bombed and shot without any grounds just because they are foreign workers from outside Meghalaya.
“Together with the families of those who lost their loved ones in the shooting, we demand that the Prime Minister and the Government of Meghalaya should take strong action against the Assam Police and Forest Guard. involved in the shooting," he added.
He said the engineers of the PWD department are preparing the Detail Project Report (DPR) for the remaining road from Trongpleng to Lad Bagli.
Nongpoh, March 31: The MLA of Jirang Constituency, Bah Sosthenes, while laying the foundation stone for the construction of the Block Integrated Development Complex near the office of the Block Integrated Development Officer, Jirang C&RD Block, Jirang Constituency, Bah Sosthenes. Sohtun also took the opportunity to urge the government employees in the BDO's office and other government officers under the Patharkhmah Civil Sub Division to arrive at their offices on time and also to I work in government offices according to the schedule set by the government.
Other laws were passed after this, to regulate the areas relating to other authorities on customary affairs, trade and markets, forests, courts. judgment, land matters, taxes, land rights and others, including the customs of Hima-Sima and villages.
All the speakers urged the residents as well as parents to cooperate with various government departments, and urged the school children to continue their studies. them so that they can reach the goal of success.
Speaking to media after the meeting, CEM of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne said, “We have decided to pass a resolution against the implementation of the UCC in the Sixth Schedule areas and we will pass this Resolution in our respective Councils.
He said the police department has set up a Cyber ​​Crime Branch to curb fake news and crime on social media.
Regarding the attempt to set fire to the IB, the PWD Officers have already informed the Umsiang Police Outpost about the incident and have lodged an Ejehar. to the Police to conduct an investigation to arrest those robbers involved in this incident.
The Cabinet also approved the amendments to the Meghalaya Compulsory Registration of Marriage Act, which came into law in 2012. To strengthen the implementation of NREGA, as mentioned by the Ministry of Rural Development of the Union Government, the Cabinet today also decided to set up a NREGA. Natural Resources Management Committee in the villages.
The five-year road painting season has started to spread across the country, villages and townships whether in the rural areas, suburbs and inner cities as well.
“In the party we need more intelligent and younger people.
Obama laid two more flowers at Gandhi's grave.
Ong is the word sneng.
The opening ceremony of the seminar on the 15th of November was attended by 60 leaders from different parishes in Garo Hills.
This group is now identified with the Dravidian ethnic groups, which speak Tamil and Kannada.
Therefore, in order to avoid any untoward incidents and affecting the peace and order, through the provision of Act 144 Cr.
At present, the number of beneficiaries of the PMEGP scheme in Meghalaya is only 8 percent which means that many of the educated youth who are entrepreneurs are very few beneficiaries of this scheme. for the youth.
Shillong, Naitung 01: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday submitted a petition to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh demanding that the investigation should be handed over to the Central Bureau of Investigation. (CBI) on the irregularities and irregularities of the PWD (Building) Department of the State Government in the construction of the new Legislative Assembly according to information received through an RTI reply requested from the Chief's Office. Engineer of PWD (Building).
Informing that a Market Committee has been set up to manage the market, he said that it is also necessary to keep it clean in collaboration.
Last year, Japanese football fans packed the stadium to see with their own eyes Lionel Messi, Kylian Mbappe and Neymar in a friendly match for PSG. However, this time the number of spectators at the stadium was very low.
However, if they think and ask themselves, perhaps it will bring about change and the best service will be provided to the people.
Patna: Acute encephalitis syndrome in Bihar has killed 130 children, including 93 at Sri Krishna Medical College in Muzaffarpur and 19 at Kejriwal Maternity Hospital in Bihar. in Patna.
Besides, according to reports, Bah Amazing has been able to meet with the President of the VPP, Bah Ardent M Basaïawmoit.
Teams from near and far are invited to take part in this tournament which will be held at the Mini Stadium in Mawten, Mawkyrwat, South West Khasi Hills District.
He said the government should not be proud to say that it has won the border demarcation because the people are not satisfied.
The 10th U Kiang Nangbah Inter Office Badminton Tournament 2023 will be held this month and invites all government employees to come and participate in the tournament. this is the lympung.
He said that these days the children of these pharmacists don't know how to give medicine in the past. Even if they go to school, they want to become doctors (MBBS) Engineers or other related jobs. The scientist urged the students who have pharmacists in their homes not to forget but to follow the example and learn from the They have decided that this method of treatment in India will continue to exist.
One of the empty checkpoints of BSF troops and Bangladeshis who have set up a playground on the Indian border Many of the residents of these villages, including Nongkhein, Amlympiang, Amdoh , Amsku, Rhongkum and Mutakpur, where most of the residents of the area earn their living by cultivating Kwai, Tympew and other crops, but it is sad to hear the voice of These farmers, because besides cultivating and working hard in the fields during the day, but they have to torture themselves by staying at night, just to avoid being stolen these crops from the thieves who come from abroad. Bangladesh.
The program was held at the Chapel of JRTC in Mawklot and was conducted by Rev Dr BS Sohkhlet, Vice Principal of the College.
Because at the time of its release, it was during the worst of the COVID-19 pandemic, so it has helped greatly to prevent the rapid spread of the virus and other diseases besides improving the quality of life. the burden on health facilities which still have to struggle to provide health care to the most vulnerable communities.
On July 17, 1987, Paul Biswal Makri, a KSU volunteer, was shot in the head in Motphran area and died on the spot.
"God has been very gracious to us to give us a wonderful leader," he said.
The NPP leaders and NPP supporters, said that it is on these grounds that the violence by the top leaders of the NPP and those who have not respected their fellow workers in the constituencies, has led to the They urged the NPP to leave the party in Nongpoh Constituency, saying that if they remain in the party, it doesn't matter to them, because all the jobs have been taken away from the higher authorities.
At that time, a Toyota Fortuner (ML 08 J 1974) came at a high speed and turned on the siren and light saw and covered all the vehicles including her vehicle.
On the 14th of July, the Investigation Officer (IO) came to the court and submitted a report that 7 persons, 31 witnesses and 15 weapons were seized. Statements of 31 witnesses under Section 164 CrPC have been taken and they are awaiting the report of the FSL. The IO said the investigation is progressing smoothly.
Speaking to media, Tynsong said the police raided the house of the MDC from Tura after receiving sufficient evidence of illegal activities. that's what happened in this bag.
When contacted by Rupang, the residents of Mawsynrap village expressed their happiness by saying that they are very happy to hear the speeches from their MLA on the problems they are facing. They have to transport the sick to PHC Mawthawpdah or Mawkyrwat which makes it difficult for small vehicles to pass through this road.
Asking for support for Songsak candidate Nihim D Shira, Conrad said the people of Songsak have suffered because their MLA is busy only in politics. Congress to the TMC and failed to lead for the aspirations of the people.
The match on Saturday will be between Umiam Eagles and Nokrek Tigers at 9 pm.
The Union requests all the employees to attend this rally, as your participation in this rally will bring victory and fruitfulness.
He said that if the HYC does not come urgently, the HYC is ready to talk to Karuna and resolve the issue. The government has paid them crores of rupees, but if it does so, the union will continue to monitor their work.
He urged the students not to go to school just to pass the examination and that's all, but to study so that the knowledge they gain will last in their lives.
However, surprisingly, about 80 percent of the population of the state lives in rural areas.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 19: Leaders of the 20Mer Village Youth Association and 20 Sports Clubs, in the presence of civil society leaders including the RBYF Sengkmie, HNYF Northern Region, FKJGP and several others The DC, Ri Bhoi, Dr. Pooja Pandey, today met with the DC, Dr. Pooja Pandey, to express her opposition to the opening of the Toll Gate Plaza at Pahammaw Road.
All these places are public places and not private places.
Bah Ardent said that he has seen with his own eyes that the Khasi people have lost their ownership of their country and he said that if the Khasi people in Motphran make a mistake, they are ready to join hands. but if it happens in Khyndai Lad, Laban and Polo they have to call the civil society organizations to seek help in their own country.
Jowai: The Continuing Nursing Education (CNE) Cell of Jowai Civil Hospital on Saturday held a one day meeting with the nurses to discuss the issue of childhood illness. such as chronic renal failure.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said that the strengthening of home working is an important part of the need to protect the youth from drug abuse.
Shortly after, the doctor came out and spoke with a smile and talked in the ground floor of the CHC and did not call for a conversation even in the room.
In this regard, the union will meet with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, at the same time strongly condemns the officer of the department for his absence from work. to the employees of this office that they cannot tell the position they work in when asked by the union leaders.
“I believe that hosting this tournament will benefit our youth especially to win medals in the Asian Games, Commonwealth Games and Olympics. final in the tournament," he said.
The NPP candidate from Umroi, Bah Damanbait Lamare has defeated Bah George B Lyngdoh with 13943 votes while George B Lyngdoh has received only 12311 votes.
WA Sangma, DD Pugh, BB Lyngdoh, PA Sangma, Shri SC Marak, Dr. FF AKhonglam, Dr. DD Lapang, (L) Dr. JD Rymbai, (L) Dr. Donkupar Roy, Dr. Mukul Sangma, etc. have never encouraged teachers to take part in politics.
License plate Khasi, 'Engine'
“He (Saleng) has expressed his intention to contest the MP election,” said Lyngdoh. “Yes, yes, he (Deborah) has expressed his intention to contest, therefore, we have not decided anything yet. .
The first phase includes the football stadium which has already been opened.
Shortly after the meeting with the CEM, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlongbna said that during the meeting with the CEM, Bah Adilbert Nongrum in the presence of the EMs, he promised to take action. He said that soon next month he will call for talks with the farmers of Thyllaw and Mawlongbna to discuss the issue. look at this work.
However, Pawar said that not all the EVMs were in this shape.
He said the police have tried to gather information on the attack by the insurgents yesterday and have directed the police commanders to take other measures to fight against the insurgents.
The General Secretary has visited Umpling area to visit foreign workers.
Kitborsing Lyngdoh, President of the Seng Samla Shnong Mawkyrwat in his speech said that the Seng Samla Shnong Mawkyrwat has done many things for the village in many difficulties they have faced in the course of the They are the youth who have been looking after the welfare of the community for the past 30 years.
Nongpoh: Ka Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, today arrived in Nongpoh to inaugurate a traditional health center through herbal medicines. and the Meghalaya Traditional Healing Clinic, which is located at Paham Syiem, Ri Bhoi.
The HYC in a letter to the Cabinet Secretary of the Government of India has alleged that the implementation of the Saubhagya scheme in the state has been slow especially in terms of the recruitment of contractors.
Therefore, it is time for the intellectuals and intellectuals to wake up the youth so that like the youth of the state, they will continue to improve from time to time and when they improve in all areas. of life, we have peace and we can protect our own people.
Nongpoh: A 9-year-old boy, Ripu Nongrum, from Paham Syiem, Nongpoh, has died after being hit by an unidentified vehicle. and she fled from the scene, after she had struck the child.
On the day of the announcement of the name, it was also witnessed that the Rani had talked and consulted with the players and had also been able to open the stadium in the presence of other members. .
Syngkli is a player who used to play as a defender in the back middle of the team but this season he has played forward on the opposite side.
The owner of the house said that the cause of the fire was due to the collapse of the light which the woman used to light while she was sleeping.
Because all these things are just like the scribes and Pharisees who were inheritors of self-glory and not God.
Then, you have a contributory life insurance scheme of Rs.48 lakh.
This is the first of many programs held between 1st and 7th July 2022, which were conducted in collaboration with various government departments as well as agencies including the Center of Excellence for Natural Resource Management and sustainable Livelihoods, Meghalaya Basin Management Agency, Soil and Water Conservation Department, Forest and Environment Department, Community and Rural Development Department, State Rural Employment Society, State Council of Science, Technology and Environment, and ka tnat Agriculture.
BECC and other NGOs have organized such a Global Diabetes Walk for the second time here in Shillong and for the third time, BECC has joined hands with 136 Partner Groups of WDF has volunteered in 58 countries around the world.
Shillong, Jymmang, 09: BJP Leader Bernard N Marak, MDC of Tura, on Tuesday said that the BJP is not against Christians or any religion but against corruption. you are a Christian.
We should not forget to thank these Churches for their contribution in many areas of the development of our State.
Jowai, November 22: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday announced that the 27th November 2015 will be a local holiday for the Behdienkhlam festival in Tuber.
Under the SDRF Fund, the cost of setting up a laboratory, testing equipment for PPEs, thermal scanner, storage plant inside the hospital and setting up of containment zones has amounted to T.23.7 ​​crore.
The number of cases in India has risen to 1.5 lakh and the death toll to 4,3
The main objective of the event was to spread the views in Ri Bhoi District on voluntary blood donation.
United Brothers won the toss and elected to bat first, while Shillong Sixers set a target of 193 runs for the loss of all wickets in 18.1 overs.
Therefore, the Dorbar Shnong Pyndengrei urges the residents to cooperate with the village by suffering from time to time, so that there will be no problem during the construction of this road.
The BSF Meghalaya 110th Battalion on Saturday conducted a health program as part of its operation for the welfare of the residents living in the border areas of India. and Bangladesh under the Border Outpost Bholaganj in East Khasi Hills District.
Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Sanbor Shullai today inspected the site in the presence of Officers of the Ministry of Arts and Culture and Raphael Warjri, Chief Creative Director, Riti Academy of Virtual Arts. to project.
To date, only 56 such cases have been witnessed worldwide.
That night Rida was sad in her heart alone, although she didn't say anything.
The residents of the village said that the reason for the flood is because the drainage system is too small, so during the rainy season, the flood often happens, but the especially today, because there are many families who have been affected.
However, he said that the department has its own strategy to curb these illegal activities by following the rules of law.
Shillong: U Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy on Thursday said that the government is open to talks with the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) if it stops illegal activities.
Bhopal: Sadhvi Pragya Singh Thakur, Member of Parliament from Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh, has tested positive for Covid-1
Nongpoh: Lamare Football Club has won the 1st Open to All Football Tournament organized by Fabulous Four at Umsning Sports & Cultural Club, Patarim. Friends United beat Patarim 3-0
It is learned that these members of the Seng Kieng came to relieve themselves after the army was able to explain and encourage them to return to the path of peace and also to start a new life.
He made a point of saying it one day.
Meanwhile, Ms Susana said that they formed this group because they faced difficulties in the management to look after the 200 employees.
“In the last 5 years, we have seen a lot of change and development.
At the same time, he criticized Rev. NS Phawa or the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly for sleeping late after two years while they were sleeping soundly when the Law Department asked for the opinions and feelings of the Church. , civil society, civil society and others while the Legal Department is preparing the Bill.
Therefore, there is a great need for close cooperation between women and men especially in the implementation of the Meghalaya Compulsory Marriage Act and to support the enactment of the Equitable Distribution of Ancestral Property.
“In order to preserve the beautiful places in Meghalaya, the government will immediately introduce a Bill in the Legislative Assembly and a policy to prohibit the construction, mining or construction of Coke factories. in such places,” said Bah Paul.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest said that the receipt of the dewbilat house for the first time this year shows the backwardness of the Sohra area especially in such places which have been built since the time of the French.
Thus, the mother expressed her sorrow, because she had cared for him from childhood until he grew up.
Therefore, the woman shot her husband while he was sleeping in bed that night.
There they were trained before marrying the young woman.
Shillong: Police have arrested a Khar Bangla identified as Dulas Khan from Atghor village of Sylhet district on Tuesday morning at 2.50 pm. He was admitted to the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
These villages expressed their special thanks to the Maharaj, Ma Manbha Lyngdoh and others who attended the ceremony for their kindness to the residents of Namdong.
He said that this sukra festival is also a celebration of the Mei-Ram-ew which has revived the trees and plants of Ranem and the nature which has nourished and nourished the children. people.
On the same day, the Chief Guest and the DSO also distributed medals and prizes to the winners and losers.
Shillong: One soldier has been confirmed positive for coronavirus.
“Yes, it is not true, the news is wrong,” said Bah Pynshngain when asked whether it is true that he sent the village leaders to support Kong Fenella in this election.
So far, the candidates who have been nominated include the incumbent MLA Bah HM Shangpliang who has announced to contest from the BJP, Bah Alvin from the NPP, Bah O Suin from the UDP and now Bah Batskhem from the BJP. The party has not yet decided where he will contest.
“The B.A.B.Ed and B.Sc.
Khliehriat Police on Saturday seized five trucks from Moopala carrying coal and intended to smuggle it to Assam.
That’s not the mother or the government.
However, she tried to play well in the first set to equalize 3-3, but the Czech player managed to turn the tide before Svitolina won 4-0 in the second set. .
This causes weakness, nausea, blurred vision and the desire to drink plenty of caffeine to force us to stay awake throughout the day.
It is learned that sometimes when people who go to the forest see the killing of skei, there is a fight and the people take away the meat of the skei which has been killed by these robbers.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 16: The construction of the 6.2 km PMGSY road from Athiabari to Umshiak village on the Meghalaya-Assam border has been suspended since the inspection by the Assam police.
When asked why the price of synsar has declined, the Minister said that the neighboring states of Assam, Mizoram, Tripura and Arunachal Pradesh have increased the price of synsar in the last 2 and 3 years. production of synsar in their own States.
Sherrard Wallang from Kripa Foundation said, “It is after we have looked into the best place to hold this Free Medical Camp because the place is surrounded by villages and they are well-known and have fallen into drunkenness.
Let us also ask carefully from their goals or from their objectives as an organization.
Evergreen Mukhla beat Moosyiem Shangpung 5-1 in the first division football tournament.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills, Shillong, has declared a curfew in the villages of Jaiaw, Mawkhar, Umsohsun, Riatsamthiah, Wahingdoh, Mission, Mawprem, Lumdiengjri, Lamavila, Qualapaty, Wahthapbru, Sunny Hill, Cantonment, Mawlong. The villages in the Cantonment Beat House Areas, except those that pass through the Umshyrpi Bridge, are exempt from the curfew for nine hours from 8 pm to 3 pm. The curfew will resume from 3 pm, the government said.
The purpose of this project is to empower the indigenous people through the ALC. also helps to find new ways to ensure the future of food security.
“I urge the people to come forward to get tested for the corona virus and I also urge the public to encourage the people who are infected as part of the fight against the corona virus. Opposition Leader Dr. Mukul Sangma said:
The ARPA has appealed to the Governor after the Congress-led People's Democratic Forum (PDF) has withdrawn the rules of the VAB after being ordered by the state government.
Meanwhile, Chairman of the CoHSO Robertjune Kharjahrin said that despite the appeal, the CoHSO will not back down and will continue to intensify the protests in the coming days.
The meeting was chaired by HC Lamin, BMC, SSA Amlarem.
Then there are Wahingdoh, Riatsamthiah, Umsohsun, Lawmali, Mawlai Nongmali, Mawlong Market, Khyndailad, Oakland Road, Jail Road, Police Reserve and others.
Jowai, Jymmang 29: After heavy rainfall which has covered the banks of the Syntu Ksiar (Myntdu River) which has been filled with plastic and other garbage.
“Otherwise, next month in the new year I will stand together to demand the dismissal of the SP of East Jaintia Hills,” he said.
From time to time, robbery and extortion have become widespread, and violence has increased.
The vehicles are manufactured in Chennai and take between 15 to 18 days to arrive in Shillong and it is usual for buyers to wait between 5 and 8 months. it depends on what colors they want.
Kongrit Lyngkot FC won the title against Block 2 by beating Block 2 2-1 and won the title. Block 2 won a cash prize of T.15,000 and a trophy while Block 2 won a cash prize of T.10,000 and a trophy.
Their protest was to protest against the payment of an honorarium of 5,000 tyngka.
“Urgering the people to be vigilant, Bah Wahlang said, “Allow us as leaders to investigate more deeply for the betterment of this work. he went.
“I have made it clear that I will not thank them because I don't want to involve myself just for the election, but because I stand on the ground that I am the owner and the other residents.
He said that the university also has agreements with other universities in the world to improve education and at present the university has reached 74% enrollment. , that is, on social agreements with other foreign companies.
There must be 40 participants in this tournament, 7 of whom will be players and 3 of whom will be substitutes.
In the second match, Ksanrngi played against Mawsna and Mawsna won 2-1 goals in a fierce match. In the last match, Ksanrngi played against Mawsna. Nohroh FC beat Mawsir SC 3-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
Shahbriew received a load of rice.
During the five-day investigation, the Mawhati MLA has confessed to the crime.
“Sadly, we see that our Khasi girls, after the shooting, come forward to open these shops.
Shillong, July 3: Saturday was a day of shock for many BJP supporters in the state as many of the Mandal leaders have left to come to Shillong to vote. They took part in the presidential election of the party in the state, but their visit to Shillong turned out to be a turning point and did not come as planned.
Hundreds of supporters of the NPP from Nongkrem constituency came to accompany their candidate on the nomination day on Thursday afternoon.
Meanwhile, media reports said that MR has already canceled the program after the accident.
When investigating, u Bah Nongrum found that these vehicles were found from a junk yard in the same village and when investigating, it was found that a man named Plas Lipon came to sell these things.
The singers sing, What have we done this Christmas? To find the answer is difficult because when we look at the nature of the celebration it has appeared in many colors and we don't recognize the nature of this celebration, which is frightening and gradually disgraceful. because the Meaning and Celebration of this Christmas Season has a great difference.
Not only has it caused the destruction of the road, but the union has also informed the Minister that there is also the shooting of bon pathar which puts at great risk the walking of children.
However, we do not expect this to happen especially after seeing how the Government of India has repealed Article 370 relating to Jammu & Kashmir.
It is a shocking incident that the BJP candidate, who contested the election in his village, received only 10 votes, even though he has five members of his family. who voted on the same day of voting.
The meeting was attended by leaders of the NPP, AGP, MNF, NPF, NDPP, UDP, PDF, HSPDP, KHNAM, JD(U), NEE and IPFT. The bill was passed before President Ram Nath Kovind and Prime Minister Narendra Modi recently.
Then I was shocked by the way he prayed and I waited until the end of the prayer and then I spoke to them and asked if I could sit there with them and they said yes.
The two dead soldiers were identified as Sachit Biswa and Pappu Kumar Yadav, both soldiers of the 73rd Battalion. The incident occurred about 10 kilometers from Kathakona Outpost, near Borsora, South West Khasi Hills district.
The funeral service will be held on 12.03.2024 at 1:00 pm at the Rymbai Presbyterian Church.
Nyay, on the other hand, is the struggle for justice and fairness.
On the other hand, u Bah Baitlang once again urged the parents and young men and women of the country not to be bought by the power of money in this election. Silence.
“We will not accept this apology, we have rejected this.
The Minister said that some of these projects include the improvement of the road connecting Hamren and Howraghat (T.922 crore for 75 km) and also for the The new office of the Deputy Commissioner has been constructed at a cost of T.26 crore.
And until these days I am still suffering from this disease which doesn't allow me to eat, drink, walk, stand, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep and many things have to be seen with my own eyes.
As the Chief Guest at this meeting, he gave encouraging speeches and encouraged the Foundation to continue to do better in its work.
We should remember all those who have sacrificed themselves for tomorrow without sacrificing their lives.
Therefore, the people who come to Rambrai, Nongstoiñ and other villages have to walk.
Sanbor: Thank you.
Speaking to media, the President of the party, Bah Donbok Dkhar, said that the transfer of police officers is in violation of the Transfer Act (Meghalaya Police Act
ANTF police together with Umtyra Check Gate personnel and Khliehriat Police have set up a station at Nongsning under the leadership of Additional Superintendent of Police Banraplang Jyrwa.
However, Singapore's Interior Ministry on Tuesday responded to the matter and said Tangaraju was a thief involved in the case in recent years. and it can also be witnessed in different ways.
He said that if the people follow the guidelines laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the spread of the disease can be curbed.
It is also the first time for the leaders of the two countries to visit the monument and the second time for the Prime Minister of Japan to do so.
Aizawl: Amidst the border dispute between Assam and Mizoram, it is learned that the border residents of Mizoram have started digging crematoria in the areas on the border of the two states.
“We have spoken to Defense Minister Amit Shah who has asked to convene a meeting soon,” he said.
The other committee is for Ribhoi District headed by Prestone Tynsong and members are Dasakhiat Lamare, Mawhati MLA and Minister of State. Jirang, S. Sohtun, KHADC Executive Member Jambor War, two MDCs Rangkynsai Kharbuki and Vioctor Rani.
?" Someone else asked, “They only gave me a piece of bread and jhur.
Let us discuss this time the rule, justice and its relationship with customs and traditions and this subject is very long, because the customs or way of life of man, changes. be a law or subject to jurisdiction and judgment.
The Jaintia Dorbar is the oldest Seng Bhalang in Jaintia Hills, which was founded in the early 1900s and it is hoped that under the leadership of Wonderful Shullai, this Seng (Jaintia Dorbar) will continue to grow. .
It is not known how long the struggle against Bah Pynshngaiñ and Dr. Mukul Sangma has been going on, but in the end it is only the work of their family or their brothers and sisters whose father or mother is the High School. Command can be edited at any time.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The issuance of bill licenses to non-Khasis by the former ECs has not been transparent and slow.
Kushwaha also alleged that the government is following the RSS's policies and said, “I feel that I should no longer be a minister when the RSS's policies have been implemented in the government. ".
“Even Bah Lapang, who is one of the oldest leaders, not only in the state but in the North East, to leave the party is surprising,” said Jemino.
You lose water from your body when you go outside or when your body is too hot.
The fast bowler and batsman, was a prominent member of the Meghalaya Cricket Association's selection team for several years before he became the senior team of the state. in November 2022 against Delhi in Kolkata in the Vijay Hazare Trophy.
The President of the KHNAM State Youth Wing, Bah Thomas Passah, has strongly condemned the remarks of the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KAAC. “The statement of the CEM of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) that he says that the Khasi are poiei is a nonsense and a baseless statement. without knowledge.
This was announced by the General Secretary of the party, Bah Wanlang Rymbai.
They concluded their visit with Dr Pathak by handing over their books and having a meal at Dr Pathak's office.
" “Without the cooperation of the officers it is not easy to get development works, so in the last two years with the cooperation of the officers Mowkaiaw Constituency has received 15 village roads including from the State Government schemes, PMGSY, Nabard through RIDF XIV in Mukroh and Mukhap villages including the road from Biar to Saphai, the road connecting Garampani.
People living in the Developed World can get water in their homes as much as they want where each person in the household can use 200-300 liters per day but in many parts of Africa and Asia the water consumption is less than 5 liters and women have to walk tens of kilometers to get water a little water is also unsafe to drink.
He said that all these things have two sides, evil and good, so it is up to each and every one to choose whether to use it for good or evil.
Those who failed to fill up were allocated to fill those positions within three years.
It is learned that the eye disease has started spreading in Mawdoh area of ​​Rambrai and other villages in the area.
JSU General Secretary Treiborlang Suchen said that the rally was also part of the demand to amend the Reservation Policy 1972 for the benefit of the Khasi Jaintia people.
Under-17 Years Girls Best Goal Keeper: RibansiJamu from Sati Raja Sec.School District-Ri-Bhoi, Player of the Tournament: Makrisha Songthiang, Iewrynghep Sec.School District- East Khasi Hills Under-17 Years Boys Best Goal Keeper: Sib Singh Memorial Govt.
Mosjo, who is also the brother of Leston Wanswett, the candidate who has been defeated by Dr. Donkupar in many elections, has contested on the PDF ticket in the 2019 mid-term elections.
Meanwhile, in Dawki, there has been no electricity since Saturday until the time of writing of this news, which has been for two days.
The postponement of this fete is part of the efforts to prevent the spread of COVID-19 or Coronavirus.
However, the most important thing that has happened in Jowai is the lessons we have learned from this incident.
Shillong, Nailur 18: Although many MLAs/MDCs have given residence permits to people from their constituencies, according to sources, there is no explanation for this.
There are 49 teams from 29 states and Union territories divided into 10 groups, which will play in the single-leg round-robin format.
The HNYF said the Chief Engineer has promised to take action to provide electricity to these villages.
They don't want to see that the slap-slap mynder and the trai-ri slap-sla are increasing.
The laboratory will also investigate whether the fish has been involved in other such incidents in the past.
The IMA said 2,238 doctors have been infected and 382 have died in the fight against the virus.
Thus we hear that there is a conflict between the Khasi.
This is exactly what I remember the words of one Rangbah (bam kwai ha dwar U Blei), “The Khasi is a nation that cannot be ruled by others, but cannot rule itself”.
At this meeting, it was also decided to allocate T.36,000 to the schools which do not receive any assistance from the Mission Schools which do not receive any assistance from the government.
There are also those who have criticized Montagnier's comments saying that his statement is completely wrong.
The High Court also ordered that the Police Commissioner, Delhi should be responsible for the summons to the Secretary to ensure that he appears on that day.
“But now when they need votes, they have started to harass us again, I have rejected this and we have not yet decided whether to vote or not because no one has helped us and we don't have the MLA scheme. “If you don't get any benefit, why don't you vote if you don't have anyone to help you?” he added.
The meeting discussed several important issues including the establishment of two more polling stations in Mawhati constituency, Umkhang polling station and Mawlaho polling station.
The film was produced, choreographed and edited by Chesterfield Khonglah and recorded by Dezanz Ronhalus.
Through the PM-DevINE scheme, T.6,600 crore will be allocated for four years from 2022-23 to 2025-26 (the dry years of the 15th Finance Commission).
Regarding the failure of the MLA from Nongkrem Constituency, Ardent Basaiawmoit said the decision will be taken on the 2nd.
One of the issues that has been raised at the CHC Mawiong, is the waste of public money in which the village has allocated land for the construction of quarters. There are about 20 quarters in this area, but only 4 or 5 quarters have been built. that there are residents in these houses and the abandonment of these quarters has led to criminals who intend to turn them into crime scenes.
The use of the word “U Khasi” here means that it refers to the Khynriam and the Pnar.
“She should sit down from time to time in the living room to enjoy and relax,” said the father and looked around the room with the luxurious sofa chairs. “Do you have anything to say?” The father asked his mother, "What do you think? I'm calling you here to think about it," said the mother. ong the mother.
In the film, Taimur will star alongside Shah Rukh Khan, who will play the role of Taimur's father.
Shillong, Lber, 14: The construction of the office of the Meghalaya Transports Corporation (MTC) at a cost of T.216 crore has progressed, said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar on Tuesday.
The inspection was attended by officials of the Forest Department.
“These two people are the biggest enemies of the jaitbynriew especially the KSU and if the government does not immediately remove these enemies from their posts, the KSU will not hesitate to use force to exterminate the jaitbynriew. KSU General Secretary Donald V Thabah said in a statement.
I thought I had to talk to you but then
The number of cases in India has risen to 2,34,692 in the past 24 hours and the death toll has risen to 1,3
There were 139 participants from all over the states of the Eastern Region.
Shillong:: The ASHAs of Mawshynrut Block today held a protest and public meeting at Riangdo to express their demand for the rights they deserve.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister expressed his satisfaction to start the Meghalaya Games by burning the Dongmusa and handing over the organizers.
Shillong: The MDA government has decided to revive the Covid Committees in all the villages, said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong. .
What you are doing now is because the Prime Minister of the country is in a hurry to please those officials.
