The revenue from agriculture is high, but it doesn't go to the government budget, and when the environment damages the agricultural products, the government has to pay.
Senior ULFA leader Paresh Baruah claimed responsibility for the blast by calling a television channel.
Shillong: A total of 73 people have tested positive for Covid-19 in East Khasi Hills District and 12 cases in West Garo Hills District today. , one in West Jaintia Hills District and one in North Garo Hills District.
“For what reason, the IB PWD has to be handed over to the private sector, when it is the property of the government.
The state team will prepare for another match against Manipur on Sunday.
To date, India has imported 85 percent of the country's crude oil demand.
“I accept the argument that political parties without MLAs or MDCs are equal to the political parties.
On the 3rd, Lamyrsiang SCC will play against Latyrke SC at 11.30 pm and Shnongrim SC will play against Tluh SC at 1.30 pm.
In another First Division match, Umkaber SC beat Bara FC 3-0 with Pynshai Kharbteng scoring the three goals in the 58th, 80th and 82nd minutes.
Traffic jam on National Highway 6 and Shillong-Jowai road has been affected today due to road maintenance.
The meeting was held today at the Hall of the Seng Khasi Mawsynram under the chairmanship of Batskhem Marbaniang as Convener and Bah Gilbert Kharraswai as Secretary of the Trinamool Congress Mawsynram Block. The purpose of the party is to clarify and make aware to the public some of the working issues of the party as this party is still a new party.
Speaking to Rupang, Bah Hek, who is the MLA of the constituency, said, “I don't know anything, no one has come to me regarding this issue”.
The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) through its General Secretary PP Lyngdoh and the General Secretary of the Jaintia Labor and Unemployed Youth Organization (JYO) CL Suchiang have sent a petition to the DC East Jaintia Hills District to take action against them. Wholesalers should not buy ration before selling it to dealers or fair price shops.
He said that with the leadership of these leaders, he hopes that it will be an encouragement to the team to reach the goal of victory at the state level and from the state level. to lead to Delhi which is the pride of the district and the Ri Bhoi region.
Speaking on East Jaintia Hills, he said that the people in the area are better off in terms of income, but he said that it is necessary to teach them to be vigilant. in digging the fire and protecting the environment, for tomorrow.
Therefore, we need to focus on the sport because such tournaments we need to promote.
The purpose of these HNLC leaders' visit to Bangladesh was to report on the talks with the leaders of the State Government and the Government of India after the start of the peace talks.
Many of the students who come to this Step School are also children who work and live in private homes, who also work for the owners of houses in Shillong.
The Enforcement Directorate has seized another Rs 20 crore from the second residence of Arpita Mukherjee, a close friend of West Bengal Minister Partha Chatterjee.
Biswa was the one who took the child from one place to another, said Bah Vivek.
Dr Mishra was the Commander of the NSG (Black Cat Commando), Counter Hijack Task Force and in the fight against Air India hijackers on 24th June 1993 from Raja Sansi Airport. Airfield, Amritsar, under his leadership, the passengers were rescued and the kidnappers were shot dead.
Referring to the various rules of procedure of the House, the VPP MLA said that there is no rule that cannot discuss the CAG report in the House. the convention.
“This has caused many problems to the people especially to the poor,” said the statement.
From the beginning, God warned the Israelites.
In a speech today, Volodymyr Zelenskyy, who himself is a comic and has previously said that he would become president of Ukraine, said he wants the government not to think about those who rule, but for the sake of the poor.
The present government, which includes various political parties under the banner of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance, must take responsibility for these delays and lack of governance. of Meghalaya"
The spirit soul has a close relationship with God and cannot die, whether a person has to go to heaven or hell.
The Association initially expressed its deep concern that no one has taken the words of the Prime Minister seriously.
“The Meghalaya government has received financial support from abroad but this has come through the Indian government which has been reduced by 72 per cent,” he said.
They were identified as Siddhant Shah, 19, and Aryan Vaidya,
As part of the efforts to encourage the brothers and sisters across India, there have been efforts in various workshops and training centers across the state to celebrate the Lama Lairong in every household.
In the match between the two Shillong Premier League giants, Shillong Lajong were better able to hold the ball in the first half.
They urged the government to take strong action against these companies.
He said that on the government employees they want to say that the government is treating them badly but they have a union, why don't they come to talk to the government.
Shillong, Lber 24: The National People's Party (NPP) has expressed its full support to the BJP government led by Biren Singh in Manipur.
Memorandum issued in 1972 regarding vacancies for STs and SCs, which states that the number of vacancies announced should be 9 or less. for any ethnic group (Khasi Jaintia & Garo), it should no longer apply, because the roster point has been implemented in the recruitment process.
“The minorities in Meghalaya know only about scholarships and don't know about central government schemes and this is because the government doesn't take action to educate the public about these schemes and this has caused a huge loss. to the government,” said Birla.
This insect lays eggs mostly on young trees, and from these eggs come out after about four or five days, and within two or three or four months they are well grown.
Your match points were 8/7
On the 14th of this month at 8:40 pm, the Cantoment Beat House Police received a tip from Shillong Sadar PS that at 5:45 pm a body was found in the street on Boucher Road. , Shillong.
It is worth mentioning that in the last MLA elections, the 49-o was used in which the people who do not want to play the piano can take a form and fill it in the form but to hide the form. Such voters in the upcoming elections will be able to put their NOTA on the EVMs and can go like other voters and press the NOTA button below the name of the candidate. lastly means 'none of the above'
Police have launched an investigation after receiving a complaint from UN Ravi Reddy, vice president of the company operating the bus stand, who lodged a complaint on the 30th. November 2023.
As part of the celebration, many programs have been held across the State such as fishing competition, programs to entertain the children. Free entry at Ward's Lake, Lady Hydari Park, talent show and performance organized by the Meghalaya Talent Search Organization (MTSO), stall from the North East Network (NEN) and food distribution non-governmental organizations (NGOs).
In a statement, KHNAM said that many schools do not believe or implement this order of the government and therefore the KHNAM, went to inspect by itself with the measurement of the weight of the books of the children. school of Mawprem Modern School located in Lower Mawprem.
Recently, the MDA government officials have announced that government officials from ministers to senior officers of Meghalaya do not need any restrictions on their movement, but they travel and travel as much as they want(if necessary) even outside the state.
Members of the ANVC came in military uniforms, while the ANVC-B came in civilian uniforms.
The theme of the program was “Yes we can End TB”. The meeting was held at Khimusniang Indoor Hall Sports Hall, Jowai in the presence of Kong HML Kynta, MCS, Additional Deputy. Commissioner of West Jaintia District, students and teachers from different schools of the district at the meeting conducted by DPC-NTER. She said that TB is a disease known as the 'silent killer' and is one of the diseases that can lead to death if people do not take care of it at the right time.
The DM Ri Bhoi has urged the people who have visited the bank to undergo Home Quarantine, after one of the employees of SBI Jerobat, has tested positive for the COVID-19 pandemic.
On the other hand, Bah Hek congratulated the village and praised the unity of the people.
Shillong, March 11: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has demanded that the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, should take action against those involved in the bombing of contract teachers. She also denied that there is a demand for the resignation of Bah Lahkmen from the post of Minister.
Of these, 68 people have donated blood at the camp.
Then Jesus wept.
Those who have money come first in the competition, those who don't have money, lose even though they are skilled in becoming entrepreneurs.
He also ordered that those involved should be punished according to the law.
The people of the state have known and seen this behavior and the people need a government that can run the work from Shillong and not from Dispur or Nagpur by Himanta Biswa Sarma who has been appointed by the Minister. Amit Shah is in Delhi.
Why don't you need to join the church? You must not enter the Church.
The Chairman and Secretary of the Indian Red Cross Society (IRCS), Jowai, West Jaintia Hills District under the leadership of Ma W Lyngdoh and Ma O Laloo and other Life Members. Cross has visited many villages and children's homes to lend a helping hand in the fight against COVID-1
He said that West Khasi Hills is fortunate that Nongstoin College will join the PCG.
The AJTCVA on Monday met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District to discuss the allegation of exploitation by the employees of the Pasyih/Ialong Toll Gate.
How many years ago we raised the question whether the Hynniewtrep people are ready to accept and recognize the activities of nuti as a source of income to be recognized by law? On this occasion, the RAM has expressed its desire to demand from the government to do so.
There was also a prize giving ceremony for the winners of the thanksgiving competition, quiz competition and Dat mawpoin.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that Meghalaya produces Rs 400 crore of sohphan annually and if implemented properly it will help to increase income and livelihood in the state.
The students of the university have staged a march and turned to the office of the Vice Chancellor (VC) with placards and slogans against the VC and the NEHU administration. After the meeting, the Co Adviser of NEHUSU, Samla Comingstar Kharsyntiew, said that the VC has asked for 15 days to implement their demand.
However, the most frightening thing is at this time of pandemic and lockdown in the state and the country as a whole.
Remember not to be afraid of Khan so that you don't get the same thing twice or three times.
And this enemy God will destroy when the time comes.—1 Corinthians 15:2
Speaking to media, FKJGP President Dundee C.Khongsit said that the rules have been set to write the examination in Hindi and English.
Apart from eating apples, it is necessary to maintain hydration at all times to relieve stomach problems. Without enough water, waste cannot be soft and easy to come out of the kidneys.
Replying to a question by AGP MLA Ramendra Narayan Kalita, the Minister in charge of the Implementation of the Assam Accord, Atul Bora said that there are 1,53,129 Assam Accords. foreigners who have come to live illegally in Assam; and this was found through the Foreigners Tribunal (FT).
Ivanlumlang Marbaniang, President Rangbah of the PDF, congratulated Bah Synran, who has agreed to come forward and also congratulated his family and followers. He said that if there is no understanding from the family, it is useless to contest the election.
“The people have received all their necessities from Assam in the past but now they want to come back to Meghalaya.
“Of course we have to deal with these problems from time to time but I hope that we will be able to reduce the hours gradually especially now that the rainy season has come,” he said.
According to the source, the police wanted to detain Shahjahan for 14 days, who has escaped from the hands of the law for more than 50 days.
In fact, according to the letter, there has been an allocation of funds to Arunachal Pradesh and we too are expecting to receive funds for this proposal.
“Our taking to the streets to call for many demands from the government is a way of protesting in democracy but I would like to remind here that the casting of one vote is more powerful than any other. “It is by the vote that we decide who will be our rulers and I want the people to understand this power,” he said.
Therefore, all contractors or those who work in Meghalaya must have a license at least two months before November 1983. Notice to all employees in Meghalaya u/s 4 & of Employment Exchange (Compulsory Notification of Vacancies) Act 1959, All employer in Public Sector and those in the Private Sector employing 25 or move person are required to (1) Notify Vacancies occurring in their Establishment and (2) Furnish Quarterly Employment in Remployment ER – 1 AND Biennial occupational Returns.
The President of the union, Bah L Lapang, said that the PWD department has treated the people of Ri Bhoi Sepngi with contempt, because the road should have been improved before the rainy season but it has not done anything.
“We have left because of the government's failure to repeal the Service Rules for government employees when they hold village or party positions,” said SNSBH General Secretary Bah RL Blahmar. He left the meeting room at the Secretariat today.
On the occasion, the Center authorities honored 7 students who passed Matric, 5 students who passed class XII, 12 students who passed BA and 7 students who passed MA. Not only those who came to take part, but there were also those who passed and did not take part in this ceremony and including those who passed in Computer.
JOWAI: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has congratulated and congratulated the students who have passed the HSSLC examination in Science and Commerce stream which has been announced by the MBOSE.
He added that in the Raid Marwet there are 28 villages which have been ruled by the Garo people.
The Minister said that after receiving the information, he has spoken to the district authorities and released these vehicles carrying jhur from Ri Bhoi. , he said that in fact, agricultural vehicles should be allowed to enter any part of Meghalaya.
The burnt skum belongs to Rajendra Rai.
The shortfall of T.4,19,42,121 has been recovered from the highest in previous years.
The Minister said that the traffic will be closed during the replacement of bearings and said, “We will request the drivers to leave the other road.
The great prophets of God warned and spoke out against “the Devil” the greatest enemy of mankind on earth.
He also mentioned the seizure of about 1 lakh byrni of ration rice from Boko, Assam, which is the rice to be distributed to the people and the government has strongly protected this rice which the Congress has alleged is smuggled. to the people.
The first class match has now returned next season but the BCCI has arranged for Meghalaya to play in Gujarat.
The remaining body of Tiklu Jyrwa, a young mountaineer, has arrived at 8 pm this evening, after being recovered from Mount Draupadi Ka Danda II on Saturday.
“(Drone attacks on rural villages in the state) I have written many times on this issue, because it is true, after reading it carefully.
This is also a promise we made to the people during the elections and we have been able to complete this road now,” he said.
Election violence has often reached the point of fighting and killing others.
The Act also states that until these two Directorates have been established and full-time Directors and employees have been appointed, the Directors or employees may be appointed temporarily.
Shillong: The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills, has issued an order to close all markets in all parts of the district, prohibit the operation of commercial vehicles and prohibit overcrowding. to five, except in private homes.
The High Court said that Sub Section (6) clearly states that any resident who is over 18 years of age can participate but it does not state whether they are women or men. The High Court has said that women should have the same rights and should not be deprived of their rights. allow women to also vote.
Hana has always thought that it is right and that it is trendy.
In a letter to HDR signed by the General Secretary of the Association, Wandonbok Jyrwa and HJR Lyngdoh, President of the Association, the association said that commercial taxi drivers have to pay a lot of taxes to the government. It encourages its vehicles in the name of benefiting the public without proper documents and this is against the provisions of the Motor Vehicle Act
The robbers went to a bank in the city to withdraw the check but the bank refused to accept it.
Information received by Rupang said that during his childhood before going to Kolkata, Swell was a very smart child and lived like other rural children, although he went to live in Kolkata. Ramakrishna School in Sohra but it is said that Bah Swell used to help with the household chores by carrying loads from his village from Laitkynsew to Hat Shella or Mawdon, Majai and Mawmluh and Iew. Sohra didn't go to the market.
Furthermore, the Kiang Nangbah Iasiat Khnam Memorial Society (KNIKMS) in collaboration with the district administration celebrated the 75th Independence Day of the country. The meeting was conducted by the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District Garod LSN Dykes. Kyrmen Shylla was the chief guest. Saron Paswet MDC Jowai South as the chief guest, Dolloi Nangbah RM Garod, President KNIKMS, Pearlet Toi and others.
After this, the game became more interesting and it reached the point where a Mawlai player was sent into the net of Khliehmawlieh which gave Mawlai a golden opportunity through a shot penalty.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has demanded that the government should issue an ordinance to resolve the issues of the Rangbah Shnongs after the High Court issued an order to remove the powers of the Rangbah Shnongs. village.
She said she has not yet joined the Trinamool, but is working for the I-PAC according to their directive to seek information.
The area of ​​Khyndai Lad, GS Road, Umsohsun and Iewduh are the most crowded areas due to the overcrowding of street vendors, the traffic of the people and the traffic of vehicles.
Kavita Karnad Samuel, says she is very happy if she is accused of doing wrong, but she wants her son to answer that in any way, she will ask permission first. he, when even he was not yet born.
Pynïaid said that the EC with the assistance of the central government through the National Land Records Modernization Program will start keeping records of all the land within the boundary of the council. The scheme will greatly assist and facilitate the accurate recording of land titles.
It is here that all the golden promises of the NEP will be only a dream.
Following the forgiveness of farmers' loans by the Congress governments in Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh, the BJP government in Gujarat has decided to forgive electricity bills worth Rs 650 crore for those living in in the villages.
At present, banks have started collecting income tax even from the foreigners living in Meghalaya from the money they deposit in banks as fixed deposits etc. They don't talk to the banks or the Income Tax Officers to exempt the citizens from this tax.
Then science and technology came into being to empower only the rich and the robbers themselves.
Speeches were also delivered by S.Rani, Director Horticulture Officer, WJHD, Bah Mutshwa Thabah, Vice Chairman, EARMACS, R.Lamare, Assistant Director, West Jaintia Hills District. .
In fact, the government had earlier sent to the Governor to enact the Administrator Rule but the Governor refused and this is the second time that the government has sent again within two months.
Among the many, there were those who felt sorry for the family of Kong Maya and bran bran came to console her.
However, the state government has not yet done so”.
Up to 20 youths from Khliehriat area have joined the KSU. The Darrang Musical Arts Tourism and Cultural Club (KSU) has celebrated Valentine's Day this year with a musical performance at Rud Wah. Your mother is in Darrang.
It’s something uncomfortable.
However, this time the Congress, TMC and VPP did not have even six MLAs.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday promised to crack down on illegal tobacco shops.
Compared to the 2009 elections, the UDP has also decreased significantly from 124402 votes in 2009 when John F Kharshiing contested while Paul Lyngdoh has won. The UDP received 106,817 votes, while the UDP lost 17,585 votes.
They have already cleared the area with puh shilum and cut down trees and they have also built a trep house to build the Assam Police Station.
When the work they do involves finding or hiring employees, firing employees and discriminating against wages, women are predicted to have a 9% increase in those symptoms of depression and than those women who do not have such responsibilities in their work.
Nongstoin, June 19: As the days and times go by, the number of arrests and arrests of militants from Garo Hills has increased. He said that the government has continued to work hard to fight for the complete eradication of the armed groups from Garo Hills so that peace and order can be restored once again in Meghalaya.
Referring to the implementation of the Roster since 1972, the Minister said, “The implementation of the Roster should ensure that the reservation policy drafted in 1972 will be fully implemented. The implementation of the reservation policy without the roster is meaningless.
The landslide has affected traffic to Pynursla and Dawki, as it has blocked the road.
Banteidor's visit to Delhi came just one day after a briefing and awareness meeting on the resumption of the use of fertilizers by the department especially the farmers and village leaders in Mawkatheiñ.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur, 16: The deterioration of the 10 km road from Langpih Market on Mawdiangsnam Road on the Assam Government has put the people in great trouble especially in you carry it and you go.
There shall be no difference between father, mother, child even if they are bound by blood relationship.
Shillong, Nailur 14: The Additional Sessions Judge, Shillong, on Tuesday extended the anticipatory bail of four HITO leaders who have been charged with 1,000 cases by three Additional District Magistrates. The incident happened on the 4th of this month when a clash broke out near the DC Shillong office.
He said that it was more memorable in his tenure as chairman, because in a short period of time, a special session was held, besides the usual session.
He said that the Church takes those people if they fall into such a prayer to explain to them to get rid of this incident.
The Dorbar Shnong Riat Laban has donated 1.84 hectares of land to the Government.
Director Agriculture (R&T)cum state Nodal officer KVK and others.
The mid-term MDC elections were held after seven MDCs, including six from KHADC and one from JHADC, resigned after the state government passed the Ban Act. The Prevention of Disqualification (Members of Legislative Assembly, Meghalaya) (Amendment) Act, 2015 was passed last year.
“The urgent need of the nation is for these laws.
He said that the job seekers who are entitled to get the job do not get it because they do not know the people in power.
He requested the government to take action to provide another larger water tank for the benefit of the villagers.
Shillong, March 26: The FKJGP today appointed Bah Wilbert Rani as its president to lead the party after its president, Bah Joe Marwein decided to retire from the party. go back to the political sphere.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: To resolve the crisis in the Congress party in the state, the AICC has set up a nine-member committee led by the AICC General Secretary for the North East, G.Narayanasamy.
Alleging that the AITC leaders are involved in corruption and fraud, Nongkhlaw said that the General Secretary of ATIC, who is also the son of Mamata Banerjee, Abhishek Banerjee, has Officials of the Enforcement Directorate are continuing to investigate against the corrupt leader.
Shillong: U Wanbha Khongsit, the singer of the best-selling New Year's song Doi-Doi, has said that he composed this song about the beauty of man. After his experiences and struggles as a young boy in terms of love, betrayal and in his card as a young man he found and it was through these experiences that he was able to develop and draw and also composed this beautiful song of his Doi-Doi.
In another development, the KSU Nongthymmai Circle has expressed its strong opposition to the arrest of Khasi youths on the night of the 4th of this month. na lumpyngngad on charges of involvement in creating riots during the night curfew.
The school football tournament in Ri Bhoi District was held at two football grounds, Umsaitsning and Umran Niangbyrnai.
“Like this idea, you, Mei, should get a place in every household of young job seekers.
The bank employees have informed the Umïam Police Station for further investigation.
Our lifestyle and daily physical activity are factors that can increase the risk of high blood pressure rather than the risk of developing other types of cardiovascular diseases.
Regarding the decision to contest the election from the VPP, Bah Adelbert said, “What I am saying and what I am trying to do is that there is no other party that is clearer than the VPP. As an MLA and as a leader, Bah Ardent often has to stand alone but without changing the principles he stands for, I too the people witness that in many cases I have to stand alone when speaking on the issues and problems of the jaidbynriew. “I have no doubt that we will be able to work better for the people,” he said.
Speaking on the occasion, the Block Development Officer, Ri Bhoi District, Eric Kevin Dkhar, congratulated the MOSONiE Socio-Economic Foundation for its 8 years of existence. to provide services to the people and at the same time he urged the group to continue to serve for the welfare, development and income of the people as She has served and taken the initiative to open this training center to the people of the area.
The Superintendent of Police, Udaipur, said that investigation is ongoing to track down those involved in the incident.
In the Assembly today, Bah Mayralborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, brought up the issue of Bah Elius Ryndong, in which he expressed his regret that the Police have not been able to investigate the incident. you don't have any spirit.
This is in response to the decision of the KJP Assembly, which will reopen churches from the 1st of next month.
The Central Government has allocated 75% to the SDRFs in the States and 90% to the North Eastern and Himalayan States.
The Government of India has allocated Rs 15,000 crore for the scheme in accordance with the rules and policies.
“It doesn't matter, I'll give my matric and class XI first. When will the exam end?” asked the officer.
The Minister of State for Minority Affairs, John Barla will attend the Rozgar Mela to be held at the Directorate General, Shillong.
“You can't just ignore the farmers.
Laloo said it is the duty of MLAs to have a close relationship with the people and their families.
The family of the girl has urged the Government of India, the State Government and the Government of Rajasthan to take action on this tragic incident by conducting a thorough investigation. They have received a fair trial even if they have to be investigated by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).
He received the support of Ummulong village and also from the supporters of the Nartiang MLA.
The State Government will fight against this initiative and will take all necessary measures not to disrupt the peace and order of its people in the State.
Why do we inform you of this because it happened suddenly last July, that a foreigner assaulted the members of the party, after the party received information immediately went to the party. Place.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has resigned as Prime Minister to President Dropadi Murmu and her Cabinet.
It is the object with the lock or on the doors (godrej) that we use to lock the cupboards or anything we want to lock.
“We have seen that the Congress has opposed as against the government and has no intention of convening a dorbar.
He said that even the Ri-Bhoi areas have strongly opposed the proposal to build a railway line, how else the government has opposed to find a way by extending it through East Jaintia Hills. HNPF cannot accept it.
They are the ones who have stood up for the cause of spreading the Kingdom of God and understanding the dignity of mankind.
The ceremony was conducted by the President of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar Wapung Circle, Shaniahskhem Dkhar, in the presence of Justine Dkhar, former MLA of Khliehriat, Rosila Dkhar, Dkhar Kur Leaders and General Secretary. Ma Teres Dkhar President of the East Jaintia Hills District and others.
He also gave the example of Bah GG Swell who won four MP elections as an independent candidate by defeating the Congress and the National Party.
They also warned that the natural beauty of the surrounding area should not be destroyed.
J. Lyngdoh scored a hat-trick in the 20th, 25th and 46th minutes.
" However, it should be remembered that Charles Darwin, in his observation of tiny and living things, said: "It is not the strongest or the most intelligent that can survive. im, but he is the one who can receive the Changes.
The most prominent of these is the implementation of the Meghalaya Eco Tourism Infrastructure Development Project, a foreign investment project under the New Development Bank at a cost of Rs 750 crore to install prominent facilities at several tourist attractions such as in Sohra, Shillong, Tura and residential areas in villages like Kongthong.
Therefore, in relation to this allegation, we demand that an immediate apology should be made for this, in order to restore the welfare, peace and order to mankind.
Bud is the son.
It is to be recalled that the Solid Waste Management Station in the village has already spent billions of rupees to build the Solid Waste Management Station. It is also sad that until now, this place which was built specifically for the disposal of niut ki nier has been left empty until today.
Cruise is now 58 years old.
Also present on the occasion were the Deputy CEM of JHADC as the Chief Guest, other government officials and members of the JF&EPA. a place especially for the preservation of underwater and marine life.
Also present on the occasion were the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui as the Chief Guest, government officials from the Ministry of Education and RUSA Cell of the State including teachers from various colleges and also students.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the State Government today approved the implementation of the Motor Vehicle Act. Meter System in commercial vehicles including Local Taxis and Auto Rickshaws.
Erra and Bhime were hit on the head with Rs 8 lakh and Rs 3 lakh respectively, the police chief said.
G. When implementing the ILP, the Government will have to appoint people to work in many jobs to implement the work; that is, from office jobs, police jobs and so on, the youth will be unemployed.
At the same time, the JNC demands that more electricity posts should be installed in the area as there are still many places where there are no posts and this has caused a lot of problems to the residents especially in these areas. days when electricity is the most important thing in all households.
The President of the National People's Party (NPP) Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, who is also the Symbud Chief Minister, said that the demand for Article 371 of the VPP has shown that they want to change the jait ka khong.
They are the ones who have produced a government that doesn't believe in education from time to time.
The incident happened in the morning when a large amount of garbage fell on him at the garbage dump.
Shillong, November 13: The body of Bah Mawramsong Kharhujon, who disappeared from Mumbai airport recently, has been found at Cooper Hospital, Mumbai.
“They have tried to find out the cause of the accident and found that the cause was due to the cleaning of the water pipe by the Public Health Engineering (PHE) department on the road opposite the farm of the department. Animal Husbandry is located in Sixth Mile, Upper Shillong.
There is an increase in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in women, lung and head and neck diseases among men and women as well as an increase in in all registries throughout the country.
“It is still necessary to involve this region and its great people in education so that there can be a sense of unity and solidarity.
“As of now, the creation of the new town has not helped the villagers but has opened the door for foreigners,” said Bah War.
Has the government confirmed that such a person is free of the disease, when only one test has not been conducted? Why does the government punish only the village leaders to ensure the provision of quarantined persons in the Quarantine Centres? While the government has not visited these quarantine centers for 14 days to take samples from those who are under quarantine? Is it true that Bah Shanbor Shullai, MLA, said that the health department has not done its job properly? and those who were sick were dead, and there was no one left.
Speaking at the meeting one after another, the leaders of these three parties, expressed their opposition to the start of collection of money at the Toll Gate Plaza, as at present many places are not enough. There were also questions on how they can issue a Safety Road Clearance or safety for passengers, because according to information received IIT Roorkee, said that there are 15 dangerous areas on the 4-lane road from Jerobad to Umiam and this is due to the lack of work by the road construction companies, especially in the areas where more long night.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 16: The continuous power outage every day and every night has caused the residents of all the villages in West Khasi Hills to panic, as the power outage lasted for two hours. in the morning from nine o'clock and again at six o'clock until four o'clock.
MM Danngo has turned away from the NPP twice, after winning the mid-term elections from Ranikor in 2018, he has left the NPP and now only 10 months before the elections he has left the NPP. this organization.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) is expected to announce the election for the MLA of Sohiong constituency in the coming days.
Starling said that they first went to Ashutosh Inn and introduced themselves as being from Khliehriat, Jaintia Hills and immediately asked for permission from the police; However, as they did not have the police documents, they were denied accommodation at the hotel.
kren-shi-kren : one who cannot speak or one who speaks many languages.
He recalled that in 2012, HANM had confiscated the guns of the Assam Police and burnt down the Police Out Post of Assam. This organization will not be able to do anything.
The meeting was attended by the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sanma, Director of Soil and Water Conservation, Ibashisha Rynjah, Self Help Groups, senior officers and others.
Before the Khonraij-Chilliangraij left, they left to take the Symbood Khnong from Riatturiem and brought it to the place of worship at Tre-Lum Sooiung. blai) of various households who still hold the traditional religion.
After a monthly monitoring, Bah C.Pohlong promised to issue the Sanad on the 5th June,
Because if anyone speaks any language of India within India, he can speak and no one should be criticized.
The meeting was conducted by the Rangbah Shnong of Mawkliaw, Bah Thom Sing Mawkon who expressed his satisfaction with the organization's ability to hold such a programme.
On the one hand, we are not against the development of our country, but we must be wise to see what is best among those whom we intend to develop and improve.
The churchgoers on receiving the information immediately rushed to the scene to provide assistance to the victims.
He said that the village has received all the support to put the fish in bottles, sell the goods and to do many activities to develop the village as a “Shnong ki Ngap” which will attract the fish. passenger.
Rocksi, the organizer of the festival, had to cancel the opening day of the festival due to heavy rainfall which also caused the collapse of the Kurkalang Stadium at Bhoirymbong, Ribhoi District. .
Nongpoh: At a meeting held on the 26th of this month at the National People's Party (NPP) headquarters in Nongpoh, it was decided to appoint Bah CB Syiem, former CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). MDC Candidate for Nongpoh Constituency.
“The Seventh Amendment is very important to protect its people,” he said.
Shillong, Naitung 06 : The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has urged the Executive Committee to increase the donation to Lower Primary Schools and also to allow each MDC to receive a at least three schools to provide assistance.
The first test was conducted today where eight persons who tested positive for Covid-19 after 14 days of treatment tested negative, he said.
“The District Council will work with SBI Bank to provide a Special Group Insurance Medical Package to assist our employees.
In the first innings, Cricket Lovers won by four wickets and Mukhramul H Sarkar was named Player of the Match.
The government's failure to maintain this road has shown that the owners of vehicles have not paid road tax,” said Bah Ryngkhlem.
Rymbai Wahshnong SC scored the first goal.
He said that he urged the officers of the department to work with responsibility so that the scheme will not be wasted and next month the work will go smoothly.
On this occasion, relatives, friends and the public laid flowers in memory of Bah Che who was shot dead by the police two years ago.
The number of people infected with the coronavirus in the United States rose to 90,000 on Friday, according to the Johns Hopkins University, the highest increase in 24 hours.
Police from Pasteur and Narcotics Department conducted a search operation and the body of Khrawbok Pamthet, 25, from Mawlai Nongpdeng, who was suspected to be a trafficker, was recovered. Police have seized 0.94 grams of drugs along with T.16,590 worth of drugs from the body of Bokstar Syiemlieh. George Nonglait, 26, of Wahingdoh Block 1, Aman Sunar, 20, of Laitumkhrah Upper New Colony and Evenzar Basaiawmoit, 30, of Wahingdoh Block nothing, except for the amount of T.2,7
Hotel Aashiyana is located on Quinton Road, Shillong.
“Her actions speak louder than words,” said the speakers.
The closing ceremony of the tournament was attended by Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh as the Chief Guest, Bah Joel Marbaniang President of the Meghalaya Basketball Association as the Chief Guest and other invitees.
“I have received a letter from James K Sangma expressing his no confidence in the Lamphang on the grounds that he has failed to run and we want to remove him,” Mondal said. letter received from James.
The UDP party has also decided to support the demand for the immediate implementation of the ILP in the state.
Although they scored two goals, the girls of Maw-U-Tieng fought hard to turn the tide.
Prof. Niaz Majumdar from the American International University, Dhaka, Bangladesh presented and spoke on the topic of art and creativity as tools of education entitled “Education through Arts and Aesthetics: Teaching the Philosophy of Rabindranath Tagore”.
“At present, about 70 percent of the work has been completed and it is expected to be operational before October 2014,” said Deborah to a question by Mawlai MLA Embhahlang Syiemlieh in the House.
Titos said earlier the government had promised to commission the new factory of MCCL on 15th July, 2015 but it could not and asked for more time by promising to do so. completed July 15, 2015; but for three months now nothing has been seen, he said.
Shillong, July 10: The Khasi people, who used to respect women, but it is surprising to see that these days many of the women who give birth to children are not less than Khasi girls.
“We have met with the people, our leaders and also held workshops with the villagers to explain to them the principles and objectives of the TMC,” he said.
“Why are you crying?
They were welcomed by Bah RM Mukhim, Working President of NPP Mawhati, along with many other NPP leaders.
We recall that the HITO and the HYC have come out in the last elections to explain to the voters how to elect their leaders or legislators.
There will be 11 films in 7 languages ​​in English, Khasi, Manipuri and others which will be screened at the festival and these films have won the national award.
Furthermore, the transportation and vehicle fees for the delivery of these goods under these three schemes will be paid by the Government to the wholesalers or dealers as usual from time to time.
The body, identified as that of Bah Krejunlang Khongjirem (bam kwai ha Dwar u Blei), was covered with stones and earth, after the earthquake on Tuesday evening.
The incident happened in June
These courses/syllabuses cannot be completed at any time; The most important thing now is to preserve the precious lives of our children because they are the “future” of the country and the nation.
The President and Secretary of the Seiñ Raij Jowai, the Seiñ Raij Shillong, the Dolloi of Jowai Elaka, the Presidents and Secretaries of the Districts and Branches of the Seiñ Khasi were also present. all around the Lympung was filled with thousands of people, who were filled with the sounds of the ksing, the nakra, the bomb, the tangmuri.
The 46th edition of the Wangala Festival, also known as the 100 Drums Festival, started on 10th November at Wangala Dam Chibragre, near Tura, West. Garo Hills district.
On the allegations of discrimination against schools, the DSO denied that there was such a thing because the age check was strictly enforced to prevent theft from the children and that they had to bring in the documents to prove the year of birth and their rightful owners.
Rajya Sabha MP Dr WR Kharlukhi has resigned from the post of State President of the NPP due to age.
In fact, the water flows through a stream that Lucas himself used to walk through to reach his house.
Simon Tynsong has lodged a complaint with the Sadar PS and the investigation is ongoing.
The program was conducted by Bah MS Lhuid, former Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District. President of JTES, Bah P. Lyngdoh, Bah JM Pohsngap, Bah R Lamare, Bah SK Lato, members of JTES. aunt.
After two years, Garo Hills has witnessed the death of one person from Covid-19 in Tura, where a 41-year-old man showed symptoms of the disease on the 21st. He is undergoing treatment at Holy Cross Hospital, Tura.
When I look at the current state of the world, I see that these dreams of the world leaders have begun to work and come true.
According to the villagers, the residents of the flat have fled their homes immediately after the incident.
However, now this shynrai has been recognized by the Geographical Indication as a good shynrai, which has healing properties.
The suspected explosive device was found in a bag by the troops from Hanjiveera on the highway in the early hours of the morning, he added. moreover the police.
Sunny Deol, India's famous actor and BJP MP in the Lok Sabha, has left for the United States to take his father Dharmendra for treatment. he went to the Ri.
Ralbinoda Ramsiej, 38, of Nongthymmai village died on the spot while the injured were identified as Bijola Suiam, 56, Rebina Suiam, Two persons from Nongthymmai Khyriem and Albert Kharbuli, 19, from Mawlai Nongkwar, have been admitted to hospital.
He said that if they had no real concern, the MLAs of the Liang Pyrshah should have brought an Adjournment Motion or a Resolution for discussion in the Dorbar. .
Ardent said that whether the VPP is in the Opposition or in the Government cannot be said yet, “but it doesn't matter which side we are on because we will continue to stand firm in our position. of foundations".
Orendro Kharjahrin, who is titled “The Village of Sakwang”.
Speaking on the appointment as Shobitam's spokesperson, Vidya expressed her gratitude for this and said that she will take this opportunity to promote the company's products and to market them. to parts of the world.
The KSU also urged the government to upgrade this school to a Higher Secondary School as there is no Higher Secondary School in East Jaintia Hills. The union has found that the building has almost been completed and the government should turn its attention to upgrading the secondary school to of Higher Secondary School.
“The people have not given us the decision to rule, the people have elected only two people, we don't have the power to rule, we have to work with others,” said Bah Samlin.
Ministers and MLAs don't understand where this will lead.
He said that the state hopes that through the Meghalaya Games, the state will be able to develop talented children in sports and also to develop them when they lead the state to the future. various rynsan even to lead the country.
“Our commitment is that in order to curb the spread of drug trafficking and drug abuse which has enslaved especially the youth, we need to take the lead,” said the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Priest.
The Hill Farmers' Union (HFU) West Jaintia Hills Unit on Tuesday celebrated the 1st Farmer's Day at the Community Hall Ummulong.
Shillong: Upper Lauchumiere, Bah Rockliff Rap Bor Roy Thabah, on Tuesday said that there is a lot of pressure on people to give injections and show negative results. He has filed a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) before the Meghalaya High Court in connection with the matter.
Remember the saying “United we will stand, spread we will fall” so know that if we are united we will fall.
Nongstoin, November 03: The Apple Society in collaboration with the Department of Horticulture, West Khasi Hills on the 6th of this month will hold the Miss Nongstoin Contest and the Fruit Wine Festival at Children's. park.
She said that the newborn baby of Altima Rani was taken to Nazareth Hospital, Shillong for further treatment.
The sons followed their father wherever he went to work to help him meet the needs of the field.
They find it difficult to walk straight on the road like those who are drunk and forget that they are on the road.
Those who understand this best are those families who have lost their loved ones to armed conflict.
With the mantra of 'Har Ghar Dastak', we go to every door, every family who lack the peace that comes when both parts of the vaccine are available,” he said.
Jimenez and other experts said the WHO continues to believe that the disease is transmitted through the breathing of one infected person to another. the belief in ancient times or the belief of the Stone Age, that the smell of the dead, the smell of the rotten and dead, can cause the Black Death.
There are many hydro projects in the state and the information we have received from this visit to Purulia can be implemented in our state.
“The people of Meghalaya will never accept the TMC,” he said.
Jowai: The Superintendent of Police, WJH, Bah Lakador Syiem has been awarded the Union Home Minister Medal for his training of police officers in Meghalaya and the North East. .
He became Khyndai.
At the end of Behdeiñkhlam there is a dance and a dance.
“You will listen to what the Prime Minister and the Symbud Prime Minister have said that they will not proceed with the construction of the casino but the government has proceeded to issue a license and appoint an expert committee for the casino. “According to our findings through RTI, it is very difficult for us to believe what they say,” he added.
According to the NTC officials, the plan to install the 132kv Power Station has been successful, because the government and MePDCL have taken action and have a plan. to achieve, for the convenience of the people living in different villages in the Nongpoh area.
They also demanded that the government should release the 25 percent arrear of the teachers which has been pending till today.
“Our people should be able to hand over what they have received from the politicians who give before the elections.
The Minister said that this project is an example of the use of legal farming methods in agriculture, and said that there is a shortage in the distribution of seeds and in the production of phan.
Earlier, Avani scored 626.5 points in qualifying.
The meeting was also attended by the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the Deputy Commissioner, KSU South West Khasi Hills District, Forwardman Nongrem, President of the KSU South West Khasi Hills District, said that the outcome of this discrimination is nothing. The union will not accept because they live within the border of South West Khasi Hills District.
That morning he got up early and prepared himself better from the dress to the sad ka khyllong.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Circle has expressed its deep sorrow over the spread of COVID-19 in War Jaintia.
However, there are also less than 5,000 Nepali illegal immigrants from Nepal or Darjeeling.
The two teams will play against Lawsohtun SC against Smit SC at 3:30 pm.
The amendment to the Constitution in relation to Meghalaya is based on the inclusion of members in these three Councils, the removal of the word 'District' and the introduction of the provisions of the Constitution. Bashiphew (Tenth Schedule); to prohibit the transfer of MDCs from one political party to another after they have been elected.
Jesus said, “If ye continue in my word, then are ye my disciples indeed; and ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free” John 8:31-3
The 19 teams will be divided into four groups and will be able to play home and away starting from October this year.
Shillong, Naitung 16: There are five government schools and four government colleges in Garo Hills which do not have full principals and vice principals, according to the Achik Students Welfare Association (ASWA).
Other candidates for the post of EM are Lyngkyrdem MDC Jansing Tynsong, Laitumkhrah MDC Antonio War, Mawphlang MDC Lamphrang Blah, Mawkynrew MDC Banteidor Lyngdoh and Sohra MDC Donevan Wanlang. .
Sordar Wahkhen was arrested for violating the order of the High Court.
ADB has funded the project to introduce smart meters to bring about accuracy and transparency in the calculation of electricity bills.
He expressed his satisfaction to see that many farmers have improved in their livelihood due to the agriculture which has been able to support their families.
Besides, the KSU has also said that it will consult with the village authorities for the purpose of setting up sports grounds so that it will help the youth to focus on this field and also to forget all kinds of evils.
Those coming from Lum Shaishai and Forest Colony have to go to Lawmali and then to Polo.
I believe that my primary duty is to be with the people.
Other rules for drivers are not to smoke cigarettes or alcoholic beverages in the car, not to drive faster than 50 km/hr, not to speak bad language , they should not wear slippers, but juti, they should avoid overcrowding especially in the front seat, they should avoid over take, they should help women to They shall park their vehicles farther away from the road when they are loading passengers and shall not take advantage of the increase in fares in case of shortage of commercial vehicles and other rules. they.
At the same time, they demanded that the government should pay them their travel expenses as they have to walk and leave every day, said Lyngdoh.
The awards were presented by the Director of Sports, Isawanda Laloo, the Working President of the MSOA, John F. Kharshiing, the Deputy Director of Sports, PB War Nongbri, the Assistant Director, K.K. Passah, in the presence of District Sports Officers and others.
In order to curb the spread of drugs, it was also suggested to the State Government to set up a Narcotic Control Bureau (NCB) in Shillong.
The Khonraij or Chilliangraij brought the village of Blai and placed it at Loom Soo Iung.
It is learned that the house of Kong Sirda Mukhim, the mother and Kong Aidalin Mukhim, the daughter, live nearby. Aidalin Mukhim (Khun) and then spread back to the house of the mother, until it caused severe damage and all the belongings were completely destroyed.
The conclusion is as follows – The Rangbah Shnongs, should understand, that this deadline of theirs, will not work at all, because the government does not want to fulfill their wishes and thus will put many stones and thus, What they have to prepare for is to walk the same path that they have walked last Saturday and to stop playing. to work with the Government in any way and then we will see who is stronger, whether it is the MLA (who fights against the Dorbar Shnong), the Judge (who fights against the Dorbar Shnong), The farmer (who fights against the Dorbar Shnong) and so on.
The NOC is from the Superintendent of Fisheries, West Khasi Hills District, Nongstoiñ.
There are 4,263 confirmed cases and the death toll has risen to
Other speakers included LC Ryngkhlem, Secretary Sport Club IS Ryngkhlem and SS Suting cut the cake.
The Prevention of Corruption Act has also imposed a fine of T.1.80 crore and T.3 lakh against the two former government officials who went to Central Jail, Aizawl.
In the same press release, it was ordered that on Sunday, Sunday, no vehicles will be moving, churches will be open, shops will be closed according to the rules. , offices, banks, will be closed and the traffic, which is not necessary, will not run at all.
Doctors and authorities have been directed to ensure that those who are sick, stay at home, to prevent the spread of the disease.
Dorphang is an independent MLA who supports the MUA-II government led by Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma.
He encouraged that through the establishment of this tourist attraction, it will be one of the ways to save land and increase jobs in the village.
Regarding the delay of the Sports Department to release the cash prize which has been going on for 10 years, the group had a meeting with the Director of Sports & Youth Affairs, Government. The state has replied that the Government is preparing to release and distribute the prize money to them.
Friends, here I am going to tell you about my journey from childhood until now and I hope that you will get a lot of advice and encouragement through this story of mine.
One of them walked naked, while three others were wearing only their underwear.
I would like to congratulate the President of the BJP, the State, for his speech in these days and that is that he wants to get an account of how the MLAs of the State, spend T .25lak, which is the amount, which has been allocated for the distribution of foodgrains to the poor people of the State.
And we see that God has spoken to us, to me, to you through His Son Jesus Christ through His Word, if we believe, but the unbeliever is defeated.
It is cheaper than 50 kg of ration at the market price.
The issues discussed at the meeting were the salary of ₹1000 per month, while the working hours are from 8 am to 4 pm from Monday to Thursday. week.
"Yes, I don't believe it, I'll go and meet her in the hope that such a belief is no longer true," said Hep.
One of the Fish Processing Units of the Y Kharsyntiew SHG was inaugurated in Mairang at Umwiehsup, Mairang. 2021-2022 and implemented by the office of the Superintendent of Fisheries, Nongstoin. At the program in Mairang, witnessed the participation of the Superintendent of Fisheries, Nongstoin, Bah A Laloo, other employees of the Fishery Department, the Chief of Nongkhlaw Hima, Paiem KM Syiemlieh, Village Leaders and the people of the area.
It is learned that no MDC has responded to the UDP, while Bah HS Shylla, MDC of the UDP from Nongkrem, has not accepted the post of CEM or Bah Teinwel DKhar.
The training was conducted by Amkoi Agro & Eco Friendly Tourism Promotion Society Ltd on Friday last month.
On the other hand, Bah Michael took part in explaining to Barla regarding the needs of the hospital such as preparing to build a new building at a low cost. to 53 crore rupees.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Police Football Team (MPFT) beat Young Blood Sports Club 10-0 in the second quarter of the V Mawten Invitation Football Tournament Mawten Sports Club at Mawpyllun Mini Stadium, Mawten.
All the speakers expressed their gratitude to Ma Kalbod Suchiang, who has opened the way for the Sein Kur to get its own land for various activities of the Seinkur Suchiang Central. Body.
On this day, the Khasi Khara from all over the Ri Khasi Jaintia have attended the 122nd Anniversary of the Seng to enrich the day. different from the Khasi branch.
Bisharlang Kharumnuid (30 min) scored the first goal for MLP FT followed by Donalius Lapang in the 38th minute.
It is understood that during his visit, he will meet with senior government officials of the state to discuss the implementation of schemes in the state which the central government has prepared.
He said that the proposal to mine uranium has been opposed and rejected since 2006-07 when Bah HS Shylla, CEM at that time, was the chairman of UCIL. The hearing held in 2007, decided not to allow uranium mining,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
She said she is now waiting for the government to release the money allocated by the central government to the district councils and once received, it will release the money to the people.
He said that since July this year, the price of jhur has increased from T.20 to T.40 per kilo, while the price of beef has increased by T.6 per kilo. GST tax on many commodities has increased the price of goods and the tax has been very high on food items, due to the GST price has caused many problems and it is not known whether the government has discussed or expressed opposition to the GST Council.
In this tournament which was held at Donbosco Hall Laitum, Shillong, this youngster from West Khasi Hills has reached this goal through many times in this tournament.
??.25 trucks of cement every day.
The meeting was organized by the Government of Meghalaya, the Meghalaya Early Childhood Development Mission (MECDM) and the Meghalaya Health Systems Strengthening Project (MHSSP) in collaboration with the Sesame Workshop India Trust with the support of the SBI Foundation and the Indian Institute of Technology. Banking & Finance.
There are those who say that there will be mismanagement and corruption in the vaccine industry.
According to Bah Kharkamni, it is understood that these villagers have imposed a curfew on the polling day and this has affected the voters in the polling station. Three polling stations at Khyndoo Soo, Mawlasnai A and Mawlasnai B. The leader of the students' union said that there are 2,000 votes, only those registered by the KSU in , before the MLA elections and therefore, he admitted, that the loss of votes, was the highest on that day, for the MP election, for the Shillong Lok Sabha Constituency.
The opening prayer was delivered by Bah G Nongrum Vice President of the party and after the opening speech by Bah D. Lamare General Secretary of the party.
The electricity market has also expanded through the introduction of the Real-Time Market; and by introducing a Term Ahead and Day-Ahead market for electricity generated from renewable sources.
In the 8th century B.C., Jesus was not born on earth.
On the other hand, the union urges the MeECL department to take immediate action before these electricity posts collapse.
The death toll worldwide has risen to 50,200 as of Friday and the disease is spreading in parts of the United States and Europe.
How can this country be allowed to become a hideout for foreigners, how can the government and the people allow these foreigners whether they are Rohingya or Bangladeshis to stay and arrive in India? BJP President Amit Shah has already made a public statement in Rajasthan that the names of the authorities should not be removed from the Electoral Roll and should not be expelled from the country.
When asked whether the owners of the houses have not provided water to the tenants, they said, “They have water but they have not given us water.
He said that this has been a blessing for many poor families to improve their income.
But the question we must ask is: How do we react when we face those challenges or struggles? (The best example is through the life of JOB).
Earlier, the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, Bah S Kharlyngdoh, had dismissed the son of Bah Nongsiej, Kardius Syiemlieh.
On the other hand, the Chief Secretary, Y. Tsering, declined to comment on the matter, but said that the government has rules and regulations for government employees.
So far, police have arrested 17 people involved in the rape.
Two historians, Will and Ariel Durant, wrote: “Uncertainty is the mother of greed.
There was also a yoga class for students from various colleges and schools in East and West Jaintia Hills District.
Bah Nongrum said the failure of the Speaker to introduce his Special Motion is a deprivation of his right as an elected leader to speak in the House.
He also encouraged the coaches and District Sports Officers who attended the event to continue to encourage and guide the young athletes of the state.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung19: West Khasi Hills District is the largest district in the state and is also the district with the lack of development works in terms of roads, water supply and electricity. .
However, it was said that the aid would be easier to reach the battlefield, as it falls under the Ukraine Security Assistance.
Delhi reported 384 new cases on Saturday, bringing the total number of cases to 4,122, with 1,362 recoveries and 3,123 undergoing treatment. after.
If the word uniform is used it means everything is the same for everyone and everyone whether it works or not.
“We are pleased to announce that our wedding will be on the 29th of November 2023 in Imphal Manipur, followed by Mumbai.
The first leg of the final also included India, who came second behind New Zealand in their tournament in Southampton two years ago.
Meanwhile, Aashish Kumar Lohar tied 57 runs for Meghalaya to reach 124 runs for the loss of all wickets.
The meeting was accompanied by Adilbert Nongrum, President of KHNAM, other dignitaries from Ri-Lum Jaintia, in fact Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, CEM who is also the Vice President of KHNAM. The HSPDP had arrived in Pynursla to campaign for Pastor PBM, but due to time constraints, Ardent had to leave for other places.
He said that not only they, others will also come.
He said that as the party, it has already put in mind its strategy for the Lok Sabha elections in
“As it is now, the synrop will be only between the national parties and not with the national parties, because the national parties have their own agendas while the national parties have their own agendas,” he said. u Bah Metbah in the media.
Some believe that there are 9 stairs in heaven, this is doubtful to accept.
"If the churches are the houses of God, why can the storm still strike and why does the fire burn? Look at the events of previous years, how many churches have been destroyed by the storm. and how many churches were destroyed by fire.
He said that when the employees of the council complained to the CEM about the salary, the CEM replied that the state government does not give money, when it is the same government in the council and the state government. who shall be asked.
Even foreigners who are residents of the state, have expressed their concern about the influx of foreigners into the state.
Meghalaya was incorporated in 1971 and became a full state in 1972 and since the independence of the new state, there has been no department to look after the rights of the people of the state. These activities related to culture have to go through the Ministry of Education as it is only a small department.
The HYC leader said that if the government does not get the NOC from the District Council, it will not be able to take land for these development projects.
"Up to 16,000 health workers will have to inject the first batch, as Meghalaya has received 35,000 doses and the second batch will be injected on the 28th of this month. after they have received their first dose.
The increase in the price of petrol and diesel has already been a serious attack (not on the drivers), on the people, because when the price of petrol increases, the price increase. It goes to the drivers, the carriers of food items to the villages and this is a strong sympathy for the poor and needy, in such a situation.
Furthermore, the village authorities, through the Rangbah Shnong, have requested the government and NHAI to install a speed breaker at the village to avoid accidents.
The Congress party leader said that they have high hopes that they will do well in this election and as the party we are happy that at this time all the candidates are those whom the party hopes to reach the election. thong, the name shall be proclaimed in these days.
Up to 24 research papers by Ph.D.
One of the ways of dissemination is by distributing leaflets to drivers, school children and public in different parts of Jowai city led by the In-charge Traffic Cell u OC Women PS. While the team of Officer Incharge Jowai Police Station, Bah S Mannar in collaboration with the Mihmyntdu Community Social Welfare Association (MCSWA) which is conducting the project, They held a public awareness meeting at Stand Ummlong, Ïawmusiang, Jowai.
They cannot get any help because they don't get oxygen,” said Bhatti.
“We started construction of the stadium in the first week of April 2022 and the stadium will be rented to any individual, or club who wants to play or host sports tournaments," he said. u Bah Wanshan Kharbudon.
“We may not have held talks yet even though we feel that this is the way forward,” he said.
Priyanka also strongly criticized the BJP for its lack of respect for the youth of the state.
Thus, the PMKSK initiative has played a major role in empowering the farmers and strengthening the income of the country.
In these days, we have experienced the heat and the drought that has afflicted mankind.
There have been 8,102 new cases in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of cases to 110,2
In the penalty shootout, Turiap FC scored four goals, while NH6 scored only two goals and thus Turiap FC advanced to the final.
On the other hand, Zenith said he could not say anything on this issue as he had not had the opportunity to talk to the opposition leader.
Pollstar Khardewsaw also urged the veterinarians in the Districts, Sub-Divisions and Block to provide special training to the farmers and farmers in the villages to know how to prevent diseases. of breeders before catching illness and vaccination After catching illness of breeders.
On the other hand, Kharshiing said that through the policy, the government has announced and increased the cash award from T.7500 to T. 60,000 tyngka to the gold medal winners as part of the encouragement to the youth.
Furthermore, in this protest through the leaders of the KSU office inside the university and this protest resulted in the authorities of the university had to increase the fee from T. /- to T.8000/- which has been a blessing for the students of the University at Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi District.
The President of the Sein Kur Pale, Elnathan Pale, who also confirmed the award and Jewel Pale, gave a speech of congratulations.
The Mawlai Phudmuri Women's Association, Rangbah Shnong Bah S.Khongkliam, Village Office bearers, Mawlai Phudmuri Youth Wing, residents and others attended the ceremony.
It needs laws and laws should not deprive the people of food, but should teach the people how to earn money to work and respect the environment that God has created.
Shillong: The Grace Covenant Church will celebrate its Silver Jubilee from 9th to 13th June
Last April, the National Register of Citizens in Assam excluded 19 lakh citizens, which was believed to be targeted at Muslims.
AIS SujaU sat on the ground.
Wolbetstar Ramsiej and Marqueenless Ramsiej were welcomed by the elders, parents and youth of Sakwang village.
She said that the AAI has informed that the price for the construction of the runway at Umroi Airport has already been sent to the State Government and the State Government has not responded.
Kurkalang said more than 50,000 people will take part in different parts of Khasi and Jaintia Hills to raise flags and raise flags everywhere.
Recalling his life in the Congress party for many years, Khan said, “The party in this state is no longer the same as before, there is no new working method for the party”. concluded Mr. Khan.
The road to it is through the world war.
Awareness training on balanced use of fertilizers was also conducted by Dr. EK Marbaniang, SMS Extension.
The human body has its own time to recover and it is not exactly as scientists explain.
In April, the government is expected to announce the names of the areas affected by the drought in collaboration with the central government.
It will also be a shame in the history of Meghalaya which has reached the age of 50 years to see that the Government has forced teachers to sleep all night on the streets.
He said the KHADC will request as soon as there is a feeling that the NGT should consult with the Council before issuing the order to ban coal mining which affects the entire state.
The Court has fixed the hearing of the case for 11th June.
Those who attended the event included teachers of Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat, parents and other elders.
He said that the KHADC will have to investigate the facts by visiting the places where there are no complaints and if the complaints are not true, the Council will take action. you of the decision.
To take a jait from a man in the mind of the Khasi is like selling our own customs and traditions as we have been taught by our ancestors.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Ardent said, “We don't expect the Congress party to be able to solve the problems of the people. they have not got the full state".
In his resignation letter, he said, “I have come to submit my resignation letter as MLA of the 33rd – Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly from 28th November ".
Therefore, the taxi drivers urged the passengers to be vigilant at night as the number of drug users has increased.
This tyng-shop understands that he needs to discipline and improve himself at such a time and also not to do anything wrong in his life.
Ma Lakmen Rymbui also urged the public to inform the law enforcement authorities if they find anyone involved in the enmity of wildlife.
Kushal Bagchi of RK Mission HSS, Cherrapunji, who scored the same mark (548 marks), was also included in the category.
The government has appointed Ringrang as the SP of the Fire and Emergency Services Department in Tura.
An inseparable society and people live together and enjoy peace, happiness and freedom.
On the same day, Bah Paul also inaugurated the Khliehumlang Bio-Diversity Park at Sohbar followed by the planting of trees.
From the statement of the leader, it is understood that there are also Congress MLAs from Jaintia Hills, whom the talks have been going on in these days and who can join the party. BJP, before the 2018 elections.
The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) has announced that it has signed a 10-year contract with the player. Retention' for the Indian Cricket Team.
Isn't this against the Khasi word 'Ka tip briew'? There is no mention of God the Creator, in public administration it is unfounded to preach or witness to God, even in the Holy Bible it is clearly explained where Jesus says that Caesar's share is Rome. It will be given to Ceaser, which belongs to God and will go to God, which makes it clear that politics and personal faith should not be used as a playground.
In the second half, Lajong came back to the field with all their strength and didn't let go of any chance and took the lead in the 52nd minute through a goal. Kynsaibor Lhuid who also scored his first goal in the tournament.
So far, 10 prisoners have died from the disease in the country.
The meeting was attended by senior leaders of the UDP, HSPDP, MLAs, MDCs, office bearers, supporters and others.
The blockade will affect teachers including SSA, Deficit and Govt teachers who will sit for the Diploma in Elementary Education (D.El) examination.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 13: About 35 groups of farmers from Ri Bhoi who produce agricultural products to support the farmers for the market have benefited today through the program organized by FOCUS at Science Hall, Nongpoh.
It is also alleged that for this reason, the farmers who have rebelled against the Rangbah Shnong have lost their village certificates and ration.
The Government has decided to talk to banks to provide financial support for this project to generate electricity from other sources and not just from water.
“At the same time, the Congress leader also requested the HNLC not to withdraw from the peace talks.
He said that the KHADC has also allocated a scholarship of about 50 lakh to the youth who conduct research on the culture and traditions of the Khasi people. and the writings of the ancients in this age shall know what the ancients have done.
We have worked hard in all aspects both physically and in sports.
Golden is also one of the Congress candidates who contested the MLA election from Rambrai Jyrngam constituency.
These knives are kept all night, and while the wheat is still hot, they cut it.
The author does not accept the statement 'that the political parties end only in Byrnihat' because we have those who have been able to fight and those in Delhi like Bah James Joy Mohan Nichols Roy , Hover Ninth &amp; GG Swell.
Therefore, I will stop here and leave it to the wisdom of you readers if you are interested or you feel the need to shut your mind, criticize and thir the area for the sake of The Khasi language will continue to grow until we have achieved what we want which is the recognition of it.
To this day they are the members of the Church.
Relations between India and Canada have deteriorated following the shooting death of Hardeep Singh Nijjar on July 18 in Surrey, Vancouver.
Rani said that the state government department has not paid the salaries of the muster rolls according to the new price set since
On the other hand, the KSU in a meeting with the DC today at his office and demanded the deployment of police patrols in Saba village for the protection of the farmers especially during this time. you for planting for bet.
Speaking to media, some of the residents of Raid Marwet who are responsible for the post of Rangbah Shnong Pyllun, said that the Hima Mylliem has decided to elect Byrnihat Pyllun, Narbong Pyllun, Baridua Pyllun and The Umtyrnga Pyllun said that they do not want the Hima Mylliem to elect people from outside the Raid but the Rangbah Shnong Pyllun should be the owners of the Raid Marwet to take over the post of Khaddar.
Before the opening ceremony, a short prayer was conducted by Pastor NS Phawa who is also the President of Managing and at the same time the Chairman who conducted the meeting. Bhologanj Block, Principal MB Khongwir who told the story of the development of the school, Kong Khongwir said that the school which was opened today received assistance at the right time. Jopthiaw Lyngdoh, Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, has donated T.5 lakh.
“The interim government banned the use of pesticides on crops, but when the economy declined, it had to allow the use of pesticides again.
“Many of the policies and programs of the government are for the youth to give us the support to fight hard what we need most is for our youth,” he said. Chief.
Regarding the working methods of the incumbent MP, Bah Kharjahrin said he will leave it to the people to decide, but it is time to replace Bah Pala who has been an MP for a long time. 15 years.
He said that the first talks were held in Tura on the 23rd of this month , where they discussed the need to surrender their weapons to the government and the need to live a new life .
“Earlier, the government used to call it the Affordable Housing Assistance Scheme but now it has turned into the Chief Minister's Housing Assistance Scheme,” he said.
CLP Leader Dr Mukul Sangma, in his speech, said that the death of Bah David is a loss not only to the party, but also to the state as a whole.
The meeting was attended by the President of West Khasi Hills, Dr. Eureka Lyngdoh, MLAs and MDCs of the Congress party.
Besides the CEM, the Executive Member (EM) in charge of Health and Sanitation, Victor Ranee, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, District Council officials and shopkeepers in the market.
It was only through the help of his father and neighbors that these children were rescued.
“We need to create opportunities to make better use of the resources that the state has for economic development,” he said.
He alleged that the state government has misused hundreds of crores of rupees from the PMGSY scheme to build roads in the villages.
Chinese President Xi Jinping met with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky on Tuesday to discuss Ukraine's problems with Russia's invasion. .
HNYF South Circle DFawki has demanded that the government should send another chowkidar to the hospital.
training classes will be two hours twice a month.
At present, power outages continue even if the water levels in the power stations have increased and production capacity has increased.
Nengja was killed last year at Mahadep village in South Garo Hills.
Before the programme, a two-day sports meet was held by the Sports Club, where competitions such as race, long jump and so on were held.
Syngkon was named Player of the Match.
Railways are dangerous, not only from those foreigners who can invade, niuma, this is the main reason, but without railways it is very difficult to travel, whether in Shillong or Jowai and also in around the small villages, but it affects the environment, because we have to dig up the hills and rivers around, cut down tens of thousands of trees, garbage and other hazards. evil, which have destroyed this peaceful and holy state, in which we have lived until now.
The third earthquake measuring 4.4 on the Richter scale struck Sindhupalchowk district at 6:34 pm, the National Seismological Center in Kathmandu said. day in Kavre District, 75 kilometers from Kathmandu.
Many of the schemes, especially those of the Central Government have been implemented through blocks and therefore it is important that the people have the facilities to access the development works initiated by the Government.
Therefore, all IMFL/Bars/Hotels/CA Bars/CS Shops and square shops have been ordered to close on that day.
Here too, there has been a negligence in teaching about manners, and the government authorities have been expelled only in the field of education.
Assam said that in the past two months, 912 cases of drug trafficking have been seized by the Assam police and 1,560 people have been arrested.
Meanwhile, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma on 5.8.2022 told the Rangbah Shnongs of Block-II that the boundary work will resume after Independence Day.
At present, Joselu has finished third in the tournament with 16 goals; Although his team, Espanyol, which is currently in a dangerous position and could be relegated, he has been recalled from the national football team. They will play in the semifinals of the Nations League.
The two parties also decided to work together to restore peace and stability.
Jemino said that although it is not yet time to express its views publicly, the UDP has already considered all eight issues and the party feels that these views are not against the UDP. There are no ethnic groups in Meghalaya.
They also urged all the Khasi MLAs to speak out on this issue as this is the right time to renew the recruitment quota and they should not just listen to the insults of the youth. “Know therefore that now also the ax is laid unto the root of the trees: therefore every tree which bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire.
After this, Adolf Hitler of Nazi Germany massacred many Israelis, not wanting to leave a single Israelite on earth.
Hills said this is for the information of the public that the decision of the court has been implemented immediately in these areas and if anyone is found violating will be punished according to the law as it is against the law. the decision of the court.
There have been 27 new cases in the state today, including 7 cases in East Khasi Hills and Ribhoi District, with 15 new cases.
The political parties think that the voters will forget just because they opened these projects before the elections and vote for them but it is not so,” said BJP President Ernest Mawrie. promised to complete all the major projects in the state as soon as the government was formed.
Scientists now expect the outbreak to increase in June and Argentina, African countries and parts of South America are at high risk. , from the fierce attack of the puit in the coming days.
It may be recalled that in a meeting with reporters, the ASHAs said that if they were to distribute the polio vaccine themselves, they could complete the work within the date set by the government. Because they know all the households where there are children, the health workers don't know how many children there are in one household and how many in another.
Nongstoiñ, 29 'Lyngkot:A 6 year and 9 month old girl has been caught in the hands of a robber who has lost her compassion and compassion. They raped the little girl who was also the son of the brother-in-law of the robber.
Speaking to reporters, Charles said, “In my opinion, and when I talked to some MLAs, I didn't see that they had the feeling or desire of Which MLA will leave the party until 2023 and after that I cannot explain”.
India has banned flights from the UK to India until November 31, 2020, the report said.
As we have experienced in the past years, whenever there are such festivals, there are many riots and they affect the peace and order in the villages and this time now. When they finish on Sunday, we really have that feeling, because on that Sunday, there are neighboring villages that have services and it will be affected by the sound of musical instruments.
Therefore, the Union requests all SSA teachers in the State to come out in order as agreed on that day.
The Minister said that the Central Government cannot wait and the Ministry of Railways can cancel the railway project to Shillong and the project will be extended to other parts of the country. the state.
Donbok improved his earnings.
“Stimac has been suspended for one match only and cannot be more than that,” he said from Dhaka on Friday.
The group demands that the statues of Jesus or Mary should be removed from all Christian schools within 15 days and if they do not comply they will face severe punishment.
Amritpal is currently in custody under the National Security Act (NSA), where anyone arrested will be detained for up to one year without trial.
“According to the Constitution, the Reservation Policy is only for 10 years. " he added.
Shillong: Groups of four political parties on Tuesday evening held a sit-in and burnt mombati at the statue of Kiang Nangbah near the Civil Hospital, Shillong, as part of the protest against the Five Khasi residents of Mukroh village (Block-1) in West Jaintia Hills District have been arrested.
The party has called a special meeting on Tuesday at the Indoor Hall of Ladthadlaboh Village, Jowai at 10 pm to welcome and honor these four political leaders. The party is contesting its first Lok Sabha election since its inception in 2012 by former Lok Sabha Speaker Purno A Sangma.
There were 727 male and 724 female dancers and a total of 1,451 dancers, which was very pleasant, especially when the sun was shining. 'mei ngi' came to dance in a new dress.
Furthermore, their access to education, health and lifestyle, the availability of housing, infrastructure and others and the lighting of the village. show the true condition of the people in these places where they live.
The newspapers are known as the fourth estate or the fourth pillar of democracy, but the Meghalaya government has treated the fourth estate too much and by estimation, these five newspapers have been allowed to T.7 crore and each newspaper, the smallest, has been paid T.50-T.60 lakh to various government departments. Many of the newspapers have been closed down and these are still continuing to this day, many of them have just withdrawn money from different banks.
The rally was also attended by Congress MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh, George Lyngdoh and Congress MDCs.
Since July 2017, he has worked as an Upper Division Clerk and has opened several accounts in his name and in the names of his family members, in which he has deposited huge sums of money, the ED said. The number of people infected with the coronavirus in the United States has risen to 32,917 as of Friday, with 4,491 deaths in the past 24 hours, the highest number of deaths so far.
The quarter final of the Subroto Cup in the Under-17 Boys and Under-17 Girls category sponsored by the DSO Jowai came to an end on Friday at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner (Excise), East Khasi Hills, on Tuesday announced that all liquor shops in Shillong will be closed tomorrow, 24th November too.
The RBDSA leader said that initially the state government had promised to improve the Kurkalang Stadium and which was planned to be converted into the National Stadium. one of the venues to be the centerpiece of the National Games to be held in
The village leaders of Raid Lyngkhat on Sunday once again visited Madan Kynjat Lyngkhat, one of the most famous sports grounds near Bangladesh.
he signed into law the Dine Natural Resources Protection Act (DNRPA)
The Minister said that after receiving complaints from several Sengbhalang groups, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has issued a notice on 6th November 2023, to suspend the Open category scholarship. until the citizenship of the candidates can be verified according to the OM of the Ministry of Home (Political) issued on July 10,
The Rangbah Shnong of Rynjah, Bah Dannay Lyngwi, said that out of the 1200 Khasi who have registered in the NFSA, only 170 have registered while foreigners have registered. names up to 370 people in the village.
After the union searched the documents, and found that they could not provide the documents, the union and even the Rangbah Shnong did not have any information about the arrival of these foreigners, the union immediately turned away and sent Give them back their clothes, that they may return to their villages.
“I'll listen for a while.
She said that she has received the report of the DHS investigation and it will be sent to the officers for further investigation. The National Health Mission has appointed a committee on this issue.
This has happened in Mawkhar, Jaiaw, Wahingdoh and other places. Prohibitions have been imposed in some places, he said and those who violate will be punished according to the law.
The project has been allocated up to T.1,600 crore of which T.500 crore has already been released for the first phase and is scheduled to be completed within 36 months,” he said.
Earlier this month, the NIA filed a complaint against 10 people allegedly residents of Balochistan.
The woman gets married again and the children get married again.
“As the largest party in the country, we feel that it should contest the MP election from this state if the goal of electing a joint candidate from the MDA coalition does not reach its goal,” he said. , said Mr. Hek.
The case has been sent to the Session Judge SDJM (West), who has fixed the hearing on 24th October 2020. The lawyer alleged that the two men had an intention to exterminate the human beings from this world and thus, they spread the coronavirus.
If found, the driver will face disciplinary action or the parents will also have to face prosecution.
The injured were identified as Hemanto Rabha, A. Rai, Sengrak Sangma, Stanlywell Lyngdoh and B Baruah.
In this regard, the MLA promised to take action to ensure that the families of these two persons should receive financial assistance from the State Government in the amount of 4 lakh tyngka.
Therefore, all the schemes of the government should be implemented in a transparent manner so that it can provide transparency and accountability but in relation to the Mid Day Meal, the bags of donations have been accepted and the time of receipt is not regular. said the news.
With this recognition by the ECI as a national party, the NPP led by Purna A Sangma will also be the first party in the North East to receive the status of National Party. Party.
The visit was part of the inspection of the stones which also mark the border of Meghalaya.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, expressed his gratitude to Swami Vivekananda.
Therefore, the 13 Sengbhalang invite and invite all the Rangbah Shnongs, Rangbah Dongs of different villages, all the residents of East & West Jaintia Hills, Parents KNGC students and others, all the students and all the members of the Sengbhalang who are concerned about the life and death of the Jaitbynriew, please come out in public to attend this march to expressed its deep sorrow over this bombing by the law enforcement agencies of the students who are fighting for the rights and future of the students of Jaintia Hills.
“In the past, the printing of newspapers was difficult, because the machine was not as easy as these days,” said Bah Erwin.
With the victory, Meghalaya has moved up to second place in the Plate Group, behind Nagaland and has now qualified for the semi final.
However, what is more surprising is the entry of the newly formed VPP but it has won four MLAs to defeat the incumbent MLAs and has done well in some of the elections. constituency to come five bad times.
In connection with this Special Session, the Bills scheduled to be introduced are the Advocates (Amendment) Bill, 2023; the Press and Registration of Periodicals Bill, 2023; the Post Office Bill, 2023, and the Elders Bill and three other Bills relating to Scheduled Tribes and Scheduled Caste.
Niakha, who had opened her ears to hear, felt sorry for her son Kha.
Dawki Market is one of the largest markets in War Jaintia which is also on the border with Bangladesh.
when a person takes things as negative he or she will never improve in their life.
Himanta, Conrad Sangma and Dr Mukul Sangma have visited the UDP President to form a government.
The President of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) East Khasi Hills, Bah Bless Dkhar, said that on the Harijan issue, the government should not just postpone the talks but should immediately remove them.
“A living culture moves with the changing times.
Romans 11:25-3
When the second phase of COVID-19 began to spread in the country, the village was quick to set up a COVID-19 Committee and set up a quarantine facility at Ramakrishna Mission, the school in that village.
The JNC said that the abandonment of these buildings is like allowing criminals to hide in these places and this will pose a serious threat especially to the workers and farmers. they shall not stand in these places.
It is very interesting to see that this government is willing to take a strong decision”.
He who tries to pretend to be a Bishop is not a Bishop of the Catholic Church,” he added.
But if we share in that first resurrection we will receive eternal life Daniel 12:2
The Congress MPs shouted in the House that they demanded the resignation of the BJP leaders for the work of Lalit Modi and the Vyapam corruption.
He said that until now there are some VECs which have been suspended for about 5 years the PMC funds allocated for the traveling expenses and needs of the Chairman and Secretary of the VEC, but until now they have not received anything. VEC leaders to complete their duties.
Passah said they will lodge a complaint with the Governor to take action.
Where she ran a 30km race and came in first place.
Shillong: Meghalaya has reported 229 new cases of Covid-19 on Tuesday, 30th June 2021, 2 deaths and 166 recoveries.
Banshan J Laloo, MPS, SP Traffic, has been transferred to the post of SP West Khasi Hills District and Bikram D Marak, MPS, Deputy Commandant, 4th MLP, has been transferred to the post of SP. (Traffic), East Khasi Hills.
The Chief Minister inaugurated the Children's Recreation Park at Mawkdok Bridge in the presence of Titos W. Chyne MLA/MDC Sohra, CVD Diengdoh SDO Sohra (Civil), Barkos Warjri IAS Additional The meeting was held at the Community Hall Mawkdok after the meeting. The meeting was opened by the Sordars and Village Leaders of the village.
Zechariah 12:10.
The statement said that regarding the school, which was set up by the woman, the village has not had any complaint, but the only thing is that the village will He said that the village will have to be vigilant in such situations so as not to cause any disturbance in the community and in the village. the whole village was built.
He said that on the 17th he will hold talks with the Cabinet, on the 18th with the MDA and on the 19th with all political parties in the state.
Regarding the complaint that there are contractors who build roads and these roads do not last long, Prestone replied, “We have discussed the Quality Control. and we shall establish strict and strong laws and regulations, so that any contractors who carry out any work, must be fair and shall complete the work on time. whether it is 10 years or 15 months and they must follow this schedule”.
While inspecting the Quarantine Centres, the MLA of Jirang, visited Umrit, Warmawsaw, Patharkhmah, Jirang and other places. accommodation, sum, outdoor and others.
Once again, he hopes that the RDA candidate will win as the UDP has 12 MLAs and the HSPDP has 2 MLAs.
Because women are discriminated against and abused, they can earn money to farm and feed their children from the products of farming.
On the other hand, the Kur requests all the members of the Kur to attend the second Dorbar, said a statement sent by A.Tang, Secretary of the Seiñkur Tang Pyllun.
Shillong: The Khasi Kmie Festival will end today on the 15th June 2019 at Lumpung Weiking Jaiaw, Shillong.
The inspection was led by Bah K.Mawlong SI Nongstoin Police Station, in the presence of battalions and journalists, who witnessed the incident.
This has happened since the birth of the meikhaloi.
Speaking on the occasion, the leaders of various teams expressed their delight that India has won the South Asian Football Tournament and especially from India. Lionel Daryl Rymmei was also led by Samla Lionel Daryl Rymmei as the goalkeeper who also won the award as the best goalkeeper among the countries that took part in the tournament. The sports industry is a great example for the youth in the state to develop in the sports industry.
On the other hand, the officer of the Social Welfare Department has lodged a complaint and the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
The incident occurred after the residents of Assam blocked the road and protested against the movement of stone trucks coming from a quarry known as Sureka. Enterprise located in Maikhuli Village, Ri Bhoi District.
Therefore, the government has had to allocate funds for the cleaning of three roads, as this road connects with the color road which leads to Mawphanlur to the east and which leads to Mawkohnoh village. which is to the west.
The Incharge of DIO East Jaintia Hills District, Dr NP Suchiang said that the main objective of the MSNP+ is to find more people affected by HIV. /AIDS and this can only be done through the cooperation of all government departments, Sengbhalang, NGOs, various groups and the public.
The victim, Sister Rosemary, who works in St. John's Parish, Siju, West Garo Hills, Meghalaya, said she was leaving Dudnai for Goalpara on that day by boarding a bus at St. John's Parish, Siju. At about 11 pm, she had paid the fare to Goalpara after she was subjected to insults and rude remarks by some of the passengers.
The Government should invite a group of vehicle owners and drivers to work together to improve the parking system in Khyndailad and Motphran.
Before the rally, there will be a meeting at 9:30AM on the 27th where some of the symbols of speech will be delivered. Rangbah Shnong and prominent leaders of the area and after that it will start at 11:00AM. He said that the government's negligence in the area has made it seem that the entire Maweit area no longer falls under the jurisdiction of the Meghalaya government.
The US assistance comes at a time when Ukraine is preparing to fight hard to defend its border from Russia, especially in the East. and the south of Ukraine, which Russia has intensified its attacks.
Speaking to media on Friday, Bah Pynïaid said that the topic of the research will be on the governance of culture, customs and traditions in the field of census, land and shyiap. Khasi and others.
“There is nothing wrong with the HPC to build a new Legislative Assembly,” said the Public Information Officer (PIO) of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
He said that the party has already sought permission from the District Sports Officer and the relevant authorities but they have refused to give permission.
The National People's Party (NPP) has strongly opposed the CAB 2016 in 2018 because it does not have the rules to protect Meghalaya and the North East. whole.
But here NC was the first thing taken.
"When the “Thynrei ka Iawbei” is over, the thanksgiving of Hynniew Trep – The shat of the Kheiñ, the Khnong of the Bishar, the Thanksgiving, the Prayer of the Phirat, the Suit of the Shor, the Jer of the Thoh, The Kheiñ Kur Kheiñ Kha and others who have grown and remained strong to this day, who have become the strong Mawdong and Mawshun of the Hynniewtrep Hynniew Skum people.
According to him, everything will be clarified after the meeting.
Indian Long Jump athlete Muhammed Anees Yahiya has failed to complete his career in the Cyprus International Athletics Meeting. to win the Rnong medal in this tournament.
He was taken to Nongstoin Civil Hospital where the doctor who treated him sent him to MIMHANS, Shillong.
He said that to establish a training school has to face many difficulties, especially in these days, when the struggle for jobs has become so terrible that we have to fight.
At present, these contract teachers under the banner of MGLPCTA are continuing their protest in front of the Kiang Nangbah monument near the Civil Hospital.
Shillong, July 06: On the ban on the slaughter of animals and cows issued by the Central Government, Bah Shibun said that the party does not need to talk at length on this issue as the Prime Minister has State Governor Dr Mukul Sangma has already explained this.
According to information received by this reporter from some of the people in charge of the election in the district, the government has already decided to set up another polling station in Langpih and The Election Commission of India (ECI) has already decided to approve the proposal and will announce it to the public. Regarding the loss of Langpih polling station, they said that after the invasion of the Assam police in 1979, the residents of Langpih polling station. They fled the area in fear and went to settle temporarily in Kyndongei village and since then Langpih has lost its polling station.
The Minister said that all the states are actively participating in this scheme to benefit the street vendors.
Pakistani police on Saturday said nine people were kidnapped by armed robbers who tried to seize a bus while it was traveling from southwestern Pakistan. on the border of Afghanistan and Iran.
“In fact, after approving the decisions in many areas, I have already written to the Government of India for the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the 8th Schedule,” Sangma said.
Saralin Rynghang has been selected for the trials for the Asian Games to be held in Hangzhou, China.
In Pool-D, Khliehriat West FC were relegated. In Pool-A and B, Wahiajer NYSSC and Rangad SC were relegated to the Second Division. Umlyngka SC has won its first round of the SRGT 3rd Division Football League 2023 organized by the Shillong Sports Association.
“We request them to be patient and help us to understand the truth,” said Samla Marbud Dkhar President FKJGP Mawlai Circle, who is also Secretary and Donbok Kharlyngdoh President KSU Mawlai Circle. who is also the chairman of the committee.
The decision of the Dorbar Shnong to appoint new dealers or to renew the old dealer shall be announced. The names of the members of the V.C.A.C shall be announced at least 8 (phra) including Chairman, Secretary, members including presidents of Women and Youth Wing, members of Self Help Group and 6 (six) ration card recipients (PHH or AAY) The dealer within the stipulated date, the ration will be distributed to any nearby center so that the people will not lose their ration. electronic weighing scale is not certified by the Metrological Department.
The BJP has also alleged that Pala's remarks are selfish and urged Pala to cooperate with the government for the development of the state. she said it was a job he hadn’t been able to do in the last five years.
“We have told the Home Minister that this Act will violate the Social Assam Accord and will slightly delay the implementation of the NRC,” said Bora.
He said that all those who have contracted the disease are relatives and friends of the first case.
“It doesn't matter whether they are households or factories, MePDCL is still fighting to ensure that everyone pays the electricity bill,” said Prestone. However, the factories or the public should understand that those who have not paid the electricity bill, should also pay along with the interest and the longer they delay, the higher the interest,” said Prestone.
In collaboration with the Mih-Myntdu Community Social Welfare Association, MCSWA which is running the Meghalaya Aids Control Society project known as 'Targeted Intervention' MCSWA member, Bah H.Syngkon, who spoke on his experience and how he has been able to achieve HIV/AIDS, also gave a speech. can be removed from the addiction to drugs.
In the past few years, some of the best players have emerged from the state whom the famous clubs of the country have been trying to sign contracts to play for.
Speaking on the deterioration of the road connecting to Myrdon, the Rajya Sabha MP said that he has already spoken to the Ministry of Rural Development, which has promised to clean up the road. This road leads to Myrdon village.
The people of the state still remember the struggle of Conrad Sangma when he faced the defeat of the Congress candidate from Selsella Constituency in the 2013 Elections.
the damages were intended.
Some will win again and maybe some will lose.
“Because of the symptoms, I sent myself for testing and the first test was negative, the second test was positive.
Reming said that his decision to join the UDP was not his own decision but he had consulted with his supporters in his villages.
James K Sangma Minister of Health and Family Welfare was the chief guest while MLA Dr M Ampareen Lyngdoh was the chief guest in the presence of MDC Fanton J Lakadong, Project Director of Meghalaya AIDS. The purpose of this game is to promote hand games and to provide training on how to prevent and be disciplined to avoid HIV/AIDS. The winners were: Under 55 kgs (Feather Weight) 1st Dibya Jyoti Borah (Assam) 2nd Revelborn Snaitang (Meghalaya) 3rd Pou Lyngdoh (Meghalaya) 3rd Pou Lyngdoh (Meghalaya) Below (Light Weight) 1st Deepankar Mech2 (Rosedul Ali) Assam) 3rd Rangdapbor Swer (Meghalaya) 75 kgs above (Heavy weight) 1st Debojit Sharma (Assam) 2nd Pritam Boro (Assam) 3rd Bakhammaiañ Khongwir (Meghalaya) 50 kgs Below womens (Light Weight) 1st (Angel Myghalaya) Um Kharumnuid 3rd Daina Jyrwa (Meghalaya) 1st Badalin Kharbangar (Meghalaya) 2nd Daisy Hazarika (Assam) 3rd Aiboklin Rina (Meghalaya) Johnny Nongrum and Andy Rumnong (Exhibition Boxing Match), Sambok Lyngdoh (Free Style Football), Nongsteng Sister Traditional Song, Megan Syiem and group Special Numbers and Don Rumnong Guest posing men physic.
The Dorbar Shnong has also banned vehicles passing through the RBBR Road and Leshka, Suchen, Iapmala and Lumskhen areas without any certificate from the Deputy Commissioner's Office.
On the state of health in the state, the Chief Minister said that the health facilities in Meghalaya are poor even though the state has a Chief Minister who is a doctor himself.
In recent months, the Congress Working Committee (CWC), the highest committee of the Congress party, has witnessed many delays in the Congress rule until Ghulam Nabi Azad has proposed to resign from the Congress.
The BJP took this decision after Bah Sanbor Shullai demanded that no action should be taken against Bah AL Hek for attempting to take political advantage by speaking to the media during the visit of Bah Sanbor Shullai. President Draupadi Murmu will visit Meghalaya on the 6th of this month.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the new government will complete the fight against corruption in the state. they shall not bear the iniquity of the law.
The former King of Malaysia has divorced his wife as soon as she had a son, the report said.
On this occasion, Bah Sanbor also expressed the lack of knowledge of the election of leaders of the jaidbynriew because they elect leaders who have to go to Parliament to eat soh ot in the countryside. Many of them have done good things for the benefit of the nation.
When asked whether there is any evidence against the group, he said, “Nothing can be said yet, as the investigation is ongoing.
Shini & Son Enterprise 2.
N Praveen Singh, Deputy Commissioner of Imphal West, issued the order this evening, along with Chitra Devi, Deputy Commissioner of Imphal East.
Chairman of the National Green Tribe (NGT) Justice BP Katoki said that according to the NESAC's findings, coal mining in Jaintia Hills is still ongoing.
The funeral service will be held on the 15th of this month at the Khimusniang Presbyterian Church, Jowai at 2 pm.
Speaking at the meeting, Ma Sniawbhalang expressed his gratitude for the achievements of the MBOSE in the past 50 years and added that the MBOSE is the best Board in the country.
Sample was again collected by the government on 31st July at Mati which is negative.
In the Sub-Junior, Meghalaya was in Group A along with Karnataka, SAI and Uttar Pradesh.
When they returned, one of the suspects had already stopped in the middle of the road and dragged the girl into the forest and raped her, while the two others fled the scene.
However, it has been placed in the open where it can cause harm to the fish, rivers and human beings as well.
P.S.Read also the many articles in 'saindur'
North Shillong MLA Roshan Warjri did not attend the meeting.
“If the Congress is a party of the people, we should have listened to the voice of many churches because we have already discussed this issue,” he said.
You also know that the UDP supports the implementation of the ILP in the state.
And as they were loosing the colt, the owners thereof said unto them, Why loose ye the colt? And the two disciples answered and said, The Lord hath need of him.
The association expressed its gratitude to the children for their participation in the program as the association did not expect that there were many children who are talented in cricket.
Risa Lyngdoh, SMS KVK and Dr.L.Lyngdoh MBBS gave a training and explanation on the farming methods and benefits of Krai. The exhibition of various foods made from Krai was exhibited by HQI staff who are millets artisans from Shillong and also by the farmers of Samanong Village.
On the other hand, Hamar Lyngkhoi said, “The presence of these drug users is a threat to the smugglers who are in the market or outside Nongstoiñ.
Ernestin Kyntiewbor Swer took 51 runs from 33 balls and Kyrmenskhem Nongpluh took three wickets for 9 runs. 4 overs and Moonlight War took 2 wickets for 8 runs in 2.2 overs.
“We cannot accept this allegation and we should investigate thoroughly, but if you accept this allegation, vote for the parties in the MDA,” said Bah Ardent.
Gogoi became a judge of the Gauhati High Court in June 2001 and then joined the Punjab and Haryana High Court in 2010 and became the Chief Justice of the High Court in He joined the Supreme Court as a judge on 23rd June
All shops will be closed to those who have been injected or those who have not been injected.
He said that the opening of the jail is to bring about a proper implementation of the law to get a trial, because when there is a proper trial there will also be a proper trial. implementation of justice in the administration so that the people can get their rights, he added.
Let us look at the examples of the Biju Janata Dal in Odisha, the Janata Dal (United) and RJD in Bihar, the AAP in Delhi and Punjab, the YSR Congress in Andhra Pradesh, the BRS in Telangana, the DMK in Tamil Nadu. Uttar Pradesh, and we will see that they have the strength to fight against the big parties like the BJP.
The Eastern West Khasi Hills District, which includes the villages of Mawthadraishan and Mairang C&RD Block, was inaugurated on 10th November 2021 by the Chief Minister, U.S. Conrad Sangma, in the presence of Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Speaker, Bah HB Nongsiej, MLA Mawthadraishan and Minister of State in the presence of thousands of people at a time when the government has not yet tightened the rules of the disease. COVID 19.
The incident came to light after a 10-year-old child became a victim of this man.
Heavy vehicles will park at the parking lot at Polo while small vehicles will park on the other side of the road from Sawphurlong.
At present, the construction of the shelters for the dogs of Sectors 50 and 135 has been completed and opened.
According to sources, the Shnong and the Police have arrested Bah Kmenwell who has assaulted the child for stealing his tupia from the place where he was. the child was struck.
We have to talk about this from time to time because that time of God's grace is nearing its end upon the nations and kingdoms of the world or upon the Gentiles.
Thakuria then took over again to bowl in the second innings of Arunachal Pradesh and if he succeeds, he could score a hat-trick as he managed to dismiss two batsmen in the second innings. two first.
However, later, the state government has sent back to the Governor confirming the decision to appoint an administrator in KHADC. However, the Governor has not yet taken any decision on this issue.
In the final, Nongkhroh Sports Club beat Friendship United FC 2-0 to win the title with a cash prize of 2 lakh tyngka. She received 1 lakh tyngka and a trophy.
However, this letter of the DC has been rejected by the district authorities of Assam who have come to stop the road construction.
Speaking to reporters, Bah John Nongrum, President of the HYC Baridua Circle, said that the reason why the HYC Baridua Circle has demanded from the DC Ri Bhoi Circle, is that it should send medicine to these areas. The reason for this is because inside these areas, there is the infiltration of foreigners, through the drivers and followers of the trucks that go to load Umphiang and carry goods from these areas.
Of these, 12 members are women who have surrendered to the law.
Some farmers have been injured due to the lack of proper roads and this has caused serious damage to other farmers.
Nicholas became famous for his charity to the poor.
After this, Bah Titos W Chyne donated food items to the William Lewis Boy's Home in Mawphlang which shelters 57 boys.
Speaking to reporters, he said that when he was in the Congress, he had met with AICC leaders especially Rahul Ganhdi and Sonia Gandhi to resolve the issue. Dr Mukul Sangma and Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, but they did not listen.
Places to visit will be Mawsynram, Sohra and others.
The union urges the government to expedite the appointment of staff in the office, so that the work can go smoothly and without delay.
Conrad Sangma said the MDA government under his leadership has tried hard to talk to the central government on the ban on coal mining and coal transportation and has acted according to the needs and rules regarding coal mining.
“I am grateful and honored to these men who have taken the decision to vote for the Congress party.
The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District has recently imposed Section 144 CrPC on the issue of not wearing masks by the public. , 195 CrPC/269 IPC and will be fined up to T.1000 or imprisoned for up to 6 months.
However, at that step, Riia did not come out.
He said that the Governor has already set up a peace committee and the committee will soon take the necessary measures to restore peace and order in the state. in the state of Manipur.
In a statement, the Additional SP of East Jaintia Hills, Bah Banraplang Jyrwa, said that at about 11 pm today, police received a tip that a drug dealer was on the road to Shillong is located in Silchar, Assam.
Shillong: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA together with members of the MCIC, 19 South Shillong Constituency, today distributed food items to those families who have been quarantined inside the Micro Containment Area. Rilbong, Goenka Compound (Anjalee) and Jhalupara, Shillong.
“The party has not joined any party,” said Vice President SB Nongdhar.
The VPP has demanded to amend the Reservation Policy and accept the Roster System because it says that the problem lies in the Reservation Policy and not in the Roster System.
In a statement, President Reynold Dkhar said that at present, the police station is used only in three small rooms of the Village Employment Council (VEC) of Umsohlait.
She recalled that the Constitution has already laid down clear rules on how and to what extent the media can work in accordance with their rights.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 14: Speaking at a public meeting of the NPP Mawhati Constituency today, Bah Shemphang Lyngdoh, candidate of the NPP Mawhati Constituency, said that the Mawhati Constituency still needs many development works. Bah Dasakhiat Lamare as MLA of Mawhati.
The Pre-bid meeting will be held in the office of the Director, Urban Affairs Raitong Building, Secretariat Hills, Shillong-793001.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday paid his last respects to former Symbud Chief Minister, Bah Standlington David Khongwir, at his residence in Mawlai Nonglum opposite Weiking Square. .
The 18 sports to be held at 13 venues include archery, athletics, badminton, basketball, boxing, football, judo, karate, shooting, swimming, table tennis, taekwondo, tennis, wushu, cycling, golf weightlifting and wrestling. .
“The children chased the bird, but it climbed and sat on the roof of the church”.
He said this will create anger among the youth who are in the middle of the night and who will fight against the government by any means.
He said that the release of funds by the central government has increased the burden of the education department.
Ex.Rev.Langrin (Acts 11:9) Dear Bible readers, I believe you have read these words written in Acts chapter 11 verse
Another letter sent to the Chief Minister demanded that the state government should remove all political appointees or leaders of political parties and candidates who lost the election from the post of Chairman, Co-chairman. , Vice Chairman and others appointed by the government in Boards, Commissions, Corporations and other departments by saying that this is just a waste of public money on non-profit activities. The people of the state are also responsible.
Umiam received 41.6mm today while 21.8mm today.
There is a saying that money speaks to people and this time, it seems that it has come true and that is Kanye West, the world's biggest music star, who has the wealth. , which is about $6.6 billion.
The Seng also discussed the problem faced by the drivers and owners regarding the fine of commercial vehicles which have expired permits and to allow them again until the end of
This method of inheritance from the man or from the mother has its advantages and disadvantages on both sides.
Chynrem, along with many other neighboring villages, fell under the Raid Mukertila and even today, the Khasi villagers still recognize their Sordar, although they was in another country.
The Government will spend up to Rs 100 crore per annum to implement this mission.
On Saturday, 3.46 lakh cases were reported.
This comes two months after the Supreme Court allowed those who have Indian citizenship to submit their documents.
While welcoming and honoring the new SDO of the Civil Sub-division, these officials presented gifts and awarded him with a jaiñ ryndia, which was also part of the encouragement to the SDO. SDO to continue to work well for the villages in the area and for the benefit of the people in the area as a whole.
Furthermore, after the shooting, in the middle of Tuesday night, the troops saw several people trying to cross the Bangladesh-India border. Four of them fled the scene and found only one person with a jain iong in front of him. He was Janking Marak, a coal trader. They have received information from him that he has been abducted by the GNLA for failing to pay the money demanded.
The party is now preparing to hold the election for the President Rangbah in the state as according to the party's constitution, if more than 50% of the leaders from the Mandals and Districts can be elected, the party will have to hold elections. The election of the President Rangbah shall be held every three years.
The suspect was first arrested by members of the KSU Balat-Dangar Area Unit at Balat Market after noticing his behavior and manner of coming to the doctor's office at Balat Market.
Earlier, Pastor NS Phawa said that until now, according to him, the Aadhar number has nothing to do with the number
How much more if the same organization and other organizations like it continue to harass those oil tankers who come to smuggle oil into the petroleum. Depot, near Umiam.
The BJP has also alleged that the government's failure to do anything to check the price of dewbilat is because people in the government have links with these companies who want to cheat the people. the road is not right.
The Government of India has agreed with Israel to send workers to the country and for this reason, the registration was held in Rhtak, where there are many workers from Punjab, Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan and Haryana.
Refusing to criticize the continued opposition of the Sengbhalang to the railway line, he said that due to fear of infiltration by the authorities, the Government has already passed an official resolution requesting the Central Government to implementation of Inner Line Permit (ILP) in Meghalaya.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 19: The Thupthup Valley on the Rwiang River falls within the boundary of Mawsiangbah Village, about 5 kilometers from the National Highway 44 (E). very, very.
“Although the struggle has not yet led us to victory, the Union says that it will not rest and will continue to fight with the firm hope that the power of the city will come from you the Dorbar Shnongs and you the people of Bri Hynniew Trep” concluded the statement by Bah R.L Blah.
Here too, you don't have anything to do with that method of raising the score.
The Deputy Commissioner has issued an order and if anyone is found to be in violation, they will be punished according to the law.
Alejandro Balde and Jules Koundé of Barcelona scored goals against Espanyol, bringing the team to 27 trophies with five. Real Madrid are the best players in the world.
They said that the Chief Minister has sent them to meet the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to seek clarification on this issue. In Meghalaya, they have the right to obtain a Sanad to become Rangbah Shnong in the villages of Raid Marwet which are inhabited only by the Garo people.
The Tuber Kmaishnong Social Cultural and Sports Club (TUF) on Monday started the 25th Interdong Football Tournament as part of the celebration of the Silver Jubilee.
Demthring have reached the semi final of the Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
The Supreme Court has also directed the High Courts to set up independent tabs on their websites to provide information from the districts on the year of complaint, the number of pending cases and reports.
Since 2015, the Department of Textiles has suspended the recruitment and examinations.
He said that as of now, three candidates from three constituencies have been announced and the party is inviting more applications if there are still those who want to contest the MDC election from the party. party UDP and the deadline for applications is 23/2/2
There was also a prayer for peace in Manipur.
Reuters, the largest news agency, sought the information after India claimed that its bombers had bombed and destroyed the militant camps and and many of them were slain in the city.
However, we would like to ask who has visited those 88 lakh trees planted in the last five years? Of these 88 lakh, how many died and how many survived? It is useless to plant tree trunks if they cannot be cared for.
It was produced by W. Kharpran and was attended by the Khasi tyngshop, W. Kharpran and the puron, Medahun Basaiamoit.
The Minister explained that the use of the smart meter will be to prevent losses to the electricity department.
Skhemlang Suba of Ri Bhoi and Glorify Kurbah of East Khasi Hills have won the title of Best Athlete.
Does the amount of sugar in the body have anything to do with the risk of diabetes? Foods that protect against this disease.
At the same time, the HNLC said that while the peace talks are ongoing, the people can contribute to the party in the form of donations.
Therefore, as a nation, we must no longer accept the discrimination of foreigners who want to discriminate among us as a nation.
How to know if you don't know who you are if you have covid.
Dr RB Dympep, Secretary of the Balang U Blei in Qualapatty, told reporters that there are many books and hymn books inside the church, but at present they cannot say whether they have been destroyed or not. He said that the house is still under police investigation, but he said that the plants have been destroyed and yesterday, at the place of worship in the ground floor of the church, people had to gather. I'm going to plastic.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Sparli Syngkli, Working President of UHM Nongpoh Circle, said, “The UHM Nongpoh Circle is sorry to see that these foreigners are escaping from time to time”.
“Until now, some people have come to me but I don't want to reveal my name but I will tell you that some people want to apply for tickets,” he said.
Jesus has come to a point where he will not be able to play well if he continues to stay with City, as City have signed new players, including Erling. Haaland and Julian Alvarez.
Swarjeet Das (1/5) took the wicket of Veer Pratap Singh for 50 runs in the first over through lbw.
Therefore, this Shad Suk Mynsiem which we have seen together will remind us that we have worn the customs and traditions of our own people.
He said that even though the Hima Mylliem has the Mylliem Syiemship Act 2007, the fact is that the rules are still being issued by the Hima authorities only after the Dorbar Shnongs in the Bri Hynniewtrep have been approved. you are the tyrnem of the Court.
He demanded that all festivals scheduled to be held in the state should be canceled as a sign of regret over the incident and demanded that the governments of Meghalaya and Assam should provide financial assistance to the families of the victims. to all those who lost their lives and also to those who were injured.
Mawthawtieng: Mawthawtieng village, which falls under the Laitkroh-12 Community and Rural Development District, is a village which faces many problems and one of them is the shortage of water during the rainy season.
He also questioned the government's failure to include the MLA of the constituency in the High Level Committee, saying that there may be something behind it.
On the other hand, Bah Shangpliang encouraged the farmers to cultivate this plant, so that it will be of benefit to the farmers.
He said that the money which has not yet received from the central government has been paid by the state government from the State Corpus Fund.
Samridhya Das, a student of Sherwood School, Tura, has been the first to reach the top 20 in the results of the Secondary School Leaving Certificate Top 20 announced by the Meghalaya Board of School Education on the 26th. January, 2023.
enjoy.
Nongstoiñ, June 12: The Meghalaya government has planned to supply electricity through the RGVVY scheme funded by the central government to three villages in the Langpih area including Mawdiangsnam, Umyiap and First, it has been suspended since its implementation.
Nagaland were bowled out in 18.4 overs by PM Santhosh and Abhishek Kumar.
Because you may have a hand with the District Administration.
It is learned that there were five rawon who were arrested in the area.
Mukhla FC scored the first goal through Timmy Ryngkhlem in the 9th minute while 7 Wasa FC scored the first goal in the 9th minute. through the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
In the church, too, there was a lot of discrimination.
So far, 227 people have been killed in the fighting, including 215 Palestinians, 100 women and children and 12 Israelis. including 2 children.
He said further that he who was to come “was despised and rejected of men: a man of sorrows, and acquainted with grief.
In the procession, which was attended by thousands of people, it was seen that it is a memorable story in the land of Hynniewtrep as there has never been such a massive protest by the people. They came together with one voice to condemn the state government.
Shillong, November 23: Ka KSU Mawlai Nonglum Unit on Saturday donated Godrej boxes, 30 blankets and four doormats to a children's shelter in the village. Nonglum as part of the celebration of Christmas.
Another reason is that it is difficult to explain how close the relationship is between them when you don't see it with your own eyes,” said Hiram's mother.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today took oath as an MLA of the Legislative Assembly.
Replying to a supplementary question, the Chief Minister said that there are 10 weighbridges recognized by the government in the Transport Department, one operated by the department, while the others belong to the people. individual.
The order stipulates that shops in these areas should open according to the numbers given to each shop from 1 to 6 and shops can open from 8 am to 8 pm.
This has shocked the family members because it does not agree with the story of her husband who claimed that his wife took her own life by hanging herself.
In 2018, the Government of Meghalaya has declared 22nd July as Thomas Jones Day where the Districts of Khasi, Jaintia and Ribhoi Districts will have a Special Holiday every year. a sign of remembrance of the works of this great man.
He said that the total number of Jugalis who have been employed is 772 but out of these the government has appointed only 306 in the first phase and has promised to appoint the remaining 466 in the second phase. and third which means 233 in the second part and 233 in the third part, “However, the deadline for their appointment will expire only within the 2nd of July, they are afraid that they will lose their kam" he said again.
There are 3512 Polling Stations, including 326 in urban areas and 3186 in rural areas.
The arrest of these persons was made after a surveillance operation was conducted on these persons.
The Seng said that the government will say that in the notification it is written that the Kashari District Councils will continue to function in accordance with para 4 & para 5 of the Sixth Schedule.
Astronomers said they started seeing the celestial body last month and said that even if it enters the orbit of the Earth, it will not Therefore, there is no need to protect the Earth from the damage caused by this asteroid.
He completed his B.Com and is one of the oldest leaders of the BJP. He was also the General Secretary of the BJP in Bihar.
However, these trainings have helped me to recognize my own abilities and I feel that I have become more courageous than I used to be.
Shillong: Jowai Police have seized 1168.18 kilos of kanja worth ₹3.5 crore at Mookyndur this morning. I'm going to Guwahati.
Although the elders never told us anything about it, it is one of the most amazing signs on this rock.
Jowai, Naitung 25: The Elaka Dorbar of Raliang Elaka, which was held on the 24th at the Dorbar Hall of Raliang Village, has unanimously decided to preserve the environment and bring peace. residence in the Elaka in the coming days.
Many serious diseases that can be painful, even deadly, such as tuberculosis, TB, diphtheria, measles, polio, tetanus and others, can be prevented by vaccination. vaccine.
“The presence of police outposts along the National Highway from East Jaintia Hills, West Jaintia Hills, East Khasi Hills and Ribhoi Districts is a disease in our journey.
Preparations for the program are still in full swing.
We remember that when he was Chief Minister, U (L) PA Sangma used to say through the media, “Give the Government land and we will give you roads”.
They were traveling by bus ML08 C 9431 to Rajasimla from Kherapara village in West Garo Hills for a church service when the bus collided with a tree at 4.30 am. question.
The ARPA, which has 16 MDCs, had earlier met the Governor of Meghalaya, Keshari Nath Trpathy to show their support and strongly oppose the decision of the state government to appoint administrator rule in KHADC. After the resignation of CEM, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, there is no need to convene a special session to elect the new leader of the Council.
In this cartoon you learn that a man has lost a beautiful Golden Retriever.
Garo Hills has improved significantly in the registration despite the difficulties faced by the people to queue due to the heat wave and power outages.
To expedite the search for the serial number of voters on the Electoral Roll, Voter Information slips should be submitted five (5) days prior to the polling day by the Office of the Voter. the District Election Officer.
Rev Moore, who works as pastor of the Seamen's Chapel in Glasgow, visited this young man who was seriously ill in hospital and after this encounter he composed this song in
Shillong, Nailar 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma today launched the Mission Green-Youth for Energy Conservation on the occasion of Rajiv Gandhi's Akshay Urja Diwas on the 69th birth anniversary of the Prime Minister. Rajiv Gandhi on Tuesday at a meeting of the Ministry of Energy (MNREDA) at Soso Tham Auditorium.
It is exactly like you give fertile soil to nurture a plant.
Speaking as the chief guest, Kong D.Phawa, expressed her happiness to see the increase in cleanliness in the district and this is also because the residents in these days understood the value of self-sacrifice.
The DSO, South West Khasi Hills District has informed that those who wish to participate in this competition should submit their names on or before the 11th of July, long tray.
Morality is the most precious gift given by the Creator to us human beings. Through the possession of morality we know the blood of the mother and the light.
Bah Shadap said that as a group, we have helped and taken care of the teachers who have been dismissed without cause and whose salaries have been cut excessively. principals of various schools to find out about the teachers of the schools.
Lakhs of cows have died in Haryana, birds have died in Himachal Pradesh and hundreds of cows have died in Madhya Pradesh.
“As it has been in the past 30-40 years, where there has been no information from the government to government employees to hold the post of Rangbah Shnong, we want to be the same as it used to be,” he said. Bah RL Blah, Secretary SNSBH, said that regarding the 12 issues requested by the Ministry of Home Affairs, the VAB of KHADC has been handed over to the lawyers for study and after this. They will meet with the SNSBH leadership to take the necessary action.
Let us now look at and appreciate the prayers, songs and speeches on this day of the dorbar bah of the jaitbynriew convened by the CoHSO. pray with a prayer that does not match the prayer of our nation.
On the other hand, the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, promised that it is the duty of every government to protect the human rights of the people of India.
The party has warned the Nepalis not to attack the Hynniewtrep children otherwise there will be bloodshed between the Hynniewtrep and the Nepalis.
Nangbah SA, on the other hand, turned the match into a draw after 9 minutes and scored another goal.
It may be recalled that these Jaintia scripts were approved by the JHADC in the Legislative Assembly on 25th October
The celebration of this day was part of the explanation of the treatment methods of Physiotherapists to the public which is one of the ways to bring closer the patients in the community.
“Because it is very important, various departments and the State Government are still busy with this work and we are confident that we will be able to complete it soon,” he added.
From this pool of Jait, the whole Raj gave its Jait to its mother.
Shillong, Jymmang : The SRT at its Annual General Meeting held on the 3rd of this month at Pinemount Ridge, Shillong, expressed its concern over the in relation to violence and abuse against children.
The students also locked down his office room.
The MAA would like to thank the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs of the State Government, Meghalayan Age Limited for their assistance. This was announced by MAA General Secretary Brian D Kharpran.
The TMC candidate from North Shillong also criticized Amit Shah for looting the money of the people of Meghalaya by asking where all the money of Meghalaya has gone.
R.Home.
“You will know the good news when we inform you,” said Bah Gavin Mylliem.
Champak Kalita, spokesperson of the AIUDF, expressed his surprise that the woman, who lodged a complaint with the police, would later withdraw the complaint against Kalita. he demands that Gohan come forward and explain his relationship with the prostitute.
Now let's look at the anthem I composed in
“We have sent all the documents back to the DCs for further investigation and one seat of one student has been removed,” she said.
Verse 7 tells us that by the resurrection of those who sinned, Satan was again able to deceive the nations around the world (3) the coming down of the Holy City or New Jerusalem or heaven.
Other office bearers are Mr. Glenbert Khongwir, Mr. Lambok Thangkhiew.
When asked about the demand of the Nongmawlai people to dismiss the police chiefs, Cherister Field Thangkiew said that the government cannot accept this demand. , because it will have to allow the Judicial Inquiry to investigate and then it will be able to take a decision on the matter.
P Kharkongor.
When the HYC members visited the area and met with the shopkeepers, they found that the area is dangerous for the shopkeepers. and other shops along the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi.
“Of course, we will try to select candidates from all the states of the region.
Because of the excessive exploitation of school principals, the world is filled with trouble from parents or teachers.
On Sunday, March 5, 2023, the Church requests not to overcrowd in vehicles as it will affect the narrowness of the road and to avoid you are a tragedy.
“If they are with the people of the North East, they should not be with the BJP but they are with the BJP even after the Bill is passed in the Lok Sabha,” he said.
Lanosha replied, “How come you don't come to my house.
These households include the households of Milang Khyriem and Planti Pohlong in Pdengshakap village.
The truck was owned by Babul Kumar Chowdhary of Bihar.
They also said that the man had tried to commit suicide twice.
"We don't want this to happen again," he added.
He said that on the 29th of March, a general meeting of the Primary Unit was held to decide on the candidate to be given the ticket. he said that it shall be in the hands of the people.
He also questioned the BJP's promise to deposit T.15 lakh in every bank in the country.
“He added that Bah Teibor is the right person to lead the Mawlai Constituency, but the struggle should not be slow, it should work hard by producing all the news of the cities.
The candidate was accompanied by party leaders and supporters.
NESO leaders have left for Delhi to appeal against the implementation of the Citizenship (Amendment) Rules, 2024 and requested the court to immediately suspend the rule issued by the Government. India.
Police are conducting investigation to find out the cause of the incident.
Those who still have the right to perform this Raid, as traditionally traditional, are the San Kur and Khadwei Kur.
The union led by Sarphosly Rongrin Education Secretary, Stelius Rongrin and accompanied by Ulysis Ryntong General Secretary and others, visited the school and found many shortcomings. related to the school.
In the struggle against the 13 languages, I am clever and clever to fight against those who are fortunate enough to learn English when I don't speak my own language.
It cannot be in the rainy season nor can it be in the dry season; unless we get winter wheats that can withstand the winter wheat like this one from Balipara.
One of these groups has a hand in sand manufacturing.
After 2017, it was reported that the number of AOG members has increased from thousands to millions who have also taken the best measures for the development of society.
Bajop Pyngrope said that Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency is one of the constituencies which is lagging behind in development works, especially in roads and highways.
Lapang said this after opening a meeting at the party office today.
Sometimes his fellow Indians accused him of being stupid because he read endlessly.
The meeting will be held at the Soso Tham Auditorium and will be organized by the Bar Association of India (BAI) and the Shillong High Court Bar Association.
God, the Father in heaven, has placed the greatest trust in His Son, Jesus.
Chakladar started his football career with United Sporting Club in Kolkata before joining Mohammedan Sporting, where he made two Second Division I-League appearances. in the 2017-18 season.
Shillong: U Vice President Jagdeep Dhankar today said that the Uniform Civil Code will better unite India and patriotism. UCC) will affect our traditional beliefs.
When I read the article by the VPP Leader – Dr. Batskhem Myrboh – in the newspaper of July 2, 2023, it was clear that the recruitment rate according to the Population Structure has been biased towards the Garo people. there is only about 30%, while the share of employment has increased to 40%.
On Friday, Bah Eldie said that the political parties have intensified their protest to demand ILP in the state.
Congress President Rahul Gandhi has offered to step down as the party's top leader after the party's sharp decline in his leadership and subsequent defeat. I was born in Amethi, Uttar Pradesh.
Turkey's Merih Demiral scored the first goal, followed by goals from Ciro Immobile and Lorenzo Insigne in Group A. .Shillong: U Bah Herloom Kharkongor, 76, of Jellyshop Nongthymmai Sumar, Shillong, on Tuesday died of covid-19 in Shillong on Tuesday. Rajendra Sharma, 65, of Keating Road, Police Bazar Sumar, Supercare Hospital, Shillong, died on 09-06-2 11-06-2021Cause of Death: Covid-19 Pneumonia with co-morbiditiesU Mawkordor Bryan Dkhar, 31 of Lower LachumiereSumar died at Supercare Hospital Shillong on 31-06-2021Cause of Death: Covid-1 co-morbiditiesBimla Lakiang, 43, of Panaliar, Woodland WK Hospital, Sabah died on 10-06-2 Bioslin Marbaniang, 35, of Dharom-Ichamati, died at home on 10-06-2021Riewlang M Syiem, 52 M Syiem Drosly Roy Nongshli, 69, of Umsning Patarim Hospital died on 17-05-2021. He died on 10-06-2 Jimmy Carter N. Sangma, 40, of Shyamnagar, Phulbari was taken to Tikrikilla PHC and died on 10-06-2 19 Positive.
In the final between Meghalaya and Hyderabad, the MCA has placed its trust in the same squad of 15 players who will start the first day of the tournament from this morning.
The asteroid is expected to hit Earth on March 7, 2020 and is expected to be larger than a Boeing 747 aircraft.
“So any group that produces any products can get this support and the purpose of doing this should be to give support to groups and individuals.
After receiving the letter from the Central Government to release the funds, the Minister of Education Rakkam A Sangma said that the Government will try to speed up the work so that the students can get the funds. scholarship money in the coming month.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Ferdinand Basaiawmoit.
Bruna A Sangma, Deputy Commandant of 4th MLP Bn, Sohpian, Nongstoin has been transferred and appointed as Superintendent of Police, Williamnagar and Lethindra G. Momin, Deputy Commandant of 3rd MLP Bn Sahbsein. transferred and appointed as Superintendent of Police (EOW) Shillong.
Hema Malini celebrates her 75th birthday today, March 16, 2023 with a grand party attended by many famous film stars Salman Khan, Vidya Balan, Esha Deol, Sonu Nigam, Ayushmann Khurrana, Jackie Shroff, Anupam Kher and Padmini Kolhapur, among many others.
These projects have been inaugurated and the implementation has been very successful and has brought great benefits to the people living in these villages. development projects, but the biggest benefit for them is that they can go to work during the implementation of these projects.
NEHU has also been severely affected, but by ranking 15th in the IIRF Ranking, NEHU has strengthened its position as a leading university in the country,” said the Vice Chancellor.
The earthquake measured 4.6 on the Richter scale.
An annual check-up for those over 40 years of age helps to detect the disease early.
Such incidents have happened many times in Jaiaw and have caused disruption in the working of the Dorbar Shnong.
Russian Dadashev underwent emergency surgery for a brain injury after being defeated in the 11th round of the IBF light welterweight title fight in Maryland.
The purpose of this fair is to raise awareness on the importance of eating healthy foods, vitamins for good health and also to raise awareness on the importance of hygiene, drinking water supply and other issues. for the sake of health and well-being.
Pentecost was also the day of sacrifice for the completion of the harvest.
“However, to bring the railway line to Shillong, it requires the support and cooperation of the people, and the Meghalaya government, without its support, how can we proceed to implement, we cannot bring it to Shillong,” he said. Gohain.
The Tripura Plot is a plot to settle Bangladeshis in India as they did in Tripura.
In the men's category, the state running team led by Krestarjune Pathaw, Knerlang Phawaborlang Nongspung and David Dkhar won the bronze medal.
It is believed that the number of deaths has decreased in Britain.
As noted in Kraemer (2002), Schlesinger says “in fact the Holocaust should not have much impact on the faith of the believer, because evil has always existed.
One case is from West Jaintia Hills, South Garo Hills and Ri Bhoi District.
He also spoke on the problems faced by the education department in the state.
According to the Secretary of Pyrdiwah Village, Teibor Khongmuid, the incident happened at 4:30 pm at Wah Paskham while a Maruti Alto was coming from Dawki area. these students.
They also said that the JSU is a strong and trustworthy organization from the people of Jaintia Hills since ancient times and they are fortunate to have the opportunity to join the JSU to give the righteous service to the community through this organization.
Speaking to reporters, Sampath Kumar said that these people who returned from the United Kingdom tested negative for Covid-19 and are currently under quarantine.
“The government has created the mechanisms to guide the members of the rebel groups to come forward and take the measures that the government has provided for them according to their skills and interests,” he said. Dr Sangma.
Fire and emergency personnel immediately left the office to provide assistance, but as soon as they left the office they found stones blocking the road and had to move the stones to allow vehicles to pass.
Sailung beat Lutituber 5-4 in the tie breaker.
He was arrested in Borsora, South West Khasi Hills District.
At the beginning of the session, the Deputy Chairman of KHADC, Bah Gabriel Wahlang, announced in the House that Bah Mansturdy has won the seat unopposed and after that it was handed over to Bah Man. after which the MDCs were invited to deliver their congratulatory speeches to the newly elected Lamphang.
Balajied Khynriem and Perterson Lamare scored three points for the team.
When protesting on issues, it doesn't mean that other ethnic groups will be the victims but the surprising thing is that even the issues that the civil society takes end up turning into violence, killing, burning houses and so on. and to other nations.
The MLA, who is also the Minister of State, said that the next project will be bigger and will include the village area near the market which will benefit the people from the residents. market and those who come to this market.
MMSA President Dr Y.Phira in a letter said, “We have decided to urge you to appoint an inquiry against the Registrar and Director of IIPH, Shillong Campus as soon as possible. not the DHS (MI) in the media, who has fulfilled his duties as directed and punished.
The Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities recognizes, encourages and promotes the use of sign language in many areas.
In 1897, Meghalaya suffered severe damage after an earthquake measuring 8.7 magnitude.
Mawkyrwat, July 02: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Pyndensakwang Unit today held a program to honor the students and staff in various fields. “Maitshaphrang Awards” at Pyndensakwang Village, South West Khasi Hills District.
Even after 60 hours, the State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) under the leadership of 2nd in Command Bah B. Sahkhar has rushed to Marten to search for Bah Marshall in collaboration with the Shillong Municipal Board. , but until now they have not found the body of Bah Marshall Marweiñ who was buried alive in the collapse of the garbage dump in Marten.
Gaurav Gogoi, MP from the Indian National Congress (INC), said that if the Congress comes to power, Vincent H Pala will become the Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
Post Name:- Assistant Teacher (Civics)No of posts:- 1Department:- Shillong Public School, Shillong.
Therefore, those who suspect that they have these symptoms should immediately send for testing for proper treatment,” he added.
“It is through the understanding with the elders of the village that I have decided to distribute the foodgrains to all the households who have faced this problem. You are still busy building and repairing your broken houses so you don't have time to go to work so the food is precious to you and this is a small gift but believe me God will bless you “It's also a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Nongrang.
Wanlamsuk Nongkhlaw scored the second goal for Rangdajied United in the 34th minute and Damehun Syih scored the second goal for Rangdajied United. In the 60th minute of the second half, Rangdajied FC proved their strength in front of billions of fans who came to witness the match of the third season of the MSL (Group-B). ).
To say that the State of Meghalaya, which has no borders, is enough for those patriotic proclaimers of today, as someone said, “the word is said and the matter is seen”.
Help to deliver rice, sugar, flour, dai, jhur, fish, oil...help us to deliver to our village so that we don't die of hunger.
The resignation of the MLAs has brought about a stir and a threat to the future of Khaddar rule in Khasi Jaintia.
Besides this, the government has also released free rice through the Prime Minister Garib Kalyan Anna Yojana (PMGKAY) at the rate of 5 kilos per head for the AAY and PHH card holders, for the month of June
Anyone who can and doesn't have the authority should conduct an awareness program ...which is part of the public because the drivers have been seen many times before.
Arun Kumar Singh, Chief Secretary of Bihar, has died today after testing positive for coronavirus.
Shillong: There have been 184 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today and 159 have recovered.
Inspired by Prime Minister Duh's call for Make in India, Indian scientists and engineers have developed nano urea (liquid), the first nano fertilizer to be made in India. country.
The written competition was held from 28th November 2021 to 3rd June, 2022 through the MyGov platform.
Shillong: The MDC Cup Knockout Football Tournament 2020, organized by the Laitryngew Youth Association, will start on 14th October 2020 at Laitryngew Stadium.
Many more articles on the border have been published in other newspapers – Khasi & English.
“I never thought they would do so much to my car for no reason.
The BKP leader said that the RTI did not reveal the name of the NPP employee when he demanded that the Chief Minister and the MP should take action against this misuse of money. If the people do so, the BJP will take the path of the law.
In both the programmes, the union, which has more than 6,000 registered domestic workers, has expressed three demands which have been demanded for 18 years but no one has listened to them. especially the government.
In fact, if it hadn't been for the off side, Malki would have won in the last minute.
The President fled with his wife, five members of his family and three employees.
Support Staff: Ranjana Yadav (head coach), Marty Mustafa (assistant coach), Helyna D Sangma (trainer), Lucky Mary Marbaniang (phy sio), Baiahun Mylliem ngap (manager).
The aim is to prevent the flow of sewage through the canals into the rivers in the city especially the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi rivers which have become excessively polluted due to the lack of care of the residents.
Is this the step taken by the Government to curb the spread of the disease?”.
The morning part of the program started in the auditorium with the singing of a Khasi song, followed by an opening speech by Swami Hitakamanandaji Maharaj, Secretary Ramakrishna Mission, Shillong. that if there is any force that unites very different lives, this is the unity between differences.
This behavior of the drivers who went to the synod service not only caused problems to those who came from the other side because when the vehicles went to the synod service, they also stopped.
The relatives of these children have lodged a complaint at the Rynjah Police Station yesterday.
After much thought, these elders and young men have decided to build a kut to be a protector, guardian, encourager, guide, encourager to the families who belong to the religion. He was born and raised in the humanity of the Khasi Khara.
The resolution should not request for ILP but that the Government of India should re-register the Khasi and Jaintia Hills and if it is the Garo Hills District as they have been since before the independence of India.
He also encouraged women to report such incidents of violence to the law enforcement authorities.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has launched the booster vaccination campaign for those who have already been vaccinated twice to prevent the spread of COVID-1 Laitumkhrah Health Department where the health officials have already distributed the booster vaccine.
Understand that the books are in them, the value whether for good or for bad.
“We are a small nation so we don't want to lose our brothers and sisters because of guns.
Speaking to Rupang, Ma Balius Swer, who has recently joined the BJP, said, “We as party workers, we rely on the wisdom of the President, who will give ticket”.
Many of these illegal factories have been closed down and the search for the owners is ongoing.
Conrad Sangma also discussed the release of funds from the central government to the GHADC, KHADC and JHADC and urged the Ministry of Home Affairs to take action on this issue.
Therefore, taking the first measures to protect and preserve animals and dogs is much better than punishing animal killers who do not know the income and loss. ; although there are a few who do not.
The training for Govt, SSA, Deficit, Adhoc teachers from East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills District will be held on the 29th of this month at the District Library Auditorium Mynthong Jowai at 10 am. .
“If Nehru's name had been forgotten, we would have corrected it, because he is the former Prime Minister of India.
However, on Friday, a group of women and others came out to protest against the Minister's speech regarding the demand of ACHIK and others to make Tura a city. capital of Meghalaya during the rainy season.
The biblical passage in this article is taken from Revelation 13:18 “Here is wisdom.
All other political parties have joined hands with the NPP-led MDA government and have been involved in the destructive rule in the past five years.
The General Council of the RBYF, besides the presence of Dr. DD Lapang, was also present in the presence of Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh and other leaders of the country. Fear.
“Entrepreneurs themselves become the masters of their own businesses and employers of others,” said Kong Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh.
Shillong, Nailar 07 : The Meghalaya Athletics Association (MAA) on Saturday celebrated the special day of the 6th Javelin Championships. is known as the 7th National Javelin Day.
On the other hand, the Sordar said that the toilet scheme from the BDO's office is a long-standing scheme and has been passed through the former Sordars who have implemented only the 1st installment. The 2nd installment has not been completed yet.
Most of these shops are selling vehicle parts and vehicle manufacturing and the FKJGP leaders have directed these shops and employees to provide the necessary documents, otherwise they will not be allowed. to do business in this state.
Shillong, March 25: The Minister of Taxation, James K Sangma on Tuesday said that the government is in the process of preparing a draft ordinance for the abolition of the by the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act, 2021.
This happened in Jewish history in the days of Ezra and Nehemiah and after the Jews returned from Babylon they went through a difficult time.
He said that during the dry season, the children should be given water twice a month especially the young children.
At the meeting convened by KHNAM, the name of the group of political parties opposed to the ILP has not yet been named, but it was known as the Joint Forum. Two or three days later, the name of the group will be named.
God does not speak of this earth but of the spiritual world.
Speaking to Rupang, one of the farmers of Ri-khasi Khongshei, said that if the government comes to appeal to the farmers, they can rain for up to 10 months to fill the Umiam River.
John 12:1-14.
Furthermore, another issue that is still lacking in the ADCs is Work Culture and Discipline.
Shillong, Lber, 28: The city of Shillong produces more than 196 tonnes of garbage per day, said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Urban Development, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar in reply to a question in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday. .
All Fair Price Shops (FPS) should implement ePOS devices and install signboards.
“I hope that this new road project which will improve the road from Markasa to Mawphanlur will be completed soon and before I came to this program we have already made arrangements to ensure. “The PWD department should have already called tenders for this road and through this road I am sure that people from all over the country will be able to visit Mawphanlur from time to time,” he said. u Prime Minister.
The BJP has said that it does not want Meghalaya to be ruled by the mafia and to become a state full of corruption, from District Councils, coal, electricity bill and now. the Central Bonded Warehouse, which will be the center of corruption.
Hardik Pandya took two wickets while Shardul Thakur and Kuldeep Yadav took 10 wickets each.
After the meeting, the Deputy Commissioner handed over the necessary documents to the caretaker of these children.
The winners of the AITC are Charles Pyngrope from Nongthymmai, Miani D Shira from Ampati, Rupa M Marak from Dadenggre and Dr Mizanur Rahman from Rajabala.
“In the past years we have not had a rule to be set by the relevant authorities and now we need to set these rules,” he said.
This public hearing should be conducted in a new way and all voices should be heard before a decision is taken on the company's plans.
Government alone, NGOs, village or hima leaders, private forest owners cannot achieve success in this regard alone.
Furthermore, the legends of the ancestors tell us that the Sutnga Hima was also known as the Shri Hatta (Shlhet) Hima which was located in the north of Jaintiapur, Bangladesh.
Speaking on the demand to make Tura Tlang, he said, “The Government's goal is to bring about development and the mini secretariat set up in Tura is a great achievement. assistance to the region, by strengthening the working groups in various Government departments to ensure that the rule of law is closer to the people.
“The Hima Mylliem is not the property of anyone but under the rule of the Khasi Khadar no one has been able to own the land and we see that the Hima has started to take property of itself. which sold land in Raid Marwet.
However, this time, the farmers of Tiehbah Nongstoiñ village have suffered a huge loss after the heavy rainfall this evening on the 16th of November. to carry away all the wheat that had been gathered in the field, and to throw away all the wheat that had been gathered in the field.
The Narendra Modi government on Tuesday introduced a bill to amend several provisions of the Constitution to allocate 33% of the constituencies in the Lok Sabha and Legislative Assemblies to them. female.
Only if the farmers have been deceived in any way related to their products, they can lodge a complaint with the Marketing Committee.
About 10 vehicles coming from the meeting place were blocked with heavy stones and some of the residents were stabbed with a knife. He went back to Sohkha to ask for help from the people.
Bah K.Dkhar criticized the authorities for not taking action and said that they have gone to talk to the Chief Engineer PWD along with the documents and photographs that they have taken of the road. , but so far no sign of relief has been seen.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and his Cabinet today met with the Union Minister in charge of Home Affairs, Amit Shah and explained in detail the incident. Seven precious souls have lost their lives in Mukroh, West Jaintia Hills on 22nd November
At the same time, she expressed her gratitude to the FKJGP of Sawsymper Circle for donating her a laptop and it has been a blessing because she can use it in many fields. it is with education in the days to come.
Tura, March 17: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) has launched its 50th Anniversary Celebration with various programs for three days from 17th to 19th March.
By doing so, we will be able to continue our studies in a proper, orderly and beneficial manner.
When you were a child 40 or 50 years ago, it was very different.
Saif and Kareena reportedly fell in love while shooting for Tashan in 2008 and got married in
Jesus said – “These things must happen.
However, in the past few months, it has been seen that the hospital has shown bad performance instead of good performance, which should set an example to other hospitals in the country. Shillong and the entire North East.
Additional Superintendent of Police (Samba) Surinder Choudhary told reporters, “We have received information about the presence of a song in a square of Rakh Barotiya in the border areas of Rakhpur. Vijaypur.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Thangkhiew congratulated the synjuk for taking the responsibility to organize this tournament and urged the young athletes who participated in this tournament not to must not lose heart.
Thus, the Dolloi Kongsan of Nartiang gathered all the Dolloi and at that meeting they agreed to appoint a Syiem over them to unite the Ri Khadar Dolloi.
Therefore, the Sengkhihlang wishes all the children of the Seiñ Raij Tuber, to celebrate Behdeiñkhlam which started on 14/07/2023 and will end on 17/07/2023 at the Aitnar of the Seiñ Raij Tuber. .
Therefore, the UDP's delay in announcing its candidate from Pynursla is behind the intention of the UDP. Therefore, the people want Bah Edmund Khongngai to apply for ticket from the NPP Party so that the people who trust him will They will be able to strengthen the party in this constituency.
Speaking to the crowd, Bah Ardent said that he will not leave his seat and will wait for the decision of the discussion tomorrow on 31st June whether the government is ready to discuss the Reservation Policy or not.
She thought alone about the life she would have to experience when that man who was not as beautiful as she had seen in her mother's shop came to live.
Iyer has also been selected for the country's ODIs squad for the three-match series against Australia, but had to withdraw before the start of the tournament. -walk the group in the lympung.
On Sunday, Gujarat reported its first death from the H3N2 virus.
The meeting is scheduled to be held at 3 pm.
Avoid drinking any alcoholic beverages, because I have found many women drinking at parties and many people saying that beer alone doesn't work, but it leads to destruction.
Although the containment order has been lifted in the village, the total curfew has not been released in the district.
He also alleged that the MDA government is one of the weakest governments in maintaining peace and order in the state.
The State Government has recently decided to find ways and means to build a railway line in parts of East Jaintia Hills District but this has caused strong opposition from various groups in the district. region.
However, if we are in the countryside, especially in the mountains like our Khasi Hills, wherever we go we find the land, the hills, the valleys, the plants and the forests and we also find the rivers. , waterfalls, lakes.
“To kong, don't be sad, the time will come when he will be released,” said the older church officer. “That's all I want and desire,” said the mother. church we are concerned about the growth and rapid development of such a dangerous drink in our society.
but it will also benefit the employment sector especially in the army and police”.
Other sources said that the three men were shot dead in another district, when armed groups burnt down their houses and the victims were defending their homes. their families.
FG Lister (Political Agent of Caossyah Hills) is not your husband.
Jowai, June 27: A sudden fire broke out between Borato and Maitdein villages today in which more than 300 men and women from Borato village with swords and guns came down. to Maitdein village to destroy the soh fields, diengkseh trees and also destroyed the fish pond besides robbing the pigs, cattle and the shyiap collected from the Myntang River.
“The news of the results is not given by the MBoSE because we have not announced when they will be released but as usual, we will try to release them within this month of June,” said ER Laloo.
In these times, the covid 19 pandemic has spread to our Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
Until now, all people except pregnant women should have been vaccinated against COVID-19. Now, this has been extended to pregnant women in this largest vaccination program in the world.
That means that there are two Jerusalems, one on earth and one in heaven.
Only those who spoke to this writer, complained that they have postponed the marriage ceremony for a long time and therefore, it is no longer possible to complete it.
The Israelites: The Exodus from their own land (an exile) and their return to it (the entry):-The first exile: The Bible tells and Jacob dwelt in the land wherein his father was a stranger, in the land of Canaan.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: U Rupang today explained the shape of the tree, the rynieng ryniot and the strange inscriptions on the stone at Lyngkyrdem, a village on the road to Pynursla.
Due to this lack of use, the students of the school have to continue to learn from the old and dilapidated classrooms, which are also affected by the rain and wind.
In the second innings, Metallica CC won by 7 wickets against XI Stars CC. XI Stars CC chose to bat first after winning the toss and elected to bat first. were tied for 137 runs before all 10 were dismissed in 19.4 overs.
“Is it for the benefit of the state or is it really for the benefit of the state? .
“If they come to the VPP just to get a ticket, I advise them not to come because it is not guaranteed that we will give you a ticket,” he said.
Let us recall the return of the Spanish Flu in
Many parents of various schools in the city came to take part in this meeting with the desire to express their experiences.
At this meeting, the council also approved to amend the Jaintia Hills First Amendment Rules,
Participants must have done well with their products and all farmers who will participate in the competition must submit their products by the 15th of this month from from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m., and the winners will be announced on November 16, 2022.
JOWAI: The Seiñraij of Mukhaialong, as usual every year, will hold the Shad Sukra 2019 on 11.5.2019 at 1 pm at the Shad Sukra Ground of the village.
In the second division, Sohiong beat Mawryngkneng 1-0
There are also many types of harrows, and the easiest to obtain or make yourself is that made of iron pegs fixed to a frame made of wood.
He said that electricity has become one of the most important necessities in everyday life.
Shillong: U Ma Dawan Lyngdoh, MDC of Mynsngat Khanduli Constituency, on Tuesday expressed his anger over the lack of knowledge of the law by the leaders of the Executive Committee of JHADC under the leadership of CEM T. Shiwat. The JHADC Jowai, where the leaders of the Executive Committee, have not followed the rules in the implementation of the Iawmusiang, after the NEC Govt.
THE LORD IS WITH YOU” Isaiah 46:9-1
Sangma acknowledged that the activities of the political parties especially in Garo Hills which operate up to West Khasi Hills are a threat to peace and order in the state.
The Government has directed the Deputy Commissioners and Sub-Divisional Officers to invite all members of the community from the Chief Executive Members, political parties and others to enrich the celebration. free day.
When we turn back to the Hindi language, we see that the 'pung' is called 'Jheel'
The truck was seized at Thangsalai village on the Shillong Bye Pass on the 2nd of this month.
According to the Superintendent of Police (SP) East Khasi Hills, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, the incident occurred at about 5:30 pm. Mizo Modern School in Nongrim Hills.
Referring to Para 3(1) (A), Bah Charles said that it is the District Council which owns the land within the powers and authority conferred by the Constitution of India.
Khliehtyrshi Sports Club scored 146 runs in 19.1 overs for the loss of five wickets.
The order said that any collection of funds across the district which has not been recognized by the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Shillong or other relevant authorities of the government shall be prohibited. long beer.
The Khasi Students Union (KSUJHDU) on Tuesday opened its new office at Namdong, West Jaintia Hills.
The program was conducted by the Director of the Institute.
Such an incident was found at the Mercy Home run by the Sisters of Charity of the Catholic Church where many Khasi elderly men and women have had to come to live in this area because of their children. Their hands cannot hold them and for many other reasons.
First of all, after seeing the departure and entry of MLAs of the Indian National Congress to the Trimapool Congress (TMC) through social and printed media, it has shocked and surprised many. leaders of political parties and especially the people of the state as a whole.
The shortage of LPG cylinders has also appeared in Ri Bhoi especially in Nongpoh where the residents have had to face a shortage of LPG cylinders for cooking. The LPG cylinder has been affected by the incident at Mukroh where the vehicles carrying these Tyndong lyer have refused to enter Meghalaya. The NH-6 road does not lead to Meghalaya.
Regarding the basic needs of the people of the area, Bah L.Marbaniang, while talking to this reporter, said that as of now, the Finance Department of the government which has In Rambrai, there is an urgent need to establish a Meghalaya Rural Bank, as each village in the area has the opportunity to implement the MNREGS scheme. The bills deposited into their accounts have to be withdrawn from the MRB treasury office in Rambrai.
“I feel that what is more important is the symbols in the Governor's speech and more importantly, is the discussion on how we will take decisions and discuss the issues of the State, I feel that we should discuss this in this Dorbar,” he said.
These drones, which weigh about 4.5 kilograms, can carry small objects weighing about 1.5 kilograms.
They also requested the government to force the central government to auction the 32 lakh tonnes of coal in the state rather than importing it from abroad.
All day long she stayed at home.
The Government's statement today to implement the Roster System is only misleading,” said Bah Passah.
He said the government will arrange to send tours one after another to groups of farmers to get advice and information.
There is also a tableau presentation by 4 government departments.
Shillong, March 30 : The State Government from November this year will release urea for the farmers with a subsidy of half price so that they can once again improve their agriculture. riang which has declined significantly since the implementation of pesticide-free farming.
The incident took place in Barmer, Rajasthan.
“We are against and we want to demand a Khasi State because everyone falls under the umbrella of the Khasi, whether they are Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Maram, Lyngngam and others. “If there is too much difference, we too are different and we will not treat ourselves like those Khasi, but we will call for unity and it will be better with the “Hynñiewtrep Land”. , which can unite a nation that is only one troh.
