Khliehriat, Jymmang 27: The Moolang Presbyterian Church, East Jaintia Hills District, which has only 153 households and includes 855 members, has been established within six months. u Blei, they are ready to welcome the Eastern Synod of Youth.
Our Prime Minister has done that, and our Chief Minister has done the same.
Umphyrnai Sports Club played against Challenger Football Academy in the first leg of the tournament.
It is also believed that this initiative will reduce traffic jam in Shillong.
On the other hand, the MLA, Bah Samlin Malngiang, said that when he was a child, he used to come to help his mother sell at the market.
In November last year, three coal miners lost their lives in an illegal coal mine in the same village (Ledo).
Let us try to understand the benefits that India will get through joining the Artemis Accords.
Mother Theresa once said, “Not all of us can do great things.
So I encourage you to watch these performances (in our restaurants or online)"
Lumshyiap SC scored the first goal in the 77th minute through Kalbest Pathaw before Dameshwa Nongneng scored the winner in the 79th minute.
This is not only in Khasi and Jaintia Hills but also in Garo Hills.
Jowai Nalur 30: Leaders and members of the Jaintia Students Movement (JSU) today came out to convey to Bah Lakmen Rymbui along with flags, pla cards and slogans as a reminder of the demand of the Government College. The JSM members' protest was held near Kiang Nagbah College in Jowai, after the Minister of State for Foreign Affairs (JSM) came to complete the works. related to this college in Jowai.
The 2nd NTPC National Ranking Archery Tournament (NRAT) 2023 – (Junior Category), was organized by the Archery Association of Meghalaya, at the SAI STC Training Centre. NEHU, has reached the end of the tournament on Tuesday with the awarding of medals to the winners of the tournament. .
Christmas Cards: The first Christmas card is said to have been invented by 16-year-old London artist William Egley in
The world shall not pass away, till all these things be fulfilled: heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away.
Shillong: The Cabinet meeting of the Assam government has decided to suspend the honoring of the Prime Minister (MR), including all the government ministers, in all programs of the Assam government.
This happened this morning at Trangblang village at about 3 pm.
Manipur won 88 gold, 75 silver and 77 bronze medals while Assam came second with 79 gold and 61 bronze medals. silver medals and 63 bronze medals.
These youths who have joined the HSPDP are not only youths but also those who are in various positions in the party. The party has also held an essay writing competition on Khasi Jaintia. State where many youths have taken part and all that remains now is to announce the winners.
After the government sent letters to the leaders of the Meghalaya SSA Schools Association (MSSASA), the teachers have decided to call off their indefinite strike from tonight.
The Government has also turned its attention to tourism and the Government will assist the organization to build hotels across the state, to strengthen the infrastructure up to T.100 crore has been allocated. .
In East Jaintia Hills, there is one case of ILI.
These people may be coal miners in Umrangso area of ​​Assam.
Even those who have enough income are worried about the lack of food and beverages in the shops.
He said that a policy is needed that all companies in the state should allocate about 60% of the jobs for the state residents.
Those who have failed more than 3 subjects above, should reappear in all subjects as Non-Regular candidates or Pvt.
One of the sources investigating in the United States said that recruitment documents revealed that some Pakistanis have close ties with the Taliban.
The victim was identified as Baisa Deb Verma.
The Executive Committee of the Mawlai Phudmuri Dorbar Shnong, the Mawlai Phudmuri Youth Wing and the Women's Wing have held an urgent meeting today at the Indoor Stadium to express their condolences. 2 minutes as a sign of love for this Rangbah.
She said that the people should not be afraid but should accept that this is a golden opportunity for the people of the area and the constituency to achieve change in development and in all aspects.
The union also said that according to the information received by the union, the posts of DSEO, SDSEO and Joint Director have been sent in charge to the Principal of the school. .
“I want to be clear that it wasn’t actually me who asked for the ticket.
The incident happened at a farm in Thadlamet, Namdong where heavy rainfall has caused flooding in the area and damaged up to 9-10 byrni of rice and damaged the unharvested rice.
He alleged that some AITC MLAs have sent ksiang to the NPP to express their willingness to join the NPP. According to him, the NPP has refused to accept. to him.
“In the past years, we have submitted a petition to the MDA 1 government to demand the abolition of the Personal Interview. “It has wasted the time of the officers and wasted the money of the people for the purpose of conducting this interview,” he said.
Demand for Grants- Dawa Bhahpisa is the allocation of funds allocated for the development of society whether it is from planned or non-planned government departments. ).
The soul is free when we are not enslaved to superstition, superstition or when we do not allow ourselves to be deceived.
Speaking to media, the Prime Minister said that in this regard, they have already brought it to the House and it has been explained by the Minister of Electricity, James. Sangma did not participate in the meeting.
“The BJP's target of winning 400 seats is only a call to the people of India,” Pala said, “We have 540 MPs. The BJP needs 362 to 370 members, for which they have announced
He said that the new CEM is also a close friend of his (without naming).
Hek said that the order issued by the Commissioner of Food Safety to ban the sale of fish should be lifted as soon as possible so that those who earn their living from the sale of fish will not be affected.
“It is only with our cooperation, we will be able to protect water sources for the benefit of future generations.
Food shops and other items selected by the Village Authority in different villages from wholesale to open on Tuesday and Friday from 9.00 AM to 4.00 PM and Retail shops on Wednesdays and Saturdays from 9.00 AM to 4.00 PM Courier services, e-Commerce operations relating to food items and essential items in accordance with government orders in addition to Common services centres .
Now mix them until they are well mixed and apply to the whole face.
That it is not possible to send all the teachers on duty but only a few of them from each school as it affects the education of the children especially as it takes months.
On this occasion 2021, many people from the Nongkhlaw Hima, various Sengbhalang and the government have paid tribute to Syiem Tirot Singh.
In Meghalaya, sports has been neglected due to the lack of adequate sports facilities, even those sports facilities or streets which are still standing and which still provide space for sportsmen to exercise. The Government also intends to demolish them and build an Administrative Bhavan.
Speaking to reporters, the RBYF Western Zone leaders said that the reason for their request to the government is because there are two places in the area. They include Nongwah Mawtamur and Bordwar.
The ribbon-cutting ceremony was inaugurated by the MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Process T Sawkmie as the chief guest. for the construction of the school, besides 1 lakh tyngka which he donated for the celebration.
Many deserving, candidates have been deprived their jobs by the existing policy.
However, there were other times when both teams managed to take the ball forward, but it was very difficult because of the way they played, especially when the attempts were too late to score. .
Many students have applied for admission at Kiang Nangbah Government Higher Secondary School and about 900 students who wanted to enter classes at this school have not been admitted.
“This village is the gateway for tourists before they enter the beautiful place of Sohra, the residents should take responsibility to take care of it,” said the Minister.
Among the injured, three of them were school children.
According to the census, the turnout in Shillong from 36 Assembly seats was 59.32% to 74.04% and in Tura from 24 Assembly seats it was 71.97% to 92.20%.
Some of the places that were opened to the public include the Iing Shnong and the shet built under the SUWP scheme, the park for children under the AMRUT scheme of the central government and the football ground. small and also a badminton and tennis court.
November 6, 2015: The Winter Queen 2015 (Second Edition) contest was held at Madan Jrisalein, Chutwakhu Jowai on Saturday night. Samila Pyngrope from Shillong has won the 50,000 tyngka cash prize as the Winter Queen
This degrades the Khadar system and affects the nation in terms of trade and others.
“It's not like I'm going to die.
SHILLONG: Bethany Society Shillong won the 3rd North East Blind Football Tournament 2019 by defeating North East Shower Blind FC 1-0 in the tie-breaker match.
“We have not said that this is a big problem as it was during the outbreak of Covid
Noting that the Government is the leader, he said that the Government alone cannot create the world or realize the goals, and therefore the cooperation of the society is needed.
And they took men, and didn't have any fear of their own kind.
“With the support of the MDA, I will bring about a much-needed closeness between the Central Government and the State Government,” he added.
It also contains phosphorus, magnesium, calcium, zinc and iron and is low in cholesterol.
He said that the cost of the preparations for the tournament has reached tens of lakhs of rupees, as at least 2 lakh people have come to witness the tournament as usual. year.
However, before the day he promised to complete the duties of the people in the office in Nonglang, he was dismissed.
He said that the air produced by these factories is very bad and affects the breathing especially of children.
Other sources said hundreds of shopkeepers in four markets in Imphal have continued their strike, which began on Saturday morning and they didn't want to go home.
Shillong: The Dorbar of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Mawkhar, has announced that the ceremony at Iewduh, Raid Mylliem, Mylliem Hima will be held on the 15th November, 2018, which is the market day and will start at 9 pm. diengkain (head of the market) until the work is completed, that is, in the marketplace.
However, this will affect and make the Congress happy.
The Kurdish Peshmerga are well known for their strong female soldiers and these women soldiers have been fighting against ISIS fighters in the city of Kobane and it is through them that they have been able to defeat ISIS fighters. ISIS soldiers are very happy if they are killed by female soldiers, because they believe that the killing of a woman, It is a great shame that they don't have the opportunity to live in Paradise in another life. Four young men have been involved in an accident in which 3 have died. One person was seriously injured when a local taxi (ML04-A-9678) collided with a truck (NL01-G-6757). 3 o'clock in the morning.
He said that this money will be distributed to all districts, NGOs and others who are qualified and able to fight against the spread of drugs in the state.
Shillong: The Government has not been able to release the remaining three months salary of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) teachers due to lack of funds. that the central government does not release the money for them.
If he had led the Seng Bhalang groups to Delhi, he would have been released.
On the part of the Deputy Commissioner of WJH, Arun Kumar Kembhavi, he praised the volunteer work of the man and his friends.
This kind of father should be removed immediately.
Angelus Sun (coach & judges).6.
Shillong, Nailar, 11: The leader of the Ka Sur ka Bri u Hynniewtrep, Bah Donbok Kharlyngdoh on Friday was summoned by the Mawlai Police Station on charges of spreading propaganda. announcement on social media requesting the people of Khasi and Jaintia Hills to raise the flag instead of the Indian flag.
It was also informed that since 1951, the Pnar people living in these areas have been persecuted in the Karbi forests and this has put them in danger and insecurity in their movement and work. that you rep you riang.
The monthly income of the corporation is between Rs 80 crore and Rs 110 crore, but it is surprising that the government has not been able to pay the salaries on time to its employees. “It has been decided to protest every month until the government releases the salary,” said Dkhar.
The BJP and the NPP, which are the main parties, are still in the midst of internal discussions on the issue, sources said.
Shillong: The Achik Indigenous Initiative Forum, one of the NGOs in Lum Garo Hills, has expressed its anger over the deterioration of the road constructed by German technology. The road from Mendipathar to Resubelpara has been completed for six months but has been destroyed.
The Headmaster of Panaliar, Ma Riquoma Rq. Speaking as the chief guest, Laloo said that the school has always appeared in the Lower Primary Scholarship examination.
In a complaint lodged with the Umiam PS, a Longkmie alleged that on the 5th of this month, the Dean forcibly invited her to enter a secluded room at the Guest House of CAU. When the Longkmie entered, he began to beat her and which caused the Longkmie to flee from the place.
Another hearing was held today between the Syiem of Nongspung, Paiem Patrick Syiemiong and the Secretary, Bah Michael Warjri. remove this too.
The Dorbar Shnong Shnongpdeng through its Executive Meeting held a separate meeting after it found that there is a fish farming in the Wah Umngot Shnongpdeng, in the “Twei Masiah” and “Twei Rijab” which is light.
Ed through NIOS and can no longer apply for teacher jobs.
In fact, the members of these two organizations, had held a flag raising ceremony to protest against the actions of the Assam police who killed people in Mukroh, However, it was found that many of the shops belonging to foreigners have been closed without anyone ordering them to close.
When asked whether he has any desire to expand his business, he said that what he wants is to have a shop to sell these products. the market and that it will be able to employ more young people.
Boro in room 120 (on the first floor) to take statements and witnesses regarding the incident.
Shillong: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Met Bah Lyngdoh, today convened a meeting of various departments involved in the construction of the new Legislative Assembly at Mawdiangdiang. .
The final match between the two teams is scheduled to be played on Saturday, March 7, 2023, at 2 pm.
These villages have also had a Rangbah Shnong recognized by the Deputy Commissioner of Cachar since
The manufacturers of the rules have tried to reduce the number of boxes in the boxes to 30 from 50, but they have not been able to sell at the same price.
Shillong, Nailar 01: U Bah Synshar Khymdeit, who was reported to have sent a letter demanding money in the name of the HNLC, today appeared in the media to clarify that he is not the one who sent the letter demanding money. “I am not the Synshar Khymdeit as signed in the demand letters in the name of the HNLC and who has also served as the Area Commander of the Seng,” said Bah Synshar. in an interview with reporters at Shillong Press Club.
The new office bearers of JNC Wapung Circle include President Kynmaw Phawa, Vice President Dister Dkhar, General Secretary Ebormi Dkhar, Asst Secretary Rakes Dkhar, Education Secretary Shlurmi. Dkhar, Sports Secretary, Ha-o sanki Phawa, Asst Sport Secretary, Ruson Ryngkhlem, Discipline Secretary, Lamphrang Dkhar, Agriculture Secretary, Unwanlang Dkhar, Environment Secretary, Abmilex Dkhar, Organizing Secretary, Chiel Ryngkhlem, Asst One hundred members were also elected and confirmed.
Earlier, Principal Secretary Education PK Srivastava said that freedom cannot be achieved without education.
As far as agriculture is concerned, experienced on-site consultants have already been announced who have helped to explain the relevant agricultural issues, ensuring that the agricultural team it has adopted all the benefit sectors and issues to increase income.
The number of street dogs has increased.
Yogesh Nagar (right) and Punit Bisht In this match, Bisht and Yogesh Nagar scored 154 runs, including 19 fours to save Meghalaya from the threat in the first innings.
They also urged the BSF to increase their vigilance so that there will be no such incidents which could cause panic among the residents of Shella Village and the entire area.
Ma Andrew Shullai moved a resolution on the budget of the council due to the lack of revenue sources and also due to the overcrowding of the council employees which has affected the budget of the council. haka is dangerous.
As soon as he arrived in Ri Khasi, he was first assigned to Shella, which was the new mission field at that time.
However, the Supreme Court's order to stop the demolition of coal factories is only for those in East Jaintia Hills.
Both the teams had to fight hard as the victory of Mawlai was not big as both the teams had a chance to qualify for the final.
The truth about this comes from poverty and according to the government's statistics, 66% of the population of the state lives below the poverty line.
The work and services of Mercy Home are known throughout the state and even abroad especially during the Christmas and New Year months as many groups including churches to civil society come to spend time. once a year with these loved ones.
On the other hand, Bah Metbah said that he feels that it is an honor for him that the MDA has elected him as a candidate for the upcoming dorbar synrai. this proposal was accepted.
Hek also met with the Minister of Tourism and DONER, Kishan Reddy at his office in Delhi to discuss the development of tourism including the tourist attractions. fish and also to promote tourism in the rural areas as well as to promote traditional medicine.
Within 1000 years there will be no Satan and no devil to deceive people here on earth.
“In talks with the officials, we have found that there are many shortcomings in this hospital,” said Bah Kurkalang after the meeting.
The Sohra MLA said that the reason for the failure of the MCCL is the lack of management in which he alleged that the entire factory was run by one person.
“There are so many valid questions we need to ask.
“This budget is a joint effort that can carry out the work without interruption” “This budget will support the development of India – for the youth. , the poor and the needy, the widows and the farmers.
Perhaps, some will argue that it is impossible and it is only the imagination of the writers.
This information was obtained from the department through the RTI Act.
Sohtun said that in the meeting with the Deputy Commissioner, the DC encouraged them to move forward and on his part as the DC, he will do whatever he can to help. What HANM should do is to pressure the government and we will do whatever is necessary.
He said that he used to sow three times a month.
Police said that on receiving information about the incident in Smit, the Magistrate and Police Chiefs from Shillong immediately rushed to the scene to quell the incident. Upon arrival at Smit, more than 2,000 people threw stones at the police and four policemen were seriously injured.
They also said that the village is facing problems not only in the road but also in the absence of electricity and also in the absence of communication through the powers of this age. mobile phone.
On the other hand, Bah Hamlet Dohling, said that the present government is struggling to complete all the pending projects, because it is the government that has that responsibility for the welfare and welfare of the people. He urged the people, village leaders and NTC office bearers to work together to bring about a clean environment.
Besides, Bah Bisharlang also gave group tasks to the teachers so that they can understand more about the children and the task they have taken on.
With the training of JHDS, the village now has 20 households who have cultivated this crop.
Choudhury (4) while Arbin Singh (0) and Kumar (0) both failed to score.
The HYC Maweit Circle, in concern for the plight of the people of Maweit, appeals to all the residents of Maweit area such as the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, Sengbhalang, Youth Associations, Women's Associations to The HYC Maweit Circle will lead the march as a sign of concern for the government's neglect of the Maweit area, said the statement.
In the first match which was played at 10.30 pm, Madanryting SC beat Sumit Academy 5-0
Meghalaya is not a northern state but a hill state but in writing it should not be called a hill state and it can be said that it is a whole state and for this reason, it still needs district council.
Archery, Athletics, Badminton, Basketball, Boxing, Billiards & Snooker, Judo, Karate, Shooting, Swimming, Table Tennis, Taekwando, Tennis, Wushu. .
(3) Meghalaya has the highest number of youth drug users, and in the year 2013-2016, 112 cases were registered under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act. which is not registered.
If the MDA leaders are still in glory, they should take responsibility and step down from the government,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Donkupar said that even the leader of the PDF (Bah Pynshngain N Syiem) has not been present yet. It is the Congress that has been suspended.
The office bearers elected on the occasion include Bah MG Kharshanlor as President, Bah D Kharshandi Vice-President, Bah MK Makdoh Secretary and other office bearers.
Tura, March 19: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the youth are the wealth of the state and the Government has taken steps to make proper use of their talents and skills. for the growth and development of the state.
Shillong: The Congress has alleged that the MDA government has no responsibility for the border issue after the incident at New Balakhawa, Ri-Bhoi. Prestone Tynsong.
After this, the Israelites will also celebrate the Day of Atonement.
There were no casualties in the incident. The blast damaged a tin and several doors in nearby houses.
Regarding the deterioration of the road, Ms Khonglah acknowledged that the deterioration of the road has affected not only the traders, but also the public. The delay of the Shillong-Dawki road is the responsibility of the state government.
In her letter, she began by informing Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya that five Dkhar children playing basketball in Lawsohtun have been shot dead and have been admitted to hospital. is unacceptable in a state with a government and a police department.
He said that measures have to be taken to reduce the purchase of electricity and reduce the losses.
He warned that those people who misuse this number by sending unnecessary messages like Good Morning or Good Night will be immediately blocked.
However, on the other hand, MoBOSE said it wants to conduct this examination to help teachers to train in the field of teaching.
The incident happened on 26th November, 2016 when police received a complaint from Smt.
According to him, the government will soon investigate whether it is in Meghalaya, Nagaland or Mizoram regarding the availability of oil and petrol.
When asked, Hek said the people cannot blame the BJP because the party has not received the full support to implement the manifesto.
The inability to complete this bridge has raised a big question among many people whether the PWD department is doing everything to complete this bridge for the sake of safety. the public.
When she received her embroidery certificate, her father arranged for her to work wherever she could to support herself and her family.
As parents, they want their children after graduation to get their own job, so that it will be a help to the family and have a bright future for them.
Speaking to media, Dr Mukul said he has already sent a letter to the Governor regarding the allegations of corruption in connection with the Autonomous District Council.
“They need to be evacuated from this area because of the insecurity in the health of those who live in this area and the overcrowding of the city has affected them too much. to the people," he said.
However, the Minister also expressed concern over the low price of cow feed, which those who work in this field have to leave.
And it is for this reason that many villages like Dummu Umtyrpeiñ and Bandieñ Rim have disappeared, and hundreds of people have died from famine and disease.
In a statement, MEMRIWU President Roypar Kharraswai said that during their visit, they also brought people to build these vehicles so that they can transport them.
The arrested person was identified as Rodingston Mawlong.
Conrad also recalled his contribution as Rangbah Shnong for 55 years and his work for the development of Mawlai as President of Mawlai Town Dorbar.
He said that all the road construction schemes have cost about T.4000 crore for Meghalaya.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, inaugurated the program in the presence of Social Welfare Minister Paul Lyngdoh, Health Minister Ampareen Lyngdoh, Director General of Police Dr LR Bishnoi and other other.
If all the parties including the non-party MLAs, except the NPP and BJP, join hands, the number will be 31 to
Kylian Mbappe's hat-trick against Reims has moved PSG to the top of the Ligue 1 table.
For the second round of the tournament, two local fighters will get their share of the UFC contract. Seung Guk Choi in the flyweight category while Rana Rudra Pratap Singh will prepare for his fight against Chang Ho Lee in the bantamweight category.
He said that he has nothing to do against Bah HM Shangpliang, who will fight against him. “I don't have anything to do, I just say that officers should work like officers. and they should remember that the government can come and go,” he said.
He said the Union has explained many of the works that the JAC has done in the past three months especially on the issue of the dismissal of Rangbah Shnongs in the High Court.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Bin Raliang, President of FKJGP, Nartiang Unit, said that after the upgradation of the PHC to a PHC in 2001, there were many shortcomings. providing healthcare to the community.
“Coal mining factories should not be allowed to be located in one place and factories located in one place should not be converted into one lynnong,” he said.
Ed) which the State Government has entrusted to NIOS to conduct this training.
Nongpoh, July 13: Don Bosco Higher Secondary School, Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi District today inaugurated another Science Department. Stream as an opportunity for young people to study in the Science Stream while there are still few schools that have opened the Science Stream.
Dohling said that in the meeting with the Minister, the Seng has suggested to the State Government to recognize places like ISBT as a place to stop tourist vehicles coming from outside the state and from these places, Tourist vehicles of the state will be able to transport tourists to the tourist attractions in the state.
Beant Singh and Satwant Singh, who were then aides of the Prime Minister, assassinated Gandhi on March 31, 1984 at her residence.
In 1784, the Hima Shillong sent Narleng and Manu Rai as representatives to the Royal Palace of Gaurinath, the Ahom King, to discuss trade and border issues. The Raid Dumria (Desh Doomreah), also known as the Raid Khad-ar Bangthai, is also known as the Raid Khad-ar Bangthai because there are twelve (12) Bangthai or Raid Syiems who belong to the Amri Karbi tribe and who are the owners of the Raid. this is the Raid.
Thus, now the “Hot and Sexy Dress” (Hot and Sexy Dress) has emerged to market the hot and sexy dress.
The best team was won by Sub Inspector Raymond Kurkalang and Sub Inspector Arpash D Sangma both of West Garo Hills Police.
“These are people who do politics over religion.
“Javed Bhat also known as Azmat Khan and Zahoor Bhat also known as Bilal have escaped from the hands of the police.
These items can only be sold inside a well-located shop.
Jesus also reminded us, “When ye therefore shall see the abomination of desolation, spoken of by Daniel the prophet, standing in the holy place, (whoso readeth, let him understand:)
The polling will be held for 59 constituencies except Sohiong Constituency after the death of one of the candidates (L) HDR Lyngdoh.
The Club has grown rapidly under her leadership and has brought a lot of fame and glory to the village.
Himanta said that there have been about nine incidents related to the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya in West Karbi Anglong District since
Asst.General Manager NABARD Bah Grevile Kharlukhi, Director JHD Rev. Fr.Manbha Pakem were also present at the distribution ceremony.
It is worth mentioning that the Assam government has discussed the demographic change in Assam.
“More than Rs 13 crore has been allocated through the Rural Infrastructure Development Fund (RIDF) for three villages, Marshillong, Sakwang and Pyndensakwang,” he said. said Renik.
On Saturday, it was learned that Bah Prestone has met with the leaders of Pynursla constituency to discuss the political issues especially to choose which party he should contest in the election. There has been a disagreement with the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma after he was removed from office.
The MDA 2 Government under the leadership of Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma has taken action and has been able to hold an All Party Meeting on the 17th with the Cabinet, on the 18th with the MDA and an All Party Meeting on the 19th. will convene a fourth meeting with the Sengbhalang, Religious Leaders, Rangbah Shnongs to discuss and explain the Roster.
Momin urged the police to arrest immediately and punish those involved in the attack on the YouTuber within the provisions of the law.
“We condemn the incident at Marveelyn Guest House, we demand that Bah HDR Lyngdoh should resign so that the investigation can go smoothly, we also demand that he should be handed over to the investigation team. “We are free to investigate the incident,” said Witting Mawsor General Secretary of the HSPDP.
Meanwhile, the report said that the highest revenue collected was from Jaintia Hills, Garo Hills and West Khasi Hills.
He said that the Khasi people themselves from time to time suffer in these border villages between Assam and Meghalaya and most of the time they do not receive protection from the Meghalaya police and It is only the Assam Police who patrol and harass even the villagers who live in these border villages.
He said, “He hopes that in the coming years, the celebration of the Environment Day will be different, not by rituals but by every citizen with responsibility and understanding. by asking ourselves how to restore the beautiful environment, so that the future of mankind can survive"
According to the number of people who have died after voting, there have been more than 1000 people in the past 23 days, and these are reported in the newspapers. and the death toll, which is more than the number of people, in various villages and townships of Ri Khasi Jaintia.
Most of the victims are drivers, especially during traffic jams or slow driving. These victims said that the robbers used to tied the door of the vehicle and enter the vehicle. They said 'You hit me, I injured my leg, you have to give me money' Some asked for 3,000, some asked for 6,000 and many of the drivers were punished by these people. bad.
The garbage collectors together with the residents immediately informed the police about the incident.
“We have prosecuted many people since 2014 against those involved in illegal mining and we should not talk only about what is happening now.
Shillong: The KSU Jaintia Hills District, in a statement on its Facebook page, said that the members of the KSU are being harassed from time to time by the law enforcement agencies.
Israel's health ministry said on Sunday that 2,048 people had been injured, of whom 20 were in critical condition.
In Tamil Nadu, the turnout reached 73%, an increase from 72.98% in
Shillong, Nailur 20: The Mawkynrew constituency has been the most popular constituency in the 2013 MLA elections.
In the incident, an elderly man named Mina Ram Joshi (70) who tried to help Das and a young girl who came to drink at the shop sustained minor injuries.
The man paid 12 tyngka for the biscuit and released the boy.
He expressed his concern over the incidents of violence against children, out of the 17 boys in the Juvenile Centre, 15 are POCSO cases. children are a dangerous job because it affects the society in the country.
Nonglang NASCFC won the title 1-0 in the women's category, while Lower Langumshing won the title 3-1 in the men's category.
In 2022, after the Hon'ble High Court of Meghalaya has ruled that the Roster System should be implemented, the MDA1.0 Government will Another Employment Policy was issued in the same year and it is since the issuance of this new OM that the employment situation in the state has been disrupted.
In East Khasi Hills, 66 cases have been tested positive including 21 cases from different armed forces and 45 cases from civilians including 10 cases from the market, 9 cases from the market. cases in Motphran, 9 cases in Anjalee and one case in Khyndailad, 9 cases are high risk contacts of a health worker, 2 cases went to get medicine because One is an employee of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 3 are from outside the state.
To be inclusive, they have taken on the responsibility of being the leaders of about 60 percent of the world's population, 75 percent of trade, and about 85 percent of the Gross Domestic Product or GDP growth around the world. we are the world.
Although Mawkhar SC has been playing for the first time in this category, it has not been able to play well against other clubs that have played many times in this category, such as Shillong Lajong. Rangdajied United FC, Langsning FC and Nangkiew Irat SC have opened the scoring in the first 5 minutes of the match. Lambor Nongsiej scored the second goal for Nangkiew Irat SC in the 30th minute and Overkindness Lyngdoh scored the second goal for Nangkiew Irat SC to take a 2-0 lead at the end of the first half.
He criticized the former United Democratic Alliance (UPA) government for saying that under the rule of the UPA, farmers have faced problems up to 65 per cent of their farmland. of rep.
Also present on the occasion were Margaret Pathaw, famous wrestler from the state and India, Vinnie Kharthangmaw, Bobby L Nongbet, DSO Nongpoh.
:"Dr.Lamb attributed the health appearance of the Khasis to the climate of their beautiful hills “where extreme fatique seems speedily forgotten and exposure to sun bad weather is followed by increase of appetite which lightened and buoyancy of spirit.
Meanwhile, the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat, announced the release of Khaw Ration for the month of May,
As an elected leader, he has many aspirations to continue his work, such as ensuring the inclusion of the Khasi language in Article 8 of the Constitution of India, to improve health especially the aspiration to bring about Medical College, which as a district has the right to receive in accordance with the rules of the Aspirational District.
Rakkam told reporters that the meeting discussed the issues raised by the Association including the monthly release of salaries and arrears.
This is the way and the beginning to show a spirit of indifference to the small countries and will also be the way to slowly reach the land of Israel.
“I use the MLA for the people of the constituency,” said Bah Rowel.
Rev JJM Nichols Roy helped to found the Church of God or Trumpet Church in 1902, while Rev Mon Lyngdoh founded the Church of the Lord of Christ in
The union has received many complaints that these khar poi ei used to harass the villagers who pass by and also at the same time those indigenous people who sell land in Khyndailad.
Some years ago in America there was a young man from a poor family, the youngest son of his parents, who worked all day to feed his younger brothers and sisters. mother at home, and his father, deceased.
Let the Governor explain what his secret purpose is, which I have already explained well in the press, let Bah Deng explain, because the perpetrators know what they have done.
This also came after a video related to the depiction of the rape incident that took place in November 2023 went viral recently online.
He said that once there is a law to curb this, it will free the jaitbynriew from the harassment of foreigners when they marry Khasi girls.
There are 3920 applications from 1st July 2018 to 31st November 2018, 2357 females and 1563 males.
During the Testing Camp, Scouts from different Units of the District had the opportunity to take part in the Rajya Puraskar Test programme. Guides.
Youths from South West Garo Hills District who have passed the employment examination will report to the Civil Defense Office Ampati.
“How many people are at the meeting?” asked the mother curiously.
Anastesia Shullai tied for 21 runs while Zoya Tasneem scored for 11 runs. Meghalaya has won four matches in this tournament, losing three times and win one.
When asked what the Prime Minister will do to his minister, he said, “We will hold a meeting of the MDA to discuss the election of the President on the 18th. I will take a decision at the right time.
He said that he has no regrets about his resignation as MLA of Ranikor because he has achieved the goal of getting a Civil Subdivision in Ranikor.
In the final match, Umphyrnai SC beat Umphyrnai SC by two goals and both goals were scored by Eliezer Kharkongor in the 6th minute. Dibormy Kharkongor scored in the 43rd minute.
“Different varieties of rice from Meghalaya are well marketed in all the states in the eastern part of the country and through tissue culture, more rice seeds can be produced,” he said.
The driver of the vehicle rushed the policeman to Bethany Hospital in Nongpoh, but due to the severity of his injuries, the policeman died.
He said that the residents of Shella village do not want any violence and want peace and have requested the SDO (civil) Sohra to repeal the 144 CrPc but till date no action has been taken. something.
That is why Indians don't eat more meat but eat more vegetables.
The union said that such incidents have happened in the past and since the VHAM (Voluntary Health Association of Meghalaya) was taken over, the services to the people in the area have been inadequate. .
In a statement, KJDSTA President Kular Khongjirem said that the deficit teachers have not received their salaries for three months despite the government's promise to release their salaries every month.
Vacation : means a period of time free from any responsibility or work; byrngia is not good at pleasing.
However, he said that the issue of protest will be on the ILP. However, he said that on the responsibility of the families of those arrested, “On this, we don't argue anything”. .
Supporters of Sachin Pilot, who were arrested in Ajmer.
Why is this lack of interest on the part of the Government to the people of Manipur?
The patient completed the surgery on 31.08.2023 through a team led by cardiac surgeon Dr. Reuben Lamiaki Kynta Associate Professor CTVS and HOD I/C CTVS, Dr. Tabang Nyitan Assistant Professor CTVS. , anesthesiologist Dr.Neha Rawat, Assistant Professor Anesthesiology, Perfusionists (Mrinal Mandal & Ioosar Dkhar), CTVS OT and ICU Nursing staff.
Adolf Hitler, the dictator of Germany, killed up to 60,000,000 Jews or Israelis.
“What is more surprising is that Balen Thubru has been rejected as a candidate for this election and after this rejection, Thubru and hundreds of truck owners have demanded “All truck owners who wish to contest this election should be allowed and not just a few,” said the statement.
He said that the construction of the complex has started since 2010-2011, but due to many obstacles such as protests by shopkeepers and lack of funds, the construction of the complex has been suspended. for many months.
If not, why do you have to turn off the electricity for many hours even after the Umiam Dam is completed?
During the sale inside the market, it was seen that the foreigner dressed as one of the tall people by lying on siej attached to his feet and walking around the market to offer They have their own medicines.
The deterioration of the road has also caused the vehicles carrying goods to collapse and the market goers and farmers have also found it difficult to reach the market on time especially those from the border villages such as Nongtalang, Amlympiang, Amdoh, Rhongkum, Amsku, Muktapur, Syndai, Hawai Bhoi and others.
When asked whether the party has lodged an FIR on the incident, Franklin said that the party will have to think first. He warned the robbers involved by saying that they should come and surrender before the Seng so that a settlement can be reached.
Besides, it was also expected that the recruitment of youth through this scheme will strengthen the Force and the youth will become skilled in the line of this modern technology and will reduce the number of cases. in front of the armies of other advanced countries.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The KSU Mawprem Circle under the leadership of Asst.Education Secretary Pynshngaiñ Lyngdoh and Litigation Secretary Basuklang N.Khongwar on Saturday visited the KSU Mawprem Circle to pay special tribute to the President of the KSU Mawprem Circle. Addiel Johanan Surong who has ranked 20th in the Top Ten of the SSLC 2023 examination announced by the MBoSE recently.
In another incident, a man named Chok Dkhar of Thangrain village while working on top of an electric post at the new DC office, Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills, was electrocuted while he was installing wires. With the help of fire brigade and CRPF personnel, the victim was rescued and taken to Khliehriat CHC for treatment.
Biden received 68,939,873 votes, while Trump received 66,242,2
In West Garo Hills, 25 cases of which 11 cases are from Armed Forces, one case from abroad, 2 cases from Rongram Bazar, 3 cases from high risk contact, 1 case from Six persons were tested in AOC Bazar, six persons were tested in Babupara and one person was tested in Phulbari.
In a hearing by Justice AK Sikri and Justice Ashok Bhusan, the court refused to hear the complaint of the state government and the private sector; However, it has ordered that the hearing on the coal issue should be taken on the complaint of Ma Lber Laloo and postponed another hearing on 12th November
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Delhi in the presence of Bah Vincent H Pala, MP Shillong, Samla Kynpham Kharlyngdoh, former President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Delhi and former Assistant Education Secretary of the CEC. Jual Oram, Minister in charge of Tribal Affairs, Union Government, today met with Jual Oram to inform him of the problems faced by the students of Meghalaya due to the lack of release by the Union Government. Scholarships for the years 2014-2015 and 2015-2
He said the first thing if he wins is to introduce a Civil Sub Division in Patharhmah.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has requested the District Magistrate to declare a micro containment zone for the factory to complete the contact tracing of those who have been in contact with those who have been infected with COVID-1 risk contact with low risk contact.
There is no need to ask about the reasons why evil has increased in these days. We can speak clearly to the world, it is only because parents or grandparents in these days don't have time. There is no need to advise or encourage their children in their homes and their children have lived freely as they please when they have started doing small evil deeds and it will spread again until evil deeds. they have risen up in these days.
Depending on the time needs demand.
Aristerwell Suting took 10 runs from 22 balls, Ralphy Heinrich Diengdoh took three wickets for 14 runs in three overs and Daryll Donald Nongbri took two wickets for four runs in 2.5 overs. .
Mawlai has 12 points while Ryntih has
The DC said that he cannot believe that the blue color of the river is due to the coal, because the coal causes the water to turn blue.
These two schemes (Focus and Focus+) can provide financial assistance of up to 10,000 tyngka to each farming household in Meghalaya.
The competition was concluded with the participation of teachers from different schools including Nongnah SS, Rodphod SS and Nolikata SS. Babu John Rngaid, Headmaster of Nongnah SS School, who distributed the prizes to the winners of the male category of Nolikata SS and Bah Michael Lyngdoh, Headmaster of Nongnah SS. The Community Coach of Rodphod SS and the Principal of Nolikata SS, M.Marweiñ, awarded the prizes to the winners of the girls of Nongnah SS. Division Sports Association (RCSDSS) who distributed the football tournament to the winners of Nolikata SS. with joy and gladness.
At the same time, he said that he has moved forward with the preparations for the 2019 elections, but he has expectations of his colleagues in the government. MDA, to reach an agreement, to get a joint candidate.
Judges from different countries, including Srinath Perur, writer and translator, presented the Longlist which will attract writers from around the world.
Carness, one of the youngest MDCs in the KHADC, has lost to Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar in the 2018 elections, when he won from the HSPDP. Renik has now decided to contest from the UDP. Another MDC who won the 2018 MLA election will contest again in 2023 and this is Bah Gabriel Wahlang from Nongstoiñ Constituency.
While with Lajong, he also completed the AFC A License course in
The order came after a clash between the two groups in Laitumkhrah in recent days which led to the burning of a police vehicle inside Laitumkhrah Police Station.
Before the match, Nangkiew Irat and Rangdajied had five points each and equal goals but Nangkiew Irat were fourth in the points table.
According to the Minister, if any member has any concerns about any area, he should inform so that the Government will be ready to cooperate.
Therefore, in order to implement more comprehensively the safety measures for the passengers who use vehicles, the DTO office will also conduct inspections of vehicles or drivers who violate the rules. “If found in the future, the office will punish according to the provisions of the Motor Vehicle Act,” said Bah Makdoh.
The list of athletes who will represent the state in the tournament in New Delhi are: Emika Deimaia Myrthong Cadet Girls 47 Kg Kumite; Aibiangmisaka Lyngdoh Mawphlang Cadet Girls 47 Kg Ind Kumite, Daphishisha Shadap Cadet Girls 47 Kg Ind Kumite, Larisha Kurbah Junior Girls 54 Kg Ind Kumite, Rebeka d Kumite, Phikerbha Kharbihkhiew Women 55 Kg Ind Kumite, Saralin Rynghang Women 51 Kg Ind Kumite, Eva Gracia Kharumnuid Women 43 Kg Ind Kumite, Eric B Ryngnga Sub Junior Boys 29 Kg Ind Kumite, SubiKor Bogte In 5 SwingKham. , Nowni Mayer F Ryngkhlem Sub Junior Boys 50 Kg Ind Kumite, Nathaniel Jasper Thongni Sub Junior Boys 48 kG Ind Kumite, Hymnson Challam Cadet Boys 45 Kg Ind Kumite, Iainenskhem Shabong Cadet Boys Emmandu Boys Kuelde 46 Kg. Ind Kumite, Shanderson Nongrem Junior Boys 57 kg Ind Kumite, Bhawanchwadame Lyngdoh Mawphlang Junior Boys 83 kg in Kumite, Davyson Kharkongor Men 50 Kg Ind Kumite, Davyson Kharkongor Men 50 Kg Ind Kumite; Gary Daniel Lyngdoh Mawlong (56 kg), Glikerius Buhphang (58 kg) in Mawlong.
On the 4th November, Jarain C&SC will play against Dongmihsngi Mupyut at 2 pm.
This was announced by the Secretary, Ummulong Presbyterian Church.
She said that the goal is to distribute education to the poor and children who have to support themselves who come to school in the morning and work in the afternoon.
At the same time, it is impossible not to consider the allocation of hundreds of acres of land and wealth to foreigners and wealthy groups in our area.
The HSPDP Pynursla Constituency Area has requested Wansuk Syiem to explain to the landowners and especially to the people of the villages and areas living on the border with Bangladesh. border and land belonging to the State of Meghalaya and also to explain the benefits that the people can get through this Agreement.
T.Lyngwa, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District was the chief guest on the occasion. LT Tariang, MCS, Additional Deputy Commissioner and Project Director DRDA, South West Khasi Hills District was the chief guest at Sakwang village. The King, the King of the Maharam Kingdom.
““In July 2021, we six teachers and professors of colleges receiving assistance from the State Government appealed to the Meghalaya High Court and on the 5th of this month the Court dismissed the “This notification has been issued by the Government,” said Bah Brightstar.
Shillong, November 10: Shillong Lajong FC have suffered their first defeat in the I-League this season against Mizoram's strongest team, Aizawl FC. Aizawl FC beat Lajong three goals without scoring in the North East derby held at the SSA Stadium, Polo. .
He encouraged the youth to take advantage of government schemes which have empowered the youth to set up their own businesses according to their talents and knowledge.
It is for this reason that the RPF authorities from time to time conduct raids in various areas and places not only in Assam but also in other parts of India.
Khliehriat Jymmang 03: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit, through its Sports Committee, has sent a message of congratulations to all the youths from East Jaintia Hills District and also to all the Khasi youths who have taken part in the 2013 FIFA World Cup. The Meghalaya Games 2022 will start on the 3rd of July.
However, the Jaintia word which was expected to appear did not appear but was replaced by the English word.
The scars on his face show that he is really old.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, said after the meeting today, that the meeting will be held to raise awareness to clean up the market in order to bring back the market. fame and glory as in the past.
Regarding this incident, the RBYF leaders have warned others not to throw garbage in the Umsning By-pass, and if found, they will take strict action.
The theft of mobile phones at Meghalaya House is no longer a surprise incident where last year in July alone, 19 mobile phones were stolen.
In fact, until now, Khasi/Garo is the 1st language because it is the mother tongue, English is the 2nd language and Hindi is the second language. The 3rd language is the third highest language in Meghalaya.
Continuing to score 66/7, Sikkim needed 136 runs to win with Iqbal Abdulla scoring 30 runs earlier.
Speaking at the briefing, Lector Dkhar said that there are many people who don't show the way to the Sengbhalang and many are just reluctant to point fingers. He urged the people not to point fingers but if there is anything wrong they can come forward and talk to the leaders of the party and at the same time they should be pioneers and supporters for the good of society.
“Man depends on nature to survive.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) Byrnihat Circle on Saturday elected and renewed the office bearers of the Byrnihat Circle. working year 2023 to
The two teams that will compete for the title are 12 Dolloi and Ar Dolloi FC on the 8th November.
Donbok sustained head injuries and his vehicle was badly damaged.
All vehicles carrying election personnel from Zonal and Sector Officers coming from Newhill will park at the city parking lot and after the EVMs have been installed they will have to leave and park at Ummulong Stand/War Stand/Jrisalein.
But as it is written, this is the power of God, which shall be revealed soon, as it happened to others.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. WL Narry, Medical Health Officer, Mawkyrwat said that this program is part of the National Health Mission (NHM) and its purpose is to eradicate the disease. you can ask through the provision of medical care at free health facilities.
He said that the leaders and members of the party have often found that the sick patients who want to go for treatment at Rambrai PHC, have to be carried by a person. from the village to the road.
Justice Katakey also agreed to look into the matter to monitor whether the government is implementing the orders of the SC and NGT and to look into what still needs to be done.
And it shall be a great tribulation, such as was not since the beginning of the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be.
The affected villages include Tombuna, Bugakol, Upper Sambrak, Lower Sambrak, Renggok Saram, Amerim, Rongmatchu and Kentra. They built a strong bridge over the river, but no one believed their request.
One of the prominent branches of Sunfeast, Bounce, has tried to connect with the school children of the area and spread the love of football through exciting activities and exciting games.
The media is considered one of the pillars of democracy, but journalists and journalists have faced many challenges from all sides in their efforts to disseminate truthful and indeed to the people and society.
The JNC also urges the 7 MLAs and 30 MDCs not to listen but to speak out on this issue so that Jaintia Hills should not be destroyed as this can upset them. from Jaintia Hills.
"Surprisingly, no condition has been set to prevent RGI, Chennai from participating in the implementation of the project," the report said.
He was speaking on the allegation that there is illegal mining in Shallang, West Khasi Hills District.
SEIAA and 39 are Environmental Clearance Granted (Offline) from the state Environmental Impact Assessment Authority (SEIAA).
“Amar, who was the winner out of 48 contestants, received a cash prize of 50,000 tyngka while Jexial received a cash prize of 30,000 tyngka.
Police raided him from Indore and found that he had changed his name and was staying at a place in Indore.
On the 6th, Maitchaphrang Mootyrchiah will play against Royalpole Mihmyntdu at 1 pm. On the 7th, Mawsiang FC will play against Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu at 1 pm. The final will be played between Pasyih Cultural Sports Club and Pateinki Sabah.
“The counterfeit currency seized was made in Pakistan,” the source said.
When asked, the NPP leader said, “I think we will go back to the time since we got independence as India. the government will have to step down.
On the other hand, the union demanded the appointment of a team of investigators and not to send teams of police and magistrates as the magistrates and police do not have the necessary equipment to know the situation. of this place.
Seeing this, she said she went to help her son but 14 people (the same people who shot Begum and her husband) came and dragged her to the police station. When she arrived there, she said that they had stripped her naked and beaten her and later they had robbed her of the gold earrings she was wearing.
On this occasion, prizes were also awarded to the winners of the short speeches on the theme 'Jingma Ka Jaidbynriew because of the Jingai Jaitkpa' and the winners of the essay on the theme 'Khulom Ksiar' organized by the Socio Cultural Cell.
Later, the world knew that on this day the KSU used to hold public marches but most of us don't remember why this day was celebrated and what is the significance of this day.
It is there that the main issue and ultimate goal is the implementation of the No Development Goal, a legal document that clearly states the implementation rules in the and how to understand the views on the welfare of the Riewlum.
Shillong: The AMSSASTA, the union in charge of the welfare of SSA teachers in the state, has met with the Minister of Education, Bah Lakmen Rymbui on the 20th of this month. This month at his office to get more information regarding the Meghalaya Teacher Eligibility Test (MTET) which the government intends to conduct according to the announcement on 29th March
Kitboklang Nongtdu was confirmed as President, Marki Mulieh ex-MDC as Vice President, Kynsai Bareh as General Secretary and Timothy Phawa as Asst. Moonlight Pariat is the General Secretary and former MDC.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Vincent said that many political parties have urged Bah Batskhem to contest from their party after seeing that he has the goal of winning the election. Mairang Constituency in 2023 and the Congress party has been fortunate to have a candidate like Bah Batskhem who is a man of strong foundation with the Congress party.
Arsenal have confirmed that they have signed England midfielder Declan Rice from West Ham United for a fee of £100m plus £5m in other fees.
On the other hand, the residents of Nartiang Constituency on 27th June, have strongly condemned the incident of petrol bomb blast at the house of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Urban Affairs, Sniawbhalang Dhar. Unidentified robbers have been arrested in Nongmensong, Shillong.
The meeting was conducted by Hynniewki Pasleiñ and welcome speech was delivered by JHADC MDC Nominee Octomewot Lamin.
Shillong: The BJP Meghalaya is waiting for information from the party headquarters in Delhi to send its leaders to campaign for the party candidate Bah Joshua Warjri for the mid-term elections in Shella to be held on the 21st. October.
God bless you all Chaphrang chajrong India.
“To harass people just because they wear a special dress or religious clothes is very shocking, unheard of and unacceptable.
Seeing her skills in boxing, two coaches from Manipur, Narjit Singh and Kishan Singh, decided to train her.
In a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya through the President of the KSU Delhi Unit, Samla Marbiang Khongwir, the KSU urged the Meghalaya government to stop the use of reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT- PCR) to screen people returning from areas with high prevalence of corona virus or red zones before entering Meghalaya.
They do not agree and do not have a single aim and objective for the bringing about of good governance in the State.
Speaking to reporters on Saturday, the two winners said that they have not received any special training, but this HipHop dance is which they have themselves and which they enjoy in their lives.
When it comes to the wells that flow in the streams and rivers, man begins to destroy them by digging stones, by destroying the places where there are wells, by destroying them. , because from such a place, he was very happy because he had the opportunity to earn money.
Regarding the spread of drugs, the Director General of Police (DGP) Meghalaya, Dr LR Bishnoi, while talking to reporters, said that drugs have caused a lot of trouble among the youth. and also to destroy the society and affect the peace and order.
Shillong: The Commissioner and Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Bah MR Synrem, on Tuesday announced that on 23rd October 2020, On 26th October 2020, only 25% of commercial taxis and Auto Rickshaws will be allowed to operate on the roads.
It is also true that even the closest followers of the Mawhati MLA, cannot confirm his intention to contest from Nongkrem in 2023, but they have agreed. There is no such thing as a good news that Dasakhiatbha Lamare will leave Nongkrem.
Police said two persons were killed in the incident which happened at noon on Tuesday.
I am sorry for my neighbours, and for my friends, if they know that someone like me, who carries all my sins, has gone to seek Jesus.
At the meeting, which was attended by 12 MDCs, the MDCs expressed their desire that Bah Shylla should contest the MDC election from Nongkrem and said that the District Council still needs Bah Shylla. Shylla so that he can introduce many other laws to strengthen the nation.
Speaking exclusively to Bah Nathaniel Rymmai, he said that in this election to be held on 10th June, 2023, it is like contesting his father (Bah HDR Lyngdoh).
Speech was also delivered by T.Thangkhiew, District Development Manager, NABARD, Jaintia Hills who urged the people to fight for the development of the country. Lary Nongtdu, Field Associates, Thadlaskein Development Block, West Jaintia Hills explained about the Integrated Basin Development Program (IBDP).
Shillong, Aug 12 : The decision of the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) to implement the National Education Policy (NEP) immediately from the 2023-24 academic year has sparked strong criticism from the Meghalaya College Teachers' Union (NEHU). The Association (MCTA), which said that this behavior is unsafe and dangerous for the students.
The incident occurred at 9 pm when the truck number AS-01-D-5691 driven by Gopal Sharma collided with another vehicle. across the street and it turned.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur, 11: It is a shame that even in the city, the work cannot be done properly, especially in the more remote areas.
The tyrnem is 21 feet tall and its head is 5 feet wide.
Shillong, Lber, 13: The current Executive Committee of the National People's Party (NPP) has appointed 45 Hima markets and 14 private markets. The Executive Member (EM) in charge of Building Department of the KHADC, Bah Teibor Pathaw, said that the department has issued 263 permits to build houses in the KHADC. you are my pud.
There are also cultural programmes, exhibition cum-sale, food fest, Pynher Dingkum and gliding.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Lad Rymbai Unit has closed down a shop run by a foreigner in Lad Rymbai, East Jaintia Hills District. to affect the health of those who drink milk in this shop.
Looking at many kinds of evils, it cannot be said that these days the drug trafficking and drug abuse has increased everywhere especially in the urban areas.
Manipur: 1
Phing said the MPCC has done the right thing by replacing the office bearers of Umroi Block.
This was announced by the Vice President of HYC Mawlai Mawiong Unit.
Their appearance today is to express that as the owners and drivers of commercial vehicles they are suffering from this delay in paying the money they deserve.
This action of the SIM is to set an example to others that when planting any tree, it should be checked, cleaned or maintained otherwise it will not make sense to plant.
Only three districts have 4 cases in Ri-Bhoi, 2 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 1 case in East Khasi Hills.
Guwahati: Fourteen Taliban supporters have been arrested in Assam today, including Maulana Fazul Karim, General Secretary of the All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF). Assam police today arrested a man on charges of posting on social media in support of the Taliban takeover in Afghanistan.
Paul's blood donation in Shillong was a coincidence as it was the world's Blood Donation Day.
Replying to a question by Mawshynrut MLA Bah Witting Mawsor, Dr Laloo said, “The SSA teachers in the state have been appointed by the School Managing Committee and not by the School Managing Committee. by the government".
According to the Sordar of the Raid, Bah Skhembor Khongjirem, the ceremony started on the 14th, to give thanks to the Lyngdoh of the Raid. The religion, the suit, the shor, the prayer, the phirat, to give health, knowledge, strength and also to provide adequate income.
There are about 21 households in the village, so all the residents in the village who have aged 18 years and above have already received the vaccination against COVID-1 It can also be said that this is the only village in Ri Bhoi, where all the residents have received the COVID-19 vaccine.
There will also be a Prasad Gupta Memorial Drum Beat Competition and an SK Das Memorial Drum Beat Competition on the 28th and 29th.
There are 66 examination centers in Shillong Region and 39 examination centers in Tura Region.
Speaking to syllad.com, he said that after the tournament in Hyderabad this year where he won gold medals including right and left hand wrestling, he formed the Arm Wrestling Association. The country has elected this young man to lead the country.
Those who speak proudly speak against others, feeling self-sufficient.
When you talk to Sr.
Shillong, Nailar 28: Seven MLAs of Meghalaya, including Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, MLA Nongkrem, Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang, MLA Kyrmen Shylla, Khliehriat MLA and Minister of State Government, Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkynrew, Mawhati MLA, Gavin Mylliemngap, Sohra MLA will play football against the team of Meghalaya Government Officers tomorrow at 5 pm.
Therefore, the Union requests the company, the PWD (R) and the Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District to improve this road as soon as possible.
Markus Marten, President of the Seng, said that it cannot be said that some of the areas that are still under the Raid are still within the border of Meghalaya. , but they are settled by brew who are not Khasi but are from other ethnic groups, but that should not be the reason for the loss of land but as a Raid The Land Department together with the Hima Syiem Mylliem shall ensure through the presence of these people the land titles or land titles to be renewed every year so that these lands will be established in the State of Meghalaya.
The mother told her son to tell his father.
There is no law that is not perfect but there is always a shortcoming.
The same is true of a poor or rich person who goes to live in the house of a rich man.
He said that in many villages across the Khasi Hills, the Dorbar Shnongs, the Dorbar Kut Snem, give the census, but under the jurisdiction of the KHADC of the Hima Mylliem, they do not want to give information.
Hearing the appeal filed by Bah Kondro K Ksanlah in October, 2012, Justice SR Sen in November last year ruled that the laws of the dorbars are made for the benefit of the people and the people. they do not make the law for the local council.
When you are well, you should send for first aid only. When you get first aid, you should go outside.
The inspection was attended by Diwas Bordoloi, Phanindra Nath, Officer-in-Charge of Boko Police Station, Bikram Basumatary, Officer-in-Charge of Boko Police Station. Goalon K Sangma, Head of Malangkona Police Outpost, West Khasi Hills District, leaders of the All Rabha Students Union (ARSU), CRPF Police. at the local playground.
The prizes for the winners of the first and second places were awarded by the Chief Guest, Kong Syngai.
Almost all the party leaders were also present on the occasion, including MLAs Paul Lyngdoh and Kyrmen Shylla who are also Government Ministers, Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Pius Marwein, Mayralborn Syiem, Balajied Synrem. UDP East Khasi Hills President Titos W Chyne, CEM of KHADC, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary of the party, AF Dkhar, Vice President of the party. Bhoi, Jaintia Hills and also from other places.
In North Garo Hills, there are 3 cases and all of them are high risk.
Admitting that a complaint has been lodged, the MLA said he cannot tolerate the actions of those who are fighting against him by sending people to apply for schemes.
Meghalaya is like this because the people have made a mistake in electing their leaders and it is here that the demands of the people have stopped and no one can believe and All the demands turn into politics when it comes to the demand for ILP, the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Khyrnit Baphra, the demand for the removal of the people living in Them Iew Mawlong, the settlement of the border and Reservation Policy Other than that.
Speaking to reporters, the Secretary of the Cultural Committee, Bah Hamarsing Kharmar together with the members of the Cultural Committee, said that the Nathymmei Festival will feature traditional songs, traditional dances, competitions and costume shows. There will also be a detailed explanation of the Iawbei song from Kongthong and a special film to be shown on the occasion. The “Thymmei ka tynne ka Tyllong” which explains the origin of the Hynniewtrep people came from Lum Sohpetbneng.
“When we turn to the boundary, this announcement from the Hima Mylliem, the Refugee Rehabilitation Colony has been included under the jurisdiction of the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah,” said Bah Pynïaid. Pale.
"I want village officials to attend this important meeting," he said.
The district is the largest and most prominent district in the state, consisting of seven districts and one Sidarship. The names of the districts are Rymbai, Sutnga, Narpuh, Lakadong, Nongkhlieh. , Sumer District and Saipung Civil Service.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: U Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to contest the MLA election 2018 from Pynthor-Umkhrah Constituency. He said that Pynshngaiñ's intention to leave Pynthorumkhrah was because he was afraid to contest against Himalaya Shangpliang, IAS (current Director of DIPR) from Mawsynram constituency. Shangpliang has said that he will not contest on the Congress ticket in the Mawsynram election.
L.R.Sangma, I.A.S, said that the recognition has already been accepted by the state government.
“We have discussed how to organize the Dorbars to participate in the fight against this war which is also part of the objective of how to participate with the Dorbar Shnongs.
Minerva coach Paul Munster said the champions don't have to start, and they have to start from scratch.
The high cost of living that they have to pay for medical bills has been a burden for them.
He said that to avoid any tragic incident to these families, the 7 families will have to be evacuated because of the floods. place continues today.
Not only in the medals but the performance of our children is beautiful and this shows that we have talented children, but it is up to the government to develop them.
The party needs to be led by someone else and now Bah Mawrie is the leader.
We know that an MLA, even if he wins for 10 terms, gets a pension, but only for three years.
The review of nominations will be held tomorrow and those who wish to withdraw their nominations can do so before 9th July
In Shillong, a ceremony was held to immerse the idols in the Polo Pond with the participation of Hindu men and women.
It has been a subject at the Master Degree level since
Nangbah beat Ladthadlaboh 3-1 with Wirldrick scoring two goals in the 27th and 66th minutes. Chanbok Siangshai scored in the 90+1 minutes.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Citizenship Amendment Act 2019 will not apply to Meghalaya as it falls under the Sixth Schedule. in the Municipal area or in the Non-Schedule Area.
The Court said that the State Government should inform that there are weighbridges around the area and should issue a notice to them to follow the rules in measuring the load of vehicles to ensure that they do not exceed. the pud is not buh.
She said that according to the RTI, she had received the MLA scheme but she had not received it.
The inability to sell these juti has prompted the authorities of the company to burn them down but later it was decided to donate them to the poor and needy people. they shall be free to wear them.
Regarding the award ceremony, the members of the Kur can send their application forms to the Secretary of the Kur Nongtdu, Monday Star Nongtdu by calling No.
The account of the fall of the walls of Jericho can help us and we can apply it in this fight.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: Many former leaders of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) are now ready to leave the NPP and revive the party.
Speaking on the issue of corruption, Ardent said that even the rich people know that corruption has spread in the state and it is because of corruption that the state has come. directly to the leading positions from the least number of states in India.
Dr Dkhar promised to send two more doctors to the CHC. The union requests the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to send four more doctors to the CHC for the smooth running of the work. Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Additional Chief Secretary of the Shillong Byepass has been reporting that there have been many accidents since the opening of the Shillong Byepass. PBO Warjri, who is also in charge of the Government's Land Management Department, today inaugurated the Umsaw Multi Purpose Water Harvesting Station at Umsaw Khliehshnong, Sohra. Structure, in the presence of Mr. Cyril VD Diengdoh, SDO (C), Sohra Civil Sub-Division, Mr. D Langstieh, Mr. KM Syiem, Additional Director of Soil and Water Conservation, Mr. F. Tariang, Rangbah Shnong, Sohra and others.
To inform the public, the Mawhati BJP Mandal has said that Mawïambei is a very large stone and there is a legend that this stone has killed people. The World Tourism Day is part of the campaign to promote the tourism industry in the area.
He said that to reduce roadside parking, the Government has set up 1,250 parking spaces in Shillong, 150 in Tura and 100 in Jowai at a cost of T.150 crore.
The decision of the Central Government to allocate T.100 lakh crore over the next five years for the infrastructure and the efforts to upgrade the railway stations will improve the livelihood.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Thursday handed over his resignation letter to the Governor, Phagu Chauhan, in which he also acknowledged the majority of MLAs to form a new Government.
For years now, environmental causes have been based on the belief that advanced economies should leave more work to solve this problem, as they are ma which produce the most greenhouse gases (GHGs).
Speaking for less than three hours in his reply in the House, the Prime Minister said that the government will not allow anyone to get land in the state and has taken many ways and means to correct evil deeds.
To remove the stereotype that women are inferior in status, power and authority.
When we look at the bill introduced by Assam which has failed to pass, only states like Arunachal Pradesh, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland, Tripura, Kerala and Tamil Nadu are left. They are allowed to slaughter cows and soon they will be caught up in the violence of many of them against the drinking habits of these people according to their culture.
On the other hand, Bah John F.Kharshiing, President of the MSOA, said, “We have used this opportunity and strategy to implement new requirements for the safety of the players.
Speaking after the Cabinet meeting, Mukul Sangma said, “Don't link the twolane road with uranium mining”.
Extension), KVK Jaintia Hills.
The Rangbah Shnongs of different villages of Block-1 also expressed their wish and voice that they want to remain in Meghalaya and requested the Government of Meghalaya to take action to resolve the border issue as soon as possible. and all the rest of the land should be transferred to Meghalaya.
Shillong, March 25 : The Mylliem Raid Dorbar, Hima Mylliem for the first time has received a suitable Dorbar Hall to hold its Dorbar at Mylliem Old Market.
He said that the surprising thing is that even though the High Court has acquitted the owner, the government has opened another weight bridge nearby and has taken away all the employees including The Directorate of Mineral Resources (DMR), the Transport Department and the Forest Department have also been working with the Ministry of Mineral Resources (DMR), Transport Department and Forest Department.
And I saw the New Jerusalem coming down out of heaven from God.
Therefore, we will ensure that there is no breakdown in the security situation.
Varthaman's mother said, “I saw the pictures on TV and I will meet his parents.
Hundreds of supporters who joined the UDP Mawthadraishan from other parties were also welcomed at the meeting.
At present, to relieve the people of this problem, there will be a Coordination Committee comprising of the Magistrate, Police Officers, Senior Soldiers and Village Leaders. assistance and understanding from time to time.
Urging the people to accept the BJP to bring about development in the state, Bah Shangpliang said, “The BJP is a party that works for development and therefore, we don't have anything. “But we need development works for the state and that is why we have joined the BJP.” He said the three MLAs do not like to point fingers at the state government and its failures. .
He said that there is an MRI scan machine worth T.4.90 crore which has been in operation since 2013 but now it has broken down and is no longer working.
Reddy said the region is a 'heaven that tourists have never seen', adding, “The North East has a beautiful landscape, unique heritage and many natural resources and The Government of India, under the leadership of Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, is committed to the rapid development of the North East.
However, the Bapli even before this election of leaders used to look and see the whole truth but they could not recognize it.
For this reason, the government wants to look into the behavior of you contractors.
The census shows that there are 17 ministers out of 22 who are party members, while four ministers who have not yet reached the number of party members include u Naidu has T.20.45 lakh, Food Minister Ram Vilas Paswan has T.39.88 lakh, Labor and Employment Minister Narendra Singh Tomar has T.44.90 lakh. Health Minister Harshvardhan has T.48.54 lakh and Chemicals and Fertilizers Minister Ananth Kumar has T.60.62 lakh.
This was announced by the Minister of State and Siju-Rongara MLA Rakkam A Sangma on Monday, while praising the work of the MDA government in the past six years.
I want to clarify here that not all the poor sell their livelihood; Many of them are honorable people who, even in the midst of poverty, live righteously by their own labor and hard work.
There are 7 cases in South Garo Hills, 4 cases in South West Garo Hills and 35 cases in South West Khasi Hills. Cluster 11, Ranikor Cluster
The source said that his offer is for 100% of the club and he has also promised to forgive all the debts that the club is still owed.
Speeches were also delivered by SK Sangma, SVEEP Icon, who urged the people to come out and exercise their right to vote.
The Assam government on Tuesday (July 22) sent more than 20 vehicles to secure the road to Khanduli area and also to Lapangap village.
He said that this issue has affected every family in Ri Khasi and Jaintia as a whole.
When we talk about corruption, we often blame only the MLAs and MDCs and government officials, but when we look closely, corruption has now spread to all sectors from the government. community development, household development, organizational development and others, which has greatly affected the human rights in the state and the region as a whole.
During the Question Hour, the MDC of Langrin and former CEM of KHADC, Bah Mansturdy Nongrem (Congress), raised a question from the Finance Department. The KHADC, which was headed by Ardent Basaiawmoit, who was the CEM at the same time, in which Nongrem asked whether it is true that the CEM is Ardent Basaiawmoit. In a reply to the CEM, Ardent said yes, it is true. that he has never received a salary, but only other benefits such as Conveyance Allowance.
He said that according to the information sent by the leaders of these groups, as well as from the pastors of the CBA-Church Baptist Association and the Evangelical Baptist Church Convention.
As soon as the Christmas season comes, the houses are filled with lights and the people enjoy playing Christmas songs and listening to such songs.
It also issues licenses to those Dkhars who offer to sell hawking on head-load.
These youths, aged 14 and 15, one who works at her mother's house and one who is studying in class from Byndihati Village, have been missing since Sunday, but thanks to the hard work of their relatives. They found that they had been imprisoned in a house occupied by a Khar Boro and her husband.
The Government of Meghalaya has worked hard to erect a statue of Syiem Tirot Singh at the Indira Gandhi Cultural Center (IGCC), Dhaka. The Symbud Chief Minister, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, on Tuesday.
Construction works are allowed but there is no shop selling cement, shyiap, rod, wood, hardware.
“You have heard that the software will cost T.78 crore when you ask NESAC how much the software is, but the smart meter software in Meghalaya costs T.78 crore. that brings software here.
The Contractors Association has appealed to other wealthy contractors not to interfere in the work of contractors in the state so that the contractors can progress in their work. They take contract jobs whether in construction or other private jobs and if found, the Association will punish them.
Isn't this against the idea of ​​democracy? Shall we continue to struggle with this election which is against the idea that another way will be found? If 10 or 15 times, which means 60 or 65 years after independence, elections have been held and it is still necessary to compose songs, to sing, to dance, to shout, to shout, to invite the people to vote, this is the It is clear that independence or democracy has not yet entered us, but it has been a spectacle for 100 years.
However, the issue has begun to escalate after the World Health Organization (WHO) urged China to provide clarification on the situation and health of the Chinese people due to the outbreak. Most of them are children who are affected and catch the disease.
“The Jaiaw Langsning Dorbar Shnong and the Jaiaw Langsning Youth Association would like to express their gratitude to the leader of Bah Paul Lyngdoh who has worked hard for the welfare of the residents of the village,” said the statement. Eldie N Lyngdoh, Social Welfare Secretary, Jaiaw Langsning Youth Association.
He alleged that at the meeting in Ranikor on the 30th, the leaders did not allow others to speak but only the president of the party.
Another step is the 825 km Chardham Road Project, which provides roads to four holy Dhams.
That which is most precious is life, human life or living people.
Even in the midst of the heavy rain, the faithful attended all three services as it is the service they meet once a year in every synod.
Police under the leadership of the Superintendent of Police (City) and Additional District Magistrate Bah Ronnie Wahlang on receiving information about the sudden turnout of the HYC members at the Secretariat, immediately rushed to the Secretariat to explain to the leaders. They will not gather in front of the gate of the main office of the Government so as not to disrupt the traffic of vehicles passing in front of the road of the Main Secretariat.
Blinken will visit India after a visit to two Central Asian countries, Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan, starting on the 28th of this month. February.
The early completion of this project has been welcomed by the parents who go to and from school.
“As we prepare for the upcoming Budget Session of the Legislative Assembly, I am writing to you to highlight the most important issue related to the language to be discussed on the day of the session," he said. VPP Secretary Heavingstone Kharpran in a petition sent to the Lamphang.
There are 19 cases in East Khasi Hills, 11 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 8 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 8 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 6 cases in West Garo Hills. , 4 cases in West Khasi Hills, 3 cases in East Garo Hills, 2 cases in South Garo Hills, 1 case in North Garo Hills and 1 case in South West Garo Hills.
This is the part where we see the differences between the children of the Internet now, some of them are of the same race and some of them are of the same race.
Hrithik Sharma (43) and wicketkeeper Ankit Kumar Singh (69) managed to score more than 100 runs for two wickets. after these things they have done.
Josper S Dura The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday (25-10-2018) approved the First Amendment Bill, 2018 and others. even the bills.
The KSU South West Khasi Hills District has ordered the Circles and Units to fight against this ANTI-LOCAL POLICY of the Government. Foreign workers in Mawsynram Block and South West Khasi Hills District.
Therefore, the law enforcement agencies urge everyone not to publish news at will or without grounds, to seek thorough information, to obtain permission and recognition to avoid any prosecution.
However, as Bah Ardent recalled when he opposed the Governor's statement in the House that it is the Assam government's intention to forcibly introduce the Assamese language in other parts of the North East. There was a struggle for independent states including the United Khasi Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills until the independence of Meghalaya in
Marak said that the delay was due to the presence of the Budget Session and that the officers had to go to the Legislative Assembly.
Raja Brahma, BDO Umsning C&RD Block, Bah Shemphang Lyngdoh, NPP candidate from Mawhati, Village Leaders and many other dignitaries. you are in Mawhati.
The singer said that the hard work of the singer, the expenditure of the city authorities, the money, for the production of these albums, but now it has been wasted. ei, the cows are happy.
Referring to the election observers, Bah Lyngdoh said the department will soon hold another meeting with the Deputy Commissioners.
“This has created concern among the people if the footpath constructed for the pedestrians will be blocked by the vendors,” said the order.
Shillong, June 20: The Lum Jingthang Committee of the Seng Khasi (Kmie) will hold a cleanliness drive at the Lum Jingthang in Jaiaw, on the 26th June from 9 pm.
In fact, any army units should set up camps in the border areas and not in villages, townships or in the middle of the city because most of the time the presence of army camps has caused many problems and sufferings to the people. The army doesn't have any benefits and doesn't bring any benefits but it causes a lot of suffering to the society from the involvement of the army in the walking, working and occupying land.
The KSU through Samla Banjop Maring, said that the reason why they had to meet the DMHO, to inform them about the delay in the working methods inside the hospital, is after they received a letter. complaints from the residents, who said that even a minor illness can not be treated and that they send for treatment to other health centres.
“I am happy to fight in the way we have been fighting for 20 years to achieve the rights of the workers is not easy and only the way to become a leader is the best way,” she said. you are a journalist.
The HYC leader said that even the Election Commission of India has sent a letter to the political parties, Chief Secretaries and Chief Electoral Officers (CEOs) of the States to direct them not to use the children in elections as this is against the rights of children under the Protection of Child Rights Act,
On this basis, the union has requested information through RTI from the police department to get information on the recruitment.
The child has been missing since Thursday (12/3/21) and her body was found on Saturday (13/3/21).
Four members of a gang including a woman involved in extortion cases have been arrested by the East Khasi Hill Police from Palace Hotel in Iewduh, Shillong. There is no receipt book in the name of 'Ki Khlur u Hynniewtrep'
On the other hand, the District Administration has also warned all the residents, especially those who live along the rivers, to be vigilant as the rainfall may increase.
Beloved, that you may know how to appreciate your life, remember that from your good life or from your evil life now, you will receive from God the punishment, or the torment of hell.
Shillong: The leader of the Iada La Ka Ri Group, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, former MLA, has urged the people to be patient as the group is currently in consultation with the Dorbar Shnongs to implement the the revolutionary movement.
If there is a conflict, all those demands will become in vain and the mind will turn to those conflicts.
At the same time, it was also decided to hold a special program to visit the players from the remote areas of Ri Bhoi.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 613 new cases have been confirmed and the number of active cases has dropped to 7741 from 8025 according to the report on the 28th of this month.
Computer Baba, whose real name is Namdev Tyagi, 53, is one of five religious leaders who have been appointed as Children's Ministers of the State Government. recognize this position, since June
This decision was taken at a meeting held at Tuber Takhniang on 19th November.
It may be recalled that the government has issued 52 laws to the Sengbhalang to read carefully, in order to introduce these laws instead of the ILP. organized by the Seng Khasi Lyngkyrdem, will be held on the 26th and 27th June 2014, at the Seng Shad Ground in Lyngkyrdem.
He said that the BJP party has no intention of inviting him to join the BJP party as a prominent leader in Meghalaya and India as a whole. It is only a tribute to this leader who has done many good deeds for the development of Meghalaya.
Earlier, police suspected that the ASAK, a separatist group from the ANVC, had committed the crime, while the intelligence agencies admitted that it was the same group. which abducted and killed these two persons.
Nongpoh: The United Democratic Party (UDP) in Ri Bhoi District will welcome two former CEMs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) after they decided to join the party. The reception will be held at Iewmawlong Nongpoh. The former CEMs include Bah Rangkynsai R. Makdoh, Bah CB Syiem, who is also a former candidate of the NPP. from Nongpoh and Bah RB Shadap, one of the leaders in Ri Bhoi and who is also the President of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar.
Meanwhile, MPCC officials have been involved in a dispute over two issues, one of which wants to give ticket back to Ma Vincent Pala and another who wants to give ticket to Ma Vincent Pala. Ronnie Lyngdoh, MLA of Mylliem.
The prime minister's Facebook page shows that the total number of cases has risen to
However, the Government intends to implement the Ordinance first and after the dorbar it will be passed in the House like other laws that have been repealed.
The ceremony was attended by Bah Dundi C Khongsit, Executive President of FKJGP, Bah Lui Lyngdoh, President of FKJGP North Khasi Hills District, Bah Lumlang Mawnai, Senior Vice President, Banroy Wahlang. Secretary and others.
“I heard once that our President asked me whether I have the money to become president, and they replied that I have served the party for a long time, but Banjop has the money,” he said. Mr. Fernandez.
“The Regional Committees have been given until 31st November 2021 to submit their reports and after that there will be a meeting with all those involved in the preparation of the Whether it is with the MLAs, MDCs or other chief executives, we will discuss the report we will receive and after that we will sit again with the leaders of the Assam government and if we can “It's a good idea to resolve this issue before Christmas”.
He said that after hearing that, as a family, they immediately stopped because the party leaders from above were more interested in another candidate.
The grand finale will be broadcast live on stage at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar Shillong on the 9th October
This child did not cry after birth, indicating that she was in pain.
These items were discovered by researchers including Marco Mitri, Archaeologist, Prof Desmond Kharmawphlang of NEHU, Prof B Myrboh, NEHU and others.
According to sources, the death toll has risen again after the death of another youth who was seriously injured in the accident. He died at 10:40 am this morning at NEIGRIMS Hospital in Shillong.
Bah Embhalang, who was suspended from his duties to install and operate the two wheeler parking lot at the site, said that the sudden suspension of the Deputy Commissioner (DC) East Khasi Hills District, has affected the people who travel with two wheelers because when they need to, they put their two wheelers in these parking lots.
Omelettes and other foods made with eggs: Eggs are rich in amino acids known as tyrosine.
“On the other hand, the Minister urged all the ASHAs to continue their duties from tomorrow on the grounds that the procedure requires them.
Shillong: A dance group from Sumer, Damsite and Umsning villages in Ri Bhoi District has won the second place in the Indian National Hip Hop Championship held in Nagaland. has been selected to compete in the dance competition to be held in Goa from 7th to 11th June this year. will take part.
After Bergeson's death, her father, David Bergeson, said that Danicka Bergeson was a straightforward person who had never had any conflict with anyone in the past. in her life because she is not a person who wants to cause evil or to hate anyone.
This happened in the second month of Jymman.
“The Secretary of the Village Council, Bah D Kharmyndai, said, “The BDO has not been able to sign the renewal of the ration and we don't know the reason behind it. and he hath delayed the time.
This block is located in the Kharkutta C&RD Block.
The two MDCs intend to join the NPP because of their friends, three MDCs who have been MLAs including Bah RV Lyngdoh, Bah Charles Marngar and Bah Gabriel Wahlang. The Taxi Drivers Union of Sor and Khapsor has already decided to cooperate with the Taxi Drivers Union of Khapsor. East Khasi Hills District will continue to allow odd & even vehicles to enter Khyndailad and Motphran for another month.
It is suspected that he is also the one who is reviving the groups and not defeating them in Garo Hills.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of Revenue & Disaster Management, said that he would like to thank the management of USTM especially under the leadership of the Chancellor, u M.Hogue that the students from the state have been given the opportunity to study at this department which is a blessing to the students of the state.
“As a party or as a personal opinion, I feel that this Act should be repealed.
If we want foreigners not to get jobs or enter these beloved hills, we must surprise people that our people should work for many days. or to appreciate and respect the work they do or live by, so that the work of various works may go smoothly and orderly without interruption.
If we recall the statement of the Minister of State, Bah Comingone Ymbon in July this year, he had already said that Aadhaar is not necessary in Meghalaya,” said Bah Marbaniang.
It is learned that the meeting will take place before the ethnic parties form a synronp group to form a coalition government in
The fare for 6 km will be 91 tyngka according to the government price.
Shillong, Jymmang 26 : 21,40,453 voters (excluding Sohiong Constituency) will decide whom to elect from among 369 candidates in 59 constituencies tomorrow. The 11th Legislative Assembly of the State.
In a statement, KHNAM also expressed its concern over the intention of Bah Adelbert to contest against Bah Thomas Passah who is the Vice President of the party. He is also the President of the State Youth Wing, whom the party has decided without prejudice, but through the work he has done for the development of the party and especially the community. many public issues.
He also praised the Hima for continuing to preserve the customs and traditions until now.
However, the strength of the NPP in the coming days will put pressure on the UDP despite its alliance with the HSPDP under the umbrella of the Regional Democratic Alliance.
Rida added. “Even before I ate the jyntah, Rida's father didn't come home.
“In my recent meeting with industry groups such as the CII and the Federation Chamber of Commerce and Industries (FICCI) in New Delhi, we discussed the ways to improve the “It's a good idea to have a factory in Meghalaya and how it will help achieve the goal of making Meghalaya a T.10 billion state in revenue by 2028,” said James.
Wallambok said that although the group tried to come inside, but they could not do so, after the strong wind and this is what caused the problem. group of your own to find or rediscover the path.
The Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parish (ABVP) West Jaintia Hills on Saturday held a training camp for its new members at Chiliangraij Dorbar Shnong, Jowai on Saturday.
After this, the employees of the Council as understanding people have dispersed, but their strike will continue by striking until they receive their salaries.
The plane was to carry Indians abroad or on the Vande Bharat Mission.
He said that as an MLA his duty is to bring about development but as an MDC it is to preserve the customs and traditions.
Sources said that while the ADM was returning to Baghmara, two militants dressed in military uniform stopped his vehicle. suspected something of the unidentified men, so he ordered his driver not to stop.
However, there is another time when we may not be able to do this if we are among those who live far away from our friends.
The scorpion is native to Africa.
The Chairman said that they have received information that the 400 KV D/C Silchar-Byrnihat-Azara Transmission line of NETC (Tower No.152) at Shymplong village has been damaged. the ability to collapse due to the construction of the village road by the PWD (Roads) Department.
At these meetings, it was also decided to give public explanation on the need to stand up against the attempt to forcibly impose one language in India and the need to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the country. the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
"Although they have a small population and are still short-sighted and have not been able to uphold the rights, religion, customs and traditions in their journey from one country to another. “La Thynrei ka Iawbei” and writing, reading and reading have disappeared and there is a saying, “The Khasi has lost his books while he was fighting. and from the one side to the other.
God's Word says: “Keep strict watch that how you walk is not as unwise but as wise persons, buying out the opportune time for yourselves. redeeming the time, because the days are evil” (Ephesians 5:15).
Stand firm Khasi – Pnar Youth and People to escape the bloodshed one by one.
It is to be recalled that many State Highways across the state have been damaged by landslides following heavy rains in recent months.
The union urges the government not to be a stumbling block in this regard as it is the right of every citizen and if the Meghalaya government does not allow the AIM to hold this “It shows that it does not respect the Constitution of India as well as the decisions of the Supreme Court and High Court,” said Banshai Marbaniang, Chairman Awaken India Movement. Meghalaya.
All the parts that exist, we will look at carefully and carefully.
“Regarding the construction of the NPP building, I would like to point out that there is something wrong, because in the RTI they have not been able to provide the documents to prove that they have received permission. before you build this building"
Bertina Lyngdoh, one of the writers in the media and the first person from the state among the visually impaired to complete her MA in English and completed her National Eligibility. Test, she said that if you look at the statement of this candidate that even he has a mental disability if he still believes that those with disabilities cannot participate in society, “if you're just saying it without thinking about who it hurts, it makes it clear that you too are still in the midst of a mental breakdown," she said.
Shock : a sudden shock, a sudden shock without thinking; ïuhtdong bseiñ is a 'tienkaplang' that expresses the feeling of touching the beak of a bseiñ.
The KSU has ordered the closure of these shops until they have been cleaned according to the rules laid down by the FSSAI. These shops are Appayani Tea Stall in Laban, Babua Tea Stall in Lumshatsngi, Dada Stall at Red Cross and Ruma Das Tea Stall at Laststop.
JSU Moodymmai President Nevercare Passah said that the house has been destroyed and the roof has collapsed and there is no adequate toilet and drinking water.
Therefore, though the Kmie has spoken to him, he has done this; but because Rida didn't listen, she didn't listen.
On the other hand, U SE said that there has been a proposal for this Sub-Station and it is still pending and the Seng will continue to monitor this.
The union has also received complaints from the people about the deterioration of the road from Umktieh Nongshiliang to Nonglum, Umroi.
We must understand that sickness is the wages of sin (Acts 12:23).
Before I go there, let me go back a little to the past.
Furthermore, a policy will be developed for the implementation of recreational sports such as River Rafting and Paragliding which have caused tragic incidents in recent years. They didn't leave because they didn't have that physical strength in the games.
He said that the Act stipulates that the Rangbah Shnong must issue a syrnod of residence to any resident of the village “We don't know whether the mynder who comes to stay for one or two days will get a syrnod. “If you don't give a syrnod within five days, it will be a big shame,” he said.
North Liberty HSS beat Jowai Govt UP RMSA 1-0 while Kiang Nangbah HSS beat Police Public School 2-1
US President Joe Biden also visited Egypt in November last year and met face-to-face with El-Sisi.
He also reminded that smoking not only affects the person who uses it but also affects the environment because the users after they have finished, they spread the tobacco without looking at the fire in the tobacco. whether it be burnt or not, it causeth the forests to burn, and the fields to burn.
This makes the planner believe that in the city it is completely different.
He said that the Catholic Church in Pynthorumkhrah Parish is a memorial to the work of the overseas missionary, Rev. Peter Schiavon.
Besides, he also gave advice to the members of the kur especially to the young men and women to take responsibility for their education and work.
The meeting was conducted by Nelbi T. Sangma, in the presence of Bah HS Diengdoh, MCS Retired Ranikor Civil Sub Division and current NPP candidate from Mawkyrwat Constituency. the elderly, the parents, and the young.
The strength, courage, understanding and wisdom that follow to ensure that it moves forward.
Reward Khriem, Joyfully Shylla, Regina Lamo.
“Kata spirit cob.
As a young man, he is in the midst of a mental crisis.
The Minister of Agriculture and Farmers' Welfare, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh on 11th November launched the export of Sohniamtra to Dubai at a meeting held at the Integrated Agriculture Training Center (IATC), Upper Shillong in the presence of Bah MLA RV Lyngdoh. , Mylliem Constituency and other senior officials of the State Agriculture Department.
The winner of the competition was Lakyntiewshisha Tang from West Jaintia Hills District, the second prize went to Ibakordor Khriemmujat from East Khasi Hills District and the third prize went to Melita Maring from Ri-Bhoi District.
Bah Monarch ShabongI have never seen the President of the party in the State show his power face to face against the Chief Minister of the State, although the shows of power are frequent. The Congress party in Meghalaya.
Kynshi, November 21: The UDP Youth Wing Mawthadraishan Circle will hold the Excellence Award 2022 on 10th July 2013 at Kynshi for students from Mawthadraishan Constituency who have scored 80% SSLC and above in HSSLC and SSLC. examination.
Congress leader in Andhra Pradesh Shaik Mastan Vali also took part in the victory celebrations.
There will be a reception of the Word of God and the Sacrament.
East Khasi Hills District has won 359 medals in 23 sports events held in Tura, West Garo Hills District. East Khasi Hills District has won 359 medals. namely 132 gold medals, 105 silver medals and 122 bronze medals.
In this regard, Meghalaya coach Ian Vincent said that these two youngsters are those whom he has trained in the Umtrew River and he is pleased that Pynshngain has been able to play. They won the silver medal in the Khelo India tournament.
Those who earn money such as labourers, vegetable & fruit vendors, car owners and so on.
Many MDCs expressed their concern in the House over the loss of Block I and Block II especially the problems faced by the people living in these areas bordering with Assam from time to time.
Also present on the occasion was Donald V. Thabah General Secretary Sengkmie who took the lead in appointing office bearers for both the Circles.
In the college category, Shillong College won 3 gold, 3 silver and 7 bronze medals. St Edmunds College came second with 3 gold and 1 bronze medals.
The JSU has criticized and asked, “Where is the glory of our district when the Head Offices are still being demanded to be relocated from the headquarters of the district.
With this initiative, the Prime Minister has taken off half a day from her mother's job to cut wood, light a fire and cook. other activities to increase the income of each household.
Shillong, Jymmang 08 : A 20-member delegation led by Bah Dipshon Rynthathiang, Chairman, MSOA, in the presence of Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, MSOA, continued their podium finish committee. The Phase-2 Sports Talent Identification will be held on the 8th June 2023 at Demdema C&RD Block, West Garo Hills District, at the basketball ground of St Francis School, Mronggre.
Shillong: The office bearers of APSTA under the leadership of Babu FC Shullai Genl.
Jesus said that we need first to seek God and His righteousness and the needs of our human lives, God already knows.
Police said that they seized 500 liters of heroin and 400 liters of heroin were thrown on the ground as they found it difficult to carry it. The beer and heroin were taken to the Excise office.
Mawshbuit Village Council, today 12th November 2022, has opened its own Boxing Training Center and at the same time its own Boxing Training Centre, in the village known as Mawshbuit Boxing Club together with the Training Center at the Community Hall of Nongkhlaw Village.
It is worth mentioning that in the past few days , leading UDP leaders like Bah Bindo M Lanong , Dr. Jemino Mawthoh have made it clear that now is the turn of the UDP to take over the post CEM because they have allowed other parties in the past and until now, when asked about this, Bah Tein said that everything will depend on the arrangement of the party.
“We want to develop it in such a way that the Government, if it develops it, will not discriminate against anyone and will be accepted by all the ethnic groups in the State,” he said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The Khasi Jaintia Butchers Welfare Association (KJBWA) on Tuesday said that the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh across the Meghalaya border has caused a shortage of cattle in the state.
The Seng in the meeting with the woman has seen with her own eyes, the suffering and misery of the woman especially because she cannot work due to the injury to her leg since she was shot in the bullet. that riew bloodthirsty.
Therefore, these leaders said that as a sign of unity and confidence in the District leaders, they have decided to leave all as office bearers and members of HITO from Ri Bhoi and to continue their service. The Ri Bhoi Youth Welfare Organization (RIWWE) has been established since 2017 with the aim of serving the people of Ri Bhoi, said Bah Kenny Nongrum. .
The final will be played from 3rd to 16th October
You are from Umroi, you have joined the party of Bah G.ki, Biliah, you have stayed behind? Follow your father who is your leader.
When inquired, Arman said that the order to require the students to wear uniform has been issued by the Governing Body of the College.
" Linda said.
“As members of the KSU, it doesn't matter whether you are injured or killed for the sake of the nation, for the sake of the bright future of the future generation.
The Dorbar Shnong Caroline Colony has invited all the land owners from the Community Hall of the Dorbar Shnong Caroline Colony to Jowai Bypass Road to meet the Waheh Shnong on the 13th May regarding the construction of the land. on the road.
The age check will be held on the 20th of this month at Dommawlum Square, Pyndengumïong, Mairang from 10 am.
Shillong, June 1: The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday implemented a bill to amend the Meghalaya Excise Rule issued by the Government on 23rd July, It is also the need to close down liquor shops or wine stores near highways, schools or colleges or near churches and hospitals.
The actions and beliefs of the Jews were evil.
VH Pala in his speech praised the good work of Rotary International and congratulated the old and new members.
The bench, headed by Justices DY Chandrachud, LN Rao and US Ravindrabhat, asked the Government of India what its views are on its digital system. they will register before being injected into CoWin.
However, the sad and surprising thing is that besides many places where the work has been completed, there are still contractors who have not been able to complete the work.
Regarding the request of these five persons to register their names which was opposed by many churches and civil society groups, the government has set up a committee of inquiry with magistrates. He said that the Lyngkhat wants the magistrates when investigating the case to investigate from the village authorities or the Raid authorities.
The students said that in fact they do not want the teachers to leave school because without them, we cannot get knowledge and education.
Up to 80% of these cases occur in the urban areas of Shillong.
He said that the fight against Covid-19 is not only the responsibility of the government alone, but all the citizens of the state.
The list of students has also received new job offers from Adani Group, Berger Paints, Everest Group, EXL, Godrej Consumer Products Ltd.
The winners of the Teaching Learning Material (TLM) Exhibition Competition were first from Mawkyrwat Presbyterian Secondary School, second from Christian Principle's Academy Secondary School and third from St. Thomas RC Upper Primary School.
The incident occurred after some TMC supporters tied the Scorpio of the group led by Habibur Zaman which was passing by.
“I will issue an announcement tomorrow to set up this committee,” he said.
As long as this system of election of legislators continues, it is certain that the country and the nation will be destroyed and will continue to fall into the traps of lawlessness.
However, while a person is working only with his hands, he can accomplish only a little each day.
He resigned after the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma announced that the government will set up the Ranikor Civil Sub-Division and the foundation stone will be laid on the 10th of next month.
They also approved the speech of the Governor tomorrow in the House and others.
Admitting that most of the charges against the members of the party are related to bomb blasts, Bah Sadon said he remembers that in the talks to drop these charges, AK Mishra (MHA Advisor North East) has already said that there are not many successful activities of the group.
This was announced by the DC of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Mairang.
The BJP leaders in Meghalaya have admitted that they have received offers from several people who have expressed their willingness to contest the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong seat on the BJP ticket. The party has not yet given any approval.
“We will take a decision on what to do regarding the MCCL,” said Tynsong, although he did not agree that the government intends to shut down the dewbilat factory.
In 2018, the allegations of corruption against the MUA II government led by Dr Mukul Sangma have become so severe that it is felt that not a single Congress MLA will win.
“One of the most important things is the confidence to say no to drugs and the youth who are more advanced should discuss and explain to others about the harmful effects of drugs,” said Bah Banteidor. He expressed his satisfaction that through these tournaments, the youth have been given the opportunity to develop their skills.
He was born in Punjab in 1899 into a Sikh family, but later converted to Christianity.
The Second Division Football Tournament of the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) has begun on Tuesday with 1apmala UTD SC and Lakadong Umlatdoh SCSC winning on artificial turf. which is in the Tree of Life.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Brolding Nongsiej congratulated the Sordars and office bearers of the 22 villages who were invited to encourage him. The constituency is in the midst of peace and order and this day is the day of commemoration for the inauguration of these foundations.
In fact, the biopic was expected to be released this year but due to Madonna's travels, it had to be postponed.
The District Administration under the leadership of Additional District Magistrate Lyngkor Kynjing and Executive Magistrate MA Challam on Monday visited Iawmusiang to inspect the shops and vendors in Iawmusiang as well as commercial vehicles. 'Vaccinated and Not Vaccinated', however, it was found that many countries did not use this term which refers to vaccination and non-vaccination.
So that the farmer benefits greatly.
I come from a lower middleclass family and I have no doubt that my parents are happy because they have been able to work for the Government, even if it is in their but they are confident that our children's lives are happy and they have no doubt that they will be able to feed, raise and send us to school.
Police and rescue teams have continued to clear the debris from the highway.
Shillong, June 12: Darrang village has been without electricity for six months due to the breakdown of the transformer, which supplies electricity to the village, near Dawki, War Jaintia.
Legislate – Legislature is where the members of the Legislative Assembly discuss and discuss issues related to the enactment of laws in the state to govern society.
They also said that many of the school children are slow to reach their schools due to the poor condition of the road and this problem of the people is not new where the people have been facing problems for decades. The leaders are looking at the problems of the people.
All the belongings inside the house were destroyed including the crops.
“Although we face many problems in many villages, we don't blame anyone because without roads it is difficult for the people to accept other types of development works in the villages. “We want the government to fight for the road in this area,” said the Rangbah Shnong from Mawmang.
Shillong, Iaiong 6: Police on Saturday arrested a woman for demanding money from a man for T.4 lakh by sending an SMS from her. mobile.
Speaking to Rupang, Harijan Panchayat Committee Secretary Gurjit Singh said that his team has not yet taken any decision. that there were still many ceremonies they had yet to perform.
The Dorbar Shnong Ratacherra has visited Malidor to repair the road in Malidor which was built by illegal stone traders from Assam on Tuesday.
On the other hand, the Contractor told the Seng that the Department has not been able to pay the remaining amount, how to start a new one.
On the other hand, the farmers after inquiring into the delay at the Disaster Management Office, said that the government is facing a severe shortage of funds. funds.
The winners received cash prizes of T.4000/-, second prize T.3000/- and third prize T.2000/- along with a certificate.
“If we take a bus from Motphran to Mawlai Petrol Pump, they charge 10 tyngka while if we take a taxi, we have to pay up to 30 tyngka,” he said. one is the mother.
There are three candidates from the ruling Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) parties, the UDP, the PDF and the NPP. half the time of Ranikor.
Mix a little shynrai with milk and drink again before going to bed.
“Instead of resolving the issues of the students, these two men tried to harass the students verbally and in writing,” said Banerjee. lose your trust in these people.
“The appointment of them in the past was due to the shortage of officers in the Lokayukta so we have appointed retired officers to run the work of the Lokayukta,” he said.
They were decorated with balloons and coins and in the room, “Welcome” was written.
Mawsynram is all right.
In this 2023 election, the candidates must obey the orders of us the people.
If the MLAs are wise, they will find ways how to use this scheme to support the youth in employment especially for employment.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Khraw Lyngdoh, who conducted the meeting, Bah K.Nongphud and Rangbah Dong Bah K.Kharumlong who congratulated the participants at the end of the programme.
Other speakers included Bah Bhalang Lyngdoh, Bah R Wankhar and others.
Khasi people don't know how to beat us.
I am also waiting for the government to do something for us.
He said that the full state of Meghalaya is not enough without making Tura the capital during the rainy season.
He said that as parents, they have to carry a heavy burden on their shoulders to have the responsibility to look after the needs of the family, to work hard to earn a living and to guide their children in the right path. especially to provide them with education and a happy life, but as a parent he also has a great responsibility to shape the society as we live in this age full of struggles, evil deeds. , the acts of violence.
He said that the demand of JACATAM to take over the teaching post by the government is a standing demand and not only the salary increase for adhoc teachers, he added.
“The people want the Dorbar Shnongs and office bearers to act with transparency and impartiality,” said Bah Blah.
The 1.43-minute video of the song has reached 30,000 views through Source: @SangmaConrad/Twitter.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Namdong Area Unit led by Juhhi Tariang General Secretary KSU together with the leaders of Namdong 'B' Village led by Waheh Shnong Ma DS War today visited the Namdong Area Unit. Namdong PHC in order to combat the outbreak of Covid-19 in the area.
“The All Adhoc LP Primary School Association (AMALPSA) holds fast to the decision as agreed and has closed the name of JACATAM from 20th June 2013, we will continue until the end,” he said. said Bah Khardaw.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has sent a statement to the BJP saying that it should not demand the implementation of the Inner Line Permit unless the people of Meghalaya win the election. BJP in the Assembly elections to be held soon this year.
At the same time, he said that soon Mawiong, Umjapung and Mawiongrim will get water supply to every household through the Jal Jeevan Mission and this will be achieved once the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act is fully implemented. 2005 (MGNREGA).
These Rohingyas have been scattered throughout India.
However, it is said that Bah Aiban did not listen to them and chased away and threatened those who tried to come to his aid by saying that he would break into the night if they came to harass him.
My brother and 8
One of the Congress leaders in Meghalaya, Vincent Pala, has alleged that the BJP and other allies are getting married just for the sake of self-improvement.
He said it is also necessary to see that there is strong opposition that the UCC has faced in states like Meghalaya, Mizoram and Nagaland where most of the residents are Christians.
Speaking to reporters, Bah TR Marwein said that the police have completed all the necessary procedures and have released these nine persons according to the rules.
Shillong: The State Government has decided to proceed with the construction of a railway line in the Khasi Hills as it did in Mendi Pathar, Garo Hills, if the Indian Government accepts the decision of the House of Representatives. state to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP).
On the other hand, Commander Shangpliang, President of the Meghalaya Film Makers Association (MeFliMA), congratulated Bah Paul Lyngdoh as the Minister in charge of Arts and Culture. Culture who visited the area to prepare for the construction of a cinema hall for Khasi films.
Why is it called a tank? I don't have a chain instead of a tyre.
Another newcomer to the squad is all-rounder Rajesh Bishnoi.
He said that if the PWD (R) department delays in cleaning up the road, it will affect the people and the residents if it is necessary to transport the patients at night.
The death toll from COVID-19 has risen to 1,326 from 1,002 in the past 24 hours.
Besides taxis, there are 35 Shillong City Buses, 194 Auto Rickshaws and 17 buses in the Shillong Region.
Article 16(4) provides for the State Legislatures.
They also requested the government to refrain from importing jhur from abroad as most of the jhur from Assam like Mankachar, Singgimari and Krishnai are from Goalpara District. The transportation of dry fish is from Jagi Road, which is one of the areas affected by the Covid-19 pandemic in Assam.
He said that after receiving the report from the IITG, the Umiam Bridge will be strengthened so that it will be stronger even after its lifetime.
Mynsngat opened the scoring through Heltwis Pyrtuh in the 45th minute and Living Suja scored the first goal for Nonglatem.
Terrance Jyrwa was named Man of the Match.
“The government should use the same stick for everyone and not discriminate,” said Bah Lanong.
The top candidate on the list of 7 candidates will be investigated and taken care of.
Some of them -said they ended the conversation by saying that they could not say anything yet and would inform if necessary.
In the Long Jump U-14yrs (Boys), Kyrshanboklang Lyngkhoi of St. Joseph Hr.sec won the title.
“The BJP has not been able to get a single woman in the 16 NDA-ruled states to become Chief Minister,” he said in the Rajya Sabha.
Speaking at a meeting after the inauguration of the dam, Conrad said the government will spend about Rs 400 crore in the next three years for the construction of the dams. so that the people will not face problems in terms of water supply and these ponds will provide services for agriculture, drinking water and other needs.
He said that the JSM will come forward to strongly oppose the Government's plan to turn the State into a commodity.
Fr.Teibor Lyngdoh, Parish Priest of Nongpoh, other Fathers and Sisters also took part in the Holy Mass. Nongpoh MLA Mayral Born Syiem, Umsning MDC Macdalyne Mawlong, Marian Maring, Sunshine Makri and other dignitaries were also present. The Catholic Women's Union, Shillong Archdiocese.
The meeting also discussed the issues in these border areas but due to the lack of people from Karbi, the meeting was adjourned without taking a decision.
Victor urged the party members to inform the people about the BJP's actions to insult the farmers and the policies it has introduced which are a threat to the country and the people.
The agreement was signed on 3rd July 2015 by NSCN-IM General Secretary Thuingaleng Muivah and Indian Prime Minister Ravi in ​​the presence of Narendra Modi. prime minister.
I would also like to urge if possible to arrange in the right way, so that it will not affect others when holding such tournaments,” said Daphiralin Jyrwa.
Noting that the place where these people gathered is not less than 200 meters from the polling station, he asked why they were fighting in front of the polling station and the vehicle of the President Mahila. and he stood in that place.
The AO has accepted the letter as a complaint and after this the AO has summoned both the parties and the Dolloi Nartiang on 10th July. 2016.
The government's encouragement to fish farming is only for their own benefit and profit, just because they see examples from abroad they think it is easy to do business in our country too, ko Farmers don't be fooled, look at the example of those who have turned their fields into fish ponds, how much they have been able to earn from those fish ponds but what we find most of the time is that even those farmers They have to buy fish from the shop if they want fish and not from their own pond.
In the year of the protests, the Syiem has guaranteed that there may be a violation but the police have filed a complaint against the Syiem and this is sad to see”.
The Joint Secretary to the MHA said that he will convey to the Government of India all the suggestions and outcomes of the meeting. Session of Parliament for discussion and approval.
Haggai 1:12.
Speaking on the occasion, the JACAC leaders said that they have held this public meeting to get the support of the people to express their opposition to the 'Khalai' camp in Bhoi and also to remove it. repeal of the 'Khalai' Act in the State.
The Government has awarded the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) with a check of 28,91,216 tyngka after the players won the title and honor in the tournament for the first time. Meghalaya has reached the final for the first time.
How many more times will it take to talk to implement the ILP and also to resolve the border issue within the state? Many times the demands for ILP and demarcation have become election campaign issues of some political parties.
Other speakers on the occasion included Bah Ransom Sutnga, Chairman, Bah HS Suting, Secretary.
“The hasty action of the MDA government is just a desire for fame and even now they claim that they are the only ones who can, but in fact, they are not the only ones who have affected this. mat, but because the leaders of the past were wise, they decided to leave this behind rather than lose thousands of square feet, land and now on our part, we have already provided all the documents. pages in what is not related to these places"
In the 75 kg category, Atlanta D. Shira of Lion's Den Unisex Fitness Center Tura won the second prize, Raj Kumar of Power House Gym won the second prize and Krishna Thapa of Power House Gym won the third prize. Chandan's Gymnasium.
Shillong: “I am happy, I am still feeling,” said Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, who is one of the leaders of the opposition to Aadhar in Khasi Jaintia Hills.
Jowai, July 03: Residents from all over the schools in Jowai city have gathered together to welcome the New Year 2023 on Tuesday. After this, they held a Carol performance.
Dr Mukul said the NDA government should force Bangladesh to ensure that the insurgents cannot hide within its borders and that their land should not be used. the land shall not be used by the wicked.
As the Nurses of Meghalaya who are working privately and contractually now we want to inform you the government about the suffering we are facing salonsar Government we request you to think about us So we come before your honor To explain the needs through poetry To express our suffering That you will listen and accept and implement.
During the meeting, they also discussed the plan to hold examinations in the state in accordance with the directive of the University Grant Commission (UGC) to hold university examinations in November.
There are 587 and 443 cases in East Khasi Hills respectively.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 18: The DG (Prison), RP Agarwal today arrived in Nongstoin District Jail to conduct a surprise inspection of the Nongstoin District Jail at Phodkynthei. The DG (Prison) was also present, Bah KK Mawa SE, PWD (Building) Shillong.
On the other hand, the Sengbhalang leaders also requested the government to pay special attention to the talented youth athletes of the state. Foreign countries lack income and face many challenges because they do not receive assistance from the government, but this is the time when the government should focus on the talented youth so that the sports industry can grow in the state.
Nongdawah will now wait for the winner of the second semi-final on the 15th between Nonghali and Nongkhroh Rim.
“According to the agreement, it is clear that if the Municipal violates any rule, the Hima Mylliem can take back this land.
Until now, Pynursla area has been a cow trade hub where hundreds of cows smuggled daily to Bangladesh despite the BSF patrolling from Mawlieh.
Shillong, Jymmang 21 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today expressed the hope that the scientific mining of coal will start from this year.
In the Police Bazar area, the Committee will inspect Thana Road, Jail Road, Police Bazar Main Road and Khyndai Lad Point.
Regarding the damage to the church, a special meeting of all the religious leaders from different churches was held today. There are five villages in the Umroi area and at this meeting, they decided to assist in the construction of the rynsan prepared by the Umroi Presbyterian Church.
It is learned that many of the coal owners from Lum Jaintia, who are the big owners, have gone to Assam Quarry and work there. by the Ton.
“What secret relationship does the BSF have with the BGB to allow the BDR to enter the Indian border?” asked Myrchiang.
Let us read Order 'A' of the OM dated 10th June 2022 which talks about the issue of Quantum of Reservation, and it reads – “The reservation of posts for Scheduled Tribe and Scheduled Caste shall be according to by Resolution No.PER 222/71/138dated 12th July 1972".
Not only that, when we turn to the eastern part of the state, it does not have a clear border, Assam is still occupying land almost all the time and many places have gone to Assam.
His presence on this occasion will also be a great opportunity for him as a member of the Regional Committee on Border Dispute, to explain to the governments of Meghalaya and Assam that the Langpih sector should not fall under Assam but should have Beat in Meghalaya.
“On the other hand, the party strongly condemns the statement of the Achik Conscious Integrated Krima (ACHIK) against the VPP and Bah Ardent on the issue they spoke in the Assembly regarding the Reservation Policy and “We will be with the VPP in relation to their demand,” he said.
The tourist spot is about 20 km from Shillong and has 20 log houses.
When asked about the government's intention to implement smart meters in the state, Dutta said the government's intention to implement smart meters is good, useful and They don't have to spend time paying their electricity bill at the office, but they can pay from home using their mobile phones. online payment.
He said that one of the allegations was the creation of a new village and the issuance of certificates to the Sordars in Krang. The Executive Committee of the Hima Sohiong.
The celebration will be held today, November 15, 2018, at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
This comes after the state announced to continue the internet ban until July
Congress MP Vincent H Pala on June 4, 2013, on Tuesday said that the BJP has forced the National People's Party (NPP) to declare to the people of the state that they are the party. same.
The victory of Bah Phrangki was announced by the Returning Officer of JHADC in charge of the Election of Dolloi, E Shylla after the counting of votes at the JHADC office, Jowai.
The foundation stone was laid by the then Prime Minister, DD Lapang, on 1st June,
The tournament will be held regularly and the NECDC also plans to hold a senior womens tournament for children of different ages in the future.
“The TMC leader doesn't want to fight from Meghalaya but from Assam and there are leaders who wear red juti in Assam and white juti in Meghalaya. I'm sorry,” said Bah Tynsong.
“There are 11 areas in Meghalaya where drones have delivered medicines and before November-April, we look forward to improving the service. to 25 places,” said the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh.
Tudu said he will personally visit tomorrow to inspect the implementation of these schemes.
Training for officers in Meghalaya will also be conducted soon in preparation for the Assembly elections in June
Meghalaya scored 107 runs off 273 balls for four fours while Narleng scored 67 off 142 balls. thlieh eight times that
" said Mr. MH Dkhar.
KSU Sahsniang Unit President Y. Lathong and H. Syngkon General Secretary of KSU Sahsniang Unit said in a statement.
Shillong: U M Chuba, National President of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and BJP leader in Meghalaya, has accused the political parties of the state of being mere political parties. Riewlum, even if they are proud and claim to be recognized organizations in the country, they have to bring a bowl and collect from Delhi. Chuba Ao, on the other hand, Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister and National President of the National People's Party (NPP), said that he does not know the reason for the incident. The BJP leader has said that he himself is a Northeast resident and should know better how the working methods are in the Northeast.
“Wanglet treats us like slaves.
Momin said that the Prime Minister did not read their writing, but turned away and drew a line and said that the demarcation of the border will be like you have drawn this court.
Furthermore, he expressed his regret over the increase in the number of children who drop out of school part time and urged the teachers to try to find out the reason for the number of children who drop out of school part time.
On the other hand, the union requests all the units under the jurisdiction of the Circle to attend the meeting.
Thank you to those of you who agree as well as those of you who disagree with me.
At present, the preparations for the 2018 elections have started by visiting houses in their constituencies especially in the rural areas. The people have decided whether to vote for the Congress party.
Also present at the meeting at Phulbari were Rajabala MLA Dr Azad Zaman and Selsella MLA FCA Sangma.
There is a saying, 'Beat the devil,' if he demands praise.
The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply), Amlarem Civil Sub informed that the ration under NFSA (AAY & PHH) and Non-NFSA has been released through the ration shops until 15th July
God created and allowed all creatures in their own colours, forms to grow and flourish freely and all creatures have a place, live together and grow in the presence of God.
He also threatened to take tough action against the worst offenders.
Leaders of the RBYF Nongpoh Circle, including Bah Joseph Syngkli, President and Bah Fullbok Lyngdoh, Secretary, visited these electricity posts. but the most dangerous thing is that these electricity posts, which have been well maintained, can collapse at any time and which can also injure the residents of the village.
He said that although he has been a contributor to the party in various fields, for 7 years no one has given him the opportunity to do any work. resigned.
“While the drug dealers have been detained for five days, those involved in drug trafficking have been punished,” he said.
A landslide also occurred near Lad Bakli in Dangar area which affected traffic and traffic jam.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 17: The FKJGP Riangpoit Unit has expressed its deep sorrow to learn that the violence against women and children has spread even to the rural areas. countryside.
Shillong Lajong FC have won the first match of the 2nd Division I League this season with three points. home at Polo Shillong.
Jowai: Police from Shillong and East Jaintia Hills together with the Excise Department have seized 3000 liters of illegal liquor and arrested the owner of the liquor. from Sakhain village in Sutnga district.
Jowai, Naitung 12: In a statement sent by the General Secretary of the JSM, Samla S. Suchiang, the JSM wishes you all a very happy Behdieñkhlam. to all the children of the land.
The lanot is not faithful.
“According to my knowledge, I don't think there is any such project in the North East without mentioning the North East and it is very difficult to prepare whether it is in design or in “It's a good idea to have a job,” said Conrad.
“The cost of building the Secretariat will not be less than T.500 crore but we cannot get an exact estimate yet as the design has not been completed,” he said.
Rangdajied United beat Nangkiew Irat 3-1 in the first leg on 12th November.
“In him was life, and the life was the light of men” (John 1:4).
And his last word on the cross was a PRAYER to his Father.
The meeting condemned the killing of Bittu Kumar Patel and expressed concern over the indefinite closure of petrol pumps.
On the other hand, Samla Sambormi Lyngdoh, Publicity Secretary of the JSM, said that the JSM is deeply concerned about the increasing number of cases of rape in the state. The JSM has strongly warned the District Administration of Jaintia Hills that if the District Administration grants bail to the perpetrators, the JSM will not refuse to leave. by a strong mass protest for the peace and stability of the girls of the state.
Police of the Women Police Station, Ri Bhoi are conducting investigation into the incident and will take action under the POCSO Act.
They continued to beat Manipur (by 51 runs), Mizoram (by 3 wickets), Arunachal Pradesh (by 180 runs), Nagaland (by 134 runs) and 10 runs. Mizoram (by 107 runs) in the semifinals.
He said that the Hima Mylliem collects about T.5 lakh per month from the market dwellers who number about 4000 people. “I don't think they have used the money properly,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ.
Nongstoiñ: The District Magistrate of West Khasi Hills District, Bah T. Lyngwa has issued an order to extend the lockdown in West Khasi Hills District from 14th to 17th July
The shortcoming here is that the Anti-Defection Law which was passed earlier has been declared illegal by the Meghalaya High Court and has also been upheld by the Supreme Court.
Newhill, Mookaswan Dongnein, Myrjai and Pammanik won the 3rd Division Football Tournament organized by the District Sports Officer of West Jaintia Hills District.
The contractor said that the contract was for the work from Deendayal Upadhyaya Gram Jyoti of the central government.
“I have come to this point to participate in the UCI MTB Eliminator World Cup 2022 in Ladakh, thanks to your encouragement,” said Maitshaphrang.
The shira is made in this way.
Finely's election came after the Annual General Meeting of the Athletics Federation of India (AAT) held in Chandigarh from 27 to 29 this month.
The issue of wearing uniforms, the Daju has become a market story, a street story in these days, where the people are wondering where those daju dressed in blue blue have gone, because earlier they were It has been seen in the newspapers that the Iewduh has been destroyed, but until today no one has seen those Daju.
Hundreds of members of the Black Panthers, who gathered in front of the Stone Mountain Confederate Memorial, demanded the removal of the statue. statue, which is believed to have been built by a group of Ku Klux Klan leaders.
Other political parties including FKJGP, HNYF and AJYWO as well as commercial vehicle drivers' unions were also present on the occasion.
Schools and petrol pumps were also closed on Tuesday.
These places, which could become popular tourist destinations, remain under the cover of forest debris as they have not been developed.
Appealing to the public for their support, Anni said that Daphisha is the first girl from Meghalaya to reach this level and through the support of the public, she will be able to reap the harvest. this is the struggle.
Besides the drugs, two mobile phones and a Hyundai Eon were seized.
Khliehriat, July 28: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement Narpuh Circle on Tuesday met with the head of Topcem Cement Pvt Ltd. The HANM Central Body members were accompanied by the leaders of the HANM Central Body, who expressed their opposition. The company is located in East Jaintia Hills District.
He said that the tribal idea does not mean that people in this region and other parts of India are exempt from paying taxes, that they can buy land and get citizenship. tribal.
At the same time, the President has announced to the people that they should stand with the Union and support this demand from the government as it is not the responsibility of anyone. but it is the gain of the people in the good.
Because of the light on the land, the price of land will also increase significantly.
The Forum also said that the reason for the conflict is not the theft of timber or the border, but the presence of the revenue gate of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council.
It is also their right to earn as much as they can in this largest market in Khasi-Jaintia.
The Joint Action Committee against Umngot Hydro Electric Project which includes Darrang, Raid Lynshing, KSU, FKJGP, JSU, TUR, Tourism Management Group and other farmers' organizations have demanded from the Prime Minister that Conrad K Sangma to immediately suspend the Umngot Hydro Electric Project.
Shillong, Naitung 25 : The Department of Sports and Youth Affairs of the State Government will honor the medal winners in the 2017-18 season in various categories (regional/zonal/national and international).
The footbridge connects two schools, Marianhill Higher Secondary School and St. Mary Mazzarello Girls' Higher Secondary School. person.
The name of the key is still valid.
The residents of the village, said that they can no longer tolerate the production of pum pum, as it has affected the residents.
Regarding the appointment of the Pandit, the court said it did not want to interfere but gave advice and time to the villagers for 10 months to arrange for it by taking advice from religious scholars. Hindus to appoint a qualified Pandit.
On the other hand, Prestone is regarded as the father and son to lead in Khasi Hills.
If the NPP takes this demand to Delhi, the Central Government cannot think.
Experts from across the country's leading health institutions together with experts distributed information and training to the participants of this one month training.
This season, Leverkusen have won 51 games in all competitions this season and now victories in the remaining two games will make Leverkusen win 3 major titles for the first time ever.
The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has forecast continuous rainfall in Shillong and surrounding areas followed by heavy rainfall in parts of Shillong. of the state.
“Hep, will you leave tomorrow or will you leave in the morning?” asked the brother.
On the other hand, the Minister said that while there were only 3 crore students from minority communities who received scholarships before 2014, now the department has providing meals to about 5.2 crore students in the last eight years.
Police in Ri Bhoi District through the Anti-Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) on Tuesday received a tip on the presence of people who were trying to smuggle banned drugs from Silchar to Guwahati. They conducted a search operation and seized a bus number AS24-C-9855 near Umling.
According to a report published in 'Live Law', a website that publishes news on laws and regulations, on Sunday, the Central Government has written that marriage between a man and a woman is which shall have no basis in the marriage and shall not be affected by any interpretation of the law.
Although the colors of the indigenous peoples are a way to promote and preserve their indigenous customs and traditions, the colors and forms of the present age have reflected the original images of indigenous life in the past. quoted from snaps of traditional tribal photographs.
At the same time, Shillong received 78.3mm of rainfall while Umiam received 79.7mm of rainfall.
Shillong, November 04 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday congratulated the BJP party for winning the MLA elections in three states. Sunday and Monday of the week.
In the 55th minute, Iaraplang scored another goal for the team through an assist from Nisilia Majaw.
At the meeting held at Jatah Village, the Committee also elected new leaders including Bah Anandapbor Mangu as President, Bah Corensius Manih as Vice-President, Bah Mathias as Vice-President. Mynsong, as General Secretary and others, besides nine Advisers, including Bah Edmund Marten as Chief Advisor, other Advisors including Bah BD Laloo, Bah Alos Nongpoh, Bah Rojen. Sten with others.
God promises, "And the LORD shall take away from thee all sickness, and shall put none of the evil diseases of Egypt, which thou knowest, upon thee.
According to the family members, the incident may have been caused by the father, Bah Benedict Kharmuti (35), who killed his two children and then committed suicide by hanging himself.
Macmillan Byrsat said that the opposition under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma should read all the 302 page decisions of the Supreme Court before criticizing any part of the court. The decisions of the SC have been read out, and it appears that Dr. Mukul Sangma has misled the public as it appears in the newspapers.
The government has distributed food items to the children such as rice, dal, jhur, umphniang, and a salary of T.
Sini will now represent India at the 71st Miss World pageant.
He said the party should be beautiful and attract the youth and the elderly through its goals.
He said that there should be accurate records of the cleaning method and the transportation and covering method.
The chairman of the NERPF said that as small ethnic parties, they should unite to fight for the same goal for the benefit and betterment of the region.
Niranjan Rabha Asst.Manager-Projects, NETC and others.
To make laws, to make laws.
Shillong, 'Naitung, 02: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare on Tuesday clarified that the medicines distributed at Marten on the 29th of last month have expired due to the lack of access due to the outbreak of COVID-1
The WhatsApp sender, who claimed to be Shira, also sent pictures of himself and said that the man wearing commando uniforms and blue clothes was Jingjal and the other. Nengsrang Sangma, the new Secretary and Second Incharge of the GNLA, was wearing a blue towel.
Three security guards of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma were injured on Tuesday after being stoned by the crowd.
Police have recovered the body of the deceased from a forest area under Mawryngkneng Police Station, said Superintendent of Police Bikram D Marak.
The number of these women who have children is sometimes estimated.
On Tuesday, there were 273 cases in Assam, including 203 in Guwahati alone.
Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, will hold Transport, Industry, Soil and Water Resources, C&Rd & Home Guard.
The first report was released by Dr. Nicklas Brustad, a researcher on the Copenhagen Prospective Studies on Asthma in Childhood (COPSAC) at Gentofte Hospital and the University of Copenhagen in Denmark.
The CAG report said that the investment between Government Companies including Statutory Corporations, Joint Stock Companies and Cooperative Institutions amounted to T.3,240 at the end of 2022-2 T.2,745.32 crore has been allocated for companies in relation to electricity companies.
Although the public awareness campaign by the Meghalaya State Pollution Board has already ended, the clashes between the people and the police have continued.
SHILLONG: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has promised to introduce a party constitution bill if it comes to power in KHADC and JHADC; The elections for these two councils will be held on 27th June.
The tournament, held on November 10, 2023, marks the beginning of the festive season.
They were taken to NEIGRIHMS Hospital for treatment.
The Dkhar woman is still in custody.
Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Ritiraj Ravi, said, “At about 11:30 pm, one 37-year-old and one 20-year-old were arrested. On this suspicion, a mob of about 200-300 people arrested and bombed the village.
Let us revive this new year and what is needed is to end this five years full of mistakes,” said Bah Paul.
He said that if the number plate is not installed on the new vehicle, then the tax, which is T.10 to T.15 thousand, will have to be paid, but if the tax is not paid, then This number will fall under the ownership of the State Government.
He said that the HYC will not hesitate to demand the ILP even if it is imprisoned or shot dead. The members of the HYC are ready to fight for the people.
The hour passed and I didn't hear that my mother had come to work. “You've come,” said Hiram to his mother who was still entering from the balcony of the house. “I will be in trouble if this continues.
He said that the Borkhat Bridge has been completed after he came back as MLA. He urged the supporters to elect their leaders on a firm basis because according to his survey, only In Amlarem (area) he can get up to 20,000 votes, he said how the residents do not support because all the development works from the water supply road have been completed in many villages in Amlarem Sub-Division.
Speaking to Rupang, he said that although the road is bad, hundreds of vehicles pass through it every day and in just two hours of repairs, the number of vehicles passing through it has increased. wealth.
Today, it was reported that the earthquake was stronger than yesterday.
At this meeting, they decided to request the government to temporarily suspend the Khaii market in Tamabil.
Jowai: The annual Behdeinkhlam festival of the Sein Raij Jowai has started on Friday and will end at the Syiem Aitnar Pond on the 14th of this month.
“I have eight-nine months left to complete my five-year term as Governor.
In the first leg, Nonglang SC played against Maitshaphrang Girl Football Club in a very interesting match with the skill of the players from both sides, but as the minutes went by, Nonglang SC won. Nisilia Majaw scored the first goal in the 5th minute of the second half.
The life of Soso Tham is full of difficulties and challenges that he has faced since he began to ring the proverbs and lights of the past in the form of poetry and literature of the Khasi. , one of the reasons is that there are very few people who encourage or support him because many people think that he is only a teacher who has completed his education at the primary level.
Meanwhile, BJP General Secretary David Kharsati said that Dip's joining the party has shown that the lotus flower has blossomed in North Shillong constituency.
MEPA President RM Shabong said that MEPA has so far appointed four leaders.
“The government should ban the khar selling madan, selling juti, selling shana, selling jain from Motphran to Khyndai Lad because it has deceived the people and sometimes it is like a blessing without a blessing. “It's a good idea to have a market vendor on the streets,” said Bah Lamphrang.
The Secretary of the Bank's statement as published in the newspaper has confirmed that there is a terrible corruption in the KHADC. If you are an officer or an MDC, you should not be punished.
It is learned that the foreigner, who came to work at the factory as a guard and last night had a night map from 10:30 to 6 pm, but Even before he reached the workplace, he was killed by unidentified robbers.
(Psalm 127), as humans we can do what is best for our home and family- Yet the future is uncertain.
The second chargesheet was filed in April 2019 against Upen Basumatary and the third chargesheet was filed in July 2021 against five other NDFB members. In November 2016, the High Court sentenced Pradeip Barman to life imprisonment.
Initially, a meeting was held with the residents of four villages in Nongkynrih including Football Ground, Lyngdoh Ground, Mawkynring and Wahtyngngai.
“It was also suggested that the Expert Committee should include five members who are qualified in their respective fields as per the notification and the government has directed the Search. The Committee will expedite the selection of the names of the people to be members of the Expert Committee,” he said.
However, he has also brought fame to the State and the country as a whole and in the next few days he will leave Shillong to take part in the tournament to be held in Kashmir.
About 50% of children in Meghalaya are ill and do not grow up because they do not receive nutritious food from birth and the health care in the State is very poor.
Shillong: The athletes of the Meghalaya Kickboxing Federation (MAKO) have brought pride to the state at the National Kickboxing Federation Cup 2020-21 which was held at Dehradun, Uttarakhand on 7th March. to 10 June 2021 where they have earned 12 medals including 6 gold, 2 silver and 4 bronze.
When asked, Rakkam said the outstanding salary is only two months, as the Government has already paid the salary until November last year.
He said that after careful consideration by the Executive Committee, it was found that the Bill does not meet the demands and calls of the people and civil society from time to time.
With the aim of preparing the Khasi people to live and rule in the midst of the changes to come and to prepare for self-government, the Khasi National Dorbar was established at its first meetings. from 4 to 6 November, 1923, in the meeting room at the home of Rev JJM Nichols-Roy at Goalapaty, Shillong.
These children of the ninth Trep are Khynriem, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Maram Lyngngam and Muliang.
Speaking to reporters, Vincent H Pala said the reason for the suspension was because the Special Protection Group (SPG) did not allow Rahul to use the 20-year-old Pawan Hans helicopter. of age.
Most of the residents and citizens use Jio and Airtel.
The meeting was opened by the memory of (L) Tobias Manar, former MDC.
Thai scientists have seized 19 species of these lymbit and will test them for the coronavirus. They have seized 200 species of lymbit. They are lymbit, which have different characteristics, from many of the crematoria in the country.
The ticket price is T.
In fact, Bah Ronnie, who holds the Department of Arts and Culture, has been invited to be the chief guest at the 150th Anniversary Celebration of Rabindranath Tagore by the Department of Arts and Culture. 3:30 Pm.
Besides the chief guest, other officials included the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, Bah Garod LSN Dykes, Bah HK Thabah. Balarina Syiem, members of the Meghalaya State Badminton Association, as well as officials from the West Khasi Hills District Badminton Association and others, who also received various awards.
It is for this reason that we understand that the word Jaintia means a place and we are one nation.
However, I would like to say one thing, you friends who have been blessed by Conrad and Prestone, please have a spirit of gratitude, if you don't, remember you will not change,” he said.
Police, who have registered a case under sections 326/307/34 IPC, have registered a case against Bahkong under sections 326/307/34 IPC. catch him.
E.Shylla expressed his concern for these farmers who have been affected by the disaster, because of their time and hard work from the farm to feed their families and children. hands and other household items have been destroyed by the wild boars.
It is reported that Diesel's fall occurred while he was filming a film in which he had to fall from a height of 30 feet and that he had a cable to hold. The cable collided with Diesel's head and fell to the ground while he was filming a film at Warner Bros Studios, Leavesden.
At the same time, he urged the youth who have been trained to make the most of this opportunity for their future, not to come without the spirit because this will lead to many problems in the future. existence.
The bakha left them there and said that he would come back to see them. After that, some people started to turn around.
“The PHE distributes water and conducts the test to praise itself, in fact the test should be conducted by the health department because it is related to the health of the people,” said the President of KHNAM. YC Thomas Passah while talking to reporters after meeting with Bah Hek.
He said it is surprising that the church has been ordered by the Syiem to pay up to T.5 lakh for 10,000 sq ft to be used as a cemetery while the land has not been allocated. the Empire could retake it if necessary.
When inquired, the Chief Minister said that the MBDA office will be relocated to this place, not for people to stay and the quarters in this place, will be relocated from for the employees of the municipal department and are suitable places for the accommodation of the employees of the Municipal.
There is also a console or system to operate these devices and this system is operated by an operating surgeon or a doctor who is trained in the field of surgery and the doctor can see clearly this part. they have no cleansing.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma, in reply to a question by Process T Sawkmie MLA, on the arrears of government employees, said in the House that 30% of the arrears of government employees 1⁄4th and that is 7.5% of the total arrears.
It is a pleasure to reach the semi-finals and we hope for the best to get the holy fruit tomorrow,” he said.
Vehicles coming from CS area are not allowed to pass to Polo Market, vehicles coming from Rynjah, New Colony to Saw Furlong are not allowed to pass to Lailad Langkyrding or Nongmensong.
On Thursday, 31 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, one person died, bringing the death toll to 1457 in the state.
The price of hilsa fish ranges from T.600 to more than T.1,000 per kilo in the market.
Therefore, as the residents, they expressed their gratitude to the leaders of AKHAF for doing these good deeds to come to their aid at such a time.
The purpose of the investigation by the District Judge Ri-Bhoi district is to find out whether there has been any overpayment to the land owners who have lost their land for the construction of Kad Lengsuiñ Umroi.
“If they don't, we have no choice but to hold a protest,” said Bah Passah.
However, the government has increased the salaries of teachers while forgetting how to improve the students because it is not interested and has no intention of increasing the salaries of teachers and government employees when it cannot be improved. the way of reading for school children.
On this occasion, the Chief Executive Members in a meeting with reporters today expressed their surprise that even the President of India recognizes them, but the CEM of KHADC said he does not.
However, the main reason why Bangladeshis migrate here is not religious persecution but economic factor. Bangladesh is one of the most populous and poorest countries in the world. , with 163 million people, 44.3% of whom are absolute poor.
Satan could not allow them both to live in peace and righteousness.
“As for the game plan, he kept it simple.
The chief guest on the occasion was Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency in the presence of government officials and the public who came to witness the women's tournament.
Further down there is a heart stone which is covered with marble. This stone has been shaped like a heart since ancient times and inside this heart there are streams of water. me in the middle.
“I bought the shop with Md.Riaz's money, I built it with his money, I worked and I took money from him, I can't pay his debt anymore. “He said he wanted my shop, I gave him the shop by asking the Hima to tell me about the problems I faced,” said Bah Donbok.
In the announcement of the results of Class XII (Science), out of the 10 candidates who came first, nine candidates came from St Anthnoy Higher Secondary School and one came from Laban Bengali Boys Higher Secondary School.
Shillong: Police in East Khasi Hills have recovered the body of a woman from Umshyrphi River in Jhalupara today.
It is also a Center which has trained many youths in Jaintia Hills and elsewhere through various Skill Trainings from time to time.
The problem of the farmers is that besides cultivating and caring for their crops, they also have to find ways to market these crops.
“One department of the central government says that Aadhaar is needed while another says that Aadhaar is not compulsory,” he said.
In fact, it is the right of children under RTE to attend any school or to sit at any examination centre.
At the same time, while speaking on the issue of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) of Assam, which collects taxes from vehicles carrying synsar from areas under Meghalaya, Margnar said: He said he had raised the issue in the Legislative Assembly in the Budget Session, where the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma had promised to take up the issue with the Chief Minister of Assam.
This was announced by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on 21st November,
The sources said that if the HSPDP had gathered all the political parties, as it has done this time, before the office blockade, all the parties would have joined hands.
In one day, 240 cows, 240 pigs and 160 goats can be slaughtered using modern equipment.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The Second Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prof. RC Laloo today inaugurated the Blood Bank of the Civil Hospital, Jowai. in the presence of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek.
According to sources, the army officials said that the soldier is mentally retarded.
In the past, only Dkhars used to shop in Bakur market but due to the nationalism of the people of Bakur, now the businesses of foreigners have been destroyed.
Rakkam, who is also the Finance Secretary of the Nongal Command, had earlier escaped from the police when police found him and shot him from behind while he was raping a young girl.
These drugs were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh through the border areas of West Jaintia Hills District, Meghalaya.
Cricket players together with the officials of the Cricket Association took part in the blood donation.
The covid19 pandemic should make us look at the hard work of the ASHAs. ASHAs are the soldiers who fight to bring about health, not only during the pandemic, but now more than ever. fifteen years since the scheme was launched in 2005.
Under the leadership of the Magistrate of Kamrup, the Assam Police accompanied by the Assam Police, today raided the village of Pahambarngi Barapathar, Umtyrnga, Ribhoi District. 10 buses or 400 personnel of CRPF (men and women), Rapid Action Force and Staff of Survey Land Record Department of Assam.
The order to suspend the bridge was issued by a junior officer of Jrikyndeng Police Station, who is only a Sub Inspector. .
The 14 organizations have announced that the three-day night curfew will be in force across the state.
Many people like to try to cook a variety of foods in their spare time, but they lose this opportunity because of the pressures of life.
All residents and shopkeepers in the village are urged to follow the government's directives to stay away from crowded places in order to fight against the coronavirus.
Dkhar also admitted that the MeECL management has delayed the demand for payment of salary before the 10th of each month under Section 17 of the Wage Act.
“Why does Bah Prestone Tynsong listen, why does he complain after he has been appointed minister, where are they? Why don't they gather with their fellow ministers to discuss this,” he said. “They are the ones who praise Dr Mukul as the best”.
These schools are already the foundation stones that prove that this area is the rightful part of West Khasi Hills.
The UCC has been enshrined in Article 44 of the Constitution of India from the beginning, but no Government has ever implemented the UCC. Especially in India, where there are many different religions and ethnic groups, it is difficult to enforce the rules and regulations, which must be followed by all.
The program concluded with a welcome speech by Wansalan Lyngdoh, Secretary of Sports and Games KNGCSU, followed by a cake cutting ceremony and a welcome drink and jam session.
“The MUA-II government has amended this Act, but the party does not agree and there is no room for the government to do so,” said the HSPDP in a letter to the Governor.
Banteidor said that as a party, it is the duty of the leaders and office bearers to work together to develop the party and especially the MLA elections in
However, if there are other men of ours who are worthy of rank and wealth, those nations mynder have sent their beautiful women to line up our men to marry and take advantage of it. custom “Tang-jait" of our custom.
“These two families have done massive corruption and done great injustice to the people of the state.
According to the biscuit farmers of Mawthawpdah, Laitlawsnai, Rangdikhiew, Pyndenmawramhah, Mawsaw and other villages in the Shngimawleiñ area, The price of biscuits has been very low since the beginning of harvesting and after a few months the price has dropped suddenly from T.30/- tyngka to T.9/- tyngka while now it has dropped to T.1/- tyngka.
Sep ain't chosen to be a leader, But he turned to sympathy.
Tomorrow, if other kinds of prayers are held at the Prime Minister's House, at the Governor's House, at the Secretariat, at the Iingthawain, what shall we say? We have to accept it without hesitation.
There was a time when a young man also drowned in the same river but his body was recovered by blocking the river with a jar.
He said that the joining party on this day is only for the leaders and other supporters will continue to join the UDP party in the coming days to come to their villages, and this is like a A great blessing and an opportunity to continue to strengthen the work of the party in Mawhati and Ri-Bhoi as a whole.
Police crackdown on Amritpal Singh and his Waris Punjab De party began on October 18, a few months after he and his supporters raided their office. Ajnala police station near Amritsar on the demand for the release of the arrested person.
They should be encouraged to read books from the school library, or to take part in games, drawing or other activities that stimulate the minds and imagination of the children.
The Dominican Republic won by 17 goals in 12 minutes from the end of their match in Mar del Plata.
It would be even better if the national parties, from the UDP, HSPDP, PDF and KHNAM, would unite to contest the elections.
The competition will serve as a prayer to show strength for the struggles in
In the Under-17 boys category, H Elias beat OM Roy Memoral HSS 1-0 with Henry Nengnong scoring the winning goal in the 42nd minute.
Nongpoh: The Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District, today rejected the reply received by the Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District, on the RTI request regarding the petrol pumps in Ri Bhoi District. The RBSU has met with Kong RM Kurbah, DC of Ri Bhoi District, to demand a more detailed explanation on the RTI. The presence and operation of Petrol Pumps across Ri Bhoi.
MeCAW has also demanded the appointment of a non-resident as the new Vice Chancellor of NEHU. (L) Prof Barrister Pakem has been the Vice Chancellor since
The death toll from the coronavirus has risen to five with the death toll of an Italian woman who was found three days ago and died today in Jaipur, Rajasthan.
However, it should be clothed with humility and gratitude to God the Creator.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, Arpit Upadhyaya said that tobacco is also a pathway to drug addiction.
The total number of cases has risen to 26 and 24 are undergoing treatment, said Dr Khoirom Sasheekumar Mangang, Additional Director and Spokesperson of the Health Department.
The BJP Karnataka in connection with the selection of Kantara to perform at the United Nations and also the speech of Rishab Shetty at the UNHRC has expressed its special congratulations to the tyngshop for bringing honor to the people. this state.
Videos of the shrieh, which plays video games, will be released within a month, Musk said.
In a statement, Mawrie said that Bernard Marak was released from police custody against all odds and despite the best efforts of the NPP government to keep him under lockup.
According to the count, 88.69% of the voters in 1-Nartiang, 85.95% in 2-Jowai, 88.56% in 3-Raliang and 88.56% in 4-Mowkaiaw. 91.05% while 7-Amlarem won with 90.98%.
The make up and hair styling was done by Mediora Mylliem Umlong. The film was produced and produced by Larry Suchiang.
Nongpoh, November 24: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Northern Region in collaboration with the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Northern Region in collaboration with the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Pahammawleiñ Circle on 23rd November drugs and alcohol and child marriage in this age where many young people drop out of school part-time.
These foreigners from these countries will not be allowed to reside in the areas under Schedule 6 and the CAA will not only grant citizenship to all these foreigners. without circumstantial evidence.
The young Donald said he lied that he denied being the leader.
Shillong, June 15: The MGSPHSVA on Friday demanded that the State Government should immediately implement the Act, “The Street Vendors Act, 2014 and signed by the President of India.
Israel touches the whole world, touches heaven and earth, because it is under the Promise of the Word of God.
Recalling his interview with the students in rural schools, Conrad said that the students have been sitting in classrooms in the hope that they will become more intelligent but without using modern technology and online courses will be very difficult.
The candidates announced by the PDF today are Harbinus Lyngdoh (MDC) from Umroi constituency, James Ban Basaiawmoit (MDC) from Pynthorumkhrah constituency, Highlander Kharmalki from Mawryngkneng constituency and Sarita Lyngdoh. Leston Wanswett of Shella, Councilor S Wahlang of Mairang and Bah Synranlang Nongshlong of Rambrai-Jyrngam.
Nongpoh, July 19: The brave deeds of Heprit Angelica Tynsong from Pahamrioh Village in Ri-Bhoi District, have brought great pride and honor not only to her family, the village and the community. Ri-Bhoi District, but also the state as a whole, after the Central Government has awarded her the National Bravery Award.
“This is not the first time that the Dolloi has done such an act but other refugees who have been attacked by the Dolloi have not dared to come forward against the Dolloi,” he said. u Paving.
The SP of East Jaintia Hills, Giri Prassad M, IPS, said that the seizure came after the police have stepped up patrols ahead of the elections in the state. search of vehicles in parts of Umkiang area.
“We are still examining the site for the Block Office,” said Sniawbhalang.
On the same day, the BSF seized 24 cows worth T.4.49 lakh from Jaliakhola, West Jaintia Hills.
In fact, they live a life of hardship, suffering, trial, and poverty.
Regarding this issue, Nongsiej said that he has already spoken to Metbah Lyngdoh MLA Mairang who is also the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. After the elections, if the party is in government, he will fight as much as he can to return these villages to Mawthad-raishan Block.
On the other hand, the Trishakti Corps has conducted a thorough search for 23 missing personnel.
After this, they heat more and more to maintain the stem colour, and the temperature should be from 100 to 120 degrees.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 189 new cases have been confirmed and 898 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
The CBI said it had found this from an earlier investigation that the Feedback Unit (FBU), set up by the Delhi government to look into corruption, had been arrested. be certified as having supervised in political affairs.
All candidates contesting the election are welcome to attend the meeting, the government said in a statement.
When asked whether Ardent's actions as shown in the UDP's allegations, are right or wrong if he does, Witting said. “It's not an easy task,” he said, admitting that there may be mistakes and mistakes. a little here and there and it happens in human life.
“This year, we have not implemented loadshedding yet.
She said that the upgradation will greatly assist the people of the area and reduce the need for them to travel to remote urban areas for treatment.
Why does this anxiety and restlessness arise ? It may be because there are some, here and there, schoolchildren whose walking, eating, drinking, dressing and talking styles are not appropriate and think that they are young people. school.
Defender Pajat scored the first goal for Chiehruphi in the 47th minute.
The SP said that according to the information received, these drugs were smuggled in the form of raw materials to other neighboring countries. More and more methamphetamine tablets.
The film, which starred Naseeruddin Shah, Dharmendra, Rahul Bose, Zarina Wahab, Sandhya Mridul and others, is also delighted that the web series has been launched. She was also invited to act in Heeramandi, a web series directed by Bhansali.
But at the same time, Japan is a country that pursues knowledge, prosperity, well-being – progress and progress.
The party has also contested from Mawlai, North Shillong and some places like Mawhati.
This request came after the recent emergence of another federation, the Meghalaya State Karate-Do Federation (MSKDF) which has confused many parents because they don't understand what is the right of the federation. sports that can guide their children in karate.
The project has already cost T.38 crore.
Furthermore, it was found that the schools in Tura and Shillong have the fewest vacancies while in Tura Govt.
“If they want to cooperate with the government, the opportunity is open, if they want to pay the bond, it is good for them,” said Dr. Aman War.
However, during the rainy season, these streams turn over and cause pain to those who live nearby.
Police who were searching for Prasanta, saw in the forest, near Rongsa Awe, that there were five people, who had arrested a man, this morning. , they opened fire, but after a short shootout, they released the suspect.
Shillong, March 28: The Rangbah Shnong Appointment Bill, 2013 is expected to be passed in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) session tomorrow.
He said that this problem will soon be resolved.
When asked how he will act as a leader who has left the party for a long time, but is still being summoned by the government, Bah Living said that he has nothing to say but he will go. check before getting the proof that notice has been sent to him and after that he will clarify on the matter.
Regarding the tragic incidents such as vehicle thefts and other damage to property of people which have happened during these days of ILP protests, the Union has requested the Sengbhalang and Dorbar Shnongs to take action. WB Najiar Chairman, Union of Rangbah Shnongs, Nongthymmai Pyllun, said that the government has not allowed anyone to take advantage of these activities.
Bah Khrawkupar said that the Government through the PWD Department should take action to commission or build these projects.
The MRSSA does not have such a provision.
What was it like in the days of Noah? People eat and drink, marry and get married.
Nongpoh, July 17: After the Syiem of Mylliem Hima issued an order to all the land of the farmers under the jurisdiction of the Hima Mylliem, the Nongrep Synroplang The farmers today led a meeting with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Shillong.
The Chief Minister expressed his gratitude to the NGT Committee for taking this decision and said that this will help the state to earn about T.30 crore and if all the 32 lakh MT of coal in the state will receive T.500 crore.
On the other hand, he said that he will support the Association led by Bah Dewi Khonglam.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr Jemino said that this water scheme is one of the water schemes that he has been struggling to fight for for the people of Nongrah which is a water shortage village.
Speaking on this occasion, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who is also the Minister of Electricity, has sent the HYC leaders to meet with the HYC leaders. that officer of the department.
Shillong, Jymmang 08 : The Congress candidate from Shillong North, Bah JA Lyngdoh on Tuesday welcomed more than 380 leaders from various parties including the BJP, UDP, NPP and also from the BJP. TMC. These leaders were welcomed before the party candidate filed his nomination papers for the MLA elections to be held on the 27th of this month.
The story of the children of Israel is also about the struggle and persecution of the Jewish people from generation to generation.
Tura, June 2: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Saturday announced a Pilot Project through the Payment for Ecosystem Services (PES) Approach to protect the Ganol River at a cost of T.1.20 crore. Chief Adviser to the Prime Minister Thomas A Sangma, Govt.
The villages which have not received electricity so far are Mawiawlang, Old Nongtnger, New Nongtnger, Jynrin, Mawthabah, Nongmalang, Malangmyndia, Langurlieh, Domiasiat and many others.
The lack of electricity by these people has not only caused a huge loss to the Corporation, but also overloaded the lines and sub-stations and destroyed them completely.
The winner of the Padma Shri and Padma Bhushan awards, Waheeda ji has set an example of the dedication, determination and strength of Bharatiya Nari who can reach the heights of excellence through her hard work. .
Speaking to media, MUPSTA President Kenneth Shadap said the group has also informed the Minister about the lack of Non Recurring Grant-In-Aid for 20 years. Adhoc schools such as Maintenance Grant, Infrastructure Renovation and other benefits like SSA schools. The MDA-1 government has said that it will upgrade 844 schools to the Deficit System but due to the outbreak of Covid-19, the MDA-1 government has not been able to fulfill this promise.
“At present, the 21st Law Commission of India has recently said that the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) “is not yet necessary or desirable at this time,” he said. , and added, to continue the implementation of the UCC against the will of the people of the country, will show the incompetence and lack of thinking of the current Government.
