Pahammawlein 20Mar FC, who won the final, received a cash prize of T.20,000 and a trophy, while Kongripara FC, who lost in the final, received a cash prize of T.20,0 A cash prize of T.10,000 and a trophy.
When we look at this, we need to understand the passage of time and we should not rely solely on others in terms of the production of agricultural products.
Jackson A Sangma, who attended a meeting held by the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma and political parties in Tura on Tuesday, has been arrested on charges of He was allegedly involved in the incitement of the crowd who threw stones at the office of the Prime Minister while the meeting was in progress.
At about 7 pm, the storm struck for the second time in parts of Rongjeng and damaged many school buildings.
There is also a comparison of oneself with others and a finding that oneself is full of shortcomings.
On the other hand, the Inspector of Bakur Dawki Market, the Rangbah Shnong of Lamin Village in the presence of the EC members of the village, said that the political parties in Meghalaya are fighting hard to bring peace in the society. , but the people themselves do not understand how to protect or help themselves in society.
“Once the sites have been inspected, the construction of bungalows and the use of structures in many parts of the city will be banned as stipulated in the Meghalaya Town and Country Planning Act,” he said. this Monday.
Reebok Diengdoh, President of the KSU South Khasi Hills District Unit, said, “The police should investigate thoroughly before deciding whether he was the intended rape and the allegation that he did not intend to rape. It is wrong, and no one can know the intention of the person. It is up to the court after the chargesheet or investigation of the person involved because they have not yet decided how to release it to the public through the media. That he did not intend to rape, the union stands according to the FIR that he had many intentions even to kill.
He emphasized the value and duty of us to preserve our customs and traditions and to enrich them as our own before we ryngkoh and turn to the houses of others. he said, 'We seek wisdom all over the world, but we don't know the light of the world.
He praised the Congress party and said that in Garo Hills the ticket race is fierce.
Through this success, the treatment will be an opening for others who may suffer from such a serious disease as well as other respiratory diseases.
The Seng also invites all the Bri u Hynniew Trep to come and take part in this day, so that the purpose of the Seng will be successful.
The residents of Kyllang, have been affected by the sudden storm on the 5th of last month.
At the same time, he urged the people to support him so that he can win the MLA elections in 2023, and so that he can do more. and to help even better for them.
In another Group A match, Uttar Pradesh beat Delhi 5-1
Jowai, July 07: As part of the celebration of World Environment Day, the Meghalaya Basin Management Agency (CLLMP) in collaboration with the District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District has organized a The celebration started on July 2 and ended today at the Lion Mission Compound, Jowai.
Before receiving the award, HDR inaugurated the Congress office in Rangshken.
On the other hand, she thinks that a child who is starting to grow up will do this job if he gets money he will fall into many evils.
The deadline for receipt of entry fees is 9th July and should be submitted to the Hon. General Secretary WJDSA, Ma Lammat and Laloo.
After a thorough discussion on many issues, a new election of the office bearers of the NPP Ranikor Block Unit was held where Nelbi T. Sangma was elected President to look after the Ranikor Block Unit. The office bearers of the NPP Youth's Wing and Women's Wing along with other leading office bearers of the units.
There were those who said that they saw and found that these traders were doing this trade at the time when all the people were asleep, that is, at 2 to 4 o'clock in the morning. They took advantage of the lack of guards on the road, and after buying jhur from these people who live in the Sunapur area, they came back to sell in different villages in the area. The Fear.
Rio said the NERPF has accepted 17 resolutions related to the issues of the North East to be resolved by the Indian government.
They said that this defection from the party has started since the state was elected by the leaders who won from the HSPDP party and the raibi has decreased until today.
The song was sung by Khasi singers, including Ram Suchiang and Dahun Shabong.
On top of these problems, which these residents have been experiencing all along; On the other hand, one of the elders of Ri Bhoi District, Badhok Nongmalieh, urged the government authorities of both the states to consider carefully before taking the decision to demarcate the border, so that it will not lead to any suffering and grief to the residents of the border villages of both the states.
The semifinalists were Prerna Jaswara and Pragya Choudhury from Meghalaya.
Vehicles passing through the containment shall not stop in the middle of the road in the containment area.
On the other hand, the petitioner of the PIL said that the government authorities should take action to reduce the number of students entering schools by private vehicles. severely.
Police said they have registered a case at Khliehriat PS and are conducting investigation.
He added that we should not only think about the election but as a nation we should also think about the generation.
Bah Bok told his mother about the behavior of Peter, one of his employees.
Shillong: The five states of the North East will vote in three rounds for the Lok Sabha elections on 11, 18 and 23 June
As human beings we believe that God has created only our nation and not others.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the festival as the Chief Guest on 16th June, 2024, Bah Banteidor said that the purpose of the festival is to encourage the residents to take measures to improve their income. and the Society was established on this basis.
With the cooperation of the villages and civil society organizations, the tree planting on this day will exceed the target set by the government.
According to Narayanaswamy, the Chief Ministers of the Congress-ruled states will meet the Prime Minister, the Defense Minister and the Finance Minister to demand the increase of 90 per cent of the allocation. 100.
According to sources, many MLAs/MDCs and former leaders of the state have joined the BJP especially after it came to power in the central government and in many states. in the country.
Even the roads that should have reached and passed through these villages, and vehicles carrying supplies and medicines have been lined up and stopped on the roads due to the blockage of hands and earth. which covered and obscured the roads in the area.
After about a few years, the king realized her rebellion against her husband, became depressed and unrepentant, and offered special prayers and asked the gods to restore her husband. a woman in his own image, to be his wife.
He emphasized on the visit to the grassroots group, saying, “We will make the people understand the new way of working.
So Jonah prayed to the Lord his God out of the belly of the fish... because of his distress, out of the belly of hell he cried out and remembered the Lord, “And the Lord said and it vomited out Jonah into the sea.
In fact, before it joined Assam, our country was under the rule of 30 Syiems and 12 Dolloi, also known as the country of 30 Syiems and 12 Dolloi. , because since ancient times they have been the owners of the lands, the villages, the customs and traditions.
The Dorbar Shnong Shnongpdeng urges everyone to work together so that the arrangements of the village will be smooth during this time of COVID-1
The death toll has risen to 38 so far.
The BSF Meghalaya also takes responsibility to work for the welfare of the people living in the border areas of Meghalaya and Bangladesh.
There is a suspicion that the reason for their breakup was that Gerard didn't climb Shakira.
This light will shine for three days.
In the Under 12 boys category, Pyndenkynshliah Lower & Upper Primary School lost 4-0 to Rangjadong Sports Club.
“The Government should not just listen or do whatever it wants, but should look into these things as it examines many issues because many issues have been completed in the examination, but “The FKJGP demands that the Government should take action against this issue because from time to time, Assam has been attacking especially. to the people living within the boundaries of the Khasi Hima – the Hima Nonglang Sirdarship.
He said that a special thank you to Kong Idashisha Nongrang, Special Director General of Police, IPS, who has been supporting us from time to time to this Community Policy Program as well as to the Special Director General of Police. all our Police.
“One of the problems here is that everyone feels that they are the leaders which leads to the division of the Jaidbynriew, the political parties in the name of elections.
Officers whether IAS, IPS, MCS and all government employees should help wholeheartedly to resolve the boundary of the state as well as the Dorbar Trai Ri from the Hima Dorbar, Elaka Dorbar, Raid Dorbar. , Dorbar Shnong and Dorbar Kur to take action to protect and maintain their border and also to give their right hand and left hand to protect their border.
He said that if it is true as witnessed in the media in the past few months, the Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, has said that if there is no against this Government's plan to bring Marten into Nonghali will continue.
According to police sources, the incident happened on the 28th of this month at about 10:30 pm, while she was coming to pick up When she arrived home, her daughter confessed that she had been raped by her father.
The seriously injured was identified as John Resman Syiemlieh, 29, of Kynshi, the driver of the truck (ML 10-9938). the village of Nongspung.
I am very happy to see that this road has been completed.
“One of the conditions signed in the soskular is that if the Meghalaya government takes or not takes electricity from NTPC, it will have to pay Rs 133 crore per annum. This for the next 25 years will reach Rs 3,325 crore,” he said.
Nongpoh: After receiving information that some foreigners who came to work on the road in Madan Umwang and Umsoh Phoh areas under Raid Nongtung, some of these foreigners have tested positive for COVID-1 -19, yesterday, members of the Khyndewso Unit of the HYC, drove out the Assam Police Battalion, who tried to enter Khyndewso village, Block-2 in Ri Bhoi District.
It is for this reason that the trees and seeds planted by the wind or birds grow well in the streams and near the rivers.
On the other hand, Bah RL Blah, said that when the Governor returns from Delhi, the SNSBH will meet again with the Governor to find out what he discussed in Delhi and what. the decision is made.
Shillong, March 07: U Bah Anthony Kongwang, one of the biggest supporters of Bah Prestone Tynsong in the last elections, who has decided to contest against him this time, has said that it is not in line with the issues and the issues. The MLA and the NPP have taken this decision to join the United Democratic Party (UDP).
Therefore, the working group invites all schools of this district to take part in this competition.
“In fact, I was ready to appeal against the contempt of court on the 6th but in the evening I received the order. I, as the Director, have sent a copy of the same order to the Court so that the Court will know that the Government has implemented its orders.
He said that the police department is working to create ways and means to reduce such crimes and to help those who fall into the trap. women police officers in all districts so that the victims can feel more free to report what happened to them.
During the meeting, the KSU urged and requested the DC to review the agreement signed by the Chief Ministers of the two countries. state which was on that date.
Indian mother.
Mark A. Laloo tied 40 runs off 22 balls and Sunny Marak scored 24 runs off 26 balls.
There are 29 days left to vote and it is necessary to announce the candidate as the MP constituency is far from Jaintia Hills to West Khasi Hills and Ri-Bhoi district.
More than 477 signatures were received from friends, relatives and neighbours.
The Minister, the Engineer (PWD), the officer, the peon all demand their share and that is why our roads are so bad.
According to these women, if women get the opportunity to become voters, they will have the ability to work and understand the problems faced by women in the state from time to time. Many kinds of evils should be eradicated in the society and in the villages.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The House today decided to set up a committee to monitor the fight for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution.
In the pressure of my friends I am like a liat.
Chelsea beat Manchester United in the Premier League on Saturday afternoon, with both teams scoring two goals each.
“For the MDC election, we are confident that as we have seen the strong wind blowing against the VPP and the people have given their strong support to this new political party in the election. “It will be for the election of MDCs as well,” he said.
In addition, it contains more phosphorus and potassium than these fertilizers that we get from humans or animals.
And the Laodicean Church is the time of the last Church. From the beginning we know that demons use people to destroy others through the spirit.
The duty of MePDCL is to supply electricity from the signs installed by MePTCL to the consumers and to maintain its own machines and lines of 33 KV and 11 KV.These three corporations or companies should have their own Chairman, Managing Director, Secretary, Board of Directors (BoD) and others in order to manage their own affairs. Companies as provided for in the Act and to better serve the firefighters and to earn profits.
Speaking on behalf of the youth athletes, one of the youths urged the government to turn its attention to the youth athletes so that they can do better without any problems. Through the Sports Minister, she will look after and sympathize with the problems of the young athletes.
On June 25, Msgr.
HYC Rimulliang Circle President Chester Kharbani President HYC Nongstoin Circle and Samla Wanteibok General Secretary HYC WKHD were also present on the occasion.
When searching for the root causes of these problems, the reason has been found clearly and that reason is that the Khasi are selfish.
In the WUSHU, Punjab came first and Jammu came second.
This was announced by the lawyer for the candidates who filed a complaint against the government, FM Quereshi today in the city.
"(4) Obedience to Jesus' words brings blessings. We have seen the power of accepting Mary's counsel and Jesus' command to the servants that brought joy instead of sorrow. .
On the other hand, about 19 people were seriously injured and 3 others were injured.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Pasyih-Garrampani Road in the presence of the Symbud of the Chief Minister. , Prestone Tynsong and other Ministers of the Government.
Netflix CEO Ted Sarandos has already met with South Korean President Yoon Suk Yeol in Washington regarding Netflix's plan.
They also expressed their surprise at the lack of attention by the Excise Department, which is in charge of the illegal sale of kyiad. The Excise Department, but it is surprising that those who have worked to crack down on illegal drug traffickers have not been found, but have been found by us who don't know anything and this may be something. behind" he said.
Father Sangma on 17th July, said that there will be a meeting in Tura where there will be a motor bike ride for peace.
Shillong, Lber 30: The Flying Squad of South West Garo Hills Police have seized 1 kilo of heroin, 76,765ml of heroin and 35000 ml of alcohol is available for Salman.
Besides the lifting of the Containment Zone in the villages near Ampata, the DM of Ri Bhoi District has also lifted the Containment Zone in the villages near Umsamlem. Those who are at home or close to those who have been infected with COVID-19, are not allowed to go anywhere.
He said that the Bramhaputra River can bring many benefits to the people of the eastern part of the country as the floods have affected the income of the people of the eastern part of India.
Here we understand that Meghalaya has been wrong since 1977 when it started implementing this Act and now we are at the point where there is no place left.
The Russian leader said that although the war has been going on for more than 10 and a half years, no one has dared to start or bring about a nuclear war. He said that Russia has hundreds of thousands of powerful nuclear weapons and that the sky will be filled with hundreds of thousands of Russian weapons at that time if that happens. .
"He thanked all the people who came to attend the meeting.
Khliehriat, July 16: Borghat village in East Jaintia Hills District, today has been affected by heavy floods which have covered all the roads and land. RC Upper Primary Borghat School has been affected by the floods which has occurred today due to the heavy rainfall which has lasted for three or four days.
However, he said that the HYC has not prepared for the 2023 elections, but the HYC urges the people to support the party through these issues. issues that the party has been demanding from the government and also through prayers.
Even the PHC in the whole area does not have to go to Riangdo CHC. For those who go to higher classes they have to go to Riangdo, Nongstoin, Shillong or Guwahati.
Lambor was welcomed by the CEM of KHADC at his office in the presence of the Executive Members (EMs) of the District Council.
Worse still, he knows how to think only for his own supporters or only for his own constituency.
The BSF officials promised to take action but said they need the cooperation of the villagers so that the security on the border will be strong.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, some of the small shopkeepers in some areas said that perhaps the reason for the closure may be that the shopkeepers went to vote.
He said that according to the 1st Provision of Sub Para (6A) of Para 2 of the Sixth Schedule, the Council allows the Council to postpone the elections if there are sufficient grounds.
That is, to put the wheat in a hole about two and a half or three feet deep, and about three feet wide.
The Scooty (ML 04 D 2601) and the Tata Sumo (ML 11 1969) were identified.
Even during the Covid-19 pandemic, APEDA has not lagged behind in its activities and has continued to promote its export preparations through the Virtual Buyer Seller Meet in collaboration with the Embassies of India in to discuss with buyers and FPO/FPCs from the North East regarding the supply of sohtrun, sying, sohjew, Soh ñiamtra and others.
Commenting on the accusations of some groups on the silence on the issue of recruitment, Bah Paul said, “It is easy to shout and shout, but it is difficult to do. and three.
Restom Rymbai was elected president, Kamni Shylla, vice president, general secretary, Embhahlang Sariang, asst secretary, Heipormi Suting, organizing secretary, Phrangki Kyndait, asst organizing secretary, Arwotki Myria, Agriculture Secretary. -Medri Mynsong, Asst.Agriculture Secretary- Linus Mukhim, Sport Secretary- Nidalam Rymbai, Asst Sport Secretary- Pham Pakma, Information Secretary- Eddie Son Pariat, Education Secretary – Shawit Sariang, Chief Advicer- Ma Loo Challam 65 years old of age.
The team has already beaten East Bengal 1-0 and Diamond Rock Football Club from Madhya Pradesh.
Mission Compound Road-Tpeppale.
On the other hand, the Minister said that he has already directed all the Deputy Commissioners to take the necessary action if they find that there is any price increase.
On the same day, the Minister also distributed awards to the winners of the March Past who took part in the celebration of the 40th Anniversary of Independence.
Miss of the Nazarene.
“We strongly condemn this action of the police against the 30-40 people who inject drugs in Meghalaya especially those under the age of 18 years.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 21: The North Eastern Police Academy (NEPA) on Tuesday swore in 377 Police Officers including Dy.SPs and Sub-Inspectors (SIs). They are from Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram, Tripura and Nagaland.
Tangsang also warned that if the stadium falls to Bangladesh, he will not be able to do so by force.
He said that the union has done this to inspect the area, it is also because many of the residents of the area have been complaining about these youths and it is because of this. Therefore, the union is investigating to prevent such activities which affect the morality and also set a bad example for the children in the society.
These nine planets in which we are involved, dance around the Sun, and form a beautiful group.
After the meeting with the Principal, the leaders of the FKJGP met again with the students and during this meeting, there was a discussion between the students and the leaders of FKJGP, in order to bring for the good of the school.
Shillong: The Meghalaya People's Labor Union (MLPU) and four Tourist Taxi Associations have accepted the new fare announced by the Meghalaya government.
This shows that the Meghalaya Games has not been able to provide adequate training to the athletes.
Dr Mukul also criticized the MDA government under the leadership of the NPP, the state is facing a serious problem from unemployment many youths are facing problems despite the fact that there are many vacancies in government offices, because the government MDA has no responsibility, but it has been seen that teachers have to sleep on the streets, ASHA workers have to go out on the streets to demand salaries to support their families.
West Jaintia Hills District won the bronze medal in the Men's Team Event after defeating West Khasi Hills District.
The UDP has already announced and nominated Dr Jemino Mawthoh as its candidate for the upcoming MP elections.
It is very sad and hopeless for us young people who have been affected by such a sudden loss of jobs.
The MR of the state and his ministers are ready to shut their mouths and cover their eyes on the issues that the people demand, if it is the demand of the teachers. their rights, contractors' demand for their rights, students' demand for their meals, demand for education policy, employment, assistance The youth and others, but they wanted to complete this railway line, which was opposed by many.
Six persons, Alfredy Sohtun, Vishah Dev Verma, Bijay Singh, Rohit Suting, Banteilang Kharumnuid and Pappu Deka managed to escape from the scene and hid in the forest while the Jeep was stolen. The vehicle (ML 10 B 0957) was burnt down in the incident.
Regarding the Civil Hospital, Nongpoh, Dr War said that the Oxygen Generator has arrived and the construction is now only to build the pipes to deliver oxygen. The generator for the RP Chest Hospital has arrived in Guwahati and will be brought to Shillong.
This is of benefit to many readers of poetry.
He said that Prestone has promised to talk to the Deputy Commissioner of EJH to fully implement the District Task Force to curb foreigners.
Shillong, November 29: The State Government has no intention of extending the retirement of the Director General of Police (DGP) PJP Hanaman who will retire on November 31,
He also encouraged them that even if they don't have parents, they are physically disabled, they should continue to study so that they can move forward like other children.
This is in the new Parliament while the Lok Sabha session is ongoing.
This is a man of the POP. The rebuilding of the Temple means the beginning of the 7 years called by Daniel “The Day” and within “the day, or 7 years, the 7 years will be opened. the Seventh Seals, the White Horse, the Four Horse, the Red Horse, the Red Horse, the Altar, the events of the Sun, the Moon, the Stars, Revelation 6:1-17 / 8:1-5.
At the same time, about 900 Israelis have lost their lives in the attack and more than 2,616 have been injured.
Compared to last year, this year's results are worse.
Wars of extermination against small nations have occurred since ancient times, when one nation attacks another vulnerable and vulnerable nation.
Therefore, the best way, as in other parts of the world, is for the government to open up opportunities for the youth to stand on their own feet and set up jobs. and also to attract various companies to come and set up jobs in the state, so that they can provide jobs to the youth.
Prestone Tynsong said the goal of the MDA government is to prevent and not allow the illegal coal trade to take root in the state.
Aziz said that some Congress office bearers have disappeared and it is suspected that they have been killed by these groups.
“The MCTA has said that the Supreme Court of India on 23.8.2022 said that the verbal threat is a trick to avoid any problems later”. , has ordered the Meghalaya government to pay the state government allowance to the deficit teachers who receive salary from the UGC and the payment will be calculated from
“On the other hand, the people and village leaders have also expressed their dissatisfaction with the demarcation of the border between Meghalaya and Assam and the dissatisfaction and confusion among the people is the fault of the Meghalaya government. The meeting was attended by the Village Leaders and Hima Leaders who know about the boundary.
Delhi Lieutenant Governor VK Saxena and Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal launched 500 electric buses in Delhi on Friday.
Due to unavoidable reasons and also there have been delays due to festivals in India and government holidays, the time cannot be provided.
However, I don't like the name 'Meghalaya'
The First Division match will be played on the 5th November 2022 between Phanniewlah Rum SC and Mawsawrit SC at 12 noon.
The JSU said that East Jaintia Hills District urgently needs this office as the people involved in this office have to flee to Jowai to complete any work especially in relation to mining. and others and also to apply for mining licences.
“I cannot say anything about this but I have to say that this swine flu has nothing to do with pigs,” he said.
Is it true that there are such incidents as the government and the district authorities do not know?
Understandably, the laws are the strongest in judgment for the common good.
One of the methods of making fertilizer without the use of chemicals is Bokashi fertilizer.
This initiative was taken in collaboration with the Manbha Foundation, in which they will try to give life to those who are struggling against drug addiction through the De-addiction and Rehabilitation Program at Mawlai Mawkynroh Rehab Centre.
Their experience creates a side that they aim to help people in the areas of need.
The strike has reached seven days from 27th, 29th, 3rd, 4th and 5th of November and now the 11th to 13th of November.
“As you speak, the nation will survive because you are teaching the wrong thing, because the movement of other parties is only to confuse the people and therefore we have to see which party can rule the state well,” he said. , added Mr. Wahlang.
“We have thought and are preparing for this as soon as possible, because we cannot spend through the Contingency Fund but we can change the rules of the SRWP/SUWP,” he said.
Nongpoh: The remains of Walinda Binong (19), who passed away on 27th June, at her residence at Mody University in Rajasthan, have been cremated today. The last rites were held at Nongagang Marngar, Ri Bhoi.
They reminded that the Dorbar Shnongs, Raids and Himas have implemented many schemes of the Central Government, State Government as well as MDC, MLA and MP schemes. KHADC in fact should have expedited the implementation of the Acts and Rules of the Kur, Shnong, Raid and Hima Dorbars in relation to Governance, Khadar and Judiciary in the Khasi and Jaintia Hills Districts.
The school authorities said that the foundation stone will be laid to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the foundation stone and there will also be a pre-Christmas celebration by the students and residents. village in addition to other programs.
The PWD (Roads) and the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) on Tuesday submitted their reports on the road from Jowai to Ratacherra which is part of the NH-0
Here the word bol is also derived from the English word Ball which means a ball of snow or snow.
However, it is also very important to give players from different federations of the country the opportunity for their participation in the WPL. Five teams may also select up to five players from overseas in the 1st XI but the fourth player from different teams must be from an Associate Nation.
If the Assam police come at night, they will be arrested and taken to the police station because in the morning they will run away to escape arrest.
“I don't see that the VPP has a vision document for Meghalaya as a whole,” said Sawkmie.
“You think that only a woman will be able to do it.
Today the Christian Churches around the world celebrate Pentecost Sunday or the day of the descent of the Holy Spirit from heaven and this happened two thousand years ago in Jerusalem.
The union has received information that there are many shops of foreigners who do not have Trading License and who have been operating their shops only with the NOC of the Rangbah Shnong. “It has angered the union, which has prompted the union to threaten to revoke the Trading License of all foreign shops in Nongpoh,” he added.
The Government of India's desire to mine uranium across the states including Mawthabah and Domiasiat in Meghalaya cannot be said to be its desire to strengthen itself in nuclear weapons as it has done. This is evident from its failure to sign international agreements such as the Non Proliferation Treaty (NPT) and the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty (CTBT).
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prof RC Laloo, the chief guest on the occasion, said that RTE and SSA are programs of the people and therefore they require the active participation of the people. to make the RTE Act a success.
The body of Dhar was buried on Monday at the village cemetery while the funeral of Khonglah will be held tomorrow.
Why can't we accept recommendations only from the Rangbah Shnongs in emergency matters?
SHILLONG: Mawdieja SC beat Machine FC 2-1 in the One Day Knock Out Football Tournament organized by TULBA, Sohryngkham Unit on Saturday. First.
The people are often cheated and although they get more money, they get it by cheating (money) that does not go to the banks.
The cleaning of urban areas should not be done until the water has reached the neck.
The heavy rains in the past two days have caused floods and landslides around the highways and roads and the most affected are the farmers whose farmland has been flooded.
After a thorough discussion, it was decided that all non-Congress political parties should work together in this regard to bring victory and to end the corruption of the Congress governments.
He said that some residents of the area have reported that they have received phone calls from them to ask for land for the troops. “Some have phoned and tried to find land for the troops,” he said. Bah Khrawbuit Ryntathiang, who is also the Rangbah Shnong of Mawpat.
The documents are said to be titled a comprehensive summary of the Islamic State Caliphate.
Hamlet Dohling, Minister of Urban Affairs, in his speech, said that Mawklot is one of the cleanest villages in Upper Shillong.
According to a statement sent by the General Secretary, Bah Kitborlang Kharmawphlang and Bah Anu Nongbet, Assistant Rangbah Shnong, the traffic from Rynjah to Nongrim Hills through the Nongrim Hills Road without ATM, will be closed. One Way and the Fire Bridge area as One Way.
“Regarding the Cess, the Cabinet has approved to amend the Meghalaya Minerals Cess Act 1988, which has introduced more and more. There are four kinds of earthquakes under this law.
In the men's 21K Elite, the winner was Adisu Bekele Abebe of Ethiopia who finished in 1:02:21 hours. Tirtha Pun of India finished second in 1:04:19, and Too Cheruiyot of Kenya finished third in 1:0 :01.
For those with type 2 diabetes, the ability to eat and drink to their heart's content can be more difficult especially with the choice of unhealthy and unhealthy foods as this can increase blood pressure. They didn't come out in the middle of the heat.
Acts 4:1
The 19-year-old, who defeated two-time world champion Akari Fujinami from Japan in the quarter-finals, fought hard against the Japanese champion. Mongolia won the bronze medal in the women's 53kg category.
That can only be done by completely excluding the athletes of these two countries from participating in any tournament.
It is extremely dangerous for political leaders to play with corruption which affects the poor.
This happened at Hynniewmer near the weighbridge of the Transport Department.
When asked whether the Rangbah Shnongs are against the government passing a law for them, Bah Lapang said, “How can they oppose when they have not seen and known what is good or bad”.
Shillong, Naitung 11: Williamnagar town has been blessed with the Sohphan Fair of East Garo Hills District on Friday.
During the meeting, they discussed and explained about the share market, stocks, bonds and how to participate in this topic.
He said that these banks are in Scheduled status, which is recognized by the Reserve Bank of India, which shows that they manage their money well.
Explain the thought of the poet in verse three. It really helps me as a Khasi teacher from Assam. Please give me from verse three.
The second phase of the stadium is the construction of the Indoor Stadium at a cost of T.70 crore.
For the Panthers, Md Nafees Siddique took three wickets for 39 runs including the wicket of Charak and Babloo Passah took two wickets for Himan Phukan took one wicket for 31 runs.
If you say niamtre niamkhasi or niam tre is still dum, go and do something and in their secret groove you'll see how god will enter inside you and make jesus snt you to disturb some religion again. Kamram u la witnessed to the Savior He preached if you don't accept it is no longer your responsibility... this message he wrote refers to those who were there in the crowd who urgently needed the salvation of Jesus.
“The election of the people as the VPP candidate without expecting anything in return has been a debt that I will have to pay for my work in these five years by using the power and authority of the people properly. you're right," said Mr. Heavingstone.
“The HLC has no authority to give its opinion and take it back to court”.
The Barato Presbyterian Church, which has celebrated its 133rd anniversary, has hosted the 20th Public Service of the KJP Synod Mihngi for the first time on the 17th – 20 th March 2022.
Mansturdy said that after he decided to join the HSPDP and because the UDP and the HSPDP have worked together in this election, it is up to him to support the UDP candidate from Ranikor.
“The purpose of the survey is to collect the names of Khasi Pnar villages in the border areas with Assam,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah who is also the Minister of Urban Affairs. Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, Head of the Regional Committee for West Jaintia Hills District.
“If the land owners don't give us the land, all this will end because according to the land tenure system here, the private sector is the owner of the land,” he added.
In the final, Dauru Laloo of PWD won the singles by defeating Peterson Lamare DM&HO (21-19; 21-10), while Rimilan Passah and Peterson Lamare (DM&HO) won the doubles. 21-17, 21-11 to Inar Kyndiah & Roskil Shallam (PHE).
On the other hand, the residents and the GSU Chibinang Unit strongly condemn the government's neglect of the residents of Chibinang area and demand that the government should improve this road as soon as possible for the benefit of the residents. Your people are from Chibinang.
On the other hand, the Minister of State for State Youth Affairs and Sports, Kiren Rijiju, said that the people of the North East should not be afraid of the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB). it has already prepared laws to protect the minorities in the east.
Meanwhile, Minister Roshan Warjri in her opening remarks, said that it is necessary to work hard to surrender in order to overcome the challenges faced by the department.
He said that these are the reasons and cannot be avoided and to fight against these the PHE has only two ways, to accept the wastewater from Wah Um iew or to accept the water that is clean.
He said that people who come from other states, if they have been tested within 72 hours through the RTPCR test, should bring a certificate to be exempt from this test.
Reports said that the meeting between the government officials of the two countries was aimed at bringing closer relations between the two countries.
Bishop Victor said he knew Bishop Stephen Ferrando well and he himself received his first Communion from Bishop Stephen Ferrando.
He said that the same scheme has been implemented in government areas such as the Integrated Power Development for Urban.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Kong Wanpynhun, who works for the welfare of women who earn their living, reminded of the rights of the employees including the vendors.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 11: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYM) under the leadership of Bah Tailan Star Lyngkhoi, President of Mawphathien Village Council, together with Bah Phangstar Nongsiej, Sordar of Mawphathien Village Council and other members of the Mawpseen Village Council, has held a meeting. They have sent a letter to the Executive Engineer PWD Road Nongstoin Sub Division regarding the need for the road.
Police of Pragjyotishpur Police Station on receiving a tip on the incident, rushed to the scene and with the help of the State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) recovered the body. Heibormi's body on the evening of July
The covenant is that the life and liberty of each and every individual citizen is the most important thing that the judiciary must protect and promote.
The meeting was attended by Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, Chief Secretary Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister AL Hek, Chief Secretary DP Wahlang and senior officials from various government departments. and representatives from Dorbar Shnongs and various groups.
At the same time, they said that as they have tried to help the people in the past, they will continue to work hard as much as possible to solve the problems of the people and also to eradicate the problems. The spread of COVID-19 into our District and State.
Although he did not mention anything, Dr Don's remarks may refer to the constituency of Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma, who has opened many programs and activities in his area.
“Now the government is fighting for ILP and the decision is now to demand ILP and to abolish CAA. We started from zero and we won 97 percent and we will continue to fight to get it,” he said. the prime minister.
Assistant Professors Dr. Chanlemki Lanong, Dr. Kermi U Tariang, Dr. Sashi Teibor Laloo, Miss Badapbiang Dkhar Tariang and Bah Batkupar Nongkhlaw gave lectures and training.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: A bus (ML-05-2467) driven by Bah Khlurshai Wanniang (23) has collided with a truck at 11:30 pm on the 16th of July. Two girls were injured in the incident and were taken to Civil Hospital, Shillong.
Another way to discipline your children is to teach them the right way from an early age.
Those who violate this order will be punished according to the Excise Rules and Acts.
The Government has announced that tomorrow Saturday will be a working day in all government offices.
Meanwhile, as the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government can ban, Sniawbhalang said that it can reach that point but the government has not taken any action. decision.
There are no spectators.
It has become increasingly clear that the Congress leaders who do not agree with the working methods of the AICC authorities have left the party and joined the Bharatiya Janata Party. he ruled in India and which has taken over many states.
As it went on, the people also forgot and forgot.
This was announced by the village leaders of the village while talking to reporters on Saturday after the village held a public meeting with the participation of all the families and residents of the village. village.
AIS SujaThe Jews still cannot accept that Jesus is their Messiah.
They said that one shop has at least 3 employees and if we count the 102 shops, the number of employees reaches more than
Shillong: A heavy landslide has occurred at Malidor of East Jaintia Hills today, which has disrupted the traffic in the area.
In conclusion, will not this UCC affect India which has different races, languages, and religions? Or, does this uniform civil code fit in with the Nehruvian secularism in India? That is, the right to religion, the right to race, the right to language, the right to marry shongman, the rights of the poor and so on.
Therefore, the union has requested all the departments and offices in South West Khasi Hills District to prepare in advance as the union will search for vacancies at any time. ) vacancies in government offices.
The 6 Shnong Wah Lukha Association has warned that if anyone is found burning dynamite in Wah Lukha, it will punish them according to the rules of procedure of the association and hand them over to the law enforcement authorities as directed by the office of the Deputy Commissioner East. Jaintia Hills, Khliehriat to prosecute them under the Fisheries Act 1897 and the United Khasi District Fisheries Act
There are 200 cows in the farm and more than 15 people have visited the farm for six months and they have covered their bodies with eit and water. junk cow.
On the same day, Umlyngkdait Village also honored the students who passed well in HSSLC and SSLC, sportsmen, the disabled, the first village leaders of the village, the fighters against the disease. Covid 19 and the elderly of the village.
He said that only after the discussion will it be possible to know on what basis the Congress will stand on the Reservation Policy.
In July this year, the state government had allocated nearly Rs 23 crore to host the Meghalaya Games in Tura West Garo Hills District. With the wealth that has been invested, the youth of the state will begin to appear and become brighter in their sporting careers.
" Romans 11:2
The BJP MDC demanded that the Town Committees should be reformed.
For example, when we are thirsty for water and when we get to drink at such a time, it gives us thirst or satisfaction because we are too thirsty to drink to satisfy our body's demands or desires.
The Minister also awarded the Academic Award of Excellence to the students of the college who have done well in the examinations conducted by NEHU.
The election of office bearers is for the term 2023-2
This is to inform all those students of Narpuh area who have submitted their marksheets in the past few months, please come on the date, time and place mentioned above. to receive this award.
It is learned that the cause of the accident was that the vehicle was coming from the wrong side and which caused the accident. I'm sorry I don't think so.
Guwahati: The Assam government has announced that the number of people excluded from the National Register of Citizens is lower in the districts bordering Bangladesh, which are Muslim areas. that you don't have many Hindus.
Referring to the Smart Meters, Dr Mukul said, “The MDA Government instead of doing anything has admitted that it has been accused.
Exodus 7:9.
On the other hand, the Ambassador of South Korea to India, Shin Bong-Kil, who was the Chief Guest at the closing ceremony of the Cherry Blossom Festival in Polo, expressed his surprise to see that the Cherry Blossom Festival in Polo. K-pop or Korean pop music is very popular in this state.
In the past years, we have witnessed two years of the plague of the disease in the nations and we do not want this uranium poison that will last for thousands of years to affect the nations from the poison that comes from the uranium. uranium, and we cannot sacrifice health and life for the benefit of the Government of India”.
I believe the readers remember that the leaf has veins that connect to the snur thabbawa.
“In Klew village, the same thing has been done, there is no raid land but only shi ing land,” said the sordar, who said that this has been done by the previous sordars since these years. At the same time, he expressed his surprise at the complaint he received before he took over as Sordar on the 12th of this month while he took over as Sordar on the 15th of this month. He has been the Rangbah Shnong of Klew for 16 years.
Our medical college is still located in Meghalaya.
One of the banners carried by the KSU at the house read, “KSU will not allow Maxwelton Estate to become the Metor 2.0”.
When they took away her mother, one of the women went into Rida's bedroom and saw a blanket on the bed with a blanket on it.
She is well aware that she has done nothing for the people in the last four and a half years.
Explaining about the number of smuggled coal trucks, Bah C.Syrti said that there are cases where the police have difficulty, because there are thousands of trucks carrying goods. and those who pass through the NH-6 and all these trucks are covered with Tyrpal, so if you stop the Tyrpal to see what they carry inside, it takes up to 15-20 minutes and this will affect the traffic. standing of the passing crowd.
“The BSF and other troops have done what is necessary and have taken action as directed by the ECI,” he said.
Break away from depression and despair because these are of the flesh against the Spirit of God.
It is prohibited to enter Shillong without a valid pass.
“The All Khasi Hills Achik Federation strongly opposes the demand of VPP President Bah Ardent Basaiamoit on the Roster System and the inclusion of the Garo language in the Baphra Schedule,” said the AKHAF leaders. “This action of the President (the VPP) is an attempt to abolish the Roster System which should be rejected because he has violated the order issued by the Meghalaya High Court, the decision issued by the Meghalaya High Court. The Honorable Court is independent and fair and has nothing to do with the Legislative Assembly and the Government,” said the AKHAF. There is also an attempt to create ethnic differences and discrimination among the citizens of Meghalaya by changing the Reservation Policy issued by the Court.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: Judo athletes showcased their skills at the closing ceremony of the Meghalaya Games 2022, which was held at Laban Indoor Stadium, in the presence of DD Shira. , MCS Director Social Welfare, President Meghalaya Judo Association and others.
She rejected the 'lei longspah' by showing her steadfastness until the day of her death by standing firm against the mining of uranium with a vision and thinking about the future of the region and the nation. " said the Seng.
At that time they shall not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain (Mount zion), because of the earth; YOU WILL BE FILLED WITH THE KNOWLEDGE OF THE LORD AS THE WATER COVERS THE SEA.Isaiah 11:9
To further reduce congestion in Shillong, the Government of Meghalaya has launched the first buses in the North East for urban commuting under the STEMS. buses were purchased in July, where these buses can be booked in advance from the seats especially for school children and office workers and also these buses have technology such as cameras. CCTV and GPS-based tracking.
According to the Exit Poll conducted by national channels and various companies, the NPP will be the party with the most seats.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 92144 out of which 88957 have recovered and 1542 have died.
The CAB protesters also staged a protest at the residence of BJP MLA in Dibrugarh, Prasanta Phukan, where they shouted slogans against the CAB.
In the second half, the players, although they were beaten by a goal, but they couldn't score, in which they tried to turn the goal which they had scored and it was at that time, one of the players, Nongkya SC had a good chance to score the first goal of the match and the score was 1-1, which lasted until the end of the second half.
The residents of Mawdiangum village have found the body of the youth which has fallen into the water of the river at 6 pm this morning. Hang.
The employees of the Cachar Paper Mill Workers' Union and the Cachar Paper Mill Officers' and Supervisors' Association (CAPA) have written a petition to the Prime Minister and also to the Prime Minister. The Minister of Industry and Industries, on Friday, said that if they do not get coal immediately from Meghalaya, which is only 25 kilometers away, then the construction of kotsada in Hailakandi district will be completed. Assam, will have to close within this month.
A source from the Meghalaya Frontier BSF Shillong said that the arrest of the suspects was made after they conducted a patrol at the International Border and seized fake currency. Indian Currency Notes' worth T.47,000/- (including 500 notes) were found in the border area of ​​South West Khasi Hills District, Meghalaya.
I would like to express my gratitude and appreciation to the present and past leaders of the WJDBA who have been able to lay the foundation in this way to promote the sport of Badminton, despite the lack of facilities or venues. according to the present era so that children can be trained and trained in this sport.
Panah also did not go out that day and stayed at home and helped her in many ways.
“People especially in the rural areas have been severely affected by this decision of the Court because they need many syrnods to be issued by the Village Authorities.
Pahamrioh Football Club has reached the final of the 1st Damanbait Lamare Knockout Football Tournament at Umroi Nongrah Stadium after beating Oste Phi Oiñ. Football Club in the semi final which reached the tie breaker.
Pawan Baghel, Incharge of the registration ceremony and Gabriel Wahlang, President of the Youth Congress, were accompanied by the ceremony.
In the second match, Sohryngkham Sports Club beat Mawlai Sports Club 14-0
Please contact Renikton l.
The make-up was done by Rukasen Hanse and the singer of the song was Binong Timung.
New York: The United States has warned Iran not to interfere in the conflict between Israel and Hamas and the US military chief has made it clear that he does not want to. , to expand, this conflict.
About 34 others who were his aides were arrested in parts of Punjab on Sunday, bringing the total number of arrests to now 112 people.
Police sources said that the four men confessed that they were traveling in a vehicle and went straight to the Police Reserve to detonate the bomb.
When asked whether the Livestock Mission or the Ri Jingri Mission which costs thousands of crores of rupees, the government has to return it to 100 days, Dr. Rijal said. that there is no such thing.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that 24 cases of Covid-19 have been confirmed from NEIGRIHMS hospital and 11 cases have been confirmed from NEIGRIHMS hospital. Civil hospital,Shillong.
The Chief Minister said that to ensure the safety of the residents of the area, the government has sent experts from NEHU on 26/9/20 to inspect the area.
They went to the Post Office in Sohiong, but were told that there was no money, she said.
This year's change of sky has started for more than 10 months.
The youtube producer did not follow the rules of procedure as laid down for the media.
Now you know who you are going to meet all the young men.
After this incident, the Hima Khyrim has given them a year to resolve the issue and until now in these 10 years, there has been no Syiem or Lyngdoh in the Raid, which cannot be confirmed. The Syiem and Lyngdoh within the Raid Iapngar, shall be until after they have been able to resolve these issues.
Philip Breen said his daughter had contracted the coronavirus, but had returned to work after more than a month's leave.
It is worth mentioning that HANM, WW, Sengkmie together with the residents of 25 villages in the border areas with Assam, have started protesting against this road since 2014 and the protest has been stronger against this road. The road was built in November last year, after a strike that lasted for 10 days in Nongpoh.
Through his speech, the NPP leader from Shillong, urged the people of the area, that in 2023, they should turn to the NPP, so that they can get more jobs. development scheme, because it is a good party for the welfare of the people.
On the other hand, the school children also held a rally with placards to educate the public on how to reduce and increase the number of children in order to prevent population growth.
“The KSU leader also expressed his regret over the delay of the government in implementing the Inner Line Permit in the state and also in recognizing the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule.
We take to the streets to demand, Not because we want to destroy the pla; But we must get the right, The demand must be equal.
They urged the GTC chiefs to remove the gate from the area because only through this one gate can one enter and leave Mawshbuit village and not only that but there are also places. tourists who have to pass through this gate.
Recently, the Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri, said that the repairs will be completed by the last month of November or the first month of November this year.
Nongpoh: The deterioration of the road from Umsning-Mawhati to Umsiang has not only caused problems to the residents and drivers, but the sad thing is that the deterioration of the road has caused problems. Many of the students who leave their homes in Umsning do not reach their schools on time.
According to sources, the villagers of Nongtalang have decided to talk to the government authorities to get more clarification on the bridge. thew car, which was at the scene.
Shillong, Jymmang 20 : U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong today addressed all the Deputy Commissioners (DCs), SEs and EE PWDs of various Divisions through Video Conference. to collect a census of those who have been destroyed by the floods in these few days so that they can be rehabilitated and so that the traffic and transportation of the people will not be affected. .
Rolling Mangu, Browel Makdoh, Wolman Sujai, Billingstar Sylliang, Kiswel Langi, Lukas Lyngdoh, Hetsing Lymphuid, Bransis Shadap, Wanphrang Shadap, Shlur Khymdeit.
It was also reported in the media that the government has exempted Mumbai from 20% of the charges for residents who use light only at home, factories and the decision is also to reduce the charges. residents who consume less than 300 units of electricity.
In this regard, Bah Michael said that the government should introduce a single window agency so that the poor winemakers will not have difficulty in getting the syrnot. They have to register with the excise department and it takes a long time to register with the excise department.
Two prominent cities in the state came to demand a district at that time but the government did not give them.
Speaking to reporters, LJP State President Jamih Ahmed said that on the 21st of this month, the LJP has formed the Pynursla Block. Thanroy Pariat from Tangmang village as President and Jiwel Khongji from Ri-Massar village as General Secretary.
“We have appointed a team of news collectors to ensure that the news collectors receive the information quickly so that the reporting can continue without interruption and in the hot and sunny weather.
However, this does not mean that the Khasi Pnar youth should forget their native language.
On Thursday, Pohkseh SC will play against Laitkyrhong SC at 11:30 pm, while Sohryngkham SC will play against Marbisu SC at 2:30 pm.
The Primary School Teachers' Association, Jowai under the leadership of its General Secretary, Heimonmi T. Mohrmen has distributed relief goods to the flood victims of Uttarakhand through the Chief Minister Relief Fund.
This puts a lot of danger and we will produce a heritage that I cannot even imagine when I look at the signs that this heritage of ours follows and lives.
We will ensure that such incidents should not happen again and you will get a fair trial,” he said.
According to police sources, the suspect was identified as Wanpyntngen Langshiang, 23 years old, who shot and stabbed his 1.5 year old son. that he may die.
It is also necessary for the public and private sector to walk with knowledge so that your descendants and children will lose their “Ri khain ne Ri duwar – which are the lands of the Kur”.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Thursday announced that he has tested positive for Covid-1
Dr Mukul said the whole world knows that it is the government that is behind the officers not to harass the illegal coal miners. “We all know that it is the government, the Assam also knows and even the NGT knows and for this reason it will fine T.100 crore, why hide this, you cannot hide it.
Earlier, MUDA had inspected more than 200 illegal houses and buildings along the Umkhrah River in Polo area.
Police have summoned the owner of the shop and after investigation it was found that the call center used to call people living in the United States to ask if they have any illnesses and if they were being raped. ne-em and if they are such people they offer to pay money as a fee but before paying the money they promise they send people to deposit $650 (650 dollars) .
The reason is that I know that many of our people, especially in the rural areas, do not believe that this disease really exists.
Post Grade IV students should be asked questions in Khasi, because the DSC requires Class VIII and above. If questions are asked in English, it is like treating those in Class X. Also, CCTV cameras should be installed. On the other hand, the DC promised to take action on the demands of the union.
He said that today is a 10th anniversary celebration for Syiem Pyrthat and Mon Ryngklaw. He said that today is a day of celebration for the cooperation of the Soo Raij Soo Langdoh. The religious servants of the Soo Raij-Soo Langdohs are committed to fulfilling the will of the Lord and to learn to honor and glorify the blessings received by the Lord and the gods of the kings. from time to time.
Sangma is one of the GNLA members who has been wanted by the police for a long time but was arrested at 4:30 pm today.
He also denied that the government is biased in providing electricity to the rural areas and more to the urban areas.
However, in the last agreement between Meghalaya and Assam, they were transferred to Assam.
Monohammus Versteegi is a kind of beetle about 10 inches long and about 10 inches wide.
Speaking to media, Vice President AMSSASTA Central Body Peter Thyrniang said the government should release all the pending salaries and not only for one month or two months.
The BSF has 250 personnel, 223 civilians and 54 soldiers.
After four years, only 25 percent of these soldiers will be selected to serve full time for 15 years and the rest will retire with between T.11-12 lakh, without pension. no spirit em.
Petrol and diesel prices have risen more than the Congress in 8 years.
During his visit to Iewduh, the CEM also visited the construction site of the market for the farmers, where he said that the construction work is progressing smoothly. They also talked to the contractor of the building that it will be completed within the month of July.
Ankita Sharma took five wickets to beat South Garo Hills DCA by five wickets in the first semi final of the tournament. The U-19 Girls Inter District Cricket Tournament was organized by the Meghalaya Cricket Association on Friday at Umbuda Stadium, Nongpoh.
The Rangbah Shnong of Lumshyiap, Bah Phira Khongphai, said that the village has given 12 hours to the parents involved in this illegal act and to report before the Dorbar Shnong. do not appear within these hours, the village will hand over the child to the law enforcement authorities for further action.
No, we respect each other," she added.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) has appointed Prestone Tynsong as the new President of the National People's Party (NPP) following the resignation of former President Dr. WR Kharlukhi.
“Then this is the ideal approach.
The source said that the reason for the killing of the man is still unknown but it is suspected that there was a heavy fighting between the two men. The robbers and the suspect were arrested from Rambrai market and police are conducting a thorough investigation into the incident.
However, Ms Ampareen continued to ask questions, asking, how do people get into the Municipal garbage dump in Marten? Who let the car in? Who doesn't break these medicines?
Speaking to media, JYF President CB Ombormi Tariang said that the main issue of the protest is to demand a review of the policy and the implementation of the roster. system by looking ahead.
Thank you, Dr Jemino Mawth.
The court said that at present, it will not proceed with the case but will wait for the two parties to meet as they have proposed.
According to a video circulating in the media, Bah Samlin said that they cannot dismiss him without an order from him.
Rymmai said that Dr Khonglam doesn't need the security guards and the security guards don't find Dr Khonglam. Secretariat, however, Dr Khonglam, asked Bah Bnoh (who used to be called), to go and get a car from the road to go and Bah Bnoh, said, he went down to the Secretariat and left the road. Bah, when he took a taxi with Dr Khonglam, he took a taxi to Demseiniong.
Archbishop Andrews Thazhath, President of the Catholic Bishops' Conference of India (CBCI) in the presence of Archbishop Dominic Lumon, Archdiocese of Imphal, Manipur, Fr Jervis D'Souza, Deputy Secretary General, CBCI and Fr Dr. Paul Moonjely, Executive Director, Caritas India, has visited the conflict-affected areas in Manipur.
Others who attended the function included Bah Titos W Chyne, Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah B .Pyngrope, Rangbah Shnong Nongrah, Village Leaders.
The survey will be conducted by the Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW) with the support of the Social Work Department of Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU).
The woman urged the law enforcement authorities to track down the robbers and punish them according to the law.
In connection with this incident, the State Government has directed the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District to provide assistance of T.16 lakh, which is T.4 lakh to the families of these victims. four of them were lanot.
The Department of Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya in collaboration with the Eastern Command of the Indian Armed Forces on Thursday launched the Durand Cup Trophy and the Durand Cup Trophy. The Shimla Trophy (all rolling trophies) and the President's Cup (which can be won forever) were held and displayed at Khyndailad, Shillong.
On the other hand, Bah Hek said he had no knowledge of the appearance of the people of Tura to apply for tickets to contest the MP election from Tura constituency.
In my question in the House, it was stated that there are about 160 consultants appointed and the salary has reached T.250 crore.
The disciples and we the people believed in His works and had great hope, but it ended like this! Three days have passed since then, and some women have come to tell that Jesus has risen from the dead, but they do not know where he is. We who have believed and hoped in Him are confused and afraid.
On 12 October he became the first Premier League player to win the FIFA World Player of the Year, and the second from Portugal after Luis Figo.
Earlier, CLP Leader Ronnie V Lyngdoh said the party is preparing for the upcoming Lok Sabha elections and also for the MDC elections in KHADC and JHADC by strengthening the groups. work everywhere.
A sheep farmer in Churu district of Rajasthan has been charged Rs 1 crore for his sheep, but he refused to sell it even after receiving that price.
The arrest of these two women and a man, happened at 7 pm last night. They were identified as Chonglalsang Simte of Lumpyngngad Shillong, who lived in Shillong. Lalantluangi of Durtlang Aizawl and Joni Boro of Sundarpur, Assam, were arrested at the same time while riding in a Scoty (AS-01-BB-0
him.
Many of those who came while waiting to greet Bah Ardent, prayed and many also mourned the suffering of the President of the VPP. The Reservation Policy has started on Tuesday and continued until the third day on Friday to demand that the State Government should revise the Reservation Policy.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The Special Session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Saturday was very tense.
In this way, the name of the new tribe was taken and placed on the Duwan Blei to know tomorrow the census of the tribe to avoid the sin of blood and ma.
The meeting was attended by the Deputy Commissioner, Superintendent of Police BD Marak, Additional Deputy Commissioner, L. Kynjing, Border Magistrates, Bah B. Blah and Dr. B. Langbang. Heads of various departments of West Karbi Anglong District, Assam were led by the Deputy Commissioner.
Evan Gershkovich is a journalist for the Wall Street Journal in the United States and will be placed in temporary accommodation until 29 January
Replying to a question by the MLA of Zoram People's Movement (ZPM) – Lalduhoma, CL Lalrinsanga said that up to 7.5 metric tonnes of bird's eye will be exported to the USA. The sohmynken will be exported to the USA after the conclusion of the Budget Session of the State Government.
He explained that he had 4 damli, 4 money, 4 money and 16 money.
While they were writing, the teachers from the school were not there.
On the other hand, the UDP Sohiong circle welcomed the joining of former BJP Sohiong leader Bah Klastomanik Sun and former Sordar of Umsaw, Sohiong along with his relatives and friends.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The STPS bus will leave Shillong from Sohra at 4:30 pm and from Sohra at 8:30 pm every day except on Sunday.
He said that there is a financial support allocated of 9.29 percent for the upgradation of PHCs and Sub Centers in the rural areas to Health and Wellness Centres.
“The school is open wherever there is time.
Nongpoh: Police of Byrnihat Police Outpost, have arrested a Mahindra Pick-up, which was carrying 10 batteries suspected to be stolen batteries from a place in the 15mer area. Byrnihat, The Fear.
The raid was conducted in Motphran, Paltan Bazar, Mawblei, Nongrim Hills, Laitumkhrah Market, Mawlonghat, Urkaliar, Upper Shillong, Polo, Mawbah, Jhalupara and Upper Mawprem. and 7,74,000ml of pyrolysis.
The counting of votes for the 11th Legislative Assembly elections has ended and all the candidates who have contested for this election are eager to reach the goal of victory on polling day. ' will be held on October 2nd this year.
“These 29 candidates are from Upper New Nongstoin, Tiehsaw, Mawthawniaw, Siejlieh, New Nongstoin, Porsohsynnam, Dom Mawlien Pyndengrei and others,” said the KSU leader. The reporter also had the opportunity to talk to some people who wanted to remove themselves from the Aadhaar list and tried to ask why they wanted to remove themselves from the list. Adhaar There are those who say that they have created Adhaar with the expectation that if there is no Aadhaar, it will be a barrier for them in many ways.
The tournament is divided into two parts including Zone 1 and Zone
The Waheh Shnong of Psiar, Bah M.Synnah, immediately informed the District authorities of West Jaintia Hills District and the District authorities sent the Border Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District. Ferdinand Basan and Donkupar Moksha, Dy.SP West Jaintia Hills District.
The buyers said that the price of unclean synsar is 40 tyngka per kilo, but the price of clean synsar is 90 tyngka per kilo.
“I never thought I would be like this, maybe it is God's will that He wants me to stay in the District,” said Dr. Nichwa.
On the other hand, the union requests the Deputy Commissioner to take action against this overloading of coal trucks and to arrest those trucks which overload and punish them according to the rules. The Motor Vehicle Rule has been imposed on the NH-6 in East Jaintia Hills District to avoid further damage to the road. guest.
Al-Ajaleen was found near a vehicle carrying a dead body and is believed to have gone to the funeral home first and when he returned, he would pray in the desert.
Speeches were also delivered by Diliancy Lyngdoh, former Vice President of Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Women and former District President of South West Khasi Hills Congress.
Shillong, Naitung 10 : The Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that she will soon send a letter to the Chief Minister to convene a meeting to discuss the issues faced by the farmers. they were afraid because of the tax collection gates.
“It took a long time to complete the construction as the Cancer Wing was funded since 2008 and it took up to 14 years to complete and open it,” he said.
When the two lions arrived at the District Council to look for the lion child, the journalist went to meet them to talk about the matter.
The Parish invites the faithful of the Archdiocese of Shillong, Nongstoin and Jowai Dioceses to attend.
The death toll has risen to 19, of which 16 are from East Khasi Hills.
“On the other hand, Sadhu said that the results will be shown on live screens across the city to prevent misleading information. Shillong through DIPR. He assured that there will be assistance through the security forces, “There will be no assistance from the CAPF; “We have our own security forces from our own state,” said the DC. On the other hand, the Returning Officer said, “As in the Assembly elections, the rally of the victorious candidates to avoid any bloody incidents.
The Word of God says that ask and it shall be given.
St. Anthony College has taken music as one of its honors subjects and NEHU has taken it as a Diploma subject.
He said that through the office of the BDO, those people with disabilities can register for a special Job Card and benefits from the government and through this Job Card they can also receive schemes. The BDO urged them not to be ashamed or to distinguish themselves from others but to come forward and be like others to benefit from the government especially those who those who have special talents in the field of sports and others, he added.
The Moolamylliang Biodiversity Management Committee (MBMC) in collaboration with Moolamylliang Upper Primary School and Moolamylliang District Council Lower Primary School as part of the International Day of Action for Rivers has organized a clean-up of the Kwai River in Moolamylliang village. .
Dr Jahan Iqbal Ahmed, Associate Professor of Ophthalmology at GMCH, died of the disease today.
Police rushed to the scene and received a tip that one of the passengers of the vehicle had climbed out of the vehicle with injuries. Bansiew Khongkliam, resident of Phanshlaiñ, while the driver of the vehicle, Youmiky Kharshandi, was found alive. Banpeitlang Marbaniang from Mawdang and Welbokstar Sohlang from Kseh Mawnai have died.
It is to be recalled that the village has started the celebration of the Golden Jubilee since the month of November this year with many different programs during this year, including song, dance, costume performance, football. , cricket among other sports and programmes.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Ardent said that since the last MLA elections, there has been a surprising incident, which has never happened before and that is the desire of the people to attend the meetings. the VPP and the Prah of the people.
He also recalled that recently two Khasi youths who were working in Khyndailad were bombed and tied with weapons by foreigners.
But to say that all Christians (Catholics & Protestants) stand together to take away the rights of the Khasi religion, how? Why don't Khasi Christians allow Khasi traditional religions to stand for election? Why don't Khasi Christians allow the Khasi religion to grow in their work? Because the State Government has put in place a policy not to promote the Khasi religion? Because the District Councils are trying to destroy the Khasi religion? As understood from the statement, the article in English about the Khasi religion “Seng Khasi tribals” seems to have distinguished those Seng Khasi from others. that Khasi.
Anyone found violating the law will be punished according to the rules of law and will remain in full force until further notice.
On Friday, the Hima Chief Minister spoke to the SP of Morigaon district, Hemanta Kumar Das, and explained about the incident.
Aadhaar is the Unique Identification Authority of India or UIDAI, which was approved by the Government of India on 28 January
Therefore, the disease usually occurs during the rainy season due to eating food that has not been cooked and drinking dirty water or without cooking it. dirty hands without washing properly.
In Jowai, 11 tableaux prepared by various government departments in relation to government schemes were also displayed.
On the roads, schools have a lot of work to do.
On the demand that the government should run the EMRI, the President said, “The health department is the most important department for the society. state, while they don't know anything about our state, so we request the Government to take action on this issue”.
He said that the state has recorded 385 cases of economic offenses in
Bah Daniel said that the society is facing many challenges and it is time to wake up and fight against the challenges as Tirot Singh, the sword of the nation, led the way.
Although the lockdown has brought great suffering to all, but nature has been able to revive itself after mankind has done various things.
However, I will tell you again that even at work in the office I can come to meet me... But on my part I don't have anything special to do with me...”, said Bah Deng. “It's because even to the market I often go like that and I want and wait to meet Bah Deng.
Finally, the Seng strongly warns others not to touch women and children and if the Seng receives information, it will punish severely.
Samuel Hashah, 32, resident of Umlyngka Sepngi, Upper Shillong, has T.1 lakh in his possession and a Bajaj Pulsar worth T.1,05,0 Hashah completed his Class XII in
The KSU leaders have handed over the suspects to the Ummulong Police Station.
Shillong, Lber 31: The Chairman of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) today ordered the Chairman of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) to appoint him as the interim CEM of the District Council. Speaking to reporters, Boston Marak Chairman of GHADC said that he has received an order from the government to temporarily look after the GHADC until the CEM election is held. This has been done since Tuesday.
“We have burnt the Rule of CAA to remind the Government of India that we do not accept the Ïakjakor Act introduced by the Government of India.
As soon as the debate started, the judges, one woman and one man, listened carefully and looked at the participants to count the points.
After the leaders announced to end the strike, about 60 ASHAs from the villages have not been able to get vehicles to return to their villages and have faced problems with accommodation here in 19th Shillong South Constituency MLA Sanbor Shullai provided accommodation for them at Guest House , Laban , Laban MDC Ricky Shullai provided food and drink The Executive Committee of the ASHAs will hold a meeting tomorrow to take a decision to announce to all the members that they should start working from the 1st of November.
KSU Nongkhlaw Circle under the leadership of Samla Shemphang Marbaniang in the presence of Bah K.Dkhar Sordar of Mawpen Village, Bah R.Khyriem Sordar of Nongthymmai Village, and found that the residents of Nongthymmai Village They have come out to work voluntarily to repair this road which has caused a lot of suffering to the people.
In West Jaintia Hills, there are 23 cases including 21 high risk cases, one returnee from abroad and one screening case.
– Thus came the Word “Brotherhood” which refers to that spiritual relationship.
Chairman of the Arts and Culture Committee.
Media reports said 160 Israeli warplanes were preparing to attack Gaza, firing high-powered missiles and mortars, which are now near Gaza. in Gaza.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Khasi Jaintia Butchers Welfare Association (KJBWA) has launched a protest against the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh. these days.
The BJP's inability to do anything may be due to the lack of leaders from the state as even the TMC, which has just entered the state shortly before the elections, has won up to five seats.
Police have recovered T.3, 34, 100, 63, 000 BD Taka, a 9mm pistol, 2 magazines, 16 9mm bullets from the area. unused wires, 23 mobile phones, cameras, 11 SIM cards and other equipment used for explosives.
Regarding the evacuation of the people living in Iewmawlong, Bah Dhar said that the Government will soon call for another meeting with the leaders of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) to take action. the final decision on the matter.
Mizoram Deputy Speaker Pu Lalrinawma cut down a tree on the road and blocked the passage of vehicles.
These include East Khasi Hills 66, West Garo Hills 30, Ri Bhoi 12, South West Garo Hills 4, West Khasi Hills 5, South West Khasi Hills 2, West Jaintia Hills 19, North Garo Hills 6, South Garo Hills Eastern West Khasi Hills 4, East Jaintia Hills 1 and East Garo Hills
On the other hand, this fellow missionary also went to meet his beloved friend.
“I would like to urge the people to support Bah Sanjied for the future of the future generation,” he said.
Here, the District Council has rejected many of the powers of the State Council because it has not been challenged by the State Government.
The district administration of West Jaintia Hills tried to block the border, but the group that came with the CEM of KAAC said that the CEM of KAAC wanted to inspect the border area.
Khliehriat, March 05: The 1st Division Football Tournament of the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) was held on Friday at Deinchynrum Stadium, Khliehriat. came to an end.
He said Modi has resolved the issue of tax and sugar production areas worth Rs 15,000 crore through the law and has ensured that there will be no such issues in the country. time to come.
In East Jaintia Hills, there are 8 cases including one from Star Cement Cluster, 5 cases from outside and 2 cases from high risk contact.
The Deputy Commissioner's Office, as well as government departments including the Executive Engineer PWD (RDS) Jowai, Executive Engineer Water Resource Jowai Division, West Jaintia Hills together with members and leaders of KYKWM The Jaintia Fishing and Environment Protection Association (JFEPA) on 17th July conducted an inspection of the Myntdu River following the allegation of landslide in the Myntdu River.
The missile, launched by North Korea, is expected to land at about 8 am on Friday.
: The CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla, has strongly criticized the MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma and UDP leader Dr Donkupar Roy for failing to sign the Eastern Frontier Regulation Act The Inner Line Permit (ILP), the Clan Bill and the Khasi Social Custom Lineage Bill, which have been passed by the Council, have faced strong public pressure.
It was this same Hima Bilat which destroyed the Sutnga Hima and destroyed all the northern and northern Himas of the area after plundering the wealth from all over the Hima.
Bah RM ShabongThe KSU has lodged a complaint with the management of NEIGHRIMS, regarding the overcrowding of patients from Assam at the hospital. This is the largest hospital in the State.
On the other hand, KHNAM also demanded that the government should not only increase the salary, but should also provide other benefits as stipulated in the law.
Shillong: The Union of Residents of Tyrna Elaka through the Tyrna Elaka Welfare Society, Shillong invites all the residents of Shillong and other places to attend. The meeting will be held on the 30th November 2019 at 11:00am at Dinam Hall, Jaiaw Madan Student, in the presence of the Sirdar of Tyrna Elaka Mr D.Marbaniang.
He requested the CEM to hold a special meeting between all the MDCs and Chief Executive Members to discuss the proposed amendment to the 6th Schedule.
The State Resource Center for Women was established in 2012 as part of the Central Government's scheme to establish an independent body to oversee schemes and projects aimed at women.
I'm sorry.
However, at the same time, the job also requires that the village headmen should be wise and farsighted people to run the village in such a way that it will not affect the future of the future generations.
This was announced by the Chairman of the Committee, CI Issac.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Blikshon Sohtun, President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongtung, said that the sudden storm has affected many families in the area. They became homeless when the storm destroyed their homes.
It may be recalled that DD Lapang has left the Congress party on the grounds that the party leaders no longer need his services, as he is an elderly man. .
“I am still a Congress MLA but I will not contest from the Congress because I am under suspension and in the next 10 years, I will resign from the party and as an MLA I will go. I am sure I will join the NPP,” said Bah Rapsang.
Besides, NLCN members learned from the Chairman that he has held talks with members of the rebel groups in the Northeast on issues such as the purchase of ammunition and training for the members.
Khliehriat, June 24: Police of Umpleng ADC (Camp), on the 11th of this month, have recovered the body of a man from Umpleng Market, aged 55 to 60 years. He was believed to be of Nepali origin and a post mortem has been conducted and it was confirmed that he died due to physical illness.
Jorabat Police Station on receiving a tip on the incident rushed to the scene for investigation and took the three students to GMCH Hospital Guwahati for treatment. However, 2 of them died due to serious injuries.
The question is whether our District and State will grow and be free from the challenges that affect our income and income.
We welcome this decision of the CBI, although it has been a long time, it is not known why the courts and the CBI have taken so long, because of the case related to the kidnapping of teachers in Haryana. In these years, Chief Minister OP Chautala, his son, who is the Education Minister, and others were sentenced to 10 years in prison.
He said that to address the issue of increased bill light, the state government will soon implement a smart meter to bring about cleanliness on the bill light.
Israel reportedly learned of the presence of Hamas commanders through information received from villagers and then threatened to kill them.
Research Fellow, Meghalaya Climate Change, Shillong presented the paper 'Go green' and Dr. Bingiala Laloo, Asstt.
The final match was very spectacular especially the performance of the Meghalaya players who were able to showcase their skills, whether in the field of ball handling or passing. ball as well, which has shown that they are no less in the way of playing compared to other prominent states of the country.
He also urged that this fund should not be misused, but should be implemented as a means of improving the income and income not only of the members, but of the community as well. .
Jowai, March 22: The Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy 1st Division Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai on Saturday. Stadium, Northeast Jowai.
While the G20 Foreign Ministers' Summit has been held annually since its inception under the presidency of Germany, India has taken the lead by being the first to present the G20 Foreign Ministers' Outcome Document and Chair Summary. (FMM ODCS) which has been negotiated and accepted.
In the evening, they don't raise the passengers from Shyiap because they want 20 tyngka, and they drive them halfway if they don't agree to pay 20 tyngka. too, claimed the passengers.
Another accused, Ghulam, was also killed in the shooting led by Deputy SP Navendu and Deputy SP Vimal.
Speaking to reporters, Labenn Ch Marak, Executive Member of the Council of Elders, ACHIK, said, “We have tried to meet with the Prime Minister and the Government of Meghalaya but we have not received any response.
The song was sung, composed and written by Kupar Shadap and recorded at @B4NDIT Studio, while the video was shot by Kiki Studio.
The Word of God speaks and it is so.
The driver of the sumo, who was dressed as a policeman, shot dead a driver of a truck number BR-09BA-5 The driver of the truck, who fled the scene, also caused a collision between the truck and small vehicles parked on the side of the road. It slowly rolled over and hit other vehicles, which angered the village leaders of Sumer Umbang.
Likewise, the spirit of jealousy and lack of help to others is one of the challenges to the development of the Hynniewtrep people.
Operations of ships and boats on the Brahmaputra River have been suspended in Guwahati and Nematighat in Jorhat due to high water levels.
“It's a journey that has to be fought”.
The 2nd Inter-School Sport Meet 2023 has been attended by 18 schools from Jakrem village. The tournament started on the 20th and ended on the 20th of this month. on June 21, 2023.
Besides Conrad, Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong and other leaders will visit Shella to ensure that the UDP candidate will win.
He also hoped that through this, the college will be able to expand its services to the community and the district as a whole especially to those low income families.
NPP MLA from Selsella Ferlin A Sangma said how the government has ordered that schools and educational institutions should start opening while 23 schools in Dadenggre area are in short supply. Up to 184 teacher posts are vacant and the government has not found a push to fill them.
· Power to set up more specialized benches for NCLAT · To reduce the imposition of fines on all violations for sole proprietorships, all small companies, producer companies & Start Ups The Government will announce a new policy –• The names of departments and companies under the supervision of the Central Government for the benefit of the public will be published soon.
Shillong, July 13: The influx of tourists to Sohra, although it has been a blessing to the area, but the influx without any control has also caused losses.
SAFF is proud of this, and for the sake of the health and safety of all, SAFF also appeals to the public to remain vigilant and follow the protocols and arrangements.
The increase in the price of food items including rice which usually sells at 1100-1200, shops have sold at 1300-1400 which has caused problems to the people, said the HYC in a statement sent by Preios Pale president HYC. The HYC has urged the DC to take action to close down the shops from the public during this time of fighting against COVID-19 so that the people will not be affected.
“If they (Harijans) are angry, the Government should dismiss them immediately,” said Bah Dkhar.
Wis Mawlong, who works at Meghalaya House in Kolkatta, has been taken to Shillong by ambulance for about a month. in that city they could not take care of him.
He expressed his hope that if Andrew Shullai reaches the goal of his first victory, he will upgrade Thadlaskeiñ C&RD Block to Civil Sub-Division.
In the Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate Examination (Arts Stream) 2019, there were 24371 candidates who passed and 76.28 percent passed.
While the Government is preparing safety measures to combat the spread of Covid-19 in the state, from the time of coming and going, the people cannot move from one place to another ( District) without receiving a Curfew Pass from the government authorities, in order to prevent the spread of Covid-19 in the state.
Speaking to reporters, the leaders of these two organizations, said that they will continue to conduct such raids on those foreigners who have come to work across the country. the District.
Miss Living Roots will receive a cash prize of 30,000 tyngka and prizes, First Runners Up will receive 15,000 tyngka and prizes and Second Runners Up will receive 10,000 tyngka and prizes.
Speaking at the meeting, Congress Leader of the Legislative Party (CLP), Ronnie V Lyngdoh, said that the nomination of Rahul Gandhi as MP to the Lok Sabha is an attack on the Lok Sabha. He is one of the leaders who speaks out on many issues affecting the society of the people in the country as a whole and the BJP's threat to democracy in the country.
It is to be recalled that the Kur Thangkhiew Lai-Kpoh does not feel it is right or intend to sell the Kur land anywhere as issued by the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima last year.
It is to be recalled that the murder of Tellme Talang (31) happened on 29th June and his body was found lyngktar in the field the next day.
Tynsong said that the questions of the residents on social media as to the benefits of getting vaccinated because even if they have already been vaccinated, they can still get the disease, but he explained. that giving Tikka itself should reduce the death and severity of illness from this virus even if you are infected with this disease.
The training will be only for the residents on the border of the state and Bangladesh.
This year, the Meghalaya girls' team has been included in the same list as Chandigarh, Sikkim, Baroda, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala. Mumbai.
Lera Boroditsky, assistant professor psychology, neuroscience, bad symbolic systems at Stanford University, How does our language shape the way we think? (The Guardian) explains how words help shape people's minds.
“If other states do it, why can't we?” said the UDP leader in a mobile interview.
"Deisy asked. "Tell me about Riia," Linda replied.
The committee found that the radiation level in the Phud Syngkai River, which is more than 1000 feet high, is higher than it should be. further investigation is needed.
He scored 556 marks.
The Result of the HSSLC Examinations, 2023 (Science, Commerce & Vocational) Streams conducted by the Meghalaya Board of School Education, Tura will be declared onduring office hoursThe result booklet of the Examinations has been discontinued with effect from 2014.
Speaking to reporters, Davisgoldfield Wanniang said that the government should take responsibility for this, but it is doubtful for the people to take medicines from hospitals because in the The place where they are healed does not lead to injury.
In addition, in this area of ​​the Lamu Valley, there are also a variety of flowers called La tu thing, where in the past years there has been a festival called La tu thing. The 'La tu thing Festival' has attracted many nature lovers, not only that, it is also a good place for walking or tracking to enjoy the nature.
We don't know how the government and MeECL will respond to the High Court when the next day comes to hear the case on the power outage for hours a day.
However, he said that the department expects that the Hima Mawphlang will issue the permit sometime next month.
“When we look at the incidents, when we look at the incidents like the Kuki, these are those who have no place and what is wrong is that maybe the time will come when the Khasi people will be like this if we have no unique identity".
The arrival and spread of the Coronavirus (Covid 19) around the world including in our state, has been a great shock to the peoples around the world.
Hamlet said that at present, the completion of the work from the PHC to the staff quarters has reached 75 percent.
According to the District Social Welfare Officer, J. Synnah, there are 1617 people with disabilities who have the right to vote in West Jaintia Hills District.
Philemon Lyngdoh was elected president, Bismol Myrten vice-president, Russel Nongrum secretary, Ebormi K Sutnga assistant secretary and finance secretary Syrpaiwanka Laloo.
He said that the center, which was inaugurated today, will provide treatment to those who are addicted to drugs and other alcoholic beverages at a low price.
“I don't think the NPP will continue to be with us,” Singh told reporters.
Shillong, July 31: The All Regional Party Alliance (ARPA) has been in power in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) for some time. The KHADC, headed by Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, has stepped up the issuance of trading licenses to foreign shops and companies.
JWAT MON PARIAT (IND) – 755.
“The union said that this action of Adsan Mahindra has angered the union and the residents of Mawiongrim village and from this action of the company has misled many and especially the people. who are foreign.
Phulbari, Jymmang 01: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the works done by the MDA government especially the NPP are for the benefit of the people. Purno A Sangma has always said that he should not serve the wealth or the power but the people.
Rupang tried to contact the Rangbah Shnong of the village, Bah SDkhar, but when Rupang called him, he said that he was inside the police vehicle. , as the police have arrested him and the Secretary of the Village Council, Bah Aibansuk Tangsong.
Despite their differences, in their respective political parties, there are many groups, which demand the implementation of this special quota for women.
The All India Football Federation (AFA) has expressed its gratitude to the Minister of Sports, Anurag Thakur and the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) for taking the initiative to open the doors for the team. men and women athletes from the country to participate in the Asian Games.
Shillong: The North East Roller Skating Championship (NSP) has been held at Dispur Roller Skating Rink on Tuesday. Bhumidhar Barman was the General Secretary and Suklang Dkhar was the Joint Secretary.
He said that beef vendors from all over Khasi-Jaintia Hills will come to take part in the event but there will be no closure of beef shops as it is only from 1 pm to 3:30 pm. however, it was merely informed that each butcher shop should send someone.
The HYC urges and requests the two Waheh Chong unions to meet and discuss this issue.
The UDP in Jaintia Hills has vowed to take legal action against the Chief Executive Member of JHADC, JHADC for allegedly misusing public funds of Rs 1.18 crore. On the other hand, the Joint Secretary of the Seng, G.Lamare, said that the CEM of JHADC has taken the money in the name of the people for the benefit of the people. The party leaders in the state have decided to appeal to the High Court against the misuse of public funds in the council.
He said the government has planned to implement many schemes for the people living on the border with Assam under the Special Border Areas Development Program which started last year.
Mohammed Salisu (24) and Mahammed Kudus (34 & 68) scored the goals for Ghana while Cho Gue-Sung (58 & 61) scored the second goals for Korea.
Even after TRAU continued the game with only 50 players after receiving a red card, TRAU managed to prevent Lajong from scoring.
In the second leg of the tournament, Lumparing SC played against Ïaipyrshang FC. The match was very interesting in which Lumparing SC played a strong match in Lumparing beat Ïaipyrshang 3-0 at the end of the first half.
“If we win from both the seats, we are sure to get the post of Union Minister.
Similarly, in 2018, 13 people lost their lives in a house fire in Ho Chi Minh City.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Paul said that the path taken by the President of the VPP who is also the MLA from Nongkrem is wrong.
Through this inspection, it is prohibited to transport pigs from the village, or from an area up to 10 kilometers away, to slaughter or transport to other villages outside the village. region.
Everything starts with us humans.
On the 26th of this month, West Khasi Hills Police have arrested four persons on suspicion of being the owners of illegal coke plants in Shallang, West. Khasi Hills District.
Because when they cannot complete their work in one day, they have to spend money to stay in a hotel.
This step has to be done now.
The UDP, which held an emergency meeting yesterday, expressed its surprise that it does not know the reasons why the NPP has come out to join hands with the Congress in the KHADC. UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh said that they are surprised at how they have arranged in the KHADC. 2019.
The NPP has played a safe side, saying that it is the responsibility of the small parties and it is their duty to resolve it among themselves.
In the meeting, the Minister said that the construction of such buildings was during the previous Congress-led government, but the present government will monitor. on the allocation of funds for these Residential Schools and also to try to get more funds from the Central Government to complete the construction of these schools.
At the same time, he said that he has not yet distributed the masks to the people but the government has prepared.
It was also informed that during the inspection, no coal mining was found, but there were only abandoned coal mines.
Dongki Ingding and Laitdom areas have the lowest number of people to come forward to get vaccinated against COVID-19 and other areas have come forward to get vaccinated against COVID-19,” he said.
The Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, Anupriya Patel visited the hospital in November this year.
They are the ones who do this work.
“Recently, the HNLC has expressed its opposition to the summons received by the General Secretary Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw in the Court of the Judicial Magistrate.
The 2023 Election will be held suddenly without a judge.
Irene said that the people of Umroi Constituency are very fortunate to have a leader like Christabel, who has a truly compassionate spirit, especially for the family.
“It is for this reason that the party workers have to win the hearts of the supporters without having to deceive them with other methods.
We need to remind ourselves what is happening across the country, how the GST Councils take decisions on the number of taxes that have been implemented and not brought to the notice of this House," he said.
The Executive Committee also accepted the suggestion of the opposition to urge the government to help those poor families, those who do not have ration cards, those who do not have job cards, those who drive commercial vehicles, those who rent houses.
Chyne said the NPP should not be too friendly with the UDP for fear of losing the government but he assured that if the NPP wins, the government will remain strong.
In his speech, the Officer Incharge of Amlarem Police Station urged the youth of the area not to get involved in this kind of alcohol which destroys the future of the youth and the area as a whole.
The Prayaas scheme is an attempt by the EPFO ​​to release the pension benefits of employees, such as PF (Provident Fund) on their retirement day.
"Of course, even if you count the population ratio, the 40:40 ratio has affected the Khasi because the Khasi are more paid than the Garo but the retrospective of the roster system is KSU General Secretary Donald V. Thabah has said that the Khasi youth have been challenged because they have not received even the 40% share,” said a statement sent by the General Secretary of the KSU, Donald V. Thabah.
Expressing his resignation from the Trinamool Congress, he said that when he joined the TMC, he thought that the TMC would bring about change, but only in the past few months we have seen that. it's not like that.
When they had finished praying, Kynsai left his father, mother, brother and sister.
Job said, 'Remember that my life is like a breath.
One is the Umyiap area east of Nongstoiñ, which is also the largest area in the state and the other is the Wahblei area east of Riangdo.
The judges of the award are retired officers, government officials and teachers of the Indian Institute of Management.
Don Bang took three wickets.
East Khasi Hills has 359 cases including 141 high risk cases, 55 ILI cases, 8 cases in Jaiaw, 5 cases in Laban, 1 case in Lumparing, 27 cases in Mawlai, 8 cases in Mawprem and 12 cases in Mount. Hermon School, 6 cases in Nongmynsong, 7 cases in Police Bazaar, 4 cases in Upper Shillong and others.
We know that when the prime minister goes upstairs, when government officials go upstairs, it affects a lot of the expenditure of the people, because their visit is not like us. cigarette bill, tea bill, petrol bill and so on.
The owners of the vehicle have lodged a complaint with the Madanryting Police Station on 20th June, 2023 to track down the suspects.
Vivek said that the people who showed the films at St. Anthony's did not want to show the films to the police and they said they would show them to the teachers of St. Anthony's.
The constituencies that have demanded change include South West Garo Hills, North Garo Hills and parts of West Garo Hills. of the district of Garo Hills.
It is rich in forests, flowers, birds and especially minerals such as coal, copper, selenite, granite, mica, uranium, iron ore and others. other de.
The Governor was sworn in by Meghalaya High Court Judge HS Thangkhiew at a function held at Raj Bhavan.
To facilitate the trade of farmers in the rural areas, the National Bank for Agricultural and Rural Development (NABARD) in collaboration with the JHDS has set a target to build a market in Namdong B village in the West. Jaintia Hills District is known as Rural Haat.
“The 40% allocation does not match the population,” said Bah Donbok.
Devension Lyngdoh of Rangmaw SC scored 45 runs for 4 wickets and was named Man of The Match. He was also named Man of the Tournament for scoring 238 runs and 19 wickets in all the matches of the tournament.
He said that at this meeting, they discussed the burden for the state government if it spends T.190 crore on the MCCL, so today it was suggested that it would be better. A joint venture has been launched to revive the dewbilat factory.
Rakbirthson D. Sangma from Garo Hills and Tapan Jyoti from Assam have filed a complaint against the sale of coal by the Meghalaya government in collaboration with Coal India Limited.
This re-testing by the officers and employees of the department has prompted the fish traders in the market not to sell or sell the fish until they have received a clear order from the government authorities.
The Services Sports Control Board (SSCB) came first with 128 medals (including 61 gold medals), followed by Maharashtra and Haryana.
In the sixth pre quarter match match between Nongkynrih Sports Club and Eastern Pirates, Nongkynrih Sports Club beat Eastern Pirates at UUP SC Ground. Eastern Pirates beat Eastern Pirates 4-3 in the tiebreaker.
“We have agreed to set up this bank to benefit the people of the area,” he said and denied the allegation by the Sengbhalang that the opening of this bank is an assistance to the Assam government.
Speaking to reporters, E.Syrti said that the violation of the rules and regulations by the foreigners has shocked the residents of East Jaintia Hills. East Jaintia Hills is still a green zone.
The Khasi Jaintia Church Leader's Forum (KJCLF) has praised the Chief Minister for his willingness to listen to the opinions of the people including various groups and church leaders as expressed from time to time to suspend the church. you can build a casino.
Synshar Lyngdoh Thabah, who will contest for the first time from the UDP, is the brother-in-law of HDR Lyngdoh, former MLA of the constituency and the UDP. You are the party that will not win the 2023 elections.
Shillong Lajong Football Club (SLFC) beat East Bengal 1-0 in the Second Division League on Tuesday at the Naihati Stadium in Kolkata. .
Speeches were also delivered by ABCD Secretary Hababiang Kharsohmat and Senior Adviser Badap Kharsohmat.
Speaking at the closing ceremony of the first Farmers' Dorbar Bah at the State Convention Centre, Prestone said that this Farmers' Dorbar Bah is very important and it is also the first time. This is the first time in the state to have such a meeting of farmers.
On the 30th November, MP Shillong Constituency Vincent H. Pala said that if we get the ILP, we will have to lose the Sixth Schedule. and we have to choose one of these.
The UDP has taken this step to expedite the election of office bearers as the holding of office bearer elections too close to the elections may be one of the reasons why the party has not had time to contest well. in the election.
He said that the contractors have agreed to complete the project before November.
The Sordars and the Secretary VEC have paid the salaries to those people who did not come to work.
“This shows that there is a serious suspicion of misuse of funds and in the handover of the project,” said the PAC member. “The CAG report is not available,” said the committee member.
“You have come.
Through the NFNS group we will stand together to demand, support and convey to our rulers in Parliament.
Why do we have to leave our own State, when, if the Government takes the initiative to make laws and regulations to set aside jobs for the youth of the country, we will be able to choose the jobs that we are qualified to do. 4.
Kayakers can take part in the Down River Sprint and Canoe Slalom Cross.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Himanta Biswa Sarma, has met the Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi in recent days to explain the situation affected by the floods. throughout the state.
The story behind the Syiem Aitnar, the religious rules say that from the day of the beginning of the Shad ñiam in the Raij Jwai, the Syiem Aitnar was consecrated by the lehñiam and from that day onwards, no person or persons are no longer to enter or do any work in the special area of ​​the Syiem Aitnar and if there are such persons who violate or violate the rules of religion, the signs and symptoms will appear in the disorderly conduct of the affairs. and also the absence of the gods, the chiefs and the person who commits such act shall be punished according to the religious laws under the supervision of the Dolloi as the head of the religion together with the Langdoh, the Pator, the Sangot and other Wasan and it is because of that sacredness and specialness of the Syiem Aitnar that it can be said that there is a miracle of God behind it and it is necessary to know it by many churches for the orderly organization of the Behdeiñkhlam festival. you Rice Jwai.
Although Rangdajied and Khliehmawlieh have suffered defeat, they still have hope and need to fight hard to come back with a victory.
The curfew around the market before the matric (sslc) examination, the lockdown, the lockdown due to the China (Covid-19) will severely affect the education of students not only in Meghalaya but also in Meghalaya. in the whole of India.
“Those who do it are the exploiters who want to win those people they want,” said Bah Shibun.
The culture of selfishness must disappear; The collection of taxes shall be clean, orderly and free from any corruption.
The legend tells us that at one time our Jaitbynriew decided to kill and destroy that thlen completely so that it would disappear and the people would live on the surface of Meiramew.
This time too, the MDA Government has spread the same false news because the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), which is the coalition party of the MDA Government, is in power in Assam and India.
For a long time she did not come to see them.
Besides the road, the residents are also facing problems regarding the lack of electricity and every time we have to stay in the dark due to the power outage, many of the residents have to stay in the dark at night due to the power outage. boarding.
In the first leg, Ladrymbai-B SC beat Musniang SC 2-0 with Dasukmiki Dkhar scoring in the 24th and 78th minutes.
The party believes that the forced removal of the seven MLAs, who are also MDCs, is a political ploy by the leaders in the Government.
According to the HSPDP leaders, Blanding has been missing since the 19th of this month which is also the day when the ethnic parties withdrew their support from the PDF. “It is not the party that forces but it is the decision of the MDCs who have agreed with each other. “What is the problem, let's talk clearly. “We are surprised, if anything happens, who will be responsible, we have to find our own people,” said Bah Pangniang. to talk and to give him the freedom to decide as he pleases and not to disappear.
The meeting between the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam was held at Janata Bhawan, Assam in the presence of the Chief Secretaries of the two states and other senior officials. Regional Committees within 15 days.
Speaking to reporters after returning from the Police Outpost, the President of the KSU said that the meeting lasted for several hours and they went to check the documents from the police station. whether permission was actually obtained and whether there was information forwarded to the police.
On this occasion, the students of Jowai Polytechnic have been able to build electric bicycles and three wheelers and four wheelers electric bikes.
Shylla said that in Lyngkhat, the BSF troops allowed Bangladeshis to carry dead cows, while in Pyrdiwah, they did not allow Khasi to carry dead cows. enter your own village.
"The followers of this group explain that Hindutva has to do with culture and not with religion.
Especially the candidates, they cannot hide their gifts to the people, to the constituency unless they are corrupt.
East Khasi Hills has 149 new cases, West Garo Hills 133 and Ribhoi District
In these verses we are told of Martha's kindness in welcoming Jesus and treating him very well—by preparing food and drink and washing the dishes.
Robert said that COMSO will not stand idly by but will continue to strengthen their protests and congratulated the people who have supported the State Government to pass the resolution. One thing we must be clear in our minds and knowledge is that there is not one teaching or one path to the truth in the world.
(Dr) K.S.Elangbam (MPHF) Major Donor, Governor Nominee 2023-24 as the Chief Guest.
He said that the Government's use of Land Lease to companies shows a clear violation of the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act 1972 which cannot be transferred by the owners to foreigners. of the tri-ri.
It is to be recalled that since last year, many of the residents of Nongstoiñ area as well as the depositors and withdrawals of money at the bank, have been complaining from time to time and also on the part of the Sengbhalang. They have also demanded and urged the management of the bank to improve these deposit machines, but so far there has been no sign.
The meeting decided to send both the names of the candidates to the District Election Committee of the Congress to decide who will be given the ticket.
He said that even if other political parties criticize, the VPP will continue to fight if there are any issues that affect the people.
Otherwise, the presence of MLAs from the Opposition will be in vain.
In the Qualifier-1 match between Sutnga SSCC and R.Shkenshynriah, Sutnga SSCC beat R.Shkenshynriah SC 2-1 Ioanis Suchen scored the goals for Sutnga SSCC in the 53rd minute and Ram Bareh in the 90+2nd minute.
Jowai, Naitung 11: The General Assembly of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has come to an end today. The session was chaired by its Chairman Dr. Sankey Shangpung.
Since 2013, we have seen this election campaign from the same household.
It may be recalled that the Meghalaya High Court, on 13th July 2016, has issued an order directing the State Government to enact a law for the Rangbah Shnongs. The Government has upheld the old decision not to allow Rangbah Shnongs to work or provide syrnot to the residents until there is a new Act, which the Government will pass. also obtain court approval.
“I went to Nongkrem because there is no UDP candidate from Nongkrem Constituency after the departure of Bah Ardent.
The group includes those who sell clothes, electrical appliances, household items, soh ki pai and others.
There are two schools, LP deficit and SSA U.P, both with 59 students and 6 teachers.
The union has already met with three District Medical and Health Officers of West Khasi Hills to discuss the need for adequate health facilities in the area.
This was confirmed by the Supreme Court on
Shillong: The North Eastern Hill University Students Union (NEHUSU) has sent a letter to the Minister of Electricity and Electricity, Shillong. Abu Taher Mondal, to remove the power outage, at such times when the students have their examinations.
This issue is very important these days because some children feel that their parents are a burden to them in their old age instead of giving them peace and comfort. I don't understand the value of parents by pursuing the pleasures of this world and there are parents who have their children in their hands but they live in places where the elderly or the old age shelter.
Isaiah 1:16–18.
I want to go to the free training of the salon in Umsning Ribhoi to start in September please help me how to do fast food training and how can I get training? I want to go to the training bakery or poultry farm you start lano.
The incident shocked the residents of Gyaraspur, a small village about 40 kilometers from Vidisha district in Madhya Pradesh.
Jowai, Jymmang 15: A 20-year-old girl from Jaintia Hills has lodged a complaint against Madonbai Rymbai, CEM of JHADC, alleging that he raped her inside a hotel room in the city. Delhi.
Bah Roykupar said the party has discussed the number of illegal immigrants in Lum Survey, because the people living in this area are unhappy and distrustful and many evil deeds come from the Lum Survey. this bag.
The meeting was also convened by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong in the presence of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar and other government officials. this Thursday to discuss the issue.
According to Tripathy, there is an unacceptable rule for transferring from one bank to another and that is only between the banks themselves and not with the public.
Cricket Smit CC won the match by three wickets and was named Player of the Match by Pynkhrawbok Thabah.
The construction of this road at Pdein Charieñ, Lapangap has resumed in the past few days with the assistance of the Assam Police despite the strong opposition of the residents of Lapangap as this road passes through farmland and land. of the residents of Lapangap.
" said Mr. Bareh.
Nongpoh, June 05: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Northern Region (HNYF) Northern Region (HNYF) has expressed its deep sorrow over the lack of signboards to warn drivers along the NH-40 from Jorabat to Umiam. The absence of these signboards, especially in market places and crowded places, has also led to tragic incidents from time to time.
Jowai, Naitung 19: The 3rd Division Football Tournament 2023, organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) was held on Tuesday at Kiang Nangbah Stangi Stadium. Jowai.
Our lives on this earth have become increasingly difficult because all food is no longer free from all kinds of dangers.
He urged the group to be a messenger to the youth to avoid being involved in alcohol abuse.
Mont Blanc necklaces worth T.50 lakh, four luxury vehicles including two Mercedes and two Fortuners were also recovered. .225 crore.
To truly love one's country, these TWO qualities are the most important.
Shillong, Nailar 28: The Meghalaya People's United Front (MPUF) and the Khasi Jaintia National Union (KJNU) on the 27th of this month held a meeting to discuss the issue. Many of the taxi drivers operating in the Jowai region came to participate and on that day the drivers of commercial vehicles.
Shillong: Police of East Jaintia Hills District, on 30th June 2024, conducted a search operation at Ratacherra Infil Check Post at 10 pm, where a Night Super MTC bus carrying a u Registration number ML-03-0216 was suspended and searched.
Shillong: To express their opposition to the two MLAs, Bah Methodius Dkhar and Bah Shangkliar Warjri, who won the election from the HSPDP party, who left to support the government led by the NPP, the Sengbhalang At this public meeting, some of the leaders of the political parties who spoke expressed their opposition to the actions of these two MLAs. Speaking at the meeting were Bah Erwin K Sutnga, Bah Donbok Dkhar President HITO, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh Vice President HYC. MPSO President Thomas Passah, Puriti Phawa and Roykupar Synrem General Secretary of the HYC have all expressed their opposition to the actions of these MLAs. Prestone Tynsong, leader of HITO, said that they have come out to protest against the government. to jail.
The CEO said that only the candidate of the United Democratic Party (UDP) can file the nomination papers as the other candidates have already filed their nomination papers and their documents have been checked. who have already confirmed their candidacy.
Police of Pragjyotishpur Police Station on receiving a tip on the incident rushed to the scene and with the help of the State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) recovered the body. The body of Heibormi was recovered on Tuesday evening while the body of Rahul was recovered today.
His remarks did not please the NPP and the MPCC.
Shillong, July 05: The Shillong Cricket League 2024, organized by the Shillong Cricket Association in collaboration with the Samkhamti, has been postponed to its third day.
The Meghalaya Assembly Committee on Women Empowerment today visited West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai and held a meeting with the relevant departments to discuss many issues related to women and children in Jowai. the district.
His good deeds shall be remembered, and his name shall live upon the children of the inheritance of the land.
College Ka Sohra Government College, Seng War Jaintia, To all the neighbours, relatives, relatives, and all the friends from near and far who have come to condole with us in these days.
He said the party would appoint a committee to look into the matter.
Kohima: News has spread on social media in Nagaland that a precious stone mine has been discovered at Wakching in Mon district of Nagaland.
Therefore, the KHADC has decided to search for them the next day as a way of supporting and encouraging their brothers and sisters by canceling other tourism programmes.
“There will be no other political party that can provide better services except the Voice of the People Party,” said VPPU leader Bah Basaiawmoit. The VPP has been able to address all the shortcomings in many government departments, which has become like a source of inspiration in the face of the state.
There are also students who after sitting inside the classrooms are expelled because it is not their room to write the exam.
Khliehiongriang, who came second, scored all four goals in the second half.
On the part of Rev.BR Pamshong, Rev.BR Pamshong, spoke on the 25th anniversary of the Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Synod. The Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Synod has been able to give glory to God.
He said that he will distribute the Bill to all the MDCs of KHADC so that they can read it.
Odisha Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik said on Friday that the party has joined another party as announced by the ethnic parties. The Biju Janata Dal (BJD) will contest alone in the Lok Sabha elections next year as it has done so from time to time.
However, there is no restriction on anyone to make demands because this is a democratic country.
Only those people who have experienced the truth from these gods who have that miraculous power which they do not announce publicly in society and do their own work to improve humanity.
Jowai, March 02: Chutwakhu FC has won the 6th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy of the 2nd Division Football Tournament 2023 organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA). The meeting was held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, East Jowai.
They said that they have seen every day in the newspapers that Bah Process has an intention to join the Congress but today it has become clear.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Paul Lyngdoh gave the glory to God who has opened the way for him to visit and inaugurate this beautiful place which God has put in order with the A beautiful nature that reminds us of the greatness of the Creator through the hills, valleys, valleys that attract and attract visitors.
The ASHAs have demanded that the government should increase the daily wage to T.150 tyngka per day, as at present the government pays only T.900 tyngka per day. The booth has 4 ASHAs, some have 5 or 6 ASHAs and so on. When the government distributed the T.900 tyngka, the ASHA leaders said: He said that they receive only T.50 or T.60 and T.70 tyngka per day.
Rev Hynniewta said it is a sad thing to receive such news and many people are waiting for the news to come from their meeting with MR and to receive good news. .
It can be understood that there has been a strong force that has urged the Khasi people to change their identity and to join the wahbah with other peoples, especially to become like other peoples who are considered ethnic minorities. father.
The Lapangap Dorbar Shnong on Monday requested the district administration to set up a police station in Lapangap village at Lum Moopyrdet Pynthor Lapangap for the safety of the residents.
He said that the Central Government is committed to develop more health related facilities, from buildings and others in the area so that effective treatment options.
Mawlynnong was named the cleanest village in Asia in 2003 and in India in
The truck, owned by Kadir Malik from Karimganj, Assam, was hit by a truck.
The program was organized by Mutong Tourism Promotion and Environment Protection Society, the Office of the Deputy Commissioner EJH and the Tourism Promotion Society which is part of Jaintia Eastern College with the support of the private sector and the Association of Cement Factories.
“We have also found that the Garo Rangbah Shnongs of 10 villages are involved in issuing the No Objection Certificate (NoC) for the construction of the casino.
Metbah said the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has also decided to introduce this system in the state.
This demonstrates good governance in a democracy.
“As an MLA, I will not allow this.
Referring to the 25 years that the leaders of Pynthorumkhrah constituency have done to curb drugs, Rocky Hek said that in the past 25 years they have not done anything at all, whether it should be prevented or not. He said that if he gets into the Assembly, he will tied table-tied shuki on the issue of the spread of alcohol. drugs.
“We are in the same government.
“We have lodged complaints with the electricity department, because even though we have lodged complaints, no one has taken action and listened, so we have had to lodge what happened. even if we have to live without electricity or live in darkness,” said one of the residents.
However, he said that after that, he decided to suspend the meeting for a while because there was no understanding between the elders.
Speaking of films, Priyanka will be seen in Jee Le Zaraa along with Katrina Kaif and Alia Bhatt.
There have also been cases where the national parties have tried to form a government on their own such as the three flag government (APHLC, HSPDP, PDIC) in
The welcome ceremony started at Thadlaskein.
Shillong: Police in Hynniewmer Ri Bhoi District today arrested 10 foreigners who had entered Meghalaya without proper documents. Police have sent back these people to their places of origin.
Jelius Khongshling scored the first goal for Dawki in the 40th minute while Johnson Khongmalai scored the second goal for Wahkdait in the 45th minute.
Vincent said that in the past during the Congress government, it had deployed police to protect these people living in the area and there was also an understanding between Assam and Meghalaya.
Nongstoiñ: The SSA Teachers of West Khasi Hills District will hold a big meeting on the 4th February 2019 at the Bishop Conference Hall, Nongstoiñ at 11 am.
On the occasion, Bah Hamlet also informed that 10 lakh tyngka has been allocated for the construction of the Homiwell School at Mawklot.
At Chuwakhu Indoor Auditorium, Jowai, about 7 schools attended the training program organized by the Superintendent of Police, Jowai, in the presence of Superintendent of Police, C.Syrti. The meeting was conducted by the DSP, CW Lyngdoh.
Shillong, Naitung, 02: With the initiative to pursue the target of USD 10 Billion by 2023, the State Government under the leadership of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma has taken steps to promote tourism. It is estimated to employ about 50,000 people per annum and contribute up to 4.1% to the Gross State Domestic Product (GSDP) of the state.
Thongni said that the loss has been excessive as they have lost their house and they have cash about T.5 lakh inside. They have received 10 quintals of sying which they have not yet sold. They have received 10 quintals of sying along with rice and some gold. It is estimated that it cost about 15 lakh tyngka.
Step 11.
Matchallang was shot dead in the forest near Bawe Durangre village near Williamnagar in East Garo Hills.
Shillong, March 14: The Red Ribbon Club and NSS, Sohra Government College, in collaboration with the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society (MACS) and the Regional Blood Centre, Pasteur Institute, Shillong, have organized an awareness-cum- Voluntary Blood Donation Camp at Sohra Government College Campus on the 11th of this month.
The attack came nearly 10 months after the United States warned Russian authorities earlier this month of a possible terrorist attack on public places in Moscow. , the White House said hours after the tragedy.
According to him, the state government has many programs in July including the Meghalaya Games, Meghalaya Day, Republic Day and others.
In this regard, he expressed his gratitude to the people of the state who have worked with the government despite many difficulties they have faced and said that the government is also trying and will continue to try as long as can deceive the people in all respects.
Lyngdoh said that these MLAs have left the Congress party and joined another party because they have understood that they will lose the ticket to contest from the constituency. won this time.
The construction of the market will start soon after all the requirements have been met.
The investigation also revealed that there was a preparation to detonate IED bombs between 24 and 48 hours in Shillong after the incident in Laitumkhrah. any injuries to personnel.
This is the second incident at the school in just the past six months.
Speakers on the occasion included Bah C Nongbri, Bah A Wanniang, Bah JJ Hashah, Rangbah Shnong Nonghlam, Bah N Marwein, Rangbah Shnong Umsur and Bah AM Diengngan.
“The electricity supply has been running smoothly, as usual in the state,” he said.
He further alleged that this government has suspended and ignored the surrendered members of the parties and deprived them of what was promised to them.
If we cannot bring back or encourage the students to appreciate and appreciate the job creation and stay in the government jobs, the future will be dark and I am afraid that this will happen. Peaceful work will turn thieves, robbers and destroyers of society, enslavement of our beloved country and nation in future generations.
The quake killed at least 22,000 people in western Turkey and another 3,500 in northern Syria.
Nine border villages of Assam, in Palashbari area of ​​Kamrup district, have criticized the BJP for not providing any development opportunities to the area. They have decided to connect these villages with Meghalaya, according to the North East Now.
Speaking as the chief guest, he said that the Bio Fertilizer Unit will assist the State Government in the initiative to introduce agriculture without the use of fertilizers.
The Dolloi could not accept this, because they did it without his participation and therefore he sent a letter No.DEA/2020-21 dated 13th July 2020 informing the General Secretary Shnong, Jarain. to arrive at Jarain Village on the 18th July 2020 at 11:00 AM for the election of the Acting Waheh Shnong.
They strongly criticized the central government, which has secretly harassed the leaders of these four parties by spreading rumors about the ILP. The ILP has prompted these organizations to gather the village leaders so that the village leaders can give their support to the demand for the implementation of the ILP in the state.
He said the cooperation between the people and the government through public private partnership (PPP) and investment to develop agriculture is very important.
The actors who took part in the film are Albert Mawrie, Baia, HN Lamare and Elmer War Distian Kharpuri.
Inningstar won the toss and elected to bat first. Sportive Juniors tied 188 runs for five wickets at the end of 20 overs.
Shillong: The State Government has declared a public holiday on 28th July, 2019 for the teachers of adhoc schools from lower primary to higher secondary.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek said that he has come to meet with the district authorities and the DMHO office on the preparations to prevent the spread of the disease. The Coronavirus has been cleared in Ri Bhoi and what remains now is the cooperation of all parties to ensure that the Coronavirus does not reach Meghalaya.
It may be recalled that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, had written a letter to the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, on 28th November 2014, on the issue of the National Green Tribunal banning the mining of coal. the basis for the protection of forests and the beauty of nature.
On receiving the report of the Commission, the government has taken punishment against those involved and this has been done by the relevant departments.
The Organizing Secretary of the union, Richard Mawkhiew, said that last month, the union had met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah PS Dkhar to inform him that the BLOs are conducting a thorough inspection. The DC has confirmed that the checking of names should go to every household and no registration should be conducted in the households of private individuals. household of any individual, but shall be held at Pooling Stations.
Unfortunately, the Government has decided to demolish and convert the Tirot Singh Indoor Stadium into a Government office building, which has been named Tirot Singh Bhavan.
If we look at the history of Nongwah in Kamrup in 1891, Dollip Singh became the king of Nongwah and the Nongwah are pure Khasi stock.
The construction of new buildings will help us to accelerate the development of the state and its people.
The age check will be held on the 21st at the Indoor Stadium, Ladweitang, Nongstoin from 10 am.
According to the statement, the union has also informed that for the Inter School, there are three categories for boys and girls; we are Under-13, Under-16 and Under-1
Before sitting down and concluding their speeches, these leaders congratulated these two agencies for their hard work to make these two tournaments a success and a smooth running. walk orderly.
T.214.23 lakh tyngka will be spent to decorate the stone statues in Nartiang including inscriptions, stone seats and others.
Nongstoiñ: The 2nd Invitation Knock Out Football Tournament organized by the New Nongstoin Sports Social and Cultural Club (NNSSCC) will resume today. the Foundation of the Hills.
“In this regard, the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram requests you as the Prime Minister to take action on this issue to avoid any problem in the future,” said the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram. The office bearers include Bah Tyllilang Myrthong and Bah Lurshai Langpen.
Last year, 5 of them came.
This was announced by the Publicity Secretary of the party, Tricky Mukhim.
Emanbhah Marbaniang scored the first goal for Jyntru from a penalty in the box.
“Conrad speaks like his father, and acts like a father.
“Such a lie makes the Garo people look like they are the shitengkhlieh who just stir up even the unfounded.
He said that even the MLA has already visited the illegal quarrying in the Byrni area which affects the environment, so he requested the MLA to visit the illegal quarrying in the Byrni area. The Jowai By-Pass Road has been illegal.
He was born on 21st November 1945 and married at the age of 17 to Zathiangi, his first wife and head of the household. whole.
Speaking to media, Bah Tynsong said, “We received a complaint on the evening of the 9th of this month regarding the use of fake number plates.
Shillong: The body of Wandalin Kongor (26) who died in Delhi was buried on Friday at Dwarka Christian Cemetery. , Delhi in Dwarka in the presence of relatives, Vasant Kunt Police Station, Sub Inspector of North East Delhi Police, Delhi Police North East Representative from Meghalaya and Meghalaya Police.
The Telangana Government has continued to inspect the proposed construction sites and bring in many roads for the benefit of the people especially in terms of their travel to the sites. not farther away.
On the part of Indahun Iawphniaw, Lumjingsuk Iawphniaw together with their father Bah Phrimland Lyngkhoi and mother Kong Takda Iawphniaw expressed their gratitude and praise to God who has raised and cared for them in their journey. for without Him they could not be as they are.
Shillong, Naiwieng 3: A group of robbers who used to commit robbery, robbery and other crimes in the Agia-Rongsai-Tikrikilla area of ​​Lum Garo this evening have arrested He was arrested by the Tikrikilla Police Station.
Shillong, March 03 : The BJP, which is one of the coalition parties in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government, has admitted that three MLAs from other parties have resigned from the party. party in the MLA elections in
Now, the era has changed.
The government should have upgraded the Seiñduli, Umsohpieng, Umdang, Riangdim and Missei Sub Health Centers to Primary Health Centers for the benefit of the people. .
Shillong, Nailur 17: The Secretary of the HSPDP Mawkyrwat, Bah D.Snaitang, on Tuesday said that the party has decided not to support the party's candidate Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar. The HSPDP's ticket to Bah Renik is an act of violence without the consent of the Area Unit.
“There are problems with generation, we have two or three sources of energy such as from solar, hydro, and wind.
The Skill Training was conducted at Bosco Pnar MVTC Salini Colony-Mihmyntdu-Jowai.
Jowai, Jymmang 9: The SP of West Jaintia Hills District has seized three trucks carrying illegal coal without Transits Challan and carrying more than 25 tonnes of illegal coal. Meghalaya and Assam.
The ceremony was attended by Bah Mayralborn Syiem MLA Nongpoh, along with the village leaders and youth organizations, while at Tyrso, Bah Joannes Lamare, volunteer, In the presence of the Rangbah Shnong of Tyrso Nongkyllep, teachers, Sisters and other Rangbah Shnong of the area.
The Seng will soon gather the Village Leaders, Elders and Leaders of the area to work together to achieve this aspiration of the people of the area as a whole.
To find out the truth, Bah Paliar said that a group of elders of the area have gathered together to discuss and decided to seek RTI information from the District Council Affairs (DCA). However, the surprising thing is that in the RTI, the government has not been able to answer why it has not been able to hold mid-term MDC elections. and it is not clear whether the constituencies without MDCs have received the MDC scheme.
This has led to tensions at the border as well as in relation to local governance.
JAC Secretary Juhhi Tariang said that this decision was taken after meeting with the health department, but nothing was done to implement the demands of the JAC to appoint staff, doctors. In another development, the Mynsngat Namdong Khanduli Development Committee (MNKDC) has expressed its gratitude to the MDA government, the Local MLA who is also the Minister of State, Sniawbhalang. MNKDC leaders Denis Dkhar and Yoshida Nongspung who are president and secretary expressed their gratitude to Doctor I /C together with all the staff despite the shortage of staff have worked hard to look after the patients at the PHC and Sub-Centres for the needs of the people.
Shillong: Following the announcement to ban teachers from taking part in politics, the Minister in charge of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, on Tuesday said that the The government is always clear that politics is not a part-time job and teaching is not a part-time job, but both jobs have their own responsibilities and He said that the State Government on 5th October 2021 has amended the Service Rule of teachers in the allocated schools to run according to the rules of the Government.
Not only that, there is also an order that they should not carry people beyond the limit or overcharge the price set by the State Government.
He said that the union urges the contractors to complete the road as soon as possible, as the government's deadline to complete the road has passed.
The AICC chief's visit comes after the party has been shocked by the frequent visits of BJP ministers to the state even to the rural areas to see the development.
It is worth mentioning that the night of the 20th will also be a night of mourning and mourning for many people who remember the jobs they used to do on this bridge, especially the clothes vendors and others. and the vendors on the Motphran Bridge, to see that the bridge which has been built, which has been cleaned and which has educated them, will be destroyed.
Roykupar asked whether the government has an estimate of how many people live in Normal Shillong.
Together with her supporters, Angela, Wanpynhun and Kyrsoibor marched from their residences to the Deputy Commissioner's office on the morning of 2nd June.
Rev. Daffydd Andrew Jones has named him in his book, From Corris to Cherra, as a preacher, teacher, PASTOR, TRANSLATOR AND AUTHOR. This great Welsh Missionary was born in Corris, Wales in 1842, a year after the arrival of Thomas Jones I in Khasiland.
When asked about the destruction of the foundation stone, the complainant denied that he had any knowledge and it was not the act of the group.
“The long-standing misunderstandings among the coalition partners within the MDA fold have become public and exposed," the TMC said in a statement sent on Tuesday.
Regarding these incidents, the Manipur ethnic groups have alleged that the Chief Minister – N Biren Singh, the state police department and two Meitei working groups They have been involved in throwing water to increase the violence and bloodshed in Manipur.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Bihar by six wickets in the Senior One-Day Trophy in Puducherry today.
It is not known whether the GPO authorities failed because of the opposition of these two organizations or for other reasons.
Shillong, July 10: Two large cows have been stolen by a group of robbers at Nongrim Jirang village, Ri Bhoi District while people were sleeping in the middle of the night. The light of the sun is shining on the middle of the day.
cases in West Jaintia Hills, 3 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 2 cases in South Garo Hills.
He said that according to the allocation for the five years through the 15th Finance Commission, T.322.40 crore has been allocated through the SDRF and T.81 crore through the SDMF in which the State Government has allocated 10 per cent, while the State Government has allocated 10 per cent. The Central Government has paid 90 to
The Symposium helps to bring together experts around the world to look at recent developments, ongoing research and challenges related to ABP. More than 200 participants from 56 countries WADA officials, members and experts from various National Anti-Doping Groups, Athlete Passport Management Units (APMUs) and WADA recognized laboratories participated in the Symposium.
When a person no longer hears or sees the opinion, what is right and what is wrong, or that the thoughts or actions of others are right or wrong, and that only he is wrong. FINATIC – which means in Khasi words BUAID.
When asked whether he has been out of electricity for many months, no one has come to repair or replace it. He replied that until these days, no one has come to believe in the outage. this village.
On the other hand, these Sengbhalang leaders strongly condemned Bah Stodar Dkhar who has no responsibility for the region and the nation. but he has stirred up the patriotic spirit of this Sirdar.
In the final, Mawkajem Unit won 4-1 against UUP.
In conclusion, the Sordar said that although the dorbar yesterday has failed, he has decided to convene another dorbar, although the date has not yet been decided.
Because one virus can infect many people, according to the WHO, one person infected with the virus can infect more than 4 (4.7) people. people who are close to those who have this disease, and those who are newly infected will also be affected.
In Madanrting, Dorian Dean Nongrum won the gold medal in the sub 42kg category, Femi Rymbai won the gold medal in the sub 36kg category and Marvisha Sohklet won the gold medal in the sub 36kg category. -junior girls under-42kg.
Our campaign has shown the strength of Team India.
Shillong Lajong Football Club lost 5-1 to Ambernath United 2022-23 in the Hero 2nd Division I-League 2022-23 at the Cooperage Stadium, Mumbai.
The party and its supporters elected him to sit in the House to advocate for the issues of the constituency, the country and the nation. light of darkness".
Dozens of police vehicles along with motorcycles were patrolling as if the city was under curfew.
Therefore, the union demands that the government should not bring a casino in Ri Bhoi whether it is in any place or part of the border of Ri Bhoi and if the government does not listen to them, He added that the party will not hesitate to take other measures to protest against the proposal to set up a casino which is a major challenge affecting all sectors of the society.
Meghalaya's women's athletes include Dianchidora N Sangma, Dubleen D Nengnong, Indariakor Kharwaniang, Fennysha Nongrum, Ankita Sharma, Kambesa Agitok, Abiezer Kharsyiem, Janicka R Marak, Monica Singh, Emisakani Warjri and Rikmanchi. M Sangma, Jayshree Singh, Awesa G Momin, Jaylynn R Marak and Natasha Rabha.
He said that the first phase of the Khyndai Lad area will start in July and the District and Municipal authorities have been instructed to carry out the works. must be repaired, and completion is expected at least in March.
If education is not given to a person, he will not become wise.
Speaking after the launch of the souvenir of the school, Prestone recalled that when Laitlyngkot and Umthli were under Lyngkyrdem constituency under his tenure as MLA, the school was built by the school. The school is still a UP School and he said that thought has been given how to upgrade it to Secondary School and now it has succeeded.
Bah Wailadmiki said that because he did not like to study medicine he decided to leave and start working in the public service.
I'm sorry I do speak Khasi, but I have lived away for over 20years- so my writing is not as fluent.
One Future.
“We know that, we will not make a mistake, if there is any shortage, they will continue to provide from time to time, from year to year,” said Pa'iem.
, Meghalaya Police Football Team, NCC (Boys and Girls), Meghalaya Bharat Scouts & Guides and the Brass Band of Border Wing Home Guards, Border Security Force and ARC Pipe Band at Madan Polo, Shillong.
Furthermore, the party also expressed its gratitude to the brothers and sisters who have supported and been the budlum of the party.
Also present on the occasion were Bipul Thangkhiew, President of the RBYF, Bah OB Marbanniang, General Secretary of the RBYF, Bah Dipul Ryntathiang, Chairman of MeECL; Paiem H.Wahlang, Syiem of Jirang Hima, BDO of Jirang C&RD Block, Village Leaders of the area and many elders.
LUMSHNONG: The Jaintia Students Movement (JSM) Eastern Region (ER) has protested against the closure of the NHAI Toll Gate in Lumshnong. cover your bag.
The Tenants Bill 2013, which was amended into an Act, but only in 2016, the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act (MRSSA) 2016 was introduced, which will make it easier for those who come and stay in the state.
Without delay, the Commissioner of Assam Province, Sir David Scott, sent a message to the Khasi Chiefs to sign a social agreement to build the road. it was for the development and peace without interfering with the power and authority of the Khasi Syiems in their own Himas.
It is very dangerous because it divides the people if you walk in the voice of religion.
In a statement, Bah Shaining Kynta, Finance Secretary CORP Sengkmie, said that during the meeting with the Khasi residents of Block-II, they expressed their desire to stay in Meghalaya because of their documents. They have documents belonging to Meghalaya such as from EPIC and Register their land inside Meghalaya.
In a statement, the Vice President of the HNYF, Bah KS Rani, said that the people of the area live by farming to get food and drink, to send their children to school. They are often dependent on agricultural products such as kwai, tympew, sohmrit, synsar, sohniamtra and others.
On the other hand, the food production rate is 0.9%-1.6% and therefore the food security of the people is not enough.
Speaking on the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the governments of Meghalaya and Assam, Bah Lamphrang said it is a hasty move by the government for personal gain and fame.
The Seng said that in 2019 there was a plan to change the name of this road to Ardhendhu Choudhary Road without the knowledge and approval of the Dorbar Shnong KOR and the residents. The Dorbar Shnong KOR has suspended the proposal and on 27th November, 2022 the residents of the Shnong KOR have decided to strengthen this road to Hoping Stone Lyngdoh Road and have sent a letter to the relevant authorities. .
On the other hand, it was witnessed on Tuesday during the heavy rain in the evening and the strong wind, these tins were shattered until it was seen that they were about to fall. There is a need for the relevant authorities, whether under the jurisdiction of the Hima Mylliem, to take immediate action before these tragic incidents happen.
All the 21.62 Lakh voters are urged not to waste their precious vote.
Manager Accounts.
I have no doubt about the hard work of the Health Department.
The flag was raised by Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MLA Shillong North.
Because this is not because it destroys the human dignity of the Khasi people.
The central theme is “Safe Blood Save Lives”.
They have sent a letter of reminder in December 2021 to DP Wahlang, Additional Chief Secretary in charge of the education department.
According to the Ejahar, which the two youths lodged at Umroi PIC, Banjop Maring, August Nongrum and other unidentified persons allegedly attacked Tyngshain. Makri and Banteilang Lapang, while they were inside a shop in Bhoirymbong.
When they don't find many, they proclaim that those who believe and say that there is a God are merely superstitious and have been misunderstood somewhere.
They got home at 11 minus 5 minutes.
On the other hand, the union today led by General Secretary Leningrad Tariang, Finance Secretary Phrangki Papang and several members of the union today visited the road to see for themselves.
He said the government will not allow the media to mislead the people with false news.
Devraj Mohapatra has won third place in the Sub Junior Boys category for Meghalaya. Recurve Division and at the same time to win the third title in the Junior Boys Recurve Division.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Banpynskhemlang Wahlang, Independent Candidate for IND, who took part in the first speech, said that he does not want to criticize or promise anything to the people. -The will of the people to choose and in the struggle itself there will always be a winner and a loser because if 7 people are elected, one will win and the others will lose.
“Once there is a cooperation between the Government and the residents, it is here that we see the signs of development of these villages,” he said.
It is learned that on the final day of the tournament, there was a threat from Islamist groups to carry out terrorist activities on that day but the tournament went smoothly as it was prepared by tight security forces. Earlier, there were two pornography and whore contests.
This work was completed before the end of the month on the 30th of July, 2022 and the people were delighted to see that the MLA came to inaugurate it in the presence of officers from the health department, village leaders and the landlord as well.
He congratulated the MLA for taking the initiative to create the path for the implementation of this project.
I like Linda's writings because they are really useful to me.
"The players were offered water, coca cola and sugar-free Coca-Cola when they arrived at the press conference," the spokesman said.
Old juti, clothes and clothes worn by the sick and dead from all over India were scattered on the streets.
Pynursla, Naiwieng 29: Pynursla Police today recovered the body of a man from a forest in Lyngkyrdem village.
The last time that a foreigner from the state passed the examination was in 2012-1
Laloo said that there are 33 employees to clean up the garbage within the Jowai Municipal Board and 10 of them are day laborers at a salary of 6000 tyngka per month.
God wants righteousness from man and man must be free from sin.
Regarding the outflow of people to the market in Jowai, the DC of WJHD alleged that this incident was due to the spread of news through the media.
Replying to rumors that the UDP may form a government with the Congress, Dr Jemino said there is no such intention from the party.
Speaking to media, Kong Ampareen said she has requested an explanatory report on the incident.
For more information please call 8256983718 and
It is surprising to see a sharp difference between the purchase price of units from NEEPCO and MeECL which is T.2.24 while the price of one unit is T.
In two coaching camps, Bellary and Kolkata, they taught this method.
By evacuating patients from rural areas and taking them to Covid Care Centers.
The Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) has erected a signboard inside the boundary of Khanduli village in West Jaintia Hills. the seven places it has not started yet.
"Other states like Maharashtra are struggling to employ the villagers after the workers have returned to their states but what our government has done is to have a policy to protect only the villagers. villages who know that they can know their movements but they release freely and open the way for workers to come from abroad whose movements they cannot know.
However, the complainants said that there is always corruption in the coal mining industry with the involvement of people from outside the state.
In another match, Diengshynrum SC continued to win by beating Wapung Combine 1-0 with Ibashisha Khongwet scoring in the 68th minute from the penalty spot.
Deforestation, therefore, can turn any place into a desert because all the water sources will dry up and all the living things will flee or die.
In the forest she gave birth to Mar Phalangki and raised him in this place, but while he was growing up the story of his physical strength reached the Syiem of Jaintiapur and made him the Syiem. that he may appoint him as one of the Ministers.
It may be recalled that five money demanders were shot dead in the same village last year, while in another report, it was reported that the people shot and tied a member of the village. The GNLA on Tuesday surrendered to Resubelpara, North Garo Hills.
This clearly shows their understanding of the NEP and the vision for the future of education in the state.
The union urged the government especially the MLA of the area to take action on this issue for the benefit of the people of the area and at the same time requested the government to recruit more employees so that the youth of the area can find jobs. Narpuh will benefit from this block.
Jowai, July 09: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), of West Jaintia Hills District, today announced that the price of Umphniang Sharak has been renewed.
This information visit was part of the collection, research and writing and to encourage the Kur leaders, Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and Dorbar Hima to keep detailed records on these Law Kyntang.
“We have decided to read the Bill which is being prepared by the government,” said Bah Syiem.
Therefore, the word tiar and atiar is often used to be borrowed from a foreign language, but it is not so and it may be that others have borrowed it from the Khasi language or it may have happened by chance that they the syriem is the way of speaking.
“Why are these people brave and the reason is because of the influence of politicians, who provide documents for a long time during the elections for themselves,” said Ardent.
Kharshiing said the state has witnessed corruption in government departments in the past, the people and young job seekers have been cheated and insulted by the rich and powerful people. until they lost their rights.
The Border Security Force (BSF) Meghalaya in the past 24 hours has seized a large quantity of Phensedyl, kyiad and shina from the border areas of South Garo Hills and East Jaintia Hills. They were smuggled into Bangladesh.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 07: The KSU North Khasi Hills District (KSU) today met with the DMHO of Ri-Bhoi District, Dr TS Momin. District on the shortcomings and delays of the Mawlasnai PHC which serves thousands of people in the border area, and created problems for the people in terms of health care because even a minor illness has to be treated. go to other places.
Chiehruphi opened the scoring through Defender Pajat in the 47th minute but Synrang Shahkhian struggled to score the first goal in the 83rd minute through Richard Dkhar.
Shillong: The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) under the leadership of its President and General Secretary has expanded its offices across the state.
New Delhi: It is not the responsibility of the MLA to provide rainfall and the MLA does not have a scheme to provide rainfall to those in need of water; However, the women of Uttar Pradesh have used their MLA to shake hands with him as part of a prayer to the goddess of rain.
“You will see that when you and I have to talk, we use polite words, but when I talk to you through social media, I use polite words. boring.
Regarding the border issue, HANM said that as the HNLC has protected its members from the attacks by the insurgents in the Khanduli area, “I would also like to request that it will put this issue in the peace talks with the HNLC. the government" he said.
They expressed their belief that the Inquiry Commission has revealed the name of the killer and has placed responsibility on all those involved in the commission of the crime and should be arrested or punished according to the rules of the the law and if they are the police should be suspended.
Members of the Jaintia Students Movement (JSU) on receiving information about the arrival of Lakmen Rymbui, Minister in charge of Education, gathered together and stood forward to call for a college. government in East Jaintia Hills District.
It is for this reason that I want the people to trust me as an individual, because the recognition of the people is as an individual and not as a member of a party or any organization. please do it".
It has been seen that even the Seng Khasi has celebrated the Sngi U Blei, in which we have met children, youth, women, elders who have gone to the Seng houses to hold discussions, to listen. the teachings of the Lord and other teachings relating to the life of knowledge of man and knowledge of God.
He said that journalists often show the plight of children who are suffering because of their disaster or the abuse of adults.
Up to 390 students have been admitted to the Post Graduate Program between 2023-2
The daily arrival and market price of synsar is posted on the AGMARKET portal and MEGAMB portal which can be viewed by the farmers to know the price.
Wenger, along with his parents, Alphonse and Louise, have relied on life by opening a restaurant, La Croix d'Or. eat much of a person’s daily life.
In this Temple he will worship God.
Speaking to reporters at his office, u Bah Adelbert said, “To save the nation, I have to go through any path”. “All this will be done on the 27th,” he said.
I have been attacked, six times, earlier too and this is the ninth".
It is because of these things that God is angry with this present generation, and therefore man must save himself individually from this corrupt and destructive human generation.
He said that the appearance of toll gates especially at Umdihar village near Nongpoh, which has just started to be installed this morning, has encouraged the drivers of goods vehicles. “This is the reason why there has been a sharp increase in the price of various commodities in Meghalaya,” he added.
Shillong, November 18: A house built of lytang snep and tin near the Meghalaya Rural Bank, Lum Shatsngi, Kenches Trace, has been destroyed by a fire. It's God's Day.
He said that those found guilty of violating these rules will be fined T.25,000 or 3 years in jail or both. imprisonment for 3 to 7 years with a fine of not less than T.25,000.
The lawyer for the father, who wants to take his own jait, said that the jait of the child should belong to the father, not to the mother. Why can’t she take her mother’s clan.
Shillong, March 25: The quarter final of the SSA 4th Division Football League 2023 was held at the 1st Ground of the SSA Stadium on Tuesday (March 25, 2023). Pommura SC became the first team to reach the semi final after beating Pommura SC by 10 goals. In the first half, Kharang SC didn't score a goal through Laban Taro (47 minutes).
Shillong: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of State for Sports, today honored the players of the Ryntih Sports and Cultural Club, who are scheduled to take part in the Hero League Qualifiers. in Bangalore, from 4th to 25th March,
During the years when he was the Prime Minister, many of the Congress leaders also stood up against many issues related to the development of the people of the state.
In rural areas, parents of school children can control teachers.
He said that the Investigating Officer (IO) of Pynursla Police Station has done his duty.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Orilan Shylla said that from year to year on this day, they have been planting trees and inspecting the trees that have already been planted, but this year after the floods. On 26th June 2020, it was found that the banks of the Myntdu River and the trees along it have been covered with plastic and other garbage which has caused the change in the appearance of these rivers. part of the Myntdu River.
The National President of the National People's Party (NPP) and Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma on Saturday met with the leaders and office bearers of the BJP and expressed his confidence to win the elections. In this Lok Sabha election from all four Lok Sabha seats in the State, Shillong and Tura.
When he arrived in Khanapara, the CEM expressed his satisfaction to see that the women under the umbrella of the Border Welfare Committee (BWC) have welcomed him. There are only about 25 households in this area and it is not easy for them to live in this border area near Guwahati.
All the employees at these revenue collection gates of NHAI are foreigners, and NHAI is also a foreigner who comes to do business in the state without a Trading Licence.
Through Twitter, the prime minister said that Parliament will be convened soon, four days, on Friday, to discuss the situation in Syria and after that, there will be a meeting. voted by the assembly to support the war against Assad.
They were arrested by the ANTF of East Khasi Hills from Umpling.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur, 23: Leaders of the PHE Western Circle Contractors and Suppliers Association (PHE) under the leadership of Bah JTS Thongni President of the Association which includes Mairang, Nongstoiñ and Mawkyrwat Division Speaking to reporters, the Western Circle said that from today all the contractors who have been employed under the JJM scheme will stop all work.
On the other hand, his wife (Ganga Tanti) has been arrested by the Assam police for her involvement in misleading and hiding evidence in the investigation into the case. illegal.
On the other hand, Pangniang said the HSPDP strongly opposes and condemns the arrest and prosecution of leaders who demanded the implementation of the ILP under the MPDA Act. MPDA has arrested HANM President Arphul Kharbani.
The agreement was signed between the Ambassador of Japan to India Hiroshi Suzuki and Sr.
During the meeting with the SDO, the officer promised to take action and do whatever is necessary.
Let the leaders initiate the conversation.
However, excessive consumption can be harmful for the teeth because honey is acidic.
According to the residents, the water has changed even in taste.
Furthermore, after talking and requesting a letter from the police at Sadar Police Station, the police informed that the case has been registered under the provisions of the Criminal Procedure Code. only the court shall complete the remaining work.
Deiphibapynshngain L Mawnai took three wickets for 26 runs, Ajima Sangma took two wickets for 27 runs and Debasmita Dutta took one wicket for 36 runs.
And the most difficult of these is that if you are willing to fight against these mentioned above.
Since the beginning of the outbreak, there have been 96,845 cases of which 1,626 have died and 95,202 have recovered.
This was stated by the Umsning MLA during the Question Hour in the House on Tuesday, where he expressed his concern over the delay in the construction of the building. Patharkhmah Civil Sub-Division.
The fire was extinguished and no one was injured in the incident.
KSU President Daniel Khyriem was arrested on 7th June and the Special Court has charged the ILP leaders with T.31 crore. loss during the strike.
“Earlier, the Minister in charge of Agriculture, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that there are 46 Processing Units which also have workshops, solar tunnel dryers. ), and Soaked Pits installed in 21 Block of 10 Districts.
Shillong: Members of the Steering Committee of the Dorbar Kur today expressed their acceptance of the Clan Bill of KHADC introduced by HS Shylla during his tenure as CEM. amendment in certain sections in the clan bill.
The East Jaintia National Council (EJNC) has released its constitution and at the same time renewed its office bearers for the term 2019-2
““Since when I was a student, the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, KN Kumar, started organizing Science Exhibitions and competitions in 1992-9 RBP Nongpoh I have been interested in science exhibitions ever since.
The aim is to improve the income of farmers by opening up opportunities for them to earn a living.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the 50th Anniversary of the HSPDP in Shillong, Bah Renikton said, “Regarding the MDC elections and the UDP, we have an understanding if the constituencies level they work together and understand each other but if there is no understanding we don't put pressure but they can fight for their part”.
“Let the people of the North East decide for themselves, why should Delhi take force.
The Bhagat Pre-University College in Haveri also plans to improve the technique of making boxes or covering the heads of students during their examinations.
(5) disease in animals ; And there was a plague upon all the cattle of the Egyptians, but upon the cattle of the children of Israel.
He also criticized other parties for not raising the issues of Meghalaya in the Legislative Assembly. He said the UDP is a national party and does not have a single MP, while the NPP has two MPs. Only the 37 TMC MPs have raised the issue of Meghalaya in Parliament.
When we talk about this, we have to remember that the cost of the MDC election is only T.5 lakh, while the MLA election 2018, is remembered, as T.25 lakh and these figures, which have been set by the authorities. The election campaign, are only 100,000, which the candidates spend in these days.
Shillong, Naitung 3: Many shops selling soh have appeared in these days especially during the hot season due to the demand for soh for the people.
The FKJGP leader demanded that the KHADC and JHADC should immediately remove the foreigner from the post and said that if they need to appoint a Nongaibuit, they should choose a native who has the rank. .
The UDP election campaigner from Sohiong, Bah Amazing Kurbah, has clarified that he was not invited to the meeting of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) held in Sohiong in the past few days. depth.
Shillong, June 21: Three districts of the state have four active cases of Covid-1
Speaking to reporters, some of the leaders of the UDP Pynursla Circle said that it is regrettable that the UDP has decided to join hands with the UDP. The UDP has not listened to the voice of the people who are against the NPP in the government.
The recent clash between the Karbi people and the Khasi Pnar residents has broken out at Lapangap village on the border with Assam over the produce of agricultural products on a farm since the 26th of this month. .
Jesus said, “.
I hope that Bah Pyniaid Singh Syiem will win the bye election.
At the meeting, he said that Les has announced to his supporters that he will not contest the MDC election 2019 and has also announced that he has resigned from the post of President and also as a member of the MDC election. PDF. Pyndap said that the announcement of Les was only verbal and he was directed to submit a written statement to clarify.
Therefore, any activities that gather people, whether it is public meetings, places of worship and the arrival of foreigners in the state, have been warned against.
The incident happened at 9:30 pm this morning.
He is righteous and truthful, pure and wise, and God will bless him.
Phan is rich in carbohydrates and rich in protein.
On Saturday, after a meeting between the Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya, they decided to replace the CRPF as the impartial patrol force in the border areas. They have stepped back in part to restore the confidence of the people in relation to the border settlement between the two states.
After the sudden death of Stefani Lyngdoh Nonglait on July 14, the relatives of Stefani Lyngdoh Nonglait have suspected that she was killed by her husband. He has killed the soul of a woman who has two sons and a 2-month-old baby.
Jowai, November 17: A 9-year-old boy has been killed in a tragic accident after the killer tried to rob him and his sister who was selling waidong in Mookyndur village.
In 1994, the Cherra Theological College was moved to Mawklot, Shillong and was renamed the John Roberts Theological Seminary.
The office of the Commission is located at Nongshilliang, Nongthymmai opposite H. Elias Memorial High School. beat the Commission.
Jowai, June 29: The 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy of the 3rd Division Football Tournament 2022 was held today. At the Kiang Nangbha Stadium, Jowai, Lumkhang-dong beat Saiñdur Mihmyntdu FC 3-3 goals.
Training was also given to the players of the Unified Gorkha Football Club.
It is learned that some MLAs, even those on the government side, have not been happy with the Bill because there is a delay in the division of villages which could affect them in the elections.
On the other hand, Bah Generous Tariang said that the village leaders of Maskut have already lodged a complaint at the Ummulong Beat House regarding the attack on them and urged the police to arrest them immediately. involved.
Speaking as the chief guest, Chief Justice of Meghalaya, Sanjib Banerjee congratulated the people of East Jaintia Hills District and congratulated the Government of Meghalaya for building this beautiful building. He also urged the authorities and said that the state government has provided this very important building and now it is their duty to run it. He added that the court should protect the rights of the people and is also a place where the people should know them. their right to receive a fair trial.
Speaking to reporters after joining the party, Bah Dip said that after leaving the BJP, he saw that He said that the MDA government has ruled with terrible corruption from the illegal coal mining, the construction of the ISBT. which is not finished, but is not finished.
I understood to greet you, but finally my mother said, “Kiaw, I'm gone.
They refer to the taking of their species from animals and plants.
In this crusher you can get many kinds of mawria and others.
The petition was also sent to the Director of Medical Health Officers, East Khasi Hills.
Shillong, July 9: U NPP MLA James K Sangma has called the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma “James Bond” for using female policemen to guard his residence during the Visit the Garo Hills.
Although the border settlement has progressed, the Assam police are still coming from time to time.
Lyngdoh said that once the hills and forests have been burnt down, many kinds of trees have started to grow and fall, the houses have been destroyed and the places have turned into deserts.
He said that through this SVEEP, it is expected that young people who have turned 18 years old will come to register themselves as voters.
That love for our country motivates and makes us have a responsibility to improve and build it.
He said that the confusion in the conduct of the CUET examination at NEHU shows the delay in the preparation process due to the stingy attitude of the National Testing Agency (NTA), the State Government and the “It is a very sad incident that the students have to face such problems just because of the lack of authority and responsibility for the welfare of the students. theirs," he added.
Insisting that there is no order of the Supreme Court and NGT to specify the coal mines and that the coal mines should be used only through the NH 6, the union said that a group of coal miners should be formed. legal experts to explain to the DCs how to interpret the law.
In this way, Meghalaya has become a paradise for foreigners and foreigners to come and earn wealth and create nation to grow the nation of the authorities.
“From time to time, the police have been conducting awareness programs to raise awareness among the public on the COVID-19 pandemic and also on the need to follow the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. to prevent the spread of corona virus,” said Vivek Syiem.
In these studies, it was also found that some species of animals are more susceptible to the virus than humans.
Earlier, the District authorities had scheduled to close the bridge at 8 pm, but because of the presence of leaders of the traders' associations in Iewduh along with the Minister of Market. Minister K. Langstieh and Minister Midnight Kharlukhi, who went to the DC office; The meeting lasted for about 10 hours, and the District authorities together with the Hima Mylliem arrived at the Motphran Bridge at 9 pm.
Former Education Minister Ampareen Lyngdoh and officers have been accused of irregularities in the recruitment of government LP teachers in the state. Their marks shall be canceled with a white mark and those who receive low marks shall be increased.
Shillong: A meeting was held today between the Deputy Commissioners and Superintendents of Police of Ri Bhoi District and West Karbi Anglong District to discuss the border issue in Block I. The meeting was held at the Circuit House, Nongpoh.
“More than 100 families have benefited from this assistance which is up to 2500 kg of rice,” said Lehbha Phawa.
On receiving the information, the soldiers rushed to the scene to rescue the other injured.
Ila Bhattacharjee, 69, of Rilbong, EK Hills, was admitted to Supercare Hospital, Shillong on 15-05-2021. She died on 22-05-2 Kharkongor, 53, of Nongrim Sadew, Shillong, has passed away on 22-05-2021 at Dr. HG Roberts Hospital, Shillong.
With the explanation of the Seng leaders to the Dy.SP of Ri-Bhoi, GN Joshi, the members of the UHM were released to Mawlasnai village with the accompaniment of the Police.
The residents of Rambrai area have expressed their dissatisfaction with the fact that since the road has been deteriorated, the traffic has been slow and the fare from Rambrai to Nongstoiñ which is only 20 kilometers away. , along with the 85 kilometer train from Nongstoiñ to Shillong.
Mawlai MLA Brightstarwell Marbaniang will leave Shillong for New Delhi tomorrow to prepare his nomination papers after the Meghalaya Government appealed to the Supreme Court against the teachers. to become an MLA or to participate in political activities.
During the raid, 27 drug users who were buying drugs from Iew Polo were arrested by the Police.
At the same time, he said that the youth should not rely only on government jobs because in 10 years there are only about 2000 government jobs but the youth should take advantage of the programmes. the government to stand on its own feet.
The 2022 Global Waste Index shows that the United States ranks first in waste production and Colombia ranks last.
There are four categories of schools according to the Education Policy-2018: (i) Government Schools (ii) Govt Aided (Deficit) (iii) Partially Aided (Adhoc) and (iv) Private Schools without part and government.
In this regard, the KSU has urged the State Government to implement the Roster System since its introduction and not to turn back which is a gain for one nation and a great loss. to another nation.
"“We hope that the police have proceeded with their investigations and we expect that there will be a speedy resolution, at the same time to punish those responsible according to the law," she said.
He said that through this inspection he hopes that in these days NHIDCL will do what is necessary as it should be.
This program is part of the North Eastern Hill Program and is implemented by the Incubation Centre, NEHU, Tura Campus.
The tyrpad leaves were sold from Shella, Dawki and other areas.
In Kerala, the ruling LDF has won 92 seats, while the Congress-led UDF has won 46 seats.
The AAP has increased its revenue by 91.23% (Rs 40.631 crore) from Rs 44.539 crore to Rs 85.17 crore during the year.
The Chief Minister said that this has been done in Garo Hills.
It is to be recalled that the protest against GVK has been going on since 2018 until 2019 and the ceasefire was based on the agreement to implement the agreements which have not been implemented yet. the organization claimed.
Furthermore, about 80 out of 100 children are unable to meet their needs for many reasons besides lack of income.
“It is through the hard work of the Managing Committee that we have been able to open this office without any assistance from the government or private individuals and this shows the hard work of the Managing Committee. Committee.
We have already submitted the petition to the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma on 5th June 2023 and we have urged him to look into this matter,” said Bah Sambormi.
He said that the village headmen of the area have also met with the former DC of West Khasi Hills, Bah T. Lyngwa to request for help to register the PWD. The DC also promised to build a road for the road and there has been an agreement with the landowners.
The UDP will soon be one of the parties that we will meet to contest in every constituency in the state,” said NPYF President Kitborlang Nongrem.
Several elders of Laskein Block on Saturday formed the Laskein Block Tourism Promotion Society (LBTPS) which has its headquarters at Iooksi village, West Jaintia Hills. Hills.
Shillong: Two days ago, there was heavy rainfall in Sohra.
I am pleased with the work of the present EC because it has listened to our concerns,” he added.
Of all the students who sat for the Matric examination this year, whether Regular or Private, the best performers were the girls.
Shillong: Police have arrested Manbhalang Nongspung for posting offensive comments on social media.
When he introduced himself as a pastor, Banisha also spoke respectfully like a woman.
“Nurses as of now do not have their own Services Rules.
On the 21st, there will be a strike by the Bank Officers' Association, while on the 22nd November, it will be the fourth Saturday, when banks will be closed and then on the 23rd, there will be a strike. Sunday.
Therefore, all these things which have survived in the use of the Khasi language, perhaps let them survive especially if they have become longdoh longsnam in speaking, writing and reading.
“It was found that the spread of garbage into the pond by travellers, shopkeepers, shopkeepers and street vendors and others.
“Our area is the entry and exit point through Bangladesh and the transit point to Bangladesh for quarrying.
It may be recalled that the news of the NPP's threat to imprison Dr. Mukul Sangma has spread widely and this threat came from the mouths of the NPP leaders when they came to open the ceremony. the NPP office in Nongpoh.
With the passing of the days, the number of foreigners is increasing due to the issuance of NOCs to them to work and do business in these areas.
Shillong: A mother who was still carrying a baby inside her womb, has died inside her mother's womb.
AIS SujaGod judged the world of old; God will judge the world today.
Fortunately, no casualties have been reported except for the injury of one person who was rushed to CHC Pynursla.
This has caused problems to the residents who intend to travel to Motphran and Khyndailad and has also caused the residents not to ride these four vehicles which has caused serious damage to the drivers of these four vehicles. produce income and earn a living through this source of income.
Therefore, in any meeting, we should say look, we should stand in ANG, which means stand in line.
They were traveling on a motorcycle but when they reached the border road between Rasnagre and Nilwagre, they were attacked by a herd of wild elephants.
At the same time, he encouraged the public to take advantage of such health centers including the opportunity to contact doctors for any health related needs.
“If we speak the language of others and leave our own language, that nation will become extinct,” said Bah Metbah.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: While the talk of the presence of demon worshipers has spread far and wide in these days, Rupang has spoken to Bah HS Shylla, one of the demon worshippers. “I haven't met myself, my friends are talking about Nongstoin and even Shillong,” said the preacher. news, you've been tipped from time to time.
Besides having to work 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, you have to pay a monthly salary.
