The KHNAM leader expressed his regret that the District Council is also involved in this matter.
Riangdo, Jymmang 3: The residents of Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division, Bah Methodius Dkhar, have reminded and demanded that the newly elected MLA of Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division, Bah Methodius Dkhar, should implement the Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division. , as expected and expected by all the residents of the village.
England beat Sweden 2-0 in the quarter-finals of the World Cup in Russia on Saturday night.
Speaking to media, u Bah George Lyngdoh, on Tuesday, said that there is a lack of action by the state government on the resurgence of insurgents in the state in just six months. the state has experienced 5 acts of terrorism.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to
The Tura MDC said that many villages which have not yet received mobile connectivity should identify and do whatever is necessary to connect as soon as possible.
Speaking at the meeting, KHNAM MDC from Jaiaw Bah Adelbert said that the party meeting encouraged to strengthen after seeing hundreds of people witnessing the meeting.
The warning includes Meghalaya, Assam, Arunachal Pradesh and other states.
How difficult it is to get even gas cylinders for cooking.
B Thongni, Superintending Engineer, PWD (R) Williamnagar Circle and Er.
Robertjune Kharjahrin was supposed to be sworn in as Chief Adviser of the HYC after he resigned from the post of President and handed over to Roykupar Synrem. He decided to resign from the party.
Therefore, it deserves to have larger government offices so that there will be a closer relationship between the people of the Government and the people of the area for the purpose of working together to improve income and development.
We will also develop various monuments which will boost the tourism industry,” said Conrad.
The internet shutdown will continue for another 48 hours from 10:30 AM on 26th November in seven districts including West Jaintia Hills, East Jaintia Hills, Ri Bhoi, Eastern West Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi, Eastern West Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills Districts.
When asked, Dr Ampareen said, “It depends on the job that will be assigned to me.
Dispar said that most of the time when government departments delay in providing information, the public has lodged a complaint with the office to seek an answer from the government departments. However, before the department summoned the delayed persons, he suspected that there was a conversation with the employees of the department that the complaints had been received and immediately a phone call would come from those offices. information seekers to come and take their report.
The son-in-law of Bah Hubert Swer (the late driver) Bah Dominic Lamo said that he said that the government should have taken action to avoid a tragic incident at such a time. He said that the old trees should have been cut down and replaced but it has not done so. “Now how will the government respond to us, how many more lives will be lost until “It's a surprise to the government,” said Dominic.
It has sent the names of the cases on November 19, 2013 to await the report of Justice Katakey on the report sent by the Deputy Commissioner and other officials regarding the coal according to the report. of the 18th interim.
South West Khasi Hills came third with three gold, seven silver and seven bronze medals for a total of 15 medals.
The financial constraint of the Government has not ended.
At the same time, he said that the TMC will not win even 2-3 MLAs in the upcoming elections.
“The Management Board is not the governing body in the Hima,” said Samla Enboklang Nonglang.
The cleanliness drive was organized by the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Shangpung in three villages including the Um-Iurem River which surrounds Shangpung.
Glanding said that from time to time the Shnong has lodged a complaint with the DC's office and the Municipal Board to remove the cow farms in the area. environment.
Then he took her to the school where she used to go as a child, he took her to the playground where she used to play when she was young, he took her to the temple where she used to go to worship. ... the kindness and love of Prem for that old woman is that whenever he stops, he leads her, because she can no longer walk like others who are still healthy.
A team of CM troops and Manipur police arrested a private NSCN (IM) militant with a 9 mm carbine and five rounds of ammunition at Sawombung in Imphal. East district on Tuesday, a police source said.
The celebration was concluded with a prayer in the evening and a song led by the Saving Sound Band from Nongkrem.
Leaders and members of KSU Moodymmai, Wahiajer and Jowai Unit arrested seven Bangladeshi suspects on the night of the 17th of this month.
After being banned from meeting the CEM and EM, they broke the gate to enter but before they could enter, the state police arrived to patrol and stop the people from leaving. After this, with the agreement of the JAC, they went to meet with Bah Martle Mukhim to express their demand.
In the afternoon, a Eucharistic Procession was held along the National Highway 44 E and also through the streets of Kynshi.
The program will provide employment or training for women who are self-sufficient for 7 months to selected youth from tier II and III towns and cities in the North Eastern Region, Rajasthan and Telangana. to those who wish to build their own business.
Shillong, July 3: The UDP and HSPDP Pynursla have met on 30th November to decide to work together to win the 2018 MLA elections.
The management of Meghalaya Cement Limited (Topcem) has apologized for the insulting speech of its employees during a clash between the public and the police during the The public hearing was held on the 24th of this month at Thangskai Village, East Jaintia Hills.
The Chairman of CoMSO, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, said that the Minister of Home Affairs, in reply to a question in Parliament, said that the purpose of the ILP system is to prevent the entry and infiltration of foreigners into the country. The ILP is not in force in the state to protect the citizens of that state.
It is said that they finally went to Khasi to 'Blei Sohpet Bneng' through the Syiem of Mylliem and requested Lei Sohpen Bneng to grant healing to the children of the Raij from the floods. period.
The students of the College took part in the Miss & Mr Alpha costume competition which was attended by the students of the College. male.
The body of the deceased was taken to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh for post-mortem.
In a statement sent by the Publicity Secretary of the union, Hamewanpynhun Ryngkhlem, the union said, “This award will be a good example for the nurses as well as for the youth and to all the people of the nation to understand how they can serve better the country and the nation in whatever field they work, whether it is a small job or a large job.
Our charitable deeds are not to be under the direction of the worldly system, but by the Spirit of Christ and the teaching of His Word.(The Best Life.
On the other hand, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that the Ganesh Das Hospital has been unable to admit this woman from Mawlai Mawtawar due to the lack of beds in the Isolation Ward. They said that this woman came from the containment area and they cannot accept it, because it could put at risk others who come for treatment at this hospital.
It was translated from the Greek and Hebrew Bibles with the help of English Bibles.
Bipin Kumar Ray and Agreas Chamcham Sangma were responsible for the runs by hitting three fours and one six for Meghalaya. They scored 85 runs for the loss of 6 wickets.
The relocation of some of the old Government schools and Government offices near the Ïewduh to another location nearer and cleaner will help slightly in the congestion, the Government said.
The reason for the difference of opinion is the misunderstanding of the village management including the collection of village contributions and the construction of the water supply road.
Shillong, June 26 : The State Government is ready to review the issue of Inner Line Permit (ILP) and also the issue of Khasi and Garo Languages ​​from the Central Government after the elections in Sohiong.
In the 2nd Division, Nongumlong SC beat Laitkor 0-2 with goals scored by R. Malngiang 35′′ and D.Wanshong 88′′.
At the meeting in Tura, Modi said the BJP has seen the progress of the North East and the BJP has committed to the development of the tribals.
Shillong: The State Disaster Relief Force (SDRF) together with the Fire and Emergency Service this evening have recovered the bodies of four people who were buried in an earthquake in Nongpriang village, East. Khasi Hills.
However, the complainant could not attend the hearing and the VDP Dorbar could not hear the incident and a summons was sent to the complainant on 10/08/2019. (L) Sonarois Chyrmang, Nowel Shadap, the father of (L) Sonarois Chyrmang, Nowel Shadap, has admitted to shooting and bombing him. Shnong authorities and VDP.
He added that it will be ensured that the rules to be introduced in this new arrangement will not contain rules that will destroy the people but will include rules that will benefit and strengthen the council.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on 21st July inaugurated the new construction of the Municipal Office Cum Market Complex at Soil Bazar in Williamnagar.
In the year 2022-23, SGCE has already applied for permission from AITCE online to start the admission.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 2: The time has come for the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to upgrade the Kyrshai Sub Health Centre.
Jowai, July 09: The Additional Deputy Commissioner (Supply), West Jaintia Hills District has announced the release of AAY, PHH and Non-NFSA rice for the month of July 2024 to all wholesalers. for delivery to FPS Centers from 10th July, 2024 to 15th July,
It's a hard job.
Efty scored 96 runs in 19.4 overs for the loss of four wickets.
Why has the Sengbhalang fought so hard to expel the mynder but why can't they expel them first to expel or eradicate the kyiad? Of course we must expel the authorities to protect our own nation but first of all we must eradicate the evil (kyiad) that devours and destroys the nation as the saying goes. all the beginning of the rympei.
From this ship came down a handsome Sahep with a strong body and a strong mind, who later became the transformer of the Khasi people.
The protest was to remind the Minister that the state government has passed a resolution to implement the ILP in the state, but the central government has not yet done anything on this.
Dr. Vijay Kumar, on the other hand, congratulated all those involved in the success of the Games for their hard work in the past few months.
The festival was held at Tyrna village in Sohra Civil Sub-Division.
One of the most important treatments is to crush the tympew leaves and mix them with half a cup of water, then drink them.
Regarding the illegal entry of foreigners, we are indigenous people and we still need many laws to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners and many assistance from the central government”.
Regarding the government's inability to disclose the names of the policemen who shot dead and its intention to call for an explanation from the Tactical Team 1, Bah Donboklang asked why the government is still allowing the police. They said that the independent investigation team has found that the police shot dead Bah Che.
The Minister of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Bah AL Hek, on November 13, expressed his concern over the increasing smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh through Meghalaya.
Due to the lack of clarity in the meeting with the Rangbah Shnong of Rupangu, we tried to talk to one of the Executive Members of the village. When he reached the village, he found that the house had burnt down and after more than 10 hours, the police in iong clothes arrived at the village.
The chief guests on the occasion were Bah Damang Synkon, District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District, Bah P.Wanniang, General Secretary, MDSA as the Chief Guest. MDSA) and other elders.
The crowd came out carrying knives and other weapons in their hands.
Through its good earnings, Kalank, today, has increased its turnover to T.43 crore.
At present, the teachers will continue to stay overnight at the Additional Secretariat until they receive their demands and they have decided not to leave the area.
“Special teams of Rajasthan Police have been monitoring the case and finally found the CRPF from Himachal Pradesh who was living with a woman, the woman is the husband of a A contractor in Bhilwara has also fled with the policeman to sleep with the policeman and a complaint has been lodged at Bhilwara PS,” said IG Jaipur DC Jain.
He said that the children in many schools enjoy playing election songs but it is not like a school and there is a limit to it.
The employees of MCCL, today resumed their strike to demand the government to pay their monthly salaries, to resume the operation of the MCCL dewbilat factory and to grant Voluntary Retirement. Scheme for retired employees.
Other MLAs who supported the motion include Kimfa S Marbaniang, PT Sawkmie, Mayralborne Syiem, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh and Zenith M Sangma. They suggested that a committee should be set up to look into this matter.
This is the teaching of the Word of God.
“The differences among the leaders within the party have upset me, and after careful consideration, I have decided to resign from the post of Vice President of the party,” said the letter. Khan sent it to Bah Lapang.
Superintendent of Police BD Marak, Additional Superintendent of Police B Chetri, members of Rotary Clubs Jowai and Shillong and other officers of the Police Department were present.
On the other hand, Bah Synshar Lyngdoh, candidate of the UDP, said that once the candidate is confident, the people are already confident.
It is true that there are some Khasi women who can control themselves not to talk nonsense about what they hear, but 95% of them are like Nepali women as my friend told me.
“The signing of the MOU without the participation of many villages from the border areas is not a failure of the state government, as it has already done its best but it will There is no problem for the government to listen again to the views of the people of this area in order to reach an agreement with the residents of the border areas”.
The blood can be swollen or swollen but this does not affect the body.
Teiskhem said the decision was taken after the party had thoroughly discussed and found that the President Rangbah of the UDP Dr. Donkupar Roy did not ask a single word to the Circle. Teiskhem said that the UDP has been strengthened in Nongkrem in Nongkrem. In 2016, the HSPDP lost the mid-term MDC elections to Bah Ardent MLA Nongkrem.
In the letter, KHNAM said that according to the rules and regulations of the government, the names of those who appear on the merit list as employees will last for only one year and if they do not get an appointment, it means it is over.
Teachers in the state have many challenges and what is needed is that they should have unity to strengthen their working methods, said the Irishmen.
Kering will pay 100 million euros ($133 million), L'Oreal and the Bettencourt Meyer family will pay 200 million euros ($226 million), Total will pay 200 million euros ($233 million), BNP will pay JCDecaux, an advertising company, will pay 20 million euros ($22.5 million), AXA, a company, will invest 10 million euros ($11 million), Marc Ladreit de Lacharrière, Brothers Martin and Olivier Bouygues, a telephone company will pay $11 million, Societe Generale, a financial company, will pay $11 million. European Central Bank, if you pay 9 million euros ($10 million).
The death toll from Covid-19 has risen to 8 including one who died yesterday in Tura.
They have informed the authorities in charge of the fishery department in Ri Bhoi District and it is understood that they will soon come to inspect this amazing fish. You can't watch it on Discovery Channel.
Jowai, 11 Naiwieng:The Nongtalang Organization (TIHKNO) wishes all the students of Nongtalang who will take the Annual Examination 2013, all the best. to reap the fruit of victory.
In the Ñiam yong Lang, Pa Dolloi led the 13 wasan to complete all the Ñiam works related to the Raij village.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) on Tuesday expelled the employees of REC PDCL who took over the electricity supply to the rural areas from MeECL.
Speaking to Rupang, Bah Lyngdoh said that although the BJP in the state does not have detailed information on the lack of funds from the central government to the state government, the state government has not been able to provide enough funds. This may be the reason why the Central Government is more concerned about not issuing money.
These days, the traditional customs have been changed. It is necessary to stop this illegal slaughter of cows.
Everyone knows how Amit Shah forced Conrad Sangma to settle the border and within six months the social agreement was signed with Assam.
If the people can allow other political parties, why don't they allow the BJP once,” said Bah Shullai.
On the 4th of this month, a meeting was held to review the situation at the same time to ensure that the students studying in Manipur arrive safely in their home state.
Yesterday, the company, which runs the nuclear facility; All officials have fled the scene and a letter signed by the Russian National Guard has been handed over to Ukraine.
Speaking at the briefing, the President of the KSU said that foreigners have destroyed the trade of the indigenous people by infiltrating into the state. They began to undermine the rule of law by trying to register themselves on the electoral roll.
Marchborn gave a drink to his mother's friend.
He said that the incident at Mukhroh village reminds him that when he was one of the leaders of the Bhalang in Ri War Mihngi Pynursla, he visited to advocate for the people living nearby. The border areas have been harassed and attacked by the Bangladesh authorities and such incidents have happened from time to time and until today.
After the players saw the lack of accommodation, bathrooms, toilets and even food, they complained and some of them took pictures and posted on social media the places where they were accommodated because of and they were kept as beasts.
The time is now to stand up against the unfounded actions of the existing political parties and to fight against the rulers who are greedy for wealth and power.
For that reason, I have ordered them to provide immediately otherwise the sports department will have to take action,” said Banteidor.
“It is very sad and painful as a nation that we are facing violence even to the point of taking human life,” said Bah Hamletson.
Jowai, Jymphan 3 : U Sngawbhalang Dhar, MLA from 1-Nartiang Constituency today at a public meeting held by the National People's Party (NPP) at Jrisaleiñ Square, said: To avoid division and to achieve unity, Jaintia Hills needs to win the NPP from all the seven constituencies.
Melanopsin is the most effective hormone in the body after 40 minutes of exposure to light, and in bright light there is an influence on the hormone melatonin, which is involved in you are sleeping.
It is also a habit for us human beings, at first we work hard for whatever we want to see for the good of the country and the nation, but in the course of time everything becomes blem. blame.
Specialist Dkhar, MBOSE-60.33%, Wapung Secondary School Wapung.
He said that although the state government, the government of India and all the departments in the state give holidays on the polling day, instead of going to vote, they often go for a picnic in the hills and rivers.
Ale shuwa went to drink.
Turns out, it doesn’t matter.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Agnes said the court has rejected her request and now she cannot refuse to appeal to the Supreme Court.
Heads of state who will take part in the farmers' meeting will include the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, who will be the chief guest in the presence of the Minister of Animal Husbandry & Veterinary, Bah AL Hek. and Minister of Agriculture, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh.
The JSU has been joined by the Muktapur Police Station.
On August 2, the Rajya Sabha decided to amend the Forest Conservation Act 1980 and passed the Forest Conservation Act new law or the Forest Conservation Amendment Act 2023.
We will again appear as the most famous state in the production of soh niamtra not only in India but in the world as we have been famous during the French rule in the past.
At the time, it was said that due to Pakistan's poverty in recent years, Pakistan has been included in the list of 15 countries in the world in poverty and who have brought ram- kit shah tat until this time.
The back of our eyes contains membranes known as the retina, and inside them are tiny cells inside light-sensitive cells that act like pixels in cameras.
This verse was sung by the youth of Lumshnong Church at the 21st Synod Service held at Nangbah Presbyterian Church, Nangbah District, Nangbah Nongjngi, Hadem Presbytery on Sunday.
Small vehicles coming from Shillong will be allowed to park at Shillong Road near Chalam Syngkon Petrol Pump and small vehicles coming from Khliehriat and Shangpung will be allowed to park at Ladthadlaboh Lad Stadium.
“He said that the government will not be stingy and on Saturday he held a meeting on the situation in the state in the presence of the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong, Chief Secretary DP Wahlang and DGP Dr LR Bishnoi.
The court heard the case on Tuesday in the presence of TT Diengdoh, Senior Counsel and Assistant R. Kharsyad, who represented the complainants.
As soon as we woke up, we saw our home, the world around us and the changes in the world.
The body parts were wrapped in plastic bags purchased by Dhanti Deka and covered with blankets.
William Shakespeare said that books are the building blocks of the whole world, the life of books is like a world without sun, knowledge without books is like a bird without wings.
The decline in the number of schools is due to the closure of private and other schools and the merger of schools by many states.
It is alleged that Pawan had arrested the workers after they demanded their wages, but they were forced to work without pay and after these workers refused, they were arrested inside the room in the factory.
He said that in these 46 years the Khasi and Jaintia Hills have faced many challenges and KHNAM will not give up.
On the same day at 12 noon, the District Council left for Mawlai Mawroh Village to hand over these signboards.
State Minister Rakkam A. Sangma from Rongara-Siju has strongly condemned the incident and urged the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma to take action against Sister Rose. halfway off the bus to some passengers in Assam.
The result of this is the sympathy of Mother Nature to mankind through the shortage of water until it is extremely dry and due to the lack of water, it is impossible to operate the power plants to produce water. electrical ding.
“I have seen the statement of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah which is a childish statement by saying that the VPP has taken the initiative to fight for re-election even if they are from our family but I want to make it clear that if it is “If there is any violation of their rights, we will stand up,” he said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 7: U Bikash has abducted Pooja Modak, 16, from Nongrimmaw, Laitumkhrah, Shillong, this morning at 6 pm.
In the busket.
The areas included in this list are protected by United Nations law for the preservation of their heritage and wonders.
Shillong, Nailar 3: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has written to Ma RC Laloo, Minister of Education, Government of Meghalaya, regarding the subject of Aadhar, in which it has been reported in the media that those who wish to For the year 2016-17, they must also register their Aadhar number and this is in accordance with the directive of the education department of the state government.
Why can a person with fever, headache, or fever be Covid 'Negative'? 6.
He said that many times the government uses Khasi to mine uranium.
The speakers also said that the people in different states should follow the example of the political system in Delhi where the AAP has done many development works for the people and This is what brings confidence to the people.
This sea is near the equator, but it flows, in a miraculous way, through the sea water to the equator.
This has helped me a lot as a Khasi teacher of class X students.
Meanwhile, the lawyer of the Greater Iew Polo Welfare Association (GIWPA) K Paul came suddenly in the evening of the hearing to ask for clarification on the decision of the NGT to demolish the illegal structures in these areas. who are in the city.
There are 2,295 confirmed cases and 1,323 deaths.
For three persons, there are 3 rooms and one person has to pay T.1,000, two persons have to pay T.1,200 and if three persons have to pay T.1,5
He praised the 966 million Hindus in India, saying, “The Hindu nation is in danger.
He said that the union is deeply saddened by the negligence of the PWD department and the district authorities, because the tree which has fallen on the road has been left without coming to remove it. expresses the government's failure especially in the rural areas.
Police alleged that they were arrested for spreading information through social media to disturb the peace and order.
The union has also banned any hotels from posting such pictures in parts of Sohra, as it is immoral to look at.
I appeal to the youth to come forward and register themselves so that the Government can provide support to them,” he said.
Shillong: The State Government today appointed Bah AR Mawthoh, Deputy Inspector General of Police (ER) as Deputy Inspector General of Police (Training) cum Director, Meghalaya Police Academy.
Like other Indian film stars, Ram will also have the opportunity to take part in Hollywood films and what a great honor it will be for the country as a whole.
KHNAM expresses its disagreement with the Government's use of the term “STUDY RESERVATION POLICY” which means that the Committee will read the Reservation Policy and send back to the Government what they have read and found. “On the part of KHNAM at the meeting of the political parties we have expressed our opposition to the establishment of the Expert Committee because we are afraid that it will delay the time, but when everyone wanted an Expert Committee and the wish of the majority stood.
In 1999, before I went to work in Nongstoin, I used to hear the insults of the people of Shillong, where the people of the West are the Wild West.
We need to be determined not to allow the goal ahead to be cut off by the obstacles.
“We will build a gate like Khilon and the idea is to beautify this market which is needed in Khasi Hills to attract traders and the people,” said Bah Hadrian.
East Jaintia Hills District tried their best to score the heaviest run for them this year with skilled bowlers but Avinash Rai failed to score a half. Sabahmuswang FC have started their match in the 1st Division of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) by 10 runs. Chatister Kharkongor won the Memorial Trophy 2-1 against Mookyndur in Pool A at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
The new story must kill and erase the stories that now the job of khadar rule belongs only to the rich or a few families.
Having money and earning greatness cannot be hidden from the eyes of many.
They recalled that in recent years, thousands of Nepalis who live in cattle and muid across the West Khasi Hills, have been evicted and have settled in Assam, Shallang, Langpih area and most of them moved to Shillong and have settled in various places to this day.
“Through RTI, we have found that St Edmund's College has stated that it has paid money to the teachers of College Post but those teachers have not received the shift allowance,” she said. Wanda.
This will be a great opportunity for the players of the state to showcase their talents.
Shillong, Nailur 12 : The 20th Meghalaya State Open Cum Selection Carrom Board Competition organized by the Meghalaya Carrom Association (MCA) will start today (13-1 09-2022).
“Sohan Shira is not happy with Mukul Sangma, who has forgotten about the rebel groups in Garo Hills by calling for talks only with the HNLC,” Marak said.
He said that the implementation of the blue pipeline in Mawlai has been too long and at first glance, even within five years it has not been completed.
“Leaders of KSU, FKJGP, HNYF, CSWO, KWAADA, SSSS and other party leaders from all over the Bri u Hynniew Trep will come to deliver speeches on this day,” said the President of AJYWO Shillong. The Meghalaya Pensioners Association, Shillong and Sohra Unit has organized a tree planting ceremony as a sign of preservation and beautification of the environment.
He alleged that the reason for the Assam government's reluctance is the silence of the state government which has not done anything to show its ownership in the area.
“For my part, I cannot accept but if there are cases where these people are suspected of involvement, it is the duty of the police to investigate not only the person who surrendered the knife. but to any resident of the state who is involved in an illegal activity”.
Police are conducting investigation to arrest the perpetrators.
Later, on the 17th of this month, the party held a sit-in at the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat as a sign of protest against the decision of the MDA 2.0 Government under the leadership of the NPP on the demand to suspend the all appointments within the State until the Reservation Policy and Roster System have been reviewed.
Looking back at the power sector of Meghalaya, which used to be strong, has now become very weak.
The Seng urges all the relatives of those leaders who have passed away to send a letter to Bah T.Nongphud with their dates of birth and death so that he can be included in the list. organizational memory.
According to the union, the road from Ladrymbai to Rymbai and another from Ladrymbai, Moolamanoh to Moolang, have been badly damaged and the damage of these roads has been going on for a long time, without anyone looking after them. and it is a source of pride for the whole region.
According to the complaint, the four soldiers were identified as Sagar, Kamlesh, Santosh and Yogesh.
The covid 19 pandemic has caused a serious problem in various states of India and now there is a problem in the payment of salaries to government employees in many states and the reason is because the government India has cut the share of the Goods and Services Tax (GST) to the State Governments and has not paid the State's share of the Goods and Services Tax (GST).
Indeed, God has blessed the nature in this area so that even the gods will not be allowed to dwell in this place.
Declarations of assets and income can be made by Online Declaration or at the office of the Jurisdictional Pr.
Shillong, June 14: The Director General of Police (DGP) Dr LR Bishnoi on Tuesday said that the police department has been able to maintain peace and order in the state. “We have received the full cooperation of the people,” said Dr. Bishnoi while talking to media after the opening of the meeting at the Police Headquarters.
People still have to travel to Kolkata for treatment.
Throughout the day, after the announcement of the change of name from MUDA Complex to Nongpoh Town Shopping Complex, it was seen that there was a sign on the building which showed that from now on the name of the building is known. Your Complex is located in Nongpoh Town Shopping Complex.
“The presence of these factories can enrich only one or two people or those politicians who want to make money easily,” said the Forwardman. Many of the problems whether in the field of health, water supply and these problems will be faced by the people if the government authorities cannot stop this plan to set up such factories in the village. the area.
The HYC has also published leaflets and meetings across the Khasi Jaintia Hills since the past few days.
“We don't want to take this issue to the streets but we were forced because the government didn't believe us.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 2: The Special Judge of West Khasi Hills District (POSCO) has sentenced a robber to 9 years and 4 months imprisonment for raping a child in Mawthungmarwei village, Rambrai. District.
In the 3rd Division, Lapalang beat Mawreng 0-5
Shillong, July 16: Former Lok Sabha Speaker and President of the National People's Party (NPP) Purno A Sangma on Tuesday alleged that the Chief Minister of the state, Dr. Mukul Sangma, is a Chairman of all political parties in Garo Hills.
When the police arrived, the crowd, who had gathered lymbung, chased the police and burnt down a police vehicle.
Regarding the rumors that Pynshngaiñ N Syiem has an intention to remove him and the two EMs James Sylliang and Grace Mary Kharpuri, Process said: “Bah Pynshngaiñ should be grateful to us three members who left the ARPA to form the PDF and without these three members he would not have been able to become CEM until now,” he said.
after 5 months they will get salary again.
Lasping Marak, Asha Marak and Nebula Marak, members of the same family, were arrested at Garojan village in Tarabari sector. and Assam.
The Government calls on the residents not to take part in these protests, but to cooperate with the Government for the sake of peace and order, especially those who work day labour.
So I understood that I couldn't be there and I asked to look after the Prison Department because I couldn't allow a person who just came yesterday to destroy the police station.
The Government of India has decided to open more hospitals on par with AIIMS, one of which will be in Assam.
“At this meeting, we have discussed and the clear decision is that the UDP and HSPDP will continue to form the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA), but before the Assembly elections to be held in “In 2023, there will be no more cooperation like before the elections in 2018 but this time, the cooperation will continue after the elections,” said HSPDP President KP Pangniang.
The AMC&SA has also urged all contractors and suppliers as well as businessmen to inform the Association if they find such foreigners misusing their trading licenses. and email ID of amcsashg@gmail.com please inform the District Council through the EM Trade Incharge so that the union can take action against such people who misuse the trading license.
He appealed to the people who attended the ceremony to give their full support to the NPP party in the upcoming elections. He also said that it is difficult to meet Congress leaders in Delhi, but NPP leaders can be met at any time.
“We have conducted street plays, dramas, campaigns around the most important places in the rural areas to explain to the people about the right to elect their leaders,” said the CEO. The registration process especially for those under 18 years of age is still ongoing before November this year.
So far, 4,623 people are undergoing treatment.
He said that their departure will not affect because there is still enough time for them to strengthen the party now, while in the last election they left before the election, like Bah AL Hek left 10 days before the election. This election has put the party in trouble.
At such a time, superstition is also strong enough to deceive the weak minded – like the scent of a fish, they explain that it is a sign of victory; the absence of the light shows the light; the sweetness of the tea is the thew of victory.
To assist them in receiving the assistance to which they are entitled from the Government4
Don't allow the political parties to bring counts every meeting on the Reservation Policy because they have thought first of the vote bank.
Although three months have been given for the cleaning, it is understood that it will take time to complete the cleaning as according to the Rangbah Shnong, the cows have not been evacuated yet. that the more you clean the chicken eggs the more they flow.
The Government of Nagaland has also included Dimapur District under the ILP Act. The Government of Meghalaya has unanimously decided on 19.12.2019 in the Assembly of Meghalaya, that the ILP should be implemented. The decision has been sent to the Government of India, which is currently looking into the matter, because it is not enough to announce it, as some have explained.
He said that on the closing day there will be an awarding ceremony and prize distribution to all the children who took part in various competitions such as traditional costume competition, traditional sports competitions such as dat mawpoin, shooting and other competitions. .
According to Lalengmawia, the state government has not yet received any reply from the Central Government.
In a statement, the DGP said that as part of the thorough investigation into the FIR Nu 0183/2023 and the death of police SI – Junmoni Rabha, it has been decided to hand over the investigation to the police of the CID of the state.
Bah Heading said that our nation is very small and we have only a few singers or contributors for the nation.
The suo-moto case entitled “In-re: Designated Courts for MPs/MLAs” was registered in accordance with the order of the Supreme Court on 9th November,
About 90% of the visitors are expected to be foreign tourists including those from outside the State and abroad as well.
In the meeting with the Secretary of Mihmyntdu Village, Ma Kmen Shylla promised to convene the Executive Committee of the village to discuss the issue.
Metbah Lyngdoh, Jemino Mawthoh and Paul Lyngdoh are the leaders of the UDP.
The Block Development Officer, Mawthadraishan C&RD Block, Nongshillong has informed the public that one of the employees of the Meghalaya Rural Bank, Markasa Branch, has tested positive for COVID-1 on July 17, 2021 and after that to quarantine for 10 days.
The Chief Minister said that the debt of West Bengal has increased from year to year and the main reason is due to these money transfer schemes of the TMC government. which means 12000 rupees per year.
They said that although the Entry Check Point at Umling has been opened and implemented, they will not rest, but will continue to monitor the operation of the Entry Check Point. and if they are not able to do so, they will not hesitate to take other stronger measures.
Regarding education, the Minister urged the students not to follow what others do, but to look for lines of study or work that suit their talents.
With regard to discrimination or exclusion caused by caste – in our societies, in India and in the world itself, this meeting strongly condemns such acts and incidents, and calls on the general public to refrain from these negative actions against others.
The project is proposed to be constructed near Siangkhnai village in East Khasi Hills District and at Moosohkhia village in Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, Lber 28: The GNLA has given three days to the state government to clarify whether it has sent three ksiang to bring peace talks between the GNLA and the GNLA. The State Government, and after promising that if the Government does not provide clarification within three days, it will ban the Congress election campaigns, or hold any rallies or public demonstrations, and has The GNLA has also admitted that it has authorized all Area Commanders to do so if the government does not take action. task.
Also present on the occasion were Bah DD Lapang and MLA Bah RV Lyngdoh.
Informing about this, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Revenue, Dr RC Laloo said that the land belongs to the government and after careful consideration, the government has confirmed to hand over to the Dorbar Shnong. .
At this time, the country needs young men who are willing to stand up against these untruths and which are the cause of the destruction of the nation. The time has come for us to start doing something, not to end up in the country. and they shall blaspheme one another.
Speaking on the occasion, KSU Narpuh Circle President Chaprang Pynkhlong said that instead of bus schools to send schools to the students from Lumshnong to Khliehriat, the company should build schools. good in the area.
I was alone when I reached the toll 0laza.
It is highly suspected that a group of foreign robbers who tried to steal the vehicle, killed the enemy and threw their bodies into the Barah River.
The Waheh Shnong and Secretary Shnong Tuber Kmaishnong, Ma J Sana and M Lyngdoh, said that the JMB has set fire to the garbage and it has been found that the pyrjong larvae have appeared and given birth to pylleng. here.
God is very angry in these days because he sees from heaven that many people do not seek God with all their hearts but seek wealth, fame, glory and worldly pleasures.
Please take your time.
The school was founded in 1891 and at the time it was known as the Welsh Mission Middle English School. , Zilla High School and Normal High School, but these three schools were merged into one and the Government High School Shillong was established in
In addition, all the participating groups also received G20 equipment and certificates.
Therefore, those with disabilities are no longer called “handicapped” but “differently-abled”.
“Because here I see that the Mawkhar Church does not provide the Annual Financial Statement or send an Audit of the expenditure etc etc.
The unity of the various rights of the peoples from all over the region is something that can be united throughout India.
Silme K. Marak, from Pilangkata village in Umling CRD Block, Ri Bhoi District, is one of the beneficiaries of the scheme. the beneficiary to have a face-to-face meeting with the Prime Minister of India.
Speaking to media, Kong Ampareen said, “The Central Government has taken the initiative to assist the State Government to develop and improve the health facilities across the State and today, we have been able to open IPHL Pasture Institute and to lay the foundation stone for the construction of 6 other projects across the State”.
Shillong Lajong will face Delhi Lajong on 22nd November 2013 against Delhi FC who are also in fourth position and have already secured seven points from four matches. Lajong, who are in sixth position, have seven points from four games this season.
Bah Sanbor said the reason for his resignation was for personal reasons.
He urged the AITC staff to work hard to educate the people on this so that they will know and understand what kind of leaders they need to elect whether from the AITC or from any other party. to elect those who commit fraud, corruption and corruption in that nationalist society.
Kalong is a young woman who has completed her graduation.
On the departure of these two members from the NPP, Conrad declined to comment but asked the journalists to ask them why they left the NPP. in each party before the election.
According to the Joint Director of Food & Civil Supplies, Bah PM Syiem, the distribution of foodgrains to the people will take some time, as the food department has not yet received the Khanasamari. of income provided by the C&RD and Municipal.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Ronald Khongjoh, Secretary of Pahamrioh Village, expressed his deep sorrow over the tortious behavior of the road construction company which has caused inconvenience to the people especially those who live along the road. street.
Also present were Dr. Arun Kumar Sarma (Director General, NECTAR), Dr. Collin Z Renthlei (Advisor Technical) NECTAR, Rajendra Jena (Chief Geomatics Officer) NECTAR and Mariadon Pathaw, Food Technologist, NECTAR and others. fish farmer.
The recipients of the forms have confirmed that they will receive it.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the State Government has a target to increase the forest cover in the State from 36% to 38%.
When such a decision has been taken, let us the people of Meghalaya take action to move forward in this struggle for change by supporting the candidates of the MDA in this election.
We demand that the government should immediately appoint an independent judicial inquiry into the matter and that the High Court should not be involved.
Shillong, Naiwieng 1: The North East India Federation of Charismatic Churches, Shillong, one of the church groups in the state, has expressed its concern over the current situation in the state due to the ongoing power struggle between the two churches. The group has sent a letter to the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma to think twice and open the door. The Christian Church said that if the violence continues, it could lead to tragic incidents in the state. She also expressed the hope that with the blessings of God, peace will return once again in the state.
“The price set by the CGHS is much lower than the price set by the hospitals so the hospitals will not agree that the price and the difference is about 70%,” said Dr Ampareen. Lyngdoh in reply to a question by VPP MLA from North Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
I doubt their ability to bring it and I am very happy with the Congress party”.
The FKJGP will be led by Tuesday Lytep, a former FKJGP president.
They can request information at any time as it has been brought before the State Legislative Assembly many times.
Khasi and English can be used together.
The President of JSU War Jaintia Circle, Eddy Kery Pohtam, has expressed his gratitude to all those involved in the restoration of the 108 service in the area from the doctors of ChC and PhC and also to the Directors of DHS. and NHM and also to the former SDO of Amalrem Civil Subdivision Abhilash Baranwal and especially to the people who have supported the party in this demand of the area.
The Rangbah spirit of the children has endured despite many difficulties in this journey.
The HYC is pleased to say that teachers are the builders of the country and they are the people who shape the nation, the State and the country as a whole.
However, there are some other cities in the North, which are still experiencing the same heat and drought.
That will depend on the authority in charge of the language to determine and decide what is required according to its use in speech, reading and writing.
Jomsingstar Ramsiej (20:15:94) and Obanshan Nongrum (20:35:47) in the men's category.
On the 6th of November, Latyrke SC will play against Shnongrim SC at 11.30 pm and Lakasein SC will play against Tluh SC at 1.30 pm.
The construction of toilets has been implemented by the Mawthadraishan C&RD Block through the Village Water and Sanitation Committee (VWSC) Umkrem in recent years. there are those who are built by their families.
Jowai, Naitung 04: The Dolloi of Jowai Elaka today together with the Saw Langdohs performed the 'Kñia Pyrthat' festival, while in the afternoon they took part in the 'Kñia Pyrthat' festival. ' together with the children of the Seiñ Raij.
They also demanded that the children of the contractors should be provided with mobile phones and other accessories to continue their studies during this time of school closure.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Sosthenes Sohtun MLA Jirang, Dr TS Momin DMHO, Dr E Kalwing District Tuberculosis Officer, Heads of these factories, BSw students of Women's College Shillong and others. officers from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Shillong: One person has been arrested in connection with the shooting and injuring of protesters during the FKJGP rally on the 28th of this month, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, today said. moon.
Any visit to places that they know is not safe for them.
The day was enriched by the participation of the students of Mang Hai Ryum Secondary School.
Arpit Upadhaya, Deputy Commissioner, Ri-Bhoi District, K Wanniang, DDMO, M Kharkongor, Consultant DDMA, Bah PH Shylla, Divisional Commandant, Homeguards, were also present at the closing ceremony. and others.
Shillong, July 6: U Bah Selukos Shadap, husband of Bahunlang Rympei, who was evacuated from Mawrong village after being accused of robbery, said that what happened in his life was like being shot. and it was like a sudden accident, which he couldn't imagine until now and his mind was filled with worried thoughts. “What happened to our family,” said Bah Shadap, the village headman of Mawrong.
The meeting was conducted by the Chief Commissioner of Income Tax, Shillong, RS Upadhyay and was attended by leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) and the Khasi Students' Union (KSU). Federation of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Peoples (FKJGP).
Hema Malini's parents have strongly opposed the marriage of Hema and Dhar, as he is already married to Prakash Kaur. She is the mother of Sunny Deol and Bobby Deol.
Now he has left the Party.
At this juncture, it is also the duty of all the People's Leaders from different Constituencies to take the lead in looking after the needs or demands of those who are facing difficulties. especially when they don't have the opportunity to earn a living.
However, hundreds of people every day, who enter peacefully without any road, have caused a lot of trouble to the villagers in many areas.
The salary for the current month of July shall be paid on the 10th of the following month and if the payment cannot be completed within the stipulated time, the same procedures shall be taken as in you have taken the first decision.
Meghalaya's players include Justin Fancon, Benedict Jones Makdoh, Da U La Biang Shangpliang (V-C), Gaurav Jyoti Thakuria, Jarrett M Wanniang, Agatchu Chetia K Marak, Namewanki Pakyntein, Kishlay Vishlux (C), Mariyoomiki Rystongkh , Aashish Kumar Lohar, Rudra Singh Rathore, Angkit Tamang, Special Chettri, Trinayan Dutta.
The food items included 2000 kilos of chirwa, 40,000 song of food items, 500 song of water, 2,000 body clothes, 2,000 banian, medicines and many others. the gifts.
The Rangbah Shnong of Wah Myntait, who is also the President of the Dorbar Pyllun of Hynniew Shnong, Bah Nowel Sumer, said, “We found on the 7th November 2009 that Manosha Warjri had come to survey the land. 400 acres and when the dorbar was held, she presented the documents to the Sordar of Raid Tynring, Bah C.Aikom Diengdoh, who approved the sale of the land. They did not belong to the Hima Khyrim and decided to sell this land to the Army.
It is one of the greatest tests.
John Janai Khardewsaw scored the first goal for Mylliem Grass Root in the 55th minute.
Therefore, the people from urban to rural areas have given their full support to the TMC because they know that it is the party that will bring about change and provide fair services to the people, said Bah George.
Nikhil Dkhar scored the first goal for Lumpyrtuh Mihmyntdu in the 18th minute and Hamewan Sayoo scored the first goal for Royal Pole Mihmyntdu in the 70+2
There were 547 male dancers while 481 female dancers.
In Ri Bhoi District, there are 4 cases of high risk and in South West Garo Hills, there are 2 cases of high risk and one case from Mahendraganj cluster.
Syria says – Israel is a disease planted among us” Egypt says – Egyptian troops are enough to erase the name of Israel from the map.
Shillong: After 220 hours and six days of suspension, the President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) Ardent M Basaiawmoit today dismissed the Expert Committee. to amend and review the Reservation Policy.
He said that the party has demanded that the KHADC should not issue NOC to the Indian government for the construction of the railway line in the state while the ILP has not been implemented in the state.
Winning the toss, EGH opted to bat first but smashed all their bowlers for just 51 runs.
Shillong, Naitung 9: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (NLL) has released Rochester Mylliem Kamar @ Bamut from Mawlai Umthlong due to illness. .
She also urged all the residents to work together to curb the illegal infiltration of foreigners.
In Fiji, the land includes not only the wildfire, but the sea so wide that man or woman cannot navigate.
“We all have our own responsibilities but sometimes there are misunderstandings or misguidance but as the BJP is united there is no such division,” he said.
“The publication of Dondorlang Khyriem and Mac Iver Thabah from Nonglum Unit shows that they are involved in this money laundering, especially the actions of Dondorlang Khyriem who was involved in the EC 10th/ 2/14 he compared himself exactly to that Ksew who cleansed his own prayer.
It is on these issues that the Congress will stand to fight for the future of the country and the nation, said Rahul.
“Our government, in the past year, has worked tirelessly to ensure that economic development comes to the state and in an equal manner,” he said.
The Dorbar of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi District has called for a 12 hour curfew in the district to protest against the Ordinance issued by the state government under the leadership of MUA-II. They demanded the immediate enactment of the Village Administrative Bill as sent by the KHADC to the Government since
When he arrived at the office, the officer said that he would arrest him, so he took out his mobile phone to call the OC of Langpih BOP. He got up from the chair and tried to lock him inside the room but he managed to escape.
It is called Naishonglad because it lives for a long time.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Albinus Timung, Rangbah Shnong of Rongmasek, said that the purpose of the village to revive the Krut Lyngkha is only to remind the future generations so that they will know what happened. the ancients did so before they sowed the seed.
On the other hand, he said that as the party, he does not want them to happen.
If the demarcation goes ahead, the Pnar villages should come to Meghalaya,” said Nujokri.
“From now on, I and my family will work hard to serve the people of Sohiong Constituency,” said Bah HDR.
James Jyrwa, Reginald Khiangte and Arki Dkhar.
When asked whether the new bill will violate the right to vote by foreigners and also to protect the foreign workers who live and work in the coal mines, he said. that he will speak on this issue on the first day to come.
“We will wait and see what comes out of the FIR. If the Symbud Myntri Rangbah really wants to take action against these perpetrators, the FIR will be filed. It should work and should not end up as a letter of complaint,” he said.
He said the statements of the ethnic parties against the NPP were part of the election campaign.
That was the time when Bah Deng HS Shylla founded the HNF and stirred up the Khasi Jaintia Hills by expelling the Dkhars and foreigners who came to live here in the Khasi Hills. Jaintia.
Pool-F, Chilliangraij, Southern SA, Southeast and Southeast.
Police also conducted a search operation on the NH0-06 in Kongong and seized the vehicle and the persons involved at about 2:30 pm.
The consequences of selfishness can cause great suffering in many areas.
Darlet said that this program which provides information to the school children especially those in the area where there is no department is very important, for the information of them as school children as well. also the residents of the area to know how this department conducts its activities.
He said that five MLAs have expressed their willingness to join the party before the election.
We don't know, maybe it will reach thousands.
In Nongpyndeng, which is one of the villages with more than 3,000 voters, it was witnessed that the people of Nongpyndeng village have come forward to show that they have a strong spirit not only to win the election. Macmillan Byrsat is the current MLA.
“Government ministers should not speak against the Prime Minister.
In the third match, Threll Dkhar scored the goals in the 14th minute and Bantei Lamare in the 2nd minute. 42.
He said that through this festival, it will also showcase the richness of the thylleij language in which about 54 Himas have their own dialects, traditional dress, traditional food from their respective villages. Province.
As soon as the news came out that the UDP Pynursla Circle has approved the name of Bah Nehru Suting, many of Bah Khan's supporters were shocked and it was seen that while he was talking to reporters, many people were shocked. his supporters who called him to discuss the matter.
Shillong, June 18: Due to the overcrowding of Madan vendors especially foreigners on the footpaths in the Ïewduh and Ïewmawlong areas, which has caused a lot of traffic jam to the people who come to pay and pass through the town. The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday met with the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem to demand that the Hima should take action in this regard.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong of Padubah, N.Pohthmi, has expressed his deep concern for the delay of MeECL in providing electricity to the village. He asked why the city has been without electricity for 10 or 2 days while in Paduhbah village, the city has been without electricity for almost 2 months. different mo'
Kevin and Chris Tine, a model and handbag designer, have been together since 1998 and were married in 2004 at Kevin's Ranch in Colorado.
More than 5 lakh Bihari Muslims have also entered India from Bangladesh, according to former Assam Governor Lt. Gen. SK Sinha, who sent a letter to the President of India in 1998.
These Karbi and Tiwa tribes had the opportunity to take part in the showcase of their culture.
Shillong, July 06: After the resignation of some party leaders from Garo Hills, the BJP has formed new departments in Garo Hills including Ri-Bhoi.
On the day of his death, Rev.T.Kharbani prayed.
He said prostitution is a human right and personal life should be respected and protected, in accordance with the law of the land.
KAS will hold six (6) seminars in six districts of Hynniewtrep during the month of April and November this year starting today at Shillong College, EKH District. and after that will be followed by a public hearing in Shillong.
Lanosha's father went to visit him.
They should also provide all the necessary documents such as Labor Licence, Trading Licence, Work Permit and other documents to prove themselves.
Besides many people being shot dead, many others were also injured in the incident.
The two day tournament was sponsored by the Sports Department of the State Government with the participation of 372 children from under 10 years to seniors.
The quake was felt at 3.56 pm with its epicenter 33 kilometers west of Champhai in Mizoram, the National Center for Seismology said.
The court said that the report of the counsel has been recorded.
These miracles reveal the purpose of Jesus' mission to lift the burdens of the people and to stand with them in the struggle for a fulfilled life.
His wife, Sitalin, has an 8 tola locket worth T.2,40,000, 3 tola gold necklace worth T.90,000, 10 tola gold sati worth T.90,0 There is a 2.5 acre plot of land in Mawtap and the total area of ​​land owned by the wife of Bah Boney is 6,53,400 square feet. Mr. Boney has property worth T.2,50,00,000 while his wife has T.2,20,00,0
The T.75 lakh is only for the question fee while the correction of the answers of the students is left to the teachers of their schools.
He said that in the past decades of civil war in Syria, Israel has fired hundreds of times into the Syrian border, in areas where there are rebel groups as well as to Syrian security and military bases.
KHNAM was also signed by Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
“The party has once again had the opportunity to talk about the corruption involved in some political parties, especially the Congress party in the Congress-ruled states.
A friend of Cornelius Lyngdoh, a son of the Umphyrnai Church, and I were very fortunate to be able to sing a song at this service.
In fact, this is the most important thing, especially in this time of pandemic, to repent and renew our lives to righteousness and justice.
“We have started this work to make the state rank 10 among other states and we have moved forward with the aim of reaching the goal of 10 billion economy and adding 10 more opportunities. and to identify 10 areas that will be the leaders of growth and employment," he said.
“Their demand has been head-scratching however.
Rida has lost confidence in her mother since that day and a spirit of hatred has entered into them.
The Minister of Mawten Village, Bah L.Lyngkhoi, has expressed his gratitude to the old leaders who have shaped the Seng Samla Shnong until today.
The incident happened near the Gabbharu Pahar slasha factory while the two men were returning from a tourist resort in the same area.
Kolkata: Children's Minister V Muraleedharan, India, today was stoned to death at Panchkhuri in West Midnapore district of West Bengal.
In the second leg, Meghalaya lost all its players.
At the beginning of the tournament, there was a match between four teams, in which the first match was played between Rongdop and Umtasor and Rongdop won the title. The second match was between Nongmawlong Football Club and Rongmesek FC and Nongmawlong FC won the match.
When the police rushed to the scene, they found that the children were unconscious and were taken to the Civil Hospital.
The 24-year-old won a silver medal in the 400m at the Jakarta Asian Games in
There were many reasons why Rajendra Singh did not want to be king only in the rural areas of the Jaintia Hills, and one of the reasons was that he could not collect taxes from his thousands of children. The rilum area is like a mountain of taxes for the raiot who are in the rithor.
Shillong, March 16: 14 people have attended the meeting, except for Bah LG Nongsiej and Bah Victor Rani who are not in Shillong but have informed that they are with the PDF. Shillong, March :A youth has been shot dead by robbers in Rishipara, Tura district. The incident has caused a stir in the area. city ​​today.
He said that as a Christian he has not witnessed the BJP Government's discrimination against the poor under the wise leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Narendra Modi has appointed him as a Minister of the Government of India to work for the welfare of the people.
The Governor of Meghalaya has directed that even if applications are received by the District Courts throughout the State under the Rules of Administration, shall be implemented under the provisions of the Code of Criminal Procedure,
“A hundred years have passed, we have elected the same people who have done nothing,” said Bah Pariat.
Perhaps in rural schools there is a lack of mentoring by teachers especially for young women.
He also urged the VDP to cooperate with the Disaster Management authorities to ensure that the rainy season has arrived and there will be natural disasters. movies events.
This is the goal I have expressed to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi for 10 years.
Tura, Lber 16 : Three robbers who created a social media page and tried to revive the dead GNLA and called themselves “GNLA-R (Regroup)” have been arrested by the National Police. Garo Hills on Saturday.
When asked about his views on this, Dr Mukul said, “Any action of the central government for the sake of the country and the people should be commended”.
"Then you will lead to the loss of money while you are still alive.
Although Meghalaya played well in the ball, when they got back to bat, they managed to score only 78 runs and lost by 6 wickets. from the opposite side.
He said that he is still collecting a report on the financial statements of the Council.
The JSU is not against the railway, but the ILP is needed to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners and what is needed is to improve education, health facilities, proper roads. priority needs of the region.
Until now, there is still doubt whether the implementation of the Roster System will be done retrospectively, that is, from previous years, not continuously since the Court's order in June. , 2022.
Nongstoiñ, 23 Naiwieng: The total cost of damage to the Shahlang Market has reached T.78 lakh 98 thousand. there are up to 12 that are two tad shops.
Furthermore, at this meeting, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh was appointed as the Working President of the party and Bah Emlang Lytan was also appointed as the Working President of the party.
Shillong, March 17: The Procession of Mary of the Visitation Church, Mawprem Parish, Shillong will be held on the 19th March 2014 at 1.30 pm from the church grounds to the streets of Lower Mawprem Shillong.
Allegedly, Dr Mukul Sangma wants to join the BJP, Pala said, “Soon, Mukul's family and his group will join the BJP. They have tried to invite many of our employees.
I can't touch my feet.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Rosetta Mary Kurbah, who was the Chief Guest, congratulated and congratulated the winners.
To curb the incident, police officials and magistrates rushed to the scene, the report said.
However, until now, it has ended only in the party's struggle.
Let us not talk about the causes of evil, but let us turn back a little and ask as these words say, "The work of mercy or the work of goodness begins in Rympei" so that we can understand why. but they have done evil in these days.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has urged the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh to take action against the recruitment of jobs at NEIGRIHMS.
I would like to congratulate the VEC office bearers who have shown closeness and understanding between themselves and the employees and job card holders and this has brought about an increase in the performance and can also be implemented properly. “It's a job in this VEC,” said Bah Passah.
I think it's true, because our house has been quarantined from 7th to 17th August 2021, and during these days we can't go anywhere, but no one has come neither money, nor barley, nor bread, nor sugar, nor bread.
“We are not against this committee and we accept it but we urge it to start first and those from home should not be invited from outside like you did to Tonu Dey (Guarav) because since we were elected as MDC leaders, The District Council has not invited the MDCs to discuss these issues even once. This is something that surprises us as fellow MDCs. The three MDCs expressed their surprise to see in the newspapers that the CEM has announced that he will invite all the MLAs of Jaintia Hills to give their opinion on the issue. The council has set up a coordination committee between the MLAs and its EC and this shows that the CEM does not need other MDCs who are not in his Executive Committee (EC) and does not accept them. The BJP MDCs have urged the CEM to call the MLAs who are not EMs and for this reason he cannot use the opinions of the MDCs who are not EMs. They called on all the MDCs to give their opinion on how to save the council and if they cannot give their opinion after that they will call those who are eligible, but for now they urge the CEM to call the MDCs first. The JHADC is one of the three Autonomous Councils in the State of Meghalaya which have been created under the Sixth Schedule since 1946 according to the Constitution of India for the protection of culture, land and other issues related to our minority.
Shillong: The Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) has held its third workshop on the introduction of sports as a subject in schools.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
After 10 months, if the government remains silent, the four political parties will take a decision on how to proceed with the voice of the people of the West.
Speaking to media, the Minister said that the terms and conditions cannot be changed as they are the same for all political parties.
The Congress has accused the NPP of being a sheep in sheep's clothing after NPP President Conrad K Sangma accompanied Prime Minister Narendra Modi when he filed his nomination papers. u candidate MP from Varanasi Parliamentary constituency, Uttar Pradesh recently.
Tobacco is against humanity.
The theme of the tournament is, “Say No to Drugs”.
The organization said that Christian churches themselves want to teach the teachings of Jesus Christ in a spirit of love and respect for others.
Ha u Maw Shongthait Before Entering the House of the Elderly: The son leaves the father to the house of the elderly.
Now we have the year 2024 again.
The meeting was attended by Bah PK Pangniang MLA/MDC, President HSPDP West Khasi Hills, W. Mawsor Vice President WKH, LG Nongsiej MDC General Secretary WKH, Tuberlin Lyngdoh President HSPDP Mawthadraishan and Grossper RyntaDPtha.
From this 30-40 tonnes, besides the income of the driver, the owner earns, the High Level earns 20-50 tonnes to 70-80 thousand,” said Bah Martle.
Jowai, Lber 10: The Budget Session of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) Jowai which started on 9th October 2022 has concluded today. Chairman of JHADC Dr. Sankey Shangpung and approved the budget for the year 2023-2024 of T.205,19,52,5 The total amount is T.174,59,38,400.00 (One Hundred and Seventy-four thousand five hundred and fifty-five thousand four hundred) tyngka.
Ferman Lamurong scored the first goal for Pala.
The JAC Jaintia Hills District which includes the AJCVA, MPUF, JSM, JYF, HYC, HNPF and RJTA has given its full support to the Sur of Mawlai to demand the suspension of the police chiefs in connection with the shooting of Bah (L) Cherishsterfield Thangkhiew. it happened on the 13th of April.
Powergrid won the match by four wickets and Pradeep Varun was named man of the match.
His performances for Pathachakra FC in the 2018-19 Calcutta Premier Division led him to the I-League this season where he joined Gokulam Kerala. through the ram.
He said that the poor women are the most affected, because they come from more remote villages like Phyllut, Langlew, Marngor and others, even if the time of childbirth is near. They didn't go to the hospital.
how much more u Blei.
Shortly after the spread of Tuliram's letter, the SHM has sent a letter to the CEM JHADC, Thombor Shiwat to demand that the CEM of JHADC should take action to protect the land and boundaries of the villages. It also demanded that the boundary between Meghalaya and Assam should be rectified on the basis of the history, maps and documents of the villages and Elaka under the JHADC. The SHM also burnt a copy of Tuliram's statement to condemn the unfounded statement of the CEM of KAAC at the gate of JHADC. The Council confirms that Mukroh has a proper boundary and is also an old village including other villages on the border which were settled before the notification of
This was discovered after samples of the food sold by the company were taken to the research center in Hyderabad and found to be defective in many ways. .
These words were spoken by David Quammen, author of Spillover.
They sell a variety of goods and reach the villages in various ways.
Finally, they had to leave the area. They said that some people said that it was a job struggle only for the children of retired soldiers. the vacancies are in the thousands.
However, we should not be overly concerned or take advantage because greed can lead to loss.
In 1984, the Legislative Assembly introduced the Khasi & Jaintia Special Provision, and in 1986, it was approved by the Governor of the State.
it is not allowed to stir and stir the food so that it will burn.
"Maybe the Basian Judges will implement it soon, maybe the others will implement it by
She warned that the personal lives of party leaders or supporters, who have nothing to do with public office, should not be interfered with.
He urged Bhalang to work and continue to work hard so that he can get the merit list.
Khotlang Syrti scored the first goal for Mookympad in the 7th minute and Pidawan Bang scored the second goal for Tubershohshrieh in the 26th minute.
Army Lipon president Synjuk Waheh Shnong Ri Jaintia Hills District has urged the State Government to resolve the border issue as soon as possible so that the residents along the border area can enjoy their rights and freedom of work and avoid being discriminated against by others. nations.
In South West Garo Hills, he was born in Assam.
He said that the District authorities are always with all the associations that come forward to promote sports in the district.
Adelbert Nongrum said that the District Council does not accept the government's introduction of the Ordinance and urged the Chief Executive Members not to be misled by the government's Ordinance. He said that the people have no knowledge of the Ordinance.
Regarding the Lok Sabha elections in Meghalaya, the gazette will be published on the 18th of this month, the deadline for filing of nomination papers is the 25th of this month, the date of scrutiny. The date of withdrawal of candidacy is the 26th of this month, the date of withdrawal of candidacy is the 28th of this month, the date of polling is the 11th of June, the date of counting of votes is the 23rd of June. The deadline for the election is 27th January.
To better understand the children and students regarding the choice of lines of study, the Minister gave an example of his experience as a school student.
“The Congress has a strong base in Shella and has the hope of winning,” he said.
The new recruits are selected from across the country and will join the Government in various departments including Posts, Indian Audit & Accounts, Atomic Energy, Revenue, Higher Education, Defence, Health & Family Welfare, and others.
Agnes, was admitted to the hospital at 6 pm on 8th November 2018, five hours after she was shot.
Two goals for Rynjah SC were scored by Banshailang Khriem (73rd minute) and Hasken Roy Kharsati (78th minute).
Speaking to media, the President of the union, Babu Birbor Riangtem, said that the teachers have given time to the government to implement what they have been demanding for a long time. They also held a 23-day protest in front of the Mot of Kiang Nangbah.
Shitlang Pale, MLA of 5 Sutnga-Saipung, has been shocked to see a false news on social media that “Shitlang Pale will join the BJP”. Shilang said that he has no intention of joining the BJP and contesting the 2023 elections from the party.
In fact, the Government should pay special attention to such places because it is a sacred duty to protect and care for our precious fellow human beings.
But this is not necessarily a good path.
And they don't allow women to participate in society.
For example, in one of the neighboring states, the owner of the land becomes a minority, when he stands up to demand his own right to the land that has been established and distributed by his ancestors. They are oppressed and beaten by force, because being low paid is a sign that they can no longer raise their heads in order to earn their rightful income.
The tournament, organized by the Meghalaya Table Tennis Association (MTTA) with the support of the State Government, was inaugurated by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh. Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh.
and her supporters said that they will fight as hard as they can to win Santa Mary Shylla this time.
Many of them were reportedly admitted to hospital.
“Another issue that affects the state is the government's decision to hold the Cherry Blossom Festival and this decision of the government has brought many comments from many quarters.
It will be a difficult election for the AITC and I don't see them winning many MLAs. He said the Congress leaders will return to Garo Hills next month.
– Lipstick is one of the things that all women like to apply on their lips.
We appeal to all groups to bring peace and harmony in the State,” he said.
“With this policy, we expect to exceed 10 billion dollars by T.10,000 crore in jobs and investment in the next 3-4 years,” he said. state.
You don't have to have a house! Don't let the future generation punish you as Pdah Umdor said in the Khasi Dorbar in ancient times, “If you don't, you shouldn't put a stone!”.
“Recently, the youths who are contesting the police examination have protested to demand that the government should announce the results because the government has called for the examination without announcing the results yet,” he said.
She said that the authorities should not hesitate until they have arrested the robbers involved in the crimes – and also to give them severe punishment to prevent it from becoming the understanding of other thieves.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU-EJHDU) through its Sports Committee has congratulated Cleverson Mynthlu who has been selected to represent the state in the National Aquatic Championship in Hyderabad. from May 2-5.
According to the statement, the committee found that government schools in Delhi are well equipped with Digital Classrooms, CCTVs, Laptops, Libraries and Schools. Health Clinic up to 20.
Shillong, March 20: The Excise Department of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong on Tuesday said that the Excise Department of the district is continuing to curb the illegal sale of liquor by conducting raids inside the district. restaurants, shops and others within urban and suburban areas as well.
According to BSF officials, it was the Head Constable who shot three bullets from a Beretta SMG at Bah Roning who died shortly afterwards.
Although Naidu was transferred from Nandyal and brought to court on Sunday, his MLAs and other leaders remained under house arrest.
The crematorium, which is about 100 meters long, has rooms like a large house inside which can accommodate about 40-50 people.
Speaking at the Overseas Nursing Job Fair in Shillong today, the CM said the government is committed to supporting nurses for employment abroad.
After a while, the people cooled down and left the venue after the SDO (Civil) Sohra Sub-Division, Bah L.Kynjing, spoke to the people. He said that the village council meeting scheduled for today has been postponed and the village council will be resolved by the court later.
Two persons who died in hospital include one in Barato and another in Jowai.
And he said unto them, “I appeal to everyone to be patient and we will see from next year how to count the days so that everyone can enjoy and benefit from this festival”.
Not only the houses, which were destroyed by the storm, some of which were destroyed by the roof, some of which were carried away completely, some of which were completely destroyed and some of which were destroyed. The tree and many electrical signs, which were cut down by the storm, and also the electrical wires, which fell, due to the strong wind.
Also present were KSU President Daniel Khyriem, Auguster Jyrwa General Secretary, Rangbah Shnong and Chief Executive Members from all over the villages.
AR Mawthoh was the first General Secretary of the Nongrim Hills SS&CC which was established in
He said that during public meetings within the Dorbar Shnongs, only the villagers should come to listen with these four followers of the candidate.
Shillong: On the claim of the HNLC, that many youths who want ILP have joined the HNLC; On the other hand, the Minister of Home Affairs, Dr. Aman Warr, said that he has no report that any youths have joined any insurgency activities in the state.
"“This delay in announcing the results of those who have passed the examination by the Institute, especially since they are the residents of the state, has affected the transparency in the appointment process as it affects the authorities. think and the economy of the employers," the union said.
Shillong: The East Khasi Hills Under-12 Football Tournament ended on Tuesday at the JN Stadium, Polo Shillong.
It will also help the people of the area in employment as well as increase the production of quality knives and finished goods.
“We have been able to complete 83 incidents with the help of CCTV,” she said.
He said that the state government intends to evict these residents, who have been living in the area for 150 years and have been recognized by the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
On the other hand, East Shillong MLA Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh congratulated the Women's College for organizing this meeting and hoped that women in the state will become more prominent in the field of politics. fast clock.
“Why don't you go inside, eat, fish, pork, beef, here you will eat only bread and dai”.
“We have gathered all the Adhoc School Teachers from all the Districts of the State.
The Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Meghalaya, said this while talking to reporters after filing his nomination papers at the DC's office in Mairang.
This means that Gavin will be the President of the Sohra Block and Banteidor will be the President of the Mawkynrew Block.
Perhaps the elections in this constituency are truly clean and transparent even though we all know that the power of money works in any election.
In the first leg, Mookyrdup won 6-0
The Minister said that the contractors will start their work from Monday so that the work can go faster.
If anyone goes to court on the roads, we hope that it will bring about changes in the construction and maintenance of roads in the state.
For those who want to escape from the daily routine, a visit to the evening market in Nan Polok this month will bring you joy and happiness.
At the end of the Cabinet meeting, the Prime Minister told reporters, “We will speak after the review meeting on Covid”.
The game is very meaningful; It is an opportunity to build the minds of children and to create a bright future for Meghalaya.
Therefore, the HYC urges the Chief Superintendent of Police to ensure the operation of the Infiltration Department so that it can prevent the free entry of foreigners as well.
On Saturday, Group A will play against Langsning in Shillong at 3 pm, in Group B, Jowai Youth Club Pdengkarong will play against Rangdajied United at 2:30 pm. In Group C, Mawkyrwat, Seven United will face Shillong Lajong at 3 pm and in Group D, Tura will face Wasa FC at 3 pm.
Shillong, Naitung 07 : The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has appointed the Khasi Hills Building and Structure Regulatory Authority (KHADC) for the implementation of the Meghalaya Building Bye-Bye. Laws within the boundary of the district except the Shillong Normal Area.
John Roberts as “THE FATHER OF KHASI LITERATURE”.
Although this place is a tourist attraction, it is not beautiful because it is covered with niut ki nier.
Nongpoh, Lber 26: After a complaint from the farmers in Umlaper area, who have faced problems with the damage to their farmland, due to the negligence of the contractor who is constructing the PMGSY road, from Umlaper to KSU Lymphuid, led by Samla Lamkyrdan Sungoh, Organizing Secretary of KSU, NKHD and members of Nongpoh Circle, on Thursday, conducted a visit to inspect and strongly condemn the incident. The contractor did not build the road.
Regarding the issue expressed by the buyers that the kilo cut should cover the jhur and rotten agricultural products in the same song, Bah Titos said, “We have discussed at the meeting with we have decided to suggest that farmers should apply directly instead of appearing all over so that consumers will also get only good products and reject bad and rotten products," he said.
The SP (City) said that on the 18th of this month at 9:00 pm, Police from Sohra Police Station raided Nongsohma village under the leadership of one of the arrested persons. This time, a motorcycle thief from Nongsohma village has been arrested who has admitted to being involved in the theft of two wheeler motorcycles from Shillong in collaboration with others.
The Khasi Department of NEHU, in collaboration with the Khasi Author's Society, on 23rd October, organized a Special Lecturer on the topic of British Imperial Journalism. The meeting was held at the Kiang Nangbah Guest House Auditorium.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has closely monitored the state of peace and order in the State so that the elections can be conducted smoothly and efficiently in both the Loks. Sabha constituency in this State.
People, in terms of culture, language, religion and ethnic groups around the world understand the value of snepkor as a source in many ways for health as well as as a medicine.
The appearance of the stones and roads in the pond has caused people from the state and other states who come to Damsite to take a walk to the end of the pond.
There are 133 confirmed cases, 13,433 recoveries and 144 deaths.
“India Gate is the place of those brave men who sacrificed their lives for the country.
JOWAI: The Confederations of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) has left for the 1st North East People Conference 2019 in Imphal, Manipur.
Afterwards, Ronaldo said that the incident had hurt his reputation.
The State President of the BJP, Bah Ernest Mawrie on Tuesday threw a stone at the NPP for being smart enough to work for the people.
To encourage the hard work of the teachers, the school has honored 3 (3) teachers Shiningstar Kharjahrin, Stemly Kharjahrin and Refullin Kharjahrin. some of whom have contributed to the development of education.
“In the past few months, even the pigs in the state have been affected by the disease known as Swine Fever and therefore it will be difficult for pigs from outside the state to enter the country. “We have found that there are dead pigs in the truck that brought these pigs,” said Bah Bandary Ryntathiang.
The Chief Minister said the purpose of the mission is to improve the income of farmers in the rural areas.
They were arrested from a night super bus (AS-01-HC-9034) coming from Agartala and heading to Guwahati.
Earlier, the district authorities of West Jaintia Hills have imposed a curfew in Sahsniang village after the incident of stone throwing at the houses of UDP supporters. NPP supporters have thrown stones at the houses of UDP supporters in Sahsniang on Friday.
They also said that the basic needs of the Balakhwa area are to have adequate electricity, schools, public health centres, banks and many other needs. Please explain to us about these requirements.
He said this will strengthen the police force in the state after 42 years of independence where the police outposts have only 6-8 policemen.
The Minister said that the department will try to complete this work within two months.
Rosetta M Kurbah (IAS), Deputy Commissioner East Khasi Hills, was the chief guest on the occasion and gave words of encouragement to the athletes.
He said the president of the party has already lodged a complaint against them and the employees of Tura on the groundless allegation against them.
"The tournament was also attended by BJYM General Secretary Evarist Myrching, BJYM President Mewaker Lyngdoh, BJYM General Secretary Joydeep Ghosh, BJP Ri Bhoi District President. Sen Thabah, President of Ri Bhoi District Kissan Morcha Munim Raja, Presidents of other Mandals from the district and members of the Mahila Morcha.
The NPP is one of the five political parties in India, which has received its own office, which was given by the Government of India, in 75 North Aenues.
The program was also enriched by songs and dances by the youth from all over the villages of South West Khasi Hills District as well as a costume performance by the children.
U Bah NS Wanniang, Myntri Shnong Mawlangwir in his speech said that it is a great encouragement for the village as a whole that today they have been able to hold a public meeting to change the name of the village. The match was played at the Rowell Lyngdoh Stadium, Mawlangwir.
Sarafina Nance, 26, is currently pursuing her PhD in astrophysics at the University of California, Berkeley, and is studying supernovae.
What does this mean? Let's see what Daniel says-“And he shall make a firm covenant with many for one day (7 years) and in the middle of that month (3 and a half years), he shall take away the sacrifice and the grain offering. :and upon the mountains of the devil shall come one that destroyeth.
Bah Kyrshan Lyngdoh – E/C member UDP YW Ri Bhoi District
Edestar Nongsiej scored the first goals in the 27th and 32nd minutes, Robeljun Shangdiar in the 34th, 36th, 38th and 40th minutes. Jopharson Kharsyiemlieh scored another goal in the 41st minute.
The union has expressed its surprise that the construction of this college is slow and has not been completed yet and demanded from the state government that the construction of this college should be completed as soon as possible. That the students who want to study in this line of engineering should be able to study in this college because many students cannot study through the state government and have to go abroad to study and this creates problems. Because some children come from poor families, it affects their income.
A UDP leader who did not want to be named said, “We have decided to support the NPP to ensure the stability of the Government in the state.
Police have registered a case and charged the leading HYC leaders with violating the law on the day of the raid on the residents of Lum Survey.
He said that the party is sorry at this time because the influx of foreigners is one of the ways to spread covid-19 in our state and the law is too strict because The punishment shall be only for the indigenous people and not for the authorities.
Police have registered a case under sections 352/365//342 IPC and the body was taken to Khliehriat CHC for post mortem.
The development of these markets will bring income to the residents and this will increase the income of the state as a whole.
He also promised that he would take all necessary measures to ensure that such incidents do not happen again in any part of the country.
The NPP has 12 MDCs while the Congress has seven MDCs, which means that the total number of MDCs has reached 18 out of 29 MDCs (except one MLA). plants).
Earlier, the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills E Kharmalki, SP Deepak Kumar Palecha and others were present.
Regarding this, the girl has lodged a complaint with the law enforcement authorities, so that they can take the necessary action and also to arrest the robbers, who have insulted the girl, by you are using your Facebook account.
“The same phi is not different.
The Department of Personnel and Training (DOPT) has issued this order on Tuesday. These salaries to IAS, IPS and IFS officers from this area have been abolished.
In the Khasi, the number 7 can also refer to the “HynñiewTrep”.
The Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) on Thursday said it is against the Central Government's proposal to introduce the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) and will soon send a letter to the Law Commission of India. on this part.
“If the Government goes ahead with this, it is part of the violation of the rights of those States which should have gone to elections at any time.
Hardware : you can't hammer it; Type is a body that cannot be touched and seen.
Furthermore, Bah Bless asked what law has been passed by the government to protect the Jaitbynriew because from time to time there has been talk of passing a law to protect the Jaitbynriew. The demand for the Inner Line Permit (ILP) has been stalled.
Entry and exit to these places has been closed from today.
The universe is full of creatures and creations of many kinds, many colors, many skits and many forms.
In the 50th minute, PFR Academy through K Synrem scored the third goal and in the 54th minute, Mawreng won 2-1 In the 60th minute, PFR Academy once again scored the first goal through R Nongkynrih.
The State Government after reading carefully the provisions under Article 163 of the Constitution after approval by the Cabinet.
About 50,000 children and 10,000 parents have received food assistance through Self Help Groups.
It is reported that the disease was not severe before but now it has become more severe although some of them have recovered.
In this regard, the ICMR has set up a National Task Force to study the incidents of bseiñ in India.
He urged to take care to protect the plants from destruction such as deforestation and logging.
The COVID Response Task Force has seven members and is chaired by P Sampath Kumar IAS.
“This is a government that has done everything wrong because it says one thing and does another,” said the Senior Working President of the UDP. It is the household affairs of the Congress which should be resolved among themselves, but what is the problem that it cannot resolve its own affairs, which has put the people in trouble.
“I would like to point out that the amount mentioned in the RTI is correct, but the answer conveyed in the Dorbar Synrai is on the amount that has already been spent,” she said.
One thing I am very happy about is that he gets to continue his studies as long as you can support him.
JOWAI: Khad Ar Daloi Law College, Jowai and Shillong Law College, Shillong have been the first and second places in the LL.B examination. Eastern Hill University (NEHU) on the 26th of this month.
He said the target is to eradicate the disease by the end of
Former President of India and one of the Congress leaders Pranab Mukherjee has passed away today after a long illness.
Earlier, the Ministry of Environment, Government of India, in a letter sent to the State Government on 22nd November 2010 after a complaint by the Seng, said, “The use of the land The Forest Conservation Act 1980 is a violation of the Supreme Court's order and the Forest Conservation Act
Regarding the repair of the road, the leaders of the RBYF 20mer Circle, said that the repair of the road, was after they saw that the road has become very bad and has caused problems. except for the school children who use this road.
Shillong: U Bah Julius Dorphang MLA Mawhati constituency will contest again in the 2018 MLA elections. don't be in prison.
Jowai, November 28: The Returning Officer of West Jaintia Hills District today examined 14 nomination papers submitted by four candidates for the Mid-Term Elections from War East Constituency. While examining the documents of these candidates at the DC office in Jowai, supporters of various candidates also came to accompany them.
Shah said that in order to bring peace and order in the North East, the Modi Government has signed nine agreements and through these, many outstanding issues related to you are at peace.
Speaking to reporters, NPP President and Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma said, “Our State Committee (NPP) in Nagaland has met today and The NDA has decided to support the NDPP candidate and also to give its support as a spirit of friendship within the NDA. The NPP President added, “As you know, the NDA friends have expressed their support to the various political parties of the NDA. Candidates have been nominated in various constituencies in the North East.
The MPUF on Friday demanded from the district administration to provide police force to patrol the Ratacherra entry point which is also the testing center for those coming from the country. other states.
“I will not contest elections whether MDC, MLA or MP, I have decided not to turn to politics,” said Bah Shylla at a meeting of the Seng Kur. membership of the NPP and will have no intention of joining any political party.
Media reports say that 10 people have died from the injection, but hundreds of others have recovered from the disease.
Nongpoh: U Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, today inaugurated the building of the RCLP School Khongwing, located in Khongwing village. Meghalaya-Assam in the Sunapur area.
In the afternoon, the Kmairaij took their diengkhlam to the Siatthong Square and the Khnong Blai was taken to Poh Sawiar for the suit ban shor which was completed by the Dolloi of Jowai District who is the head of religion and Kñi Nikhla.
(5) From Jaintia Hills, the Lok Sabha MP who is also the President of the Congress party in Meghalaya may nominate from the constituency to contest for the post of Chief Minister after
The celebration began with a riti ceremony by the elders led by Bah Raphael Warjri, Head of the Synjuk Riti Academy.
He said that the Smart Cities Mission is a symbol of the Prime Minister's vision to have a 'New India' and that this is an important part of the vision of a developed India. year 2047.
“The journalists are fulfilling their duties as assigned to them for the benefit of the people and this incident is unacceptable.
U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA of Jirang Constituency, as an encouragement to the students, sent a message of congratulations to all those who have passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC and at the same time encouraged them to In this age of knowledge, knowledge is precious and it is important that as students, we have to strive to acquire knowledge.
The Additional Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Banraplang Jyrwa was the chief guest and the Rangbah Shnong of Deinchynrum, Bah Welbert Nongtdu was the chief guest.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: Mission Smile, Guwahati in collaboration with District Early Intervention Centers through the National Health Program Program has conducted a screening and treatment of children suffering from oral diseases. such as cleft lip and cleft palate.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner promised to inform the government and look into the matter before opening the market, said a statement from the General Secretary Lurman B. Talang.
He said that it is a great pride that Raid Nongtluh is known as the Eri Silk Village and Umden-Diwon has been set up as its headquarters. assistance for individuals or groups to promote the garment industry.
The 68-year-old woman, who died of Covid-19 yesterday, is a resident of Barapathar.
The light of the Spirit came to him to explain that he should choose his friends carefully especially in these days when young people are falling into the trap of many temptations.
“As a young man, he should also avoid child marriage, avoid eating and drinking alcohol and other beverages but he should be successful in this field so that it will be of benefit in the future. ", they encouraged.
It's not over and it's not too late as long as we can't fight, the demand is more from our parents than from the people. fight without rest, for the beginning of the night is not yet over.
The vehicle leaves Shillong for Ri-Bhoi and is also a police vehicle that accompanies government officials.
At the same time, the Raid Nongtung supported the demand of the KSU, CORP, HANM and RUPA that the government should immediately remove the gate erected by Assam in Jatalong and village. Sabuda and in their place, a Meghalaya police outpost should be set up to protect the residents of the area.
These marrep are such as synsar, slatyrpad, wild shrub, shrub and siej.
The above statement is further confirmed by the words of Peter, the greatest disciple of Jesus.
The meeting between the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam on Tuesday at Janata Bhawan, Assam in the presence of the Chief Secretaries of the two states and other senior officials agreed to create a Regional Committees within 15 days.
Once you have sold to companies, you have sold your environment.
There is no point in demanding justice only in the city because our people are in the city.
The JNV said that the CEM and his EC do not understand the opinion of the District Council, otherwise how can he do this? PK Deb should be dismissed immediately, otherwise the party will announce a massive protest, said Ma Heipor Pariat, Organizing Secretary of the party and Kong Yoolangki Niangti, President Women Wings JNV Shillong. , 20 October: U Ma Writer Shylla, passed away today, while he was attending church in Smit.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: U CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, on Tuesday rejected the leadership of the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma. you trust him.
Has the Government ended up making promises to the madar and the Minister in charge of Roads, Prestone Tynsong has ended up just pu turoi that the MDA Government has set a record in receiving more schemes? They say that the MDA Government is “the Government only for the rich”; is this the reason why it leaves the roads empty? If the State doesn't take care of its own people, where will these small towns go, especially in such times of pandemic, if there are not enough roads, roads and health facilities? What happened to these raitong?,,.
Look at Genesis 39:10-12 “And it came to pass, as she spake to Joseph day by day, that he hearkened not unto her, to lie by her, or to be with her.
It is therefore necessary to inspect these plants for damage or damage for any reason.
He also urged the UDP leadership to investigate thoroughly who is entitled to get the ticket.
He said that people are mining illegally because the BJP government has promised them to introduce a coal mining law and has included it in its election manifesto.
The reason for the decision to hold the meeting only at the Dorbar Hall is that the village is concerned about the welfare of the village in many aspects, as well as the cleanliness of the morning.
Other pasts who attended the function included Finelyness Bareh, MDC Rymbai-Khliehriat, District Sports Officer, Stephanie Rapsang, C Tlang, General Secretary, James Sutnga, Working. President of the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association.
The branches and the leaves of the tree are strong, they are joined together.
Up to 14 members of the executive committee including women who have joined the JSM have been elected. The meeting was conducted by Skhembhalang Dkhar vice president. PS Phawa Incharge Western Region, RB Biam Education (WR), Pynbaitlang S Passah Sports Secretary, Smt Nida Dkhar Gs Women's Wing and others.
“However, as it is now, it will be difficult for us to take a decision to reduce VAT because we are the lowest revenue collectors of all the states in the country and we have already lost up to crore this fiscal year"he added.
We cannot say that another major threat has emerged after the BJP-led government of India has introduced another discrimination against minorities, which allows mynder from the Christians, Jains, Hindus and other non-Muslims from Bangladesh, Afghanistan, Pakistan to become full citizens of India.
The purpose of signing the Indian border with Myanmar is part of the country's security, to curb the smuggling of drugs and the entry and exit of insurgents.
The scheme includes painting, cleaning, murals, planting tree saplings, seating in public places.
In 2012, the party had demanded from the EJH district authorities to conduct an independent inquiry, but nothing was done.
The office bearers of the UDP Mawkyrwat Circle are the office bearers of the UDP Mawkyrwat Circle, the office bearers of the Women's Wing and the office bearers of the UDP. as well as office bearers of the Youth Wing of the United Democratic Party (UDP).
The MDCs who have joined hands with the BJP are Lakhon Biam, Chairman JHADC, Dawan Lyngdoh, Krison Langstang and Treilang Suchiang. BJP Meghalaya State Unit President Shibun Lyngdoh, BJP MLA Alexander L Hek and Sanbor Shullai and other BJP office bearers. “In 2023, the BJP will form a government in the state and this is only the beginning and I know that there will be many others who want to join the BJP party and all of us. welcome.
Therefore, the union urges the Chief Minister to take action by providing security guards for these Pnars living in Block-1 and the union has made it clear that it will not allow them. They are allowed to do whatever they want against the Pnar people.
The items donated to the low income families on this day included clothes, juti, food items and others. Special equipment such as equipment for the construction of toilets for those households who do not have enough money.
When talking to the taxi drivers, they said that some of them said that they don't drive on Sundays, some of them said that they don't drive on Sundays. Some say that they have run out of petrol and when they want to fill up the pump, the pump is closed, some say that they have gone out to earn money. , but there are no people on the road, it is useless for them to run up and down to spend petrol without earning any money. Those who said that they needed to travel, the owners did not get the vehicle anymore.
On 1st November, 2023, Ride to Serve has submitted a letter to the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong to issue permits and pay taxes without contacting aggregators in the state.
The Seng also wished the children of various Seiñraijs in Jaintia Hills to continue to preserve their religion, customs and traditions. world
Saudi Arabian club Al Hilal and Major League Soccer side Inter Miami have been the two clubs that could become Messi's destination.
It was held that the violence of the state government on that day was a violation of Article 19 (1) (b) of the Constitution of India.
The Union urges the members of this youth organization to continue to stand firm in the fight against the evils that affect the youth, both men and women, and also to continue to work hard to unite and unite. encourage one another in all things that are mutually necessary.
He said that it has brought prosperity to the three ethnic groups for 50 years and its shaking could cause a huge loss to the three ethnic groups if the leaders do not foresee. this is it.
The Government has set a target to make all the villages in the State toilet-free villages within this year.
When the Synshar doesn't know A and B, how can it be said? When the Synshar doesn't know A and B, how can it be said?
According to the Rangbah Shnong of Umroi Labansaro, the victims were from Umroi Labansaro village, where Pyrthad tied them while they were working with their youths in a field. which is located in Umroi Square.
Another great man of West Khasi Hills was the youngest chief of the Nongstoin Hima, Wickliff Syiem.
Police have seized the vehicle belonging to Simon D. Sangma.
We cannot play with Mother Nature who has given us human beings the wealth through various resources.
“I don't listen to the allegations but because the allegations have affected my dignity, I can't refuse to appeal to the law,” said Bah HDR. The HSPDP is like a haram to the owner who has been treated well.
Confirming this, the President of the Khasi Jaintia Butchers Welfare Association (KJBWA), Bah Generous Warlarpih said, “We have discussed to consider the problems of the meat farmers, the increasing smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh, the affected us deeply".
In the complaint, the HYC urged the police department to take immediate action to arrest the suspect without delay, as the suspect has received sufficient evidence from the photographs of the suspect. u and also your Facebook Account link.
The Manipur unit of the Shiv Sena on the 1st of this month has suggested to the state government and the Central Government to end the suspension of operations with the groups. They are the Kuki people.
Shillong: Mawkynrang village, which is about 10 km from Nongkhlaw village in Mawthadraishan constituency, has been suffering for many years due to the poor condition of the road which has caused a lot of problems. Not only to the residents of this village but also to other neighboring villages who use this road.
Boycott everything Kashmiri.
Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you" (Luke 11:9).
I have learned that at 3.00 pm today our Chief Minister will meet with the Home Minister on this issue.
He said that the equipment worth Rs 25 lakh, which was requested by the Department of Cardiology, has never been used by the Department, even though many patients have died of the same disease in the country. time before.
Anyways! If that custom had been introduced, the MDCs would now have been elected only from those Kur longsyiem.
She was the first President of India to visit Tura.
The sohphlang is also dug in a hole and buried in the ground along with the manure of cow or pig dung and the dung of burning weeds, manure from the fields.
It also opens up the movement of people from one side to the other.
It is here that there are many people who take advantage especially those who are accustomed to stealing pla and through this news perhaps the people will have to be vigilant themselves to avoid any incident of theft.
These teachings point to cleanliness and honesty in governance, business, commerce and life.
o Covishield (manufactured by the Serum Institute of India Ltd) has been distributed to all States/UTs. o Covaxin (manufactured by Bharat Biotech International Ltd) has been distributed to 12 states.
Mawreng SC and Gorkha drew 0-0
This is the same with others.
The Seng is deeply saddened by the shooting of Kong Agnes and her follower in Tuber Sohshrieh East Jaintia but we demand that Kong Agnes and Emiki Kurbah should prove their allegation because it is not good to This is according to a statement from the President of the Sengbhalang, Samla Michal Chyrmang.
I also send my condolences to the people of Sohiong Constituency who have lost this great leader,” said Bah PT Sawkmie.
This action of the government is a violation of the rights of the citizens and the rulers.
Firstbornson Dkhar (35) and Mewan Phawa (21) were the two batsmen who scored the most runs.
“It is a meeting to ask for opinions, how they feel about this or that but to give tickets will be up to the party,” said Bah Bindo.
“The Citizenship Amendment Bill has not yet come but here the Bangladeshis have been allowed while our Khasi have not been allowed,” said Shylla.
"Yes," said the friend, "thank you to the Creator who gave us the strength to win," said Bah Shanbor.
Shillong, Naiwieng 1 : The Public Health Engineering (PHE) Department has set up a Task Force Committee (TFC) to monitor and analyze the water supply to all wells. house here in Shillong.
The owner of the land and resident of Moolamylliang, Damewanhii L Rymbai, has signed a deed of agreement with the CEO of the Jowai Municipal Board to use his land as a temporary garbage dump for one month.
The polling in Sikkim will be held on 19th June 2024 and the counting of votes will start at 6 pm on Sunday.
However, many of the people who passed by the area suspected that it was the beginning of the border crossing.
The match will be played at Nongthymmai Stadium, Shillong.
This is the foundation that our ancestors have laid for us the Khasi Khara.
They also took the initiative to try environmentally friendly methods in agriculture and daily life.
Babu W.Gasperly B.Marwein was appointed Camp Director.
During the journey of the reporter, it was seen that in parts of this road, there were signs 'Iaid Suki', which were placed by the Forest Department as elephant crossings to inform the passengers that the should be tipped and cautious.
The Sengbhalang has continued its three-day night blockade to protest against the government's decision to implement the ILP in the state.
All the time, the people from one side to the other were in ships and small boats.
“However, we will not ignore this problem.
This training program ranges from six months to one year.
“This bridge has been allocated T.4.5 crore by the World Bank,” said Renikton.
Jowai, Jymmang 2:The Lukha River in Jaintia Hills has turned red again for more than 10 months but this time, the fish have not been killed by the fish. the river has no more fish.
Jowai, June 09: The 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy of the 3rd Division Football Tournament 2022 was held today. 10th June 2013 at Kiang Nangbha Stadium, Jowai.
Nongpoh, Nailar 30: The All Ri Bhoi District Government Contractors and Suppliers Association (ARBDGRCSA) today after a meeting held at Umsning has issued a demand to the state government to ensure that the Contractors from Ri Bhoi District should be allowed to complete the project.
Jeremiah25:11.
However, if it is brutal or not, it makes the soul of the rawon more and more angry that as soon as he has time he will throw the goat into the river in order to get back to his own soul what has already happened.
He admitted that if the UDP gets to lead the executive committee in JHADC and KHADC, it will implement these but it will inform the House even if it sits in the opposition.
Meanwhile, Ma Thombor Shiwat said that although he is the leader and CEM of Jaintia Hills, he came to Shella Constituency to campaign because he respects Dr Donkupar Roy. He urged the people to allow Dr Donkupar's son Balajiedkupar Synrem to lead Shella.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Arminder Wahlang, said that many residents of the area have complained to the union about the deterioration of the road. There are many parts of the road, which are very bad and difficult to drive.
These 25 ambulances were purchased by the State Government from the Uttar Pradesh Government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: A girl who was studying in Class VI at a school in Laitumkhrah has committed suicide by hanging herself.
:After receiving a complaint from the people, the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front Patharkhmah Circle on 19th July 2024, inspected the road from Patharkhmah to Umpyrtha and Warmawsaw (9 KM) which has been completed. under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana Scheme with an investment of up to T.4.66 crore.
Of these species found worldwide, there are four species now grown in India: two from the New World and two from the Old World.
I don't know what to think about it.
Rohit Panday top scored with 30 runs, while Namewanki Pakyntein took five wickets and Redolent Shadap took two wickets.
“So the sum of thy word is truth” Psalm 119:1
The new ATM is located near the PWD (Roads) office and adjacent to Rani Motor. It is the 21st branch of HDFC Bank in Meghalaya.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 13: The load shedding of MeECL from 8 to 10 pm in some parts of Ri Bhoi District, has caused many protests. These are still busy hours, especially for the students who are in the middle of preparing for the final examination.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) in Jaintia Hills has held a flag raising ceremony across the district headquarters of the state to protest against the shooting by the Assam Police and the Assam Forest Department which has killed 5 Pnars and 1 other. Forest Guard of Assam who was arrested in Mukroh on Tuesday.
“Furthermore, he said that the Covid-19 pandemic reminds us that health is the basis of the decisions they take.
This victory was the fulfillment of her father's dream and aspiration.
Rangdajied struggled to score many goals as they understood that the teams that will come to the top are through goal difference, but the team missed two golden opportunities through penalties.
The arrested include Javed, Shahrukh and Ud Bhaval, while Rahil and Sunny Chauhan are still at large, police said.
The conveners were elected on this day and on the 24th of this month they will elect the full office bearers of the HFU. unite the farmers and it will be easy to discuss any problems faced by the farmers in the state.
The project was constructed in collaboration with Patel Engineering Ltd, Mumbai.
Youths from all over the Elaka have also come to this place for this purpose.
The tunnels also reportedly reach the areas where Hamas fired its rockets on Saturday.
This year, there are 55,189 thousand candidates for Matriculation or SSLC, 28,072 candidates for HSSLC, 28,072 candidates for Arts, Science, 3812, Commerce 2400 and a total of 34,335 candidates for HSSLC. , to think carefully about the examination by forgetting about other distractions like mobile phones and other gadgets, because this is a very important time for their future,” he said.
According to the Symbud Lamphang, in fact, Danggo had planned to come at 5 pm today to submit his resignation letter, but the Symbud Lamphang said that he would resign next month. It was different when it was reported that he had resigned last night.
When there are many candidates, the people forget who promised how.
He said that he had spoken by telephone with the employees of the state bank in Pomshutia and they too said that there is a real problem in the working methods because the machines are the same. mess up and they have to report it to the higher ups.
The NHRCI demands that the Meghalaya government should immediately implement the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) within the next few days, otherwise the NHRCI will appeal to the Supreme Court and the NHRC New Delhi. bah Instead.
In the GS Circle, the villages are Lyngngai, Myllat, Tyngkei, Nongkhlieng, Urksew Wahpathaw, Lait Sohphie, Dewsaw Pathaw, Trangthylliang and Mawsiangnongshken.
Two years later he became a judge at Pynursla, Shillong. From 1999 to 2003 he studied Theology at Oriental Theological College, Shillong.
Ransom said that if he comes to power, he will introduce a Land Bank Policy.
He said that at 2 pm, the nurses arrived and found that she had given birth.
I am also ready to support for the needs to improve the construction as you have conveyed through the MLA so that you can provide training not only to the residents of Umlyngka but to the state as a whole,” he said. state.
With an allocation of T1,451.84 crore for the fiscal year 2023-24 to fiscal year 2025-26, this investment will include research gap funding of T 360 crore, which will further strengthen the the development of organic fertilizers in India.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, has been dismissed today.
Since 1st June 2021, there has been a rapid increase in the number of deaths in East Khasi Hills district, with 2,098 deaths and 59 deaths in 11 days. There were 191 cases and 5 deaths per day.
On the other hand, the KSU expresses its anger over the attempt of these mynder to violate the rights of the Constitution of Hynniewtrep which are not the rules of the KHADC. It is clear that they don't care about the indigenous people as happened on 28th June 2020, when they raped the life of a Khasi elder in Ichamati at a public meeting against the Citizenship (Amendment) Act. 2019 bad to apply for Inner Line Permit.
How do the Dorbar Shnongs, Rangbah Shnongs, Seng Bhalangs in the villages feel about these things? If there are villages that close, will they be arrested?
The concert was very quiet even in the middle of the rain but the collapse of the sound equipment also caused thousands of people to flee in the middle of the concert.
She said why the government cannot regulate the price of school fees.
Speaking to media after the filing of nomination papers, Bah Rocky Hek, who is a relative of Bah AL Hek, said that the people themselves will judge because as the owner of Pynthorumkhrah, the works are not done. An MLA for 25 years and an MDC for 5 years, but he, in just four months, has been able to do it by providing assistance to the Dorbar Shnongs, through the assistance of the Prime Minister and the Symbud. Prime Minister.
Iaraplang Nongrum, a player of Laikor Rngi SC, has been selected to join the Bhaichung Football Training Centre. Bhutia Football Schools' ha Nashik, Maharashtra.
East Jaintia Hills Police today arrested four of his employees from a coal mine at Umthe in Sutnga area.
According to a video circulated by the Murcia Fire Brigade, members of the fire brigade were seen fighting hard to extinguish the fire inside the club.
Our target is 4.5 lakh farm households.
In the past six days, East Jaintia Hills Police, conducting a raid at Rattacherra Check Point, have arrested 17 foreigners who have smuggled into India to hide as football players.
He said that the police have decided to take action with the thought that they will be able to thwart the attempt to detonate an IED once again in Shillong. They went to arrest the suspects without any intention of harming anyone.
Parvin was lucky in this match as her coach was standing behind her and as soon as she saw the fall she was caught and later her teammates came running.
Many Rangbah Shnongs and Rangbah Dong attended the meeting, including three Rangbah Shnongs, Dr. Kharshiing, Bah WJ Nongrum and Bah P. Kharmudai who conducted the meeting.
Man is good and pure and pure in thought but man remains man.
The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government on Tuesday appointed four Congress MLAs as Chairman of various departments. State Government.
They still need doctors, nurses, various staff and hospital equipment and so on.
Today we must stand up to eradicate “Kyiad” to save people.
Both the teams had chances especially Sohryngkham who were faster to take the ball but could not score and the match ended in a draw without anyone scoring.
Bah P Dkhar, former Rangbahshnong of Nongrah, has warned the buyers that this nan is the property of the people and the residents will not be allowed to sell it at all.
In a statement sent by PS Lyngdoh, President of Seng Samla Hima Langrin, South West Khasi Hills District, he said that the group has already spoken clearly that it does not have the support of the Syiem. The group will not allow the Langrin Hima to be turned into private land and to create two authorities within the Khasi Hima is illegal.
After that, it will close down the police station, the statement said.
The administration of justice shall be administered and implemented in accordance with the Constitution and all departments, authorities, religious and ethnic groups shall fall under the Constitution.
The KSU urged the law enforcement authorities to take action to track down the bloodthirsty people involved in this murder and punish them severely.
The mother of the child is under 18 years old and lives in a house in Mawpat, while the father of the child is from Rymbai village who came to work. in Mawpath.
We know that the VPP is still listening to the roster as it is considering reviewing the Reservation Policy.
Shella MLA Dr. Donkupar Roy today came to file his nomination papers as the UDP candidate from Shella constituency. “We are in the opposition, we have tried many tricks to show where the government is short, there are many “There are many shortcomings in the state,” said Dr. Don, adding that his goal now is to ensure that the UDP and HSPDP come to power.
He said that the Forest Department, when they have issued the rules according to the law, they cannot ban, but to prevent any problems related to the forest. Therefore, the Government of India has set rules that if they want to use a large amount of land, they must hold a public hearing through this rule. express your feelings there.
Furthermore, the Central Government has said that since ancient times, the laws and regulations have recognized only heterosexual marriage.
The Kñi in the Kur household means in his clan, he is U Rang Khat-Ar Bor, and in the Khun household it means the family and the Father has his children. iai, who provides for the needs of the household.
He said that the party is concerned to see the ease of entry of foreigners into the state, where they can enter and work in different places, even if they do not have the rights. This has expressed concern over the checking of the entry and exit of foreigners.
These three candidates include the resigned CEM Thombor Shiwat and the other two candidates Joinwell Pyrtuh and Badon Rymbai.
The government has imposed a curfew in which the people cannot leave their homes.
The allocation for these projects has reached Rs 2825.48 crore.
This is very evil and detestable to human beings in society even before God.
The Council has also decided to set up a Village and Town Administration Department to oversee the implementation of the Building Bye Law which will assist in the development and improvement of the budget of the Council through the approval of the Council. the building services sector and allied sectors.
To create the mechanisms to introduce laws to protect our minority by forcing the Government to accept the ILP and to urge to stop the forcing to build a railway in Khasi Jaintia. “I have not yet received the ILP,” said the statement.
At the same time, it was said that while the rescue agencies are struggling to find the victims, the relatives of those who are still missing have no hope of reuniting with their loved ones. The days have passed and it has exceeded the 72 hours stipulated, in which scientists and doctors have set a time for the rescue of those who are still alive inside the body. hours if they can be removed and taken to a hospital.
Second Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong today said that a doctor of Bethany Hospital has tested positive for the corona virus and has been taken to NEIGRIHMS for treatment. to receive treatment.
“It is a sad incident that this heritage building, which serves more than 300 lawyers, has been destroyed by fire,” she said.
Pakistan has reported more than 12,000 confirmed cases of the virus, with the highest number of cases in parts of Punjab.
He said that KHNAM accepts the statement of the President of the National People's Party (NPP) Conrad K Sangma who said on 7th July 2023, that the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) is something that is not “Now that the NPP and Conrad Sangma have returned to power in the state, we will see whether he will continue to oppose or whether his speeches are just election propaganda,” said the statement. .
This has also caused fear and discouragement especially to the shopkeepers and shopkeepers.
For this cause He came into the world to give life to the world.
The match on the 30th June will be between Sawmer SC and Nongthymmai SC at 3:15 pm.
The inspection of foreigners and those who intended to enter the state started yesterday and in the last two days, thousands of foreigners have been inspected. those who were foreigners, who came from different places, were turned away.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The President of the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) Youth Wing, Bah Sandondor Ryntathiang today, together with other district unit leaders, they have announced that they have left the party.
She said that most of the problems are caused by the lack of cooperation between parents and children.
When asked, these elders will tell you the terrible consequences of the betrayal they have suffered because of the theft.
She had only two brothers and one was a man who had gone home.
The work they do has encouraged the people to join the group, to become united and has greatly improved the income and lifestyle of the people.
I want to know the history of the kings of the forest, and I want exactly the stories, from the countryside if possible, how David Scott escaped from the hands of the kings, the stories that are not in the books. Please send me the story of the journey of the kingdom of Nongkhlaw, and all the kingdoms if you can, because I want to compose a song.
Hazra is reportedly undergoing treatment at a hospital in Kolkata.
Cameroon fans were disappointed when Serbia scored three goals but Vincent Aboubakar scored another goal in the 62nd minute. Eric Maxim scored 1 goal through Choupo-Moting.
Over the past five years, we’ve grown from a few hundred start-ups to 70,000 today.
So far, the JHADC and KHADC have informed that they have already met the requirements for the division of constituencies according to the directive of the Governor.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing to track down others involved in the robbery of ATMs across Shillong.
“Many of them came to join the NPP before the Congress ship sank and we expect that many more Congress workers will join the NPP in the coming days. According to him, there are two current Congress MDCs along with hundreds of workers from across the state who have left the party and joined the party. Mupliang Cricket Club beat Phramer Cricket Club by 20 runs in the District Cricket League 2024 to be held at the Khliehtyrshi Mini Stadium on 4th June.
The rainy season is the time when the sun sets early, especially in November and July.
The most important issues that should help children with disabilities are sports opportunities such as Olympic Games, employment, education and opportunities for them to decide. you're your spirit.
Besides, the district has also appointed some of the leaders who have the skills to lead as prime ministers, including those who have won and those who have not won MLAs in this case. .
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar informed about the development works that have been brought into the constituency ranging from the improvement of roads, highways which have been completed, how many are still under construction and so on. as well as the world class stadium at Wahiajer which costs less than Rs 40 crore, which will be opened in October 2023 and others which have reached Rs 500 crore. exceed.
Three suspended Congress MLAs including Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Mahendro Rapsang and Kimfa S. Marbaniang have resigned from the post of MLA and joined the party. Although the NPP has won seven MLAs to contest the upcoming Assembly elections, three MLAs have left the NPP. Marak and Ferline CA Sangma resigned from the post of MLA and joined the BJP, while SG Esmatur Mominin left the NPP and joined the Trinamool Congress on Friday.
“On the date of polio vaccination, it will be in the villages while on the 5th and 6th there will be a home visit for those who cannot be vaccinated on the 4th”.
Speaking to reporters, Donbok said the party will set a deadline of 24th November to convene a special dorbar for the casino and if the Lamphang does not convene the dorbar; HITO will hold a Jakor Drama for the state, but the Cherry Blossom Festival will be held.
The Seng Khasi Mylliem has announced that the Shad Suk Mynsiem of the Seng Khasi Mylliem will be held on the 23rd-24th October
There was another debate until the Speaker of the House, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, ended the questioning on this issue.
The song is composed and produced by Aisha Suchiang, while the song is sung and arranged by Ram Suchiang and composed by Aisha Suchiang & Daphihi Suchiang.
We also demand that the KHADC should immediately issue the NOC for the construction of the Nongstoin-Rangblang-Umdohlun-Phlangdiloin-Ranikor road and for others.
The meeting was conducted by the DC of West Jaintia Hills, Garod LNS Dykes in the presence of the SP of West Jaintia Hills, Bikram D Marak in the presence of other magistrates and DTO. They expressed their opposition to the implementation of FASTag and the fines imposed by the Toll Plaza especially for commercial vehicles.
Two of the seven persons who escaped from the bomb blast are Ramesh Dkhar of Mihmyntdu village and Rikmenlang Lamare of Mihmyntdu village. Barato and the whereabouts of these two persons are still unknown and police are conducting a thorough search operation to arrest them, he said.
Shillong, March 7: The GNLA leader, who holds the second rank after the GNLA chief Sohan D Shira, today surrendered to the police.
Shillong: About 832 health workers have been injected with the Covid-19 vaccine at various hospitals in the state on Saturday. 100 cases from NEIGRIHMS, 24 cases from Mawphlang CHC, 60 cases from Resubelpara CHC, 100 cases from Jowai, 101 cases from Ampati CHC, 49 cases from Sutnga CHC, 100 cases from Nongstoin CHC and 100 cases from Holy Cross. Hospital 98 patients William Nagar Civil Hospital 100 patients.
This book was written by Pro.
“We request from time to time that the department will come and do the tests so that we too can sell with confidence and we can sell clean fish without any harm to the environment. health of any fish eater,” said Bah Wankhar.
He said that the IAS officers know only the prices of the mur in the court but they don't know anything else.
As a welcome, they arranged to go to work a week after the invitation.
The Director of SIRD, Bah E Kharmalki, will be appointed as the new CEO of SMB. Kharmalki has been appointed as the Secretary of the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA).
On the same day, the Narpuh Border Area Circle has honored the youth of the kur who have passed well in various fields of study.
Leaders of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) continued to explain the party's principles and goals for the state, and on Friday a meeting was held at Ri Mulliang.
He said that the ban on smuggling into the state is not only from the state government but also from the village authorities and the setting up of an entry point at Umling. The purpose is to check the number of people entering European wards, Cantonment areas or Sixth Schedule areas so that they can register themselves and the government can take care of them. I don't want to live in peace.
Shillong, Nailur 8: To train the youth to start their own businesses especially those who face difficulties in continuing their education, the Kynshithem Christian Youth Society (KCYS) on Monday held a public awareness meeting at Kynshi village. .
Shillong, July 03: The Joint Action Committee of the Nongsangriang Kur has decided to collect the parking fees of tourists to Nongkhnum Village and not to allow anyone to charge them. They are the ones who have been alone for all these years.
In these days, there have been allegations that I have been bought by the NPP for billions of rupees, because they are afraid that the Congress will work harder and stronger and the party will be stronger to reach the goal of victory".
Shillong, Nailur 9 : The Government will seek answers from all engineers, contractors, designers and PMCs on the collapse of the Dome at the new Assembly Hall in Mawdiangdiang. (IITG) The reason for the failure is the lack of cooperation between them.
In the Jaintia Hills, there is a systematic effort to fight against this custom and in the Garo Hills as a whole, there is no need to convert and only the children inherited from the Kharlieh Khariong are able to convert to the aijait kpa. and in the end it is she who wants to give birth to a man.
Regarding the meeting with the Minister, Bah Rayonald Kharkamni, said that the reason why the NTC has put forward this demand is after they have seen the urgent need in Ri Bhoi to have use this device to recycle the waste materials.
Two VPP MLA candidates, Avner Medon Pariat from East Shillong and Shanlang Warjri from Mairang, have been expelled from the party recently. they fought against the enemy.
In Shillong, near many government offices, the arrival of employees has been as usual, except for the highways which have been busier as there are no commercial vehicles but only private vehicles. they walk up and down.
Khliehriat, July 12 : The Rangbah Shnong of Huroi, Bah Golden Marbaniang, in a statement, has clarified the news issued by the Suchen Kur Dorbar, which said that there will be a Suchen Kur Dorbar. on 20/01/2024 at Umpyrshin Village, the Waheh Shnong Huroi said that the Dorbar Kur Suchen will continue on that day, but in relation to the announcement of their names. The location of Umpyrshin is wrong, because Umpyrshin is only a kyntoit or dong which still falls under Huroi.
They have finished the work of Niamtre, Those who are still strong and strong, Ïeiwa has been destroyed.
Shillong: U Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik, today tested negative for the coronavirus, said the Raj Bhavan, Shillong, in a statement.
In a letter sent on Tuesday, Dr. J Meetei confirmed that the pig farms in the areas near the pig farms have been affected by the disease.
This is so for those who believe in Him.This has actually happened in the history of the world, not fictionally.
The machine was built by UK Ganapathi Bhat, a 60-year-old farmer, who built it in the shape of a motorcycle and is easy to climb and descend. and you are a tree.
“Oh, it's okay mother” replied the son. “If you're working, you have to inform Bah Bok and he hasn't given you the phone number,” said the mother. While they were sitting together, the mother and son talked about these things.
In the final match, Nonglatem beat Mookyrdup 2-0
The presence of the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary and the presence of animals in the forest will attract tourists and especially animal lovers to visit the area which can increase income by elsewhere.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) today expressed its surprise when it saw a letter and form sent in the name of the Rural Public. Service Organisation) which has been sent to many villages in the Jaintia Hills especially in the rural areas, where it has invited and invited unemployed youths who have learned, five, from each village. to register through the form sent with the letter and also by submitting a Demand Draft in the amount of T.750 tyngka in the name of Penther Sales Delhi.
" Unquote The report has been sent to the Governor through the Deputy Commissioner without delay, but for the Governor to suspend the preparations for the appointment of the CEM because the Council has completed it. the room.
The paid performance of the candidates was due to their enthusiasm for the stronger candidates especially the Sitting MLAs. Class-X students who have to take the Pre-Board examination to prepare for the SSLC examination this year.
“Out of the 12 districts in Meghalaya, drugs are trafficked in 8 districts including East Khasi Hills District, West Khasi Hills District, South West Khasi Hills District, South West Khasi Hills District, West Khasi Hills District, South West Khasi Hills District and 8 districts. RiBhoi District, West Garo Hills District and South Garo Hills District.
Not only that, she said that her father used to invite other friends to talk about household chores, but he allowed these others to dominate her.
He said that most of the members of the committee are the same and only a few new ones have been appointed in place of those MDCs who have lost.
When asked under sections 144CrPC, 133CrPC and 188 IPC, the DGP said they will be prosecuted under sections 144CrPC, 133CrPC and 188 IPC. He said that there is no pressure or pressure from the police to implement the Act, but it is an order that has come to the Police and they have implemented the Act since morning and will continue to do so. continue until another law is issued.
The complaint also alleges that there are two Public Relations Officers, a cleaner and a nurse, all four women, who work only at night at Raj Bhavan.
Upon receiving these letters, the All India Congress Committee (IACC) has lodged a complaint with the Chief Election Commissioner (AICC) and the complaints were signed by BK Hari Prasad, AICC General Secretary, Vijay Laxmi Sadhu, Secretary Incharge, Meghalaya and KC Mittal. After receiving the complaint, the Returning Officer has ordered the Officer Incharge of Tura Police Station to lodge an FIR to investigate the matter and punish those involved according to the law.
If the whiteness is severe and prolonged, it is best not to use or turn on electrical appliances such as mobile phones, wires, radios, televisions and other electrical appliances.
Shillong Commerce College Shillong beat JJM Nochols Roy College 2-0 in the second leg of the second leg. Shillong Commerce won 7-6 goals and St. Edmunds College Shillong beat Riwar College 3-1
KSU Ranikor President Marconi Thongni said, “I would like to ask the two Congress leaders Greman Nongsian who has been involved in politics for 20 years in Wahkaji and Kit Nongrem what they have done. Nongsian who is the leader of the Congress party has not done anything for the area even the road to the government. "Your village is also very rich," said Marconi.
Speaking on the occasion, he said he could not say whether he supported or opposed the UCC, as he had not seen the writing or draft of it but all that was said was mere speculation.
“How can we get enough seeds to feed our families for this year and in the coming years because these lands have been destroyed and only the rice fields are left? They don't have the power to do anything to their farmland,” said the farmers of Manad.
He also expressed his regret and disagreement with the teacher's statement on the manner of her death, saying, “This is unacceptable because after drinking bih she will not have the strength to sdien herself.
But I have never been sad in front of him.
Referring to the situation in Ri Bhoi, Giri Prasad, Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi, said that although peace and order has started to return to Ri Bhoi, the police have not been able to They didn't sting at all, but they had to walk on guard whether it was day or night.
Shillong, Naitung 27: Owners of commercial taxis or auto rickshaws in East Khasi Hills District will receive stickers from 2nd to 30th November 2016 from the office of the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District. , Shillong.
The wholesaler centers will be set up in Khliehriat (6), Sutnga (2), Rymbai (1), Lumshnong (2) and Umkiang (2).
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The office bearers and members of the 18th West Shillong Block Congress Committee together with the parents of the Bishop Falls Unit, members of the Quallapatty, Lama Villa, Sngithiang and Lumkshaid Units under the leadership of Bah Andrewnel War, General Secretary, 18th Shillong Block Congress Committee and Executive Member of the Shillong City Congress Committee, held a meeting on 11th June 2014 at Mawprem. They unanimously decided to withdraw their membership from the Block Congress Committee of 18-West Shillong.
The HSA, the only and oldest organization of the Hmar community, has clarified in a speech by VHP leader Milind Parande, who admitted that large places of worship have been destroyed in Tipaimukh. His statement was published in several media outlets, but the HSA denied it and said it was an unfounded rumor and false allegation.
Richard Pohlong President of the Foreign Trade Chamber of Commerce Meghalaya (FTCCM) has praised the FCCM for its ability to run and open an export market to Bangladesh despite many Waheh Shnongs and organizations opposing the opening of the market due to the COVID-19 pandemic. - 19.
Langsning's three goals were scored by B Lyngdoh 7', K Lhuid 48' and K Khongmalai 86' while Laban's three goals were scored by A Krose 34' and B Kharkongor 57' and S.Lepcha 82′.
The Word of God says again – “After 62 weeks the anointed one will be cut off (which means that Jesus Christ is no longer here on Earth).
“There is a great dissatisfaction among the people about what NGT is doing especially to those who live in the coal mining industry,” said Bah Lapang in a statement.
The father and son of the SSPTS vehicle were injured in the incident.
Preparations for the construction of these two medical colleges in the state are in progress and for the Shillong Medical College, the government has already signed a MoU (Memorandum of Understanding) with KPF. can manage.
Change comes if the people are the change.
At the end of the tournament, Bah Rocky A Marwein, MDC candidate from Umsning was the chief guest, along with other dignitaries, including Bah Balumlang Lyngdoh, President of Umsning. USS&CC, Bah R.Kharkrang, Chairman Umsaitsning Town Durbar and other officials of the area.
The JAC Wapung C&RD Block will not take any action in this regard, but will continue to monitor this until the matter is resolved and the office will be restored. The temporary office of the Wapung C&RD Block will be located at Wapungskur, the place where the full office of the block will be located as announced by the Government.
Other sources said that until now, no one has been able to rescue the 13 people who were inside the coal mine in Ksan and who were drowned in the crematorium.
The PMGKAY-Antyodaya Anna Yojna (AAY) will be distributed at the rate of 5 kg per head per month free of charge to the villagers.
In his speech, Bah Khranglin Lyngkhoi, Manager of the Kur Lyngkhoi, recalled the journey since the beginning of the construction of the Mawkyndeng ground. but all the children of thousands, youth, young children and especially young people who are talented in various sports.
Furthermore, many of the people know that according to the directives of the CM, one Sub Center should be only 5 kilometers away from another, PHCs should be 15 kilometers away from each other and CHCs should be 30 kilometers away from each other. from another.
The word of the brothers who worked together kept ringing in Peter's ear drums.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 20: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi District today expressed its concern about the implementation of the MNREGA scheme in different villages in Ri-Bhoi District. The government has closed down all quarries and quarries.
Referring to the shortage of staff faced by the blocks, the MDC urged the Minister to appoint staff in those vacant posts such as gramsevaks and other posts and also to provide for the needs. in all the blocks including the offices of Assistant Engineers, Agriculture Officers and others.
The Seng also urges the Government to issue more identities instead of Aadhar so that it will make it easier for the people as many people have not yet accepted Adhar.
The management of the hospital said that the treatment of OPD patients will be closed while the treatment of patients who are already inside the hospital will continue.
The President of KAS said that until now the official language in the state is English and for this reason they want the government to take action on this issue.
Ahmed Hasanuzzaman Choudhury of Silchar, Assam, was the only candidate to pass the Civil Service Examination with a rank of
He was the Prime Minister at the time of submitting the list and now through discussions, 21 villages out of the 23 villages have been submitted to Assam.
“Don't expect to be a smart village or smart people when only the road which is the backbone of development is not enough, people in the villages have to walk about 2 or 3 kilometers to get water,” he said.
“Because it is under his (Prime Minister's) leadership that we have seen a better Meghalaya.
There is something behind the visit of Bah Pynshngain as Conrad has defeated the Congress candidate Mukul Sangma.
“I have personally taken care of this matter with MeECL and I promise that the compensation will be given to the families of the victim,” said the Minister in reply to a call attention notice by Mawlai MLA, Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang in the House.
This is a shocked experience and a serious matter.
The award was presented to Bah Hek by the Minister of State for Social Justice, Ramdas Athawale at a ceremony held at the NDMC Auditorium, Jantar Man, New Delhi.
BJYM General Secretary Evarist Myrching, BJYM President Mewaker Lyngdoh, BJYM General Secretary Joydeep Ghosh and BJP Ri Bhoi District President Evarist Myrching were also present at the tournament. Sen Thabah, President of Ri Bhoi District Kissan Morcha, Bah Munim Raja, Presidents of other Mandals from the district and members of the Mahila Morcha.
Sohra is also a popular tourist destination and this project will help in curbing the spread of garbage.
Recently, former Lok Sabha Speaker Kariya Munda said, “Tribals or indigenous people who have converted to Islam and Christianity no longer have the right to benefit from the employment scheme. separate the owners of the land.
The players invited to the program are 200 who have been selected as the best out of 4500 who have already participated in the previous programs at District Level.
So far, 2,147 people have been infected with the disease and 1,960 have recovered.
Israel on Sunday said Hamas militants were holding and hiding all the hostages in the city of Rafah in the western Gaza Strip, which is also the area where the Israeli Prime Minister. Benjamin Netanyahu has planned to launch a massive offensive against Hamas, which has failed to release its hostages since the beginning of the war until now just because Israel has not. agree to release those Palestinians whom Israel has arrested and detained in the past.
“It is necessary to provide adequate training to the youth in education and employment so that they can escape from misguidance,” he said.
The Embroidery Training started from 6th November to 15th March
In the fourth verse (dk.4), the poet remembers his visit to the village once after he had been away from his village for many years.
One of the main parts of this workshop was the introduction of Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) in the curriculum.
“And Ahab told Jezebel all that Elijah had done, and withal how he had slain all the prophets with the sword” Exodus 18:20-4
He said that the issues of the traders were also discussed and the JAC will send them to the Council to hand over to the KHADC to look into the issues of the traders.
Meanwhile, Bah Sadon K Blah of the HNYF said that the Minister of Home Affairs has been informed that he should immediately inform the Prime Minister to call for talks so that the HNYF can understand where they stand and how to act. connected with the railway.
God will take away the sins of Israel with that gift without repentance.
About five persons have been arrested on charges of involvement in human trafficking,” said the RPF chief. ', he said.
Three people have lost their lives in several incidents after a thunderstorm struck Vikarabad district of Telangana on Sunday, police said. .
Could this be a sign of good to come in this beloved country of ours, to see a good and righteous humanity once again?.
“However, the leaders of the Adhoc teachers have refused to accept this and I am surprised to see why these teachers have not accepted this and continue their strike,” he said.
The passing away of this man has been a great loss to the Seng Khasi as a whole.
There will also be choirs from various churches from the Presbyteries of the KJP Synod (East) and the BJP Synod (West).
His resignation letter, written in English; He sent it to Ma Vincent Pala, President of the Meghalaya Congress Committee.
He said the government stands firm that it will not allow uranium mining without the consent of the people.
“This can ensure that these jobs are available for those in Garo Hills – who do not have the skills.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) and the Western Youth Federation (WYF) of West Khasi Hills District have closed down shops in Shallang Market and inspected illegal coal mining factories. There are about 10 factories in Shallang area where foreigners are working in these factories.
Police have conducted a thorough investigation into the incident and sent the child for medical examination. According to the medical report, it was found that the 14-year-old child was raped. marriage forcibly.
Here in our state in the last election we lost even a candidate because of the power and work of money, people don't even dare to take their own lives.
Ms Pala taught the villagers to eat healthy foods to have a healthy body.
When we look at the teachings of the Christian congregation, based on God's Word, the Bible, we find that it teaches us to walk in holiness.
“We have sent only two constituencies because there are only two constituencies, one from Shillong and one from Tura,” he said.
He said that only the TMC in the state can defeat the prime minister, where the party demands accountability to the government while exposing the corruption under the rule of the prime minister. an.
Through this incident, it is now clear that the preparations are complete and all that remains is to attack and this is the same for the Ukrainian troops, that there should be no the fighting against one another, when the war breaks out.
It was informed that since its inception, there have been only three branches and now it has grown to about 40 branches of the Seng Kur Warjri.
Nongpoh: In these days of lockdown in the country, it has been seen that the health officials, the District authorities and especially the Police of Ri Bhoi, They have worked very hard and have lost sleep without sleep, in order to patrol many places entering the state.
However, until now, the office has not been able to improve its working methods in many areas.
Team shops are allowed to open on Mondays, Tuesdays and Thursdays.
He said that there will be no more blockade in Shillong and the people will reach their destinations on time.
The Iranian drone strike lasted for about five hours, the US military said.
The Mawlaw:2018-Social Service Organization (M:18-2018) will take a decision whether to contest as an independent candidate or from any political party on the 5th of July.
but why hast thou done all these things? Because of the vision he had for the LONGDIEN that along with the Shalyntem movement, the times for them to stand firm on their own foundations as they (the Longshuwa Manshuwa) lived before, not to be deceived and be led astray by other ways of life.
Meghalaya lost the toss and elected to bat first after losing the toss and elected to bat first. over for the loss of three wickets.
AA was founded in 1935 by two Americans Bill W and Dr Bob S and has spread around the world.
“We hope that by doing this, we will be able to improve the traffic jam and also to help the pedestrians,” said Bah Kharkrang and added that this will be done in other parts of the city. also like Barik Point.
There are 4800 teachers who have passed the examination in 2013-2014, according to the announcement made by the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) on 9th November.
“We accept the report of the director of DSEL sent to the government and we will wait for the government to take the necessary action,” said Bah Nongsiang. do not succeed.
Police have registered a case under Section 302/201/34 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
Image Credit: Lakewoods Nongmahir.
“We will wait until the 8th of March for the hearing and if the NGT continues to ban, on the 9th of March we should go out and do as usual without listening to the NGT. ", said Bah Thubru from Jaintia Hills.
The voters knew that if the North Eastern states were under the rule of the local parties, the central government would not be willing but because some of them voted for the national parties, it made them take advantage of the He said that the UDP, which has no MPs this time, has nothing to do with the NDA, as the NDA is a group of MPs or a Parliamentary Alliance.
According to the Indian Public Health System (IPHS), Nagaland has been facing problems due to the shortage of nurses despite the fact that the state has many hospitals. health centre.
“The beginning was good but the end was not as pleasant as we can see,” said Bah PT Sawkmie.
“What is needed is that they should find out the cause of the incident and just because there was an accident we will change the minister which is wrong,” he said.
“Today we came to Umtyrnga village on the Assam border to inspect and find crushers without proper documents. stone is moving quickly in these areas," he said.
The Revenue Department has raided these foreign companies after they evaded paying taxes by investing in these foreign companies.
The source also said that the coal traders have now carried too much coal using various methods.
In our tribal states like Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland and the Manipur Hills and tribal settlements in Tripura and Assam, many They oppose the UCC because they say it will affect their customs and traditions.
Meanwhile, the President of Informed, Conscious and Responsible Existence (ICARE), Toki Blah said that the government's Bill is doubtful because it does not include anything in the illegal entry of mynder and the infiltration of their illegal rung.
This is the party which has been recognized as a national party, where other parties do not exist and this is the hope of the people that it will be our voice”.
The number of cases of coronavirus in the country has risen to 53,021 with 296 deaths.
It is to be recalled that these youths have participated in the Covid 19 Emergency Relief Fund and Food Distribution during the outbreak of Corona, District Youth Convention, Fit India Freedom Run, Training on Youth Wellness and Fit India and other activities.
We have not seen and known the plans of the Garoland State Movement Committee (GSMC) and we have not seen the documents and documents they are preparing to get the state they want.
We would like to thank our family members who were with us during that time of ignorance and we pray that God will bless you all,” he said. the two.
Panagarh West Bengal, Ramagundam-Telangana, Gorakhpur-UP, Sindri-Jharkhand and Barauni-Bihar since 2018 has helped the country to become self-sufficient in terms of urea production and supply.
He was later named Belgium Coach of the Year 2023 after serving for the Belgian club which won the Belgian League.
He said the reason for this is due to the outbreak of COVID-19 and therefore, other organizations have been able to take advantage of the schemes of the Central Government.
On the occasion of the International Day of Persons with Disabilities, the school also honored 40 students who passed the SSLC examination in
"But, Holy Father," said the young man, "I am a Protestant!" "That makes no difference", laughed Pope.
We don't have to vote after we have been bought, many of us say I will vote for the one who pays the school fees, some say I will vote for the one who helps me build a house, some say I will vote who helps pay for hospital fees and so on.
In Mawthadraishan, the people came out to the station to hold a sit in demonstration and also held a meeting to explain the need to revise the job allocation policy.
However, this year, only four to five Mahindras are standing on the road every day to produce biscuits.
The deaths included 4,506 children.
The former government, MUA I and MUA II under the leadership of the Congress, has already decided to reject the ILP completely and there is no need to talk about the ILP anymore. MRSSA and this was also approved by the Seng Bhalang at that time.
These words are a reminder of the rights of citizens as enshrined in the Constitution as the right to choose and self-government (sovereignty), regardless of whether citizens belong to any religion ( secular , socialist , democratic republic , justice , liberty , equal access to equality and understanding within the fraternity.
Others who lost their priests were Parma, Cremona, Milan, Lodi, Brescia, Casale Monferrato, Tortona, Trento, Bolzano, Salerno, Ariano Irpino, Nuoro and Pesaro.
He also asked whether it is right to attack only the villagers to say that they don't know anything about this action of the electricity department. We know that in Shillong there are many political parties who are strongly opposed to this, but this does not reach the villages!! “The Sengbhalang will help us in these issues so that there will be no discrimination between the rural and urban areas,” said the statement.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sanbor said that this day will be a memorable day and a great blessing to the people of both the villages because this time they have received the dream they had expected. for many many years.
Earlier, media reports said that till 10 pm on Saturday, there are still two candidates who have applied for ticket from the party, Bah Nestander Nongdkhar and Dr. Adviser Pariong. , but before the deadline for applications, an application was received by Bah Gabriel Wahlang.
"If so, why is there a problem for the various government departments to fill these sanctioned posts immediately so that the unemployment rate of the youth can be addressed according to their ability and education?" .
To this day the Jews still worship on the walls of Jerusalem because they have no temple.
“The National Parties have their own way of looking at the whole country because they cannot discriminate against anyone.
The NPP has tried its best to influence the AITC MLAs and this behavior is not pleasant in politics.
The forest also contains the Hoolock Gibbon which is found at Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary in East Jaintia Hills.
He said that if we do according to the old customs of using trees, how much it affects the environment.
He was speaking at a meeting held at Umjari village by the RBYDSO on the awareness of the dangers of alcohol.
It may be recalled that Sohra is also known as the cleanest place in the world. The reputation of this village has not ended only in the rainfall but it is also known as one of the cleanest places in the world. place that can attract the most visitors from all over the world.
Income and economic growth come because of the thinking of the wise and intelligent rulers.
To be afraid when it has happened will be a shame.
There are 19 teams divided into four groups of five teams and one group of four teams.
These include EGH: 21, EJH: 14, EKH: 177, NGH: 13, RBD: 69, SGH: 18, SWGH: 10, SWKH: 20, WGH: 57, WJH: 33 and WKH:
This is not only for the Jews but also for the Gentiles if they believe and obey God.
Before the players of Jyntru Sports Club left Ri-Bhoi for the tournament, the leaders of the Ri-Bhoi District Sports Association (RBDSA) under the leadership of Bah RB Shadap as President and In the presence of Mawhati MLA Bah Charles Marngar and members of the RBDSA, they held a meeting at the RBDSA office to encourage and train the athletes before they take part. to this lympung.
The loss of the office has reached T.7 lakh, the house has lost T.5 lakh and the belongings inside the house have reached T.2 lakh.
“As the Dorbar Shnong, we would like to thank Kong Grace M Kharpuri not only for these items, but for her willingness from time to time to cooperate with the Shnong in many ways. ", said Bah T Marbaniang, Head of Village.
The Congress leader should not forget the words of the late Rajiv Gandhi that only 100 rupees from Delhi reach the states which the BJP has been able to control. “It's a good idea to fight corruption and to ensure that the rights of the people will reach 100 percent,” said Bah Pohshna.
Furthermore, the children and youth who have entered the final round of the tournament said that not only those who have the money to buy or sell the vote coupons have the hope of winning because if they don't do well in front of them. judge will have no advantage.
Orilan Shylla, Assistant General Secretary, in his speech, said that as the residents of the village from time to time, they have done many things in relation to the improvement and preservation of the beauty of the environment. The residents should take care of these trees so that they will be a blessing in the future because the presence of green trees helps a lot for the ventilation. clean to ring and breathe.
The Association has also decided to strongly condemn the attack on these two lawyers and assures that the Association will stand by them at such a time.
Mairang: Ka Revolution-Ïada la ka Ri, on Tuesday held its first public meeting, after launching it on the 6th of June this year.
The clashes in Manipur first occurred on 3rd June 2023 after the Tribal Solidarity March in the Rilum districts to protest against the demand for Scheduled Tribe (ST) status for the Meitei people. .
The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) has reached its third day of protest on Tuesday.
When asked how he feels about the UDP's proposal, Conrad said, “We will discuss it.
He said that in 2010, the State Government had banned the construction of these private parking bridges, but to allow various government departments to operate these parking bridges. should generate revenue for the government.
It will also be the first time that the Congress will elect the President of the AICC without MLAs. so that they can transform the Congress party which has become increasingly increasingly inefficient with the passage of time.
It is important to be aware of the need for calories for health and also among those who want to lose weight.
The four organizations have taken a decision and demanded that the government should immediately arrest and punish according to the rules of law and dismiss such a police officer who does not know the dignity of honour. .
Shillong on 29th March 2014 on the proposal to increase the salary of 4th teachers. the issue of 4th teachers according to letter no.
Food should be adequate and good to eat because what you eat passes through or feeds the baby inside the womb.
“They are the people who don't have the money,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ in the dorbar.
However, if you walk through this road it is better and helps to get there faster.
Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of the HYC, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, said that the HYC wants to inform the government that it should not implement the railway line while it has not been able to implement it. measures to prevent foreigners from entering the state.
Superintendent of Police (Traffic) K. Prasad said that during the two-day search, police have seized more than Rs 2 lakh from the fines. He also said that the Police Department will continue to search the motorcycles and wheelchairs every day.
IRCS has distributed food items at the Children's Home of KJPSM Wahiajer, Children's Home World Mission, Moodop and Orphanage Home of NEIMA Sahsniang on the 2nd and 3rd of this month.
of Meghalaya Social Welfare Department and others.
Nongpoh, November 30: U Bah Jason S Mawlong MLA Umsning today inaugurated the footpath of Sohkyndur village in Ri-Bhoi district with beautiful sculptures to make it easier for the people to travel along the National Highway.
Although former party leader LK Advani was not present at the meeting, which has led many to speculate that Advani does not agree with the party's views, BJP leader Rajnath Singh handed over the top post to Narendra Modi with the approval of the party's National Executive Committee.
Nongpoh: Mimi Lamare, mother of Mawhati MLA Dasakhiatbha Lamare, who lodged a complaint at Mawlasnai Police Outpost regarding the damage to her house in Mawlasnai, today explained to the public about the allegation. that she had lodged an Ejahar against the children in the village.
On this occasion, the Governor also distributed horlick food items to the widows as a sign of love.
As far as I know, he has introduced the modern style of building houses which are very similar to the clean English houses with gardens and grounds which he has been able to beautify and which should be praised even by the French rulers.
Because only in Israel, in Jerusalem, the UN stands ready to watch.
Speaking to media, the Chairman of the HBDRF, Bah C Sungoh, said that the reason for the threat to evict the Khasi Pnars is because the Khasi Pnars in this area are has refused to take part in the election of the Karbi Autonomous Council of Karbi Anglong, which was held on 8th July
He said that in Jorabat, no entry has been banned on the 4lane road, and it is no longer useful to call it 4lane, because only two vehicles have been allowed to pass, because it has been blocked by vehicles. no entry and illegal parking in that area.
In the meeting between the members of the union and the DC, it was learned that the foreigner has not informed the DC's office or especially the village leaders about his arrival or invasion of the village. This is part of the violation of the rules and regulations laid down by the government.
The deceased were identified as Rin Kharbithai (70) of Nongthymmai, Kyrdem, wife of Jesinta Malngian, 28, of Umeit. Jesinta is a poor mother with an 8 month old child.
Regarding the RP, Bah Lyngdoh said that even if it is increased to 70%, taxi drivers will not be able to get the Government, so regarding the RP, the discussion will have to be long.
She is the eldest daughter of Netro Manik Lyngkhoi of Mawpungeit and Tresila Lyngdoh Langrin.
Shillong, June 21: The State Government has decided to erect gigantic figures of the three heroes of the State at the ground floor of the Department of Arts & Culture at the State Central Library.
In the men's category, Tyllilang Basketball Academy vs Rangjanai and Oregon Grizzlys vs Touchline Basketball Academy.
Before showing his special talent, he said that he used to do this from time to time and he had never once been physically abused.
The MDC had to leave the House immediately after the Speaker of the House did not allow him to discuss the Zero Hour Notice which he had submitted on the dismissal of the Dolloi in the Executive Committee led by the Speaker of the House. the CEM of Thombor Shivat.
The aircraft was piloted by Group Captain Naveen Kumar, Commanding Officer of 106 Squadron.
After the Pre-Novitiate, 2013-2014, he was sent to the Novitiate, Sunnyside, Upper Shillong and took his first oath on 24th June
Earlier, the NBAJAC had expressed its strong opposition to the relocation of the Block from Lumshnong to Wapung.
Nongpoh, Lber 05: In an effort to bring about a clean environment in the village, the leaders of the Dorbar Shnong Mawroh, Nongpoh have received the money donated by Bah Mayralborn Syiem. MLA of Nongpoh to support the Dorbar Shnong in the purchase of a vehicle to transport the garbage from the village and to dispose of it at the designated places.
The truck number AS 01 JC 1301 collided with the shop when the driver of the truck suddenly shot and without thinking went to collide with the shop near the road.
When we see in the Assembly that he is against, he is still saying who is against, he is stupid, he is stupid, he is stupid, therefore don't believe, these people are only to stir up others. that shouted at Prah"
“There are 74 colleges recognized by NEHU while there are only 35 to 40 seats and even if only one student from one college applies, he will not be able to study at NEHU,” he said. said Mr. Auspicious.
The State Government has to ensure the peace and order in the State and will not allow anyone involved in illegal activities.
These markets include Iawmusiang, CNI Market (Iaw Chor), Seinraij Market in Iawmusiang, Jowai and Presbyterian Market in Chutwakhu. , Jowai.
You may ask why you have to demonetize again; Because the currency notes are written Reserve Bank of India, they should be written Reserve Bank of India, not.
“Through this, the Prime Minister said, the farmers of the country will be able to use modern technology such as drones at a low cost which will help them in the saving of time, medicines and that fertilizer.
The Chief Minister's Social Assistance Schemes which provides assistance of T.500/ to persons with disabilities will benefit those who deserve it.
Not only that, according to reports, there is also a water shortage from the dam.
On the other hand, the Secretary of the Village, Bah Generous Tariang, said that since the 12th, some people have threatened the Waheh Shnong and on the 13th, while they were about to leave for the village, about 20 people suddenly appeared and started attacking them. .
Although Bah Dkhar congratulated the police for seizing the vehicles because it will be a source of peace for the people, he said that this should not be done. no shiliang to anyone.
The Umiam Dam is one of the oldest dams in the country and has been selected by the Central Government for the DRIP project. .
This covenant is the beginning of a new creation and by this covenant they covenant to surrender themselves, not to other human or worldly powers, but to the power of Yahweh.
The top scorers in the U-18 men's category were Iaisynroplang Lyngkhoi of West Khasi Hills and Nisilia Majaw of East Khasi Hills.
Umthlong Village has been placed in Containment Zone on 17th June,
On the other hand, the elders who spoke on the occasion said that if necessary, the laws of the KHADC should be amended according to the passage of time, as it is very important to preserve the customs and traditions. Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem CEM of KHADC, u Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, CEM of KHADC, said that these issues have been raised by the Union. The Rangbah Shnongs are very necessary and promised to take care of them for the benefit of the people especially the strengthening of the KHADC office in Nongpoh so that the people do not have to go to Shillong but the staff will be increased. work here in Nongpoh and other districts.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Homer Kharkongor, President UDP Mawlai Circle and other members.
The satellite network carries up to 30 terabits of data per second and is currently preparing to be strengthened to 20 milliseconds.
Jowai: The Shadniam Behdeiñkhlam of the Seiñ Raij Tuber, which started on the 16th of November, will end tomorrow with the performance of the Rong (Rot) at Aitnar, Raij Tuber.
Therefore, it is very difficult to provide electricity according to the needs of the people.
The longevity of people depends on love and self-love.
Bhajan Lal Sharma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, was also present at the meeting.
He said that he was sent to another state for treatment.
However, as the journey was long and they did not have enough, they turned to the MLA, said Mainbor.
In Sub Division Mairang, there are 103 cases and 1610 cases have been unemployed.
But still, as a team that got up first it was unexpected to be fed to such an extent by the opposition which was its first time throughout this season that it wouldn't even get ten points also by the end of the game.
In the turn of EGH to tied, Silkamchi Marak scored 19 runs to increase the score for Group 4 but 10 wickets fell one after another.
Even if the village bans foreigners, if there are any people who have special needs such as taking medicine and other unavoidable activities, they should inform the village leaders before they leave. they come.
Re-invited on 24.05.2019, but cancelled; letter dated 30.09.2020.
Shillong: The Executive Committee (EC) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) under the leadership of Bah HS Shylla has been strengthened after the support of four Congress MDCs including Lamphrang Blah MDC Mawphlang. Donevan Kharwanlang MDC from Sohra, Process T Sawkmie MDC from Mawlai and Kimfa Marbaniang MDC from Ramrai-Jyrngam.
This is the annual football tournament of the Seng and this year the Seng has set the theme, “No to Drugs, Yes to Football” .
The Shad Suk Mynsiem is a special day in many parts of Meghalaya, which is eagerly awaited by all the tourists and residents of the state as well.
missionary father.
Ribhoi has two cases, one from screening, one from ILI case, while West Garo Hills has one case from outside the state.
Shillong: The body of a mother, Iohbianghun Sahkhar, was found in Umbir Forest, Ribhoi District, at 5:30 pm today.
The days of power outages and power shortages are now a thing of the past.
Nikman Ch Marak, Deputy Chief Executive Member (GHADC) and Vice President of NFNS, Nikman Ch Marak, said that the rally will be held at Teteng Aja Square, Tura. from all over the country to participate.
Regarding food items such as meat, poultry, fish, most of them have to be imported from abroad.
“The implementation of this scheme has been delayed by more than two years.
He said that the people of the state are still angry since the independence of the Hills State because other parties like the Congress have fallen in the country and the BJP has not been accepted and only the UDP or NPP that the people have. to choose.
Therefore, it is necessary to review the SOPs, if any, on the shooting by the army/police in areas where there is no border dispute between the two states,” said the NHRC. The Commission has sent the petition to the Home Secretary of the Union Government and the Chief Secretary of the Assam Government.
If you blame the Khariong from India who came here after the departure of the French, there is a good reason because even today it has been found that there are Dkhars who are selfish, selfish in their own country. households and those who commit pollution in the villages in comparison to the villages governed by the Khasi Dorbar Shnongs and Rangshnong by Khasi Rangbah.
In this incident, the robbers stole up to T.2 lakh from the petrol pump.
“It was after the signing of the MoU that the DC of Kamrup has given permission to build the PMGSY road,” said Bah Bajop. Assam CM Himanta, who had to come to the Secretariat to discuss the issue, strongly criticized the Congress government for not being able to do anything on this issue in the last 50 years.
