At present, there are 206 remaining buses and 202 buses have been tendered to 9 operators across the state.
In addition, the Legislative Assembly will have an MLA from the Garo community to be the Lamphang after many years.
They have applied for RTI from 2017-18 to 2019-20 after they suspected that the Secretary of the VEC has misused the MGNREGS scheme. VEC Ma Hamboide Summer who is also the Rangbah Shnong of the village for five years since
Speaking briefly at the meeting, Kong Warjri said that the eye care program is a good deed that Wahthapbru village has done and is a blessing to the poor families.
However, during the six months that Bah Ardent was CEM, Bah Adelbert became his biggest supporter.
Speaking on the fight of the state police against drugs, the VPP leader said that he commends the police for their work to eradicate drugs to protect the youth from becoming drug addicts. kyrni in this evil drink.
Sunita Warjri is the daughter of D. Lyngdoh and L. Warjri.
He said it is hoped that the power generation units from the Leshka Project will also be able to start generating electricity in these days besides the Ganol Project.
From these women, Vuli Hmar, 40, and Mawi Hmar, 18, police seized heroin packed in golden tins.
He said that those residents of Umkdait who came forward have been arrested and charged which is very sad.
This turnout was 11% lower than the turnout of the people in the MLA elections-2018 in the State.
About Rs 900 crore will have to be spent by the government to pay salaries of school teachers if it takes over which means that only Rs 400 crore will have to be spent from the usual Rs 500 crore.
He said that the Chief Minister has taken up this issue with the Government of India.
To promote growth and investment, a new provision has been introduced in the Income Tax Act from the fiscal year 2019-20 which allows any company in the country to pay income tax at the rate of 22%. subject to the circumstance that they will not be entitled to any tax exemptions or subsidies.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) through its members today afternoon arrested drug users at the parking lot at Garikhana.
Chinese troops have reportedly started moving closer in recent days and have started digging roads in the border areas of Arunachal Pradesh. They are increasingly moving to the area and coming closer to the Indian border.
In Ri Bhoi District, there are 2 cases, one high risk and one case from the Armed Forces.
The total number of cases so far has risen to 3,072 with 2,784 confirmed cases and 212 recoveries.
“This group has been involved in the attempted killing of security forces and civilians in Jammu & Kashmir. terrorist groups, recruiting people into terrorist groups, smuggling foreign terrorists and smuggling weapons and drugs across the border," he said.
Shillong: A public meeting of Rangbah Shnong, Gau Bura, FKJGP, All Rabha Student Union, AHAM, KSU, Khasi, Garo and Hajong, today decided to demand from the Government. Assam, Meghalaya and India to immediately cancel the Kulsi Hydro Project as it will affect 25 Khasi, Garo and Rabha villages on the west Khasi-Kamrup border.
The leaders said that the MoU signed by Conrad and Himanta in Delhi has forcibly excluded Namtarabari, Balsrek, Garojan, Salbari, Joypur and other villages outside the map of Meghalaya. This made the people of the city very angry.
Shillong, March 7: The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has allowed the traders and owners of coal mines in the state to pay three times the tax. for the sale of coal already mined and weighed.
According to Phres, during the meeting, Enbin told him that if this is the case, he too is not happy and if it cannot be resolved, he is ready to withdraw from the HSPDP. “Enbin has said that he can resign even if no agreement is reached,” said Phres.
This is also a sign that we understand that it is one of the strongest parties with good leaders.
Initiatives like Poshan Abhiyan and Anemia Mukt Bharat have opened up access to health care and this has reduced unemployment.
He said that all those who received assistance from FOCUS today will receive 1,000 tyngka as 1-Installment by depositing the money in their bank accounts and on 5th November 2022, another 4,000 tyngka will be deposited. 2-Installment, by conducting a program in all Block of Districts in the State which has amounted to Rs 100 crore for 2 lakh households. year.
To assist in this, a State Expert Appraisal Committee was appointed headed by Bah D. Wanswett, Principal of Synod College as Chairman.
The training method through the ECHO platform includes a thorough pre-training examination, Live Tele ECHO Sessions and the need to use experience or knowledge during the implementation of the work.
He and his follower were completely abducted until the security forces came to rescue them.
One of the main trainings was on Career Exploration, or how to start choosing lines of study, related jobs and how to stay and progress in your career.
Shillong: U Bah AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, today said that Meghalaya has recorded a significant increase in the number of cases of Covid-1 There have been 418 new cases and 18 deaths today, of which 14 are from East Khasi Hills.
Those under 16 years of age are those born between 30-11-2007 and 30-11-200 and those under 18 years of age are those born between 30-11-2005 and 30-11-2
Look at the roads in the state and the distribution of drinking water and health facilities.
The UDP has taken 17 constituencies while the HSPDP has taken 10 constituencies. The remaining 9 constituencies have been considered as open seats for both parties.
Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, said that as one of the leaders who is very concerned about those friends in the media, he has brought them twice to the Legislative Assembly to discuss the issue of writers. news in the state.
You Jews (Israel) trust in the law of Moses and boast in God, and not in the Son of God, Jesus Christ.
“We should not be too superstitious but we should be clear and understanding,” said Bah Sniawbhalang.
The family members of the deceased have lodged a complaint at Khliehriat Police Station and police are investigating to find out who is involved.
He said that what is needed now is the ILP because with the ILP, building houses with shylliah is enough and there is no need for a Facilitation Center like Dr Mukul Sangma. ILP card, arrested and imprisoned for 10 years and fined Rs 1,0
From Bimola Point to Mawlong Market and Metor area, no vehicles will be allowed to park, said Bah NK Syiem, MPS.
When the rice is harvested, it is left to dry before beating it.
In Jesus power is not rank or honor or violence or robbery of citizens or fellow human beings, but in Jesus power is empowerment and salvation.
The whole of India was inhabited by the Tribals 500 years before Christ and not by the Dkhars as explained by the Muktiar of the Supreme Court of India.
“The education department has not done anything about this,” said the PIO of Education Research and Training, Shillong, JCH Momin.
He said that the Center has no responsibility to help the students who come from poor families, especially the 213 students. At the same time, he said that the Seng will monitor the matter to find out the facts and will also meet with the relevant authorities of the NIOS of The meeting was led by the President of KSU WKHD in the presence of the Principal of KJP Synod Sepngi School in the presence of NIOS students and teachers. at the KJP Western Synod School.
At the same time, those who intend to travel from Jakrem to Mawkyrwat have to pass through the Mawthawpdah (Jakrem) road and the Sakwang-Pyndensakwang road to Mawkyrwat.
He admitted that as a human being he cannot do everything according to the wishes of the people but he has tried his best to bring about development in the constituency as much as possible.
Leaders of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People, Nartiang Area Unit, on 12th June 2024, met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh to discuss the needs of health facilities in Nartiang. this region.
He urged the students to seek knowledge not only in terms of worldly knowledge.
It was seen that the work was going smoothly until it reached the front of the Passport Office but before leaving the road, the work has now stopped again. There are government offices on this road which use this road to travel.
Ma Shibun said that the people have lost confidence in the state government now due to the incidents that have been happening from time to time.
A case was registered under Jowai PS Case No. 120(5)14 U/S 302/34 IPC.
In the Sohiong constituency, Samlin Malngiang received 13,257 votes and was defeated by 3,422 votes by UDP candidate Synshar Lyngdoh who received 16,679 votes.
He said that this is a one-time assistance from the Ministry of Finance as the Ministry of Home Affairs is in the process of amending the Sixth Schedule and there is a proposal to drop the Districts. Council in Article 280 to receive funds from the Finance Commission.
Nongpoh: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, today laid the foundation stone of many villages in the Byrnihat area. For the construction of the road from Nongthymmai 15Mer to Borbhuin, Nongkylla Khasi and other villages in the area, which will be constructed with the assistance of the CFR at the budget amounted to more than Rs 3.60 crore.
The stock tree, as I mentioned above, is the sohmyndong.
Nongpoh: U Bah Samlin Malngiang, Minister of State and Water Supply, today visited Nongrim Jirang, a village on the Assam-Meghalaya border. Mawnongrim, for the construction of the Nongrim Jirang Combine Water Supply Scheme, the Jal Jevaan Mission of the Central Government, which will distribute water to all households in three villages in the district. this area.
Vice President: Nidalut Siangshai
Under the leadership of HE Pohshna MLA, the Jaintia Dorbar has been encouraged by the increase in its membership and the opening of Sub-Dorbars in all the Doloi Elaka of Jaintia Hills.
The Muay Thai Association of Meghalaya (MTAM) will hold the third round of the 3rd Meghalaya State Sub-Junior, Junior & Senior Muay Thai Championship and Pro Fight from the 14th to the 15th of this month. month of June 2023 at Sai training Center Nehu.
They are the only settlers in Umlyngka.
Shillong: U Sanbor Shullai, MLA from Shillong Constituency 19, has sent a petition to BJP Meghalaya President Rikman Momin to demand the MP-Lok Sabha ticket from Shillong.
The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri, has confirmed that the puja celebrations should go smoothly without any incident and has directed the security forces to be vigilant against any intruders.
Mawkyrwat, June 18: The SKSWKHD in collaboration with the Seng Khasi Jakrem, in collaboration with the Seng Khasi Jakrem, has organized a beautiful costume performance for male and female dancers on the first day of the month. On the 18th June, 2022 (Tuesday) the VIII (phra) Shad Suk Mynsiem (SSM) of this year 2022 was held at the Shad Ground in Jakrem Village, South West Khasi Hills. Hills District.
Shemphang Lyngdoh, Secretary of the Litigation Cell of the KSU Central Body, said, “Our Khasi people are very small. We have become a minority even in our own country and we stand firmly on the ground to oppose the railway in the State.
There were 71 candidates who applied for the BSc Pass and 50 candidates who passed, the percentage of those who passed was 70.42%.
These home trainings are like trainings to develop us in humanity or especially in spirituality.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Donkupar Sumer, who said that he was honored in the past as the 'Kpa of Ri Bhoi', but as it is now, instead of praising Bah Lapang, he is going around the country. In the area of ​​Ri Bhoi, no one has praised the name of Bah Lapang, but many have insulted and accused him, in which this is his own actions, which has caused the people to insult and accuse him. syndon that you have been bought.
In a statement, Bah Eddie G Kharbani, Leader of the party, expressed his concern over the smuggling of drugs, from the drinkers and traffickers which poses a serious threat to the society in Ri-Bhoi and the The whole state as drugs have entered all parts of the villages and villages, which has also led to the increase in crime in the state.
The program was held at Mawsaw Sub Center under Mawthawpdah PHC with the participation of about 20 elderly people.
“Police from Umkiang Patrol Post and Lumshnong Police Station have distributed food and water to the truck drivers and other vehicle drivers. They have to cope with the unexpected natural disaster"
Purno Sangma did not know about these things, but his decision to send his eldest son, Conrad Sangma, to be the Chief Executive Member; It is clear that he has dressed in a well-prepared dress to stand in the office of the Governor, that he must obey the wishes of the ruling party and if this is not necessary. , shall go directly to the Prime Minister or shall appeal to the Parliament, that the law shall be passed, according to his wish.
In the first half, Khliehriat FC managed to control the ball well and had several chances to score and Ralangki Sutnga missed these chances in the 10th minute. 21 scored the first goal of the match and Khliehriat took the lead by 1 goal.
God said again, “Put your hand into your bosom.” Moses put it out, and when he took it out, behold, it was leprous like snow.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, praised the hard work of all those involved in raising awareness among the public on the dangers of tobacco. “Our State is proud to have received the WHO award, it testifies to the hard work of all those involved in winning this award from the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Education, the Home (Police) and all villages we have been able to reduce the use of tobacco.
The union questions whether since when the government has introduced such rules and regulations to ban and curb the illegal entry of foreigners, it has been more than three years since the resolution demanding ILP was passed, but what? What does the government do? The MRSSA has not been implemented yet, what has the government done?”
Conrad said the demand for the implementation of the ILP has increased after the implementation of the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) and various political parties have held meetings across the state to express their grievances. on the non-implementation of the ILP in the state.
When it comes to such a science, to discuss this issue, perhaps, there are many who disagree, but if we remember the problems, which the people of the State, have faced since The month of October until these days, it is very difficult to count.
There have also been cases where the state government has faced protests from the residents after they learned that the government is protesting against bringing these people to their villages.
Shillong, March 16: The Union of Cooks cum Helpers PM Poshan Meghalaya (UCCHPM Poshan) has vowed to strike if the State Government does not pay the salaries. the salary during the month of April.
It is also the first time this season that Mawlai have scored seven goals and the first time that Mawlai have conceded five goals in five matches.
In another development, Balious Swer, Media Secretary of the SCCOMDF, said that the SCCOMDF has set up another coordination committee. The court has filed a complaint against the coal mining in the State, demanding that the High Court should not allow the coal mining to start in the State.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, today denied that he will appoint ministers in his government.
Shillong: Rebecca Suchiang will soon assume the post of Chairman and Managing Director (CMD) of MeECL, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma.
The choh thyndai should thank the gods to drive away the disease and evil spirits and also to ask for their blessings.
The second list also includes the name of Mamta Meena, a former BJP MLA who joined the AAP after refusing to join the AAP. This ticket is for the BJP in Chachoura constituency.
In a statement, CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing said that there is no law for a female employee to stay in the quarter of an officer.
“We will soon send our report to the MSPB for its approval to the state government to expedite the establishment of the Meghalaya State Finance Commission (MSFC) for the purpose of advising on the allocation of funds. “Government and ADCs,” said Bah Kharshiing while talking to reporters after the meeting.
We assume that the reason for the establishment of the NLCN is the backwardness of the villagers.
Guests of the hotel will be able to witness Shillong, known as the Scotland of the East, from their rooms on the 10-storey building, which is the tallest building in the country. Mr. Tushar Nagar, General Manager of Marroitt Court, Shillong.
The Cabinet has approved the Assam Healing (Prevention of Evil Practice) 2024 to eliminate attempts to cure various diseases through magic.
Kabul has not yet been seriously threatened by the Taliban, but the fighting from many sides has put pressure on government troops, as there are now many civilians. Taliban attacks have targeted 100,000 people who have fled to Kabul to escape the Taliban attack.
The aim of the event is to explain the beauty of the face by celebrating the talents and strength of the participants, by making them more than just their participation in this beauty pageant.
AIS SujaSuperstitious belief is a belief that exists in mankind throughout the world, especially in the past and even today. and even to those who call themselves Christians.
However, he urged the rulers whether they are Syiems, Sordars or Riew Rangbah, to stand together at such times, to demand a proper border and not to allow He said that Assam will do whatever it wants and if the proper border can be resolved, the Nepalis will be discussed later.
On the same day, Vijaya also met with BJP women leaders and addressed a public meeting at Asom Kristi Hall, Dhankheti in the presence of BJP Manila President Pelcy Snaitang and others.
Then even the women who passed by were seen being beaten with sticks.
Donald said that many youths have sacrificed their lives, have been imprisoned but the people in power have no determination to implement the issues.
Not only that, the government has also distributed assistance to 12 private Eco Hatcheries including three in East Khasi Hills, two in Ri-Bhoi, one in Jaintia Hills and one in Jaintia Hills. in South West Khasi Hills, two in West Garo Hills, two in South Garo Hills and one in East Garo Hills.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The Living Roots Eco Challenge organized by the NEHU Alumni Association together with the residents of Wahlyngkhat and Nongblai villages on the 21st of this month. They will ride from Wahlyng via the road to Nongblai.
His mother also said that it was enough to do so because he had earned his living.
Shillong: U Justice BP Katakey, who is also the Chairman of the National Green Tribunal (NGT) Committee, today said that he wants to resign from the committee.
All the injured have been taken to Jowai and Nongtalang Hospitals.
Continuous heavy rainfall in Shillong until Sunday morning has caused areas in Langkyrding, Pynthorumkhrah area to flood up to the ground floor of houses.
The 14th Sports Meet organized by the Pasadwar Cluster for two days has come to an end on the 16th of this month at Kamsing.
At the same time, the union urges the Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi district to take action against this company or the authorities for the safety of the passengers, said a statement sent by the union. Roland Lyngdoh, President of CoRP Nongpoh Circle.
In fact, these organizations had planned to hold a large procession today, after the meeting, but due to the invitation of the Prime Minister, they had to cancel. before this public meeting.
Bahnah you want to go to work ...? I don't see unless you speak yourself.
Badap Pura Nongkhkaw scored 27 runs from 25 balls for the loss of six wickets.
“The leaders of this party in the state should apologize and the speaker should also apologize for speaking against the people of the state and also against the culture of our people,” he said.
According to the investigation, T.6,77,35,899 tyngka has been collected from June 2012 to April 2013 while only T.2,06,51,642 tyngka has reached the Central Government. T.4,70,84,257 worth of money has been lost.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The number of active cases of Covid-19 in the state has risen to
Shillong Municipal Board who provided the vehicle to carry the garbage as well as the volunteers of the village including the garbage truck of the village who took part in the work. cleanse the village in this victorious area.
The decision was taken to temporarily close Mawphanlur as a precautionary measure against the spread of Corona Virus. The tourist spot will reopen from 1st June, 2020 unless other arrangements are made.
Regarding the injured, Bah C.Mawkon Magistrate, said that according to the medical report, there are 28 injured but 25 have been discharged from hospital. Two women and one man are still being treated at the Civil Hospital Nongstoin with serious injuries.
Police have taken the victims to Umsning CHC for treatment.
TRIFED under the Union Ministry of Tribal Affairs in the second phase or Phase 2 will implement the PTP-NER 2.0 scheme from the 21st of this month to the end of the month. 10th November 2023 with the aim of promoting the indigenous manufacturers and craftsmen of the Northeast.
At the same time, he said that for the lockdown, the government requests the people to take action to stay at home.
Shillong: After the Government of India failed to introduce the Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2016 in the Rajya Sabha today, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has celebrated in Shillong by marching around the city. Speaking to reporters, KSU General Secretary Donald V Thabah said that the KSU has held a public meeting in these days. protests and curfew against the Bill.
For Palace, Andros Townsend scored in the 34th minute, James Tomkins in the 65th minute and Max Meyer in the 90+5th minute.
On the occasion, the two Chief Ministers visited the border areas of the two states by helicopter.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Executive Members (EMs) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) led by Bah Rangkynsai Kharbuki, Grace Mary Kharpuri, Jambor War and Teibor Pathaw on Friday held a meeting. They visited the market in Ïewduh to explain to the buyers and sellers of jhur that the kilo cut of agricultural products should not continue from now on.
On the other hand, the union questions the district authorities of Ri Bhoi and the Meghalaya government how Assam is implementing the electricity distribution in Madan Umwang, which is still a village. While the development works coming from Meghalaya as happened in Sabuda village, the plan of the Meghalaya government to distribute electricity to the people has failed after the blockade by the Assam Police.
The debate between the BJP on the candidate to contest against AICC President Sonia Gandhi is still raging.
The KSU Delhi Unit has lodged a complaint with the Delhi Police North East Cell.
Farmers do not need to spend extra to buy urea and this will help reduce their operating costs.
Now we know that the music of Summersalt, which has dominated the Khasi music in this century, is also the contribution of our brother and sister musician”, said Bah Greg Nongrum.
In his traditional costume and performance of traditional musical instruments, Kumbang said that the rituals were performed by people from the Boro, Karbi, Tina, Dimasa, Rabha and Mising groups.
Among the 10,000 spectators who witnessed the final, the officials took the match to Extra Time.
Referring to package-5 and package-3 of the project, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “For package-5, the tender is in the final stage after the company I have left my work.
In the 1st Division, Siejlieh beat Steplanglur 3-0 to win the title.
Therefore, parents need to explain to their children that they should take responsibility for the betterment not only of the family, the village but the country and the nation as a whole.
The bodies of the victims were recovered by the residents of Saphai village and Karompani police.
Before the march, a speech was delivered by Bah Auguster Jyrwa, who strongly condemned the BJP's introduction of this Bill which will destroy the minorities of Meghalaya and the North East as a whole.
The UDP leader said that the CEC meeting has also directed all the districts and states of the party to continue to work hard for the party and how to strengthen it. Metbah said that regarding the candidacy for the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, it has been left to the SEC and in consultation with the leaders, the candidacy for the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency will be taken. decided with the HSPDP under the banner of the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA).
Hollywood is also a city.
According to the agreement, it has to be renewed annually with the government and the government will assess if the management is appropriate, it can continue to hand over.
As an organization that looks after the welfare of the people, it is pleased to come forward to demand this ban on the entry into Riwar area, as it has been seen that in Shillong and other places the Corona Virus , has spread rapidly and many people have contracted the disease.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The MDCs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today held a special meeting to discuss the ways and means to release the powers of the Rangbah Shnongs in the court. all 30 MDCs of the ruling and opposition parties.
The President of KHNAM Youth Wing, Bah Thomas Passah, said that the district administration should take action against this incident as the central government has implemented the Sexual Harassment of Women Employees at Work Place Act 2013 but in Shillong. this law is not yet in force.
“We hope that this Indo-Hynniewtrep peace talks will bring about a change and empower the Hynniewtrep people,” said the HNLC General Secretary and Publicity Secretary Sainkupar Nongtraw.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Hamlet said that the government's intention to operate four wheelers is to provide services to the people for the convenience of the passengers.
At the same time, he said that the customs and traditions should be protected and preserved as they are very important in the rule of law and justice.
The role and impact of social media works well in developed countries as well as in educated people. and intellectual people).
The Tavern Club is an alfresco bar with views of the beautiful mountains; this is the perfect place for cocktails and to relax by eating snacks by the pool.
In many of the civil works of development works in the state, the contractors are the companies.
We feel that the people should know clearly that the Instrument of Accession should be implemented,” he added.
From the leaders of the District Councils, CEMs, EMs and MDCs, there are many corrupt people.
“If we hadn't received timely information, these robbers would have escaped to celebrate Independence Day,” said the SP (Crimes).
As a kindness of Bah Don to me, I cannot help but criticize him, with the hope that it will be a help to the son who intends to take over the responsibility left by his father.
If the government continues to ignore the teachers, as it does now to all the adhoc teachers, all the SSAs, then there is a threat to the country, the future, and the nation.
There are 31 recoveries and 3 deaths today from East Khasi Hills.
The SP said that the scene of the murder will be investigated further so that the perpetrators can be identified.
These are just the attempts of the elders to try to find out the cause and to explain the ignorance of the tit infection, but we cannot prove whether these are true or not. that is not light.
Through this antor I hope that those who do wrong will hear well, those who do wrong will see clearly, those who do wrong will take action and that they will have a spirit of compassion because they too are human beings and have to go the same way.
According to the report received by the union, the NHAI has said that due to the heavy rainfall during the rainy season, the road has been damaged. NHAI workers have already completed the repair of the road from Sonapur to Ratacherra before the rainy season. and they shall continue again when the time of rain cometh.
“We’ve never found anything like this.
Thinking and vigilance must start with ourselves so that we can protect others.
The table top exercise was conducted by Sanjay Goyal, Commissioner & Secretary, Department of Revenue and Disaster Management in the presence of Maj.
“It is impossible to walk or drive anymore, all along the National Highway 6 there are potholes.
In a statement, Bah Ardent said that it is worth remembering that before the advent of Christianity, the indigenous people had their own beliefs and practices. ly bak from the beliefs and teachings of Hinduism.
Their cooperation and if anyone violates the prohibition will be subject to legal proceedings or fines.
Police on receiving a tip, police conducted a search operation on MZ 01 F 3632 and MZ 01 F 7535 driven by Thapa and L Varte at Luckier Road, Shillong. They went to Mizoram to carry drugs.
However, the shooters fled the scene immediately after shooting dead the two men.
Jagadish Hajong lodged a complaint that on 13th June at about 11 pm, robbers stole a motorcycle (ML-08D-0395) from his residence at Kuligaon village in South West Garo Hills.
Last month, the state government announced the Chief Minister Sishu Seva Scheme for children who have been left behind due to the pandemic. T.3,500, and T.2,000 to be paid by the Government of India per month.
Gardner also scored the goal after her team completed its journey at the ICC Women's T20 World Cup.
“I only carried the weapons given to me by Sohan but I never committed illegal acts,” said Hedeo, who joined the party in
These birds came to these shops along the road, it was exactly like a thma where a group of them came to a shop selling meat in the area.
Besides this film, on the 25th, DJ Jelly, DJ Nizio, DJ Banshan, DJ Wanjop Sohkhlet will also perform.
From the house of the woman, police recovered a 7.65 pistol and one rifle.
The runners were entertained by the dance and there was also a demonstration of the dance style of the people of the East.
However, when they win, they sell back to the people who won them, just for the sake of what will happen if the people trust like these leaders.
He asked how to love the nation when the stomach is empty, and to love the nation is to improve the society. .
On the other hand, the village leaders expressed their gratitude to the MLA for taking the initiative to allocate schemes for many different villages in the Nongstoin constituency. This is the first time that he has come to distribute the work orders because all the work orders have been sent to the party members but now they have received them from the hands of the MLA. He said that in the next few months he will launch his development schemes for the Nongstoin constituency.
Regarding the failure of the footbridge in Nongpoh, the MLA of Nongpoh, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, said that as the Leader of the People, The NHAI has been approached regarding the proposal to build a footbridge in Nongpoh, but one of the reasons why it has not been implemented as planned is the lack of land at Lad Mawroh.
Speaking to media, the President of the party, Bah Shngaiñlang Sohkhlet, strongly criticized the security forces and the authorities in charge of the entry and exit of the mynder. 30 persons entered immediately without anyone stopping them, where did those searchers go?” said Bah Shngaiñlang Sohkhlet.
“As the government has stated that the 12 seats are in dispute, we have suggested to the government to put these names on the websites because only inside the block. There are also 31 villages under the Daloiship Expenditure Division.
Hopeful Pohthmi scored the first goal for Padu United in the 55th minute.
Since the government announced that students and workers from other states in the Northeast have been allowed to return to their home state, about 700 students have been allowed to return to their home state. Youths who have returned to the state have been screened according to the directives of the state government.
In any group whether it is in faith, volunteerism, society, politics, community and so on, everyone needs a leader, and as a nation we need a leader. It is also necessary to achieve the goal of having a top leader among them so that they can achieve their aspirations, ideas and It is not necessary to say that there are many but what is more important to the people is the need to meet the basic needs of human beings – food, clothing, shelter, and the rest of the house.
“The most important thing is to teach the next generation to live outside of loneliness by using the mobile culture... this is something that affects us and the time will come when this will happen. “It's our city that we don't even know even though we live near each other,” she added.
Share 2.
Another strong team from Kolkata is Mohammedan Sporting in Group B along with ISL teams Mumbai City FC, Jamshedpur FC and Indian Navy.
Guwahati: A total of 81 people have died of coronavirus in Assam today, bringing the death toll to 2,5
Meghalaya will lose Teja in the second innings due to injury and he had to rest first, so other batsmen had to come out like Punit Bisht who scored 51 runs and Negi who scored 51 runs. earned 50 runs (half-century).
Three others, Baldon Syiem, Donbok Paliar and Apstarboy Nongkhar, sustained minor injuries and were taken to Markasa PHC for treatment. The three persons who were seriously injured were released for treatment.
In 2002, India ranked 80th and dropped to 140th in 2013-1
Signed by Fredrick Timung (Goan Bura)".
On the part of Father Simeon Sungoh, he expressed his gratitude to the JHDS, Jowai Diocese for reaching out to the needy people around Jaintia Hills.
The raid was led by Bah Rajesh Syngkli, President of HANM Warmawsaw Unit and members. and those who do not have proper documents, whether in Trading and Labor License, but do not even have documents proving that they are Indian citizens.
He said it is a shame for the Prime Minister who is busy only to go to Delhi for dinner while his state is facing tragic incidents from natural disasters and various disasters.
And this is obviously what can save us from the mental health crisis.
The journalist replied on her Twitter account that she accepted the apology of the Governor, but said that she did not agree with the opinion that the Governor had affected her.
The East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (EKHCA) has launched a search for talented cricketers to promote cricket in the state. start training from an early age.
Some of them grow by themselves and some of them sow the seeds of enemies such as shiah seeds and others.
Momen said India's actions undermine the belief that it is an independent country of all religions and denied that there are minorities who are being discriminated against in Bangladesh.
When asked whether they agree with the government's increase in the price of petrol by 2 tyngka per litre, the President of WJHTODA, Humbert Passah said, “I alone am not satisfied, but we have to wait. the decision of the Joint Action Committee of Commercial Vehicles"
He said that in a meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, he (Bah Tynsong) has made it clear that there has been no discussion on the railway issue even at the Cabinet meeting. .
Meanwhile, UDP MLA Paul Lyngdoh said that Shillong is the capital of the North East but after the invasion of the army, it has changed. lut standing shadong.
She said that more detailed information on the damage and losses due to the natural disaster will be done in the districts and after that the district authorities will count the damage and send it to the SDMA. When asked whether schools and colleges will be closed in the affected districts, Kong Matsiewdor said that the decision will be taken by the Deputy Commissioners.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 28: The residents of Umran-Dairy village, Ri-Bhoi District, including the elderly, women, youth and children, together with the PPM of North Khasi Hill District and RBPM Central, Body, on Saturday, marched from the village center to the new Petrol/Diesel Pump near the Umran River.
Shillong: After the residents of Pynursla Civil Sub Division (Pynursla) under the supervision of the Border Area Development Officer Pynursla, the residents of Ri War Mihngi (Pynursla) have been arrested. The removal of many villages from the Border Area list since the opening of the Pynursla Civil Sub Division in 2017 is just a myth.
Furthermore, the time has come for the school authorities in Khasi Jaintia Hills, to introduce a more specialized education to the children, especially the subject of heroes, heroes. The sword and the thinkers of the nation have appeared, in which their bravery, the vision of the world and the words they have written in the voice of poetry, indeed not only knock. The thought when reading them, but it stirred from the bottom of the heart, to learn to love and correct one's own nation.
As one of the biggest supporters of this party, I have long wondered when our country will get leaders who are truly leaders who can develop the country, especially the poor. doctors, engineers, IAS officers and so on.
According to Laloo, the MUDA department has been taking money from the people for a long time because if you go to meet the minister, the price has been reduced. The price is lower, it seems that MUDA is the market,” said Gilbert G Laloo.
He said that these poor households were already registered during his tenure as Minister in the MDA-1 Government when he and Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma went to Delhi to request the Government of India. to allocate housing funds to poor families.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has laid the foundation stone of the Rambrai C&RD Block.
Nongstoiñ, July 11: UDP President Ardent Basaïawmoit on Saturday praised the UDP's training on the Reservation Policy (RP) for its MLAs. It is clear that this issue was included in the election manifesto just to attract votes.
Those who passed the examination have decided to take this step without delay after the government has not extended the deadline for their appointment even after they have sent letters from time to time.
He expressed his gratitude to the Meghalaya State BJP for allowing the teachers to meet the Minister of Human Resources Development (HRD) Smriti Zubin Irani.
Speaking at the strike, NEHUTA President Prof. V. Ruata Rengsi said that universities and colleges in the country have demanded that the UGC should implement these demands of the teachers. without buh there anymore.
He said that this quiz competition is not only a celebration of this day but will also help in the need to know the rights of consumers in the market.
To implement this project, the State Government has to receive a loan from the Asian Development Bank worth Rs. 100 crore along with interest.
However, the two leaders lost the elections that followed the decision and the matter has now been suspended.
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, today imposed a lockdown under Section 144 CrPC on many border villages in different parts of Meghalaya-Assam.
Those who receive money become slaves forever and have to elect the same person as MLA even if he doesn't do anything for the constituency and the state as a whole.
Nongstoiñ, March 02: Although the Nepalis are not full citizens of India, it cannot be denied that in every state in India, the Nepalis are present but they don't they are not paid like other nations.
On the other hand, the speakers on the occasion congratulated all the athletes of Ri-Bhoi District who have played well in various sports and even those who have not reached the goal of victory. They will continue to work hard to make the most of their talents.
Speakers including Sengbhalang leaders, village leaders and citizens said that in other states they have done their best to review or renew the Reservation Policy every 10 years while in Meghalaya it has been 50 years. and the light shall remain the same.
On the other hand, the President of the Jaintia Students Union, said that the ability of foreigners to enter the state to set up their own businesses is through our Khasi girls. .
The Minister also made it clear that the Government will not cancel anything it has done for this purpose.
Therefore, she expressed her special congratulations to Biolinda for achieving her dream from the beginning, despite the difficulties but with hard work and perseverance she has been able to achieve it from the beginning. part of the purpose.
Speaking to reporters, the Medical Superintendent of Woodland Hospital, Dr Werlok Kharshiing, said that the hospital authorities have appointed a team of inquiry to investigate the incident and those involved will be punished. .
Chelani said that according to reports, it has been shown that there are no more people who can disrupt the peace and order in Tura.
Shillong, Nailur, 12: The Minister of Excise, Bah Kyrmen Shylla on Tuesday said that the revenue collection of the Excise Department has increased after the sale of illegal liquor in these states. four years ago.
Nongpoh: A day after the National Clean Air Program (NCAP) announced that Byrnihat has been named one of the villages or areas in India, Leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) have met and sent a petition to Bah MB Tongper, ADC Ri Bhoi, to urge him to take action. on this name, which was given to Byrnihat.
After the speech of Nongthymmai MDC, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, on the other hand, the EM in charge of Revenue, Bah Fantin Joseph Lakadong said that this issue has been going on for a long time and the Council relies on it. always in the share from the Government, because there is more expenditure than income.
Speakers on the occasion included Samla Morningstar Khongthaw, President of Rangthylliang Cooperative Society, Secretary of Rangthylliang Village, Bah M.Kharbyngar, Asst Registrar of Rangthylliang Cooperative Society; Speaking as the chief guest, MDC Jansing Tynsong urged all the members of the Livingroot Eco-Tourism Society to The Tourism Society under the leadership of Samla Morningstar Khongthaw as President, to work together in any work that the Society does, so that the work and development of the village will increase.
According to the Word of God we know that Jesus is the Messiah the Prince whom the Israelites rejected for more than 2000 years and whom the Gentiles have accepted, whom the whole world accepts and knows.
Speaking after the meeting, Bah Metbah said, “The completion of the Ïing Dorbar should be ahead of schedule.
Meanwhile, ISIS members admitted to the media that their leader was not in the same vehicle as Elefery, while other media reported that the leader he may die or be seriously injured in this accident.
He said that Thomas Jones died at the age of half a year when he was persecuted for fighting for the rights of the Khasi.
It is interesting that in these months there are many organizations that want to know what a smart meter is.
The Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem together with the Ministers inspected the entire market to see the areas that need to be repaired and those that need to be rebuilt in order to avoid the pollution of the market.
The award is for the 12th Mait Shaphrang Academic Award
He said that the games also teach us how to recover from defeats and come back stronger.
“On the day the curfew was announced, Maanayata and her children were all in Dubai.
It is learned that after the end of these disputes in Mawphlang, leaders of various parties came out to propose cooperation in North Shillong.
Madrid: The wife of Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez has tested positive for the coronavirus, the prime minister's office said today.
Thomas Jones Synod College, Jowai was led by Mr. Mutbha Lapasam and Mr. Quickly Pala.
There have been many complaints that Ranu has been drunk for the past 10 years.
When the members of the RBYF Umsning, stopped the bus at Nongthymmai, they tried to ask them where they intended to go, but the answer from them was not clear. Because sometimes they say to go to Shillong and sometimes they say to go to Lumshnong, so when the answer is not clear and besides that they don't have proper documents, which has led the members of the RBYF to return these foreign states.
The HNLC has denied that all these allegations are secret police activities and a plot to defame and disgrace the party.
Speeches were also delivered by the President and General Secretary of the Seng Khasi Mawlai, Rgh Dipshon L Nongbri and Phira Sing Warnongbri. Committee of the Khasi People's Liberation Army.
“During a search operation by the Indian Army in collaboration with the JKP, the investigation team saw someone walking in the forest areas of Dassal Gujran. near Rajouri on the midnight of July 1 and 2, 2023.
“They came to participate in Guwahati as well as Jorhat. Seven students came to write in Guwahati and one in Jorhat and there were about 17,000 students who came to write. .
The doctors said that the deterioration of their symptoms was due to the fact that they had acted too quickly.
Meghalaya has won four matches and has qualified for the semi final, with another match against Nagaland on 4th June.
“But the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things”.
Police conducted a raid after receiving a tip on the presence of GNLA members in the village.
“Perhaps these things that have happened these days are also caused by our households.
At the same time, he said that there were those who wanted to dissolve the VPP, to buy the two MLAs of the VPP, but he said that there will be no authority to dissolve the VPP because you are a party.
Seven people have lost their lives in the incident at Mukroh on the 22nd of this month, five of whom are Khasi and one is a forest guard from Assam.
The Meghalaya Traditional Healing Clinic was constructed at a cost of T.8 lakh through the Bio-Resource Development Center, Shillong.
He said he hopes that in 2023 the Congress will come back to power and hopes that it will win in all the constituencies in Jaintia Hills.
Raj Passah Secretary Better Life SHG, Millennium Event Guwahati was also present at the meeting.
The first round we have already held a Peace Rally and the second round is to continue from 27th November, 2033, the ASHAs have decided to sit in front of the Secretariat Office indefinitely.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the program also aims to clean and reuse the waste besides making compost for the benefit of the people and also to use it to generate electricity from these waste.
However, the State Government will continue to monitor this project for the benefit of the people of the State.
Two months of the promises of the CEM, and it was reported that from time to time there has been pressure and reminders from the KHNAM Party to the CEM to urgently on this issue as he has already promised.
According to the President of KHTTA, there is an organization from Assam which looks after the safety of commercial vehicles traveling from Meghalaya from Byrnihat to Assam and from Byrnihat to Meghalaya. he earned cars.
We must all work together for a sustainable water future.
We live in largest democracy country in the world….
There are 32 teams and 319 players in these age groups who have participated in the YFC Baby League.
Then you will reach Nongjyllieh, climb Tynrong Wahladew, reach Sohlait, Lawse, Sohparu, Dingshiang or Dingshyieng and reach Nongkhnum.
On 17th June, about five Jesuit priests died in different parts of Gujarat.
Under this scheme, 77.79 per cent of the residents in rural areas and 50.87 per cent in urban areas will receive foodgrains according to the 2011 census.
The Nongstoin constituency has become vacant after the death of its MLA Hopingstone Lyngdoh recently.
Hundreds of Rangbah Shnongs have gathered at the office of the SDO (Civil) Sohra today to attend a meeting organized by the office to explain the National Food Security. Act 2013 , which has received complaints from the Rangbah of the area.
The Mookaiaw MLA also demanded that the government should bring development projects such as electricity and roads to the border area which is still lagging behind.
The inspection led by Sports Secretary Bah B.Shylla, in the presence of the office bearers of HYC Jaintia Hill, President Bah Mewst Rabon, General Secretary Samla Romingstar Lamare, was found to have been destroyed. There is no doctor except one female doctor.
The PGI 2021 report prepared by the NITI Aayog shows that Meghalaya is the worst state in terms of education.
In the 51st minute, Meghalaya through Sunalinda Iawren scored the first goal but Odisha scored the third goal in the 53rd minute. Through Deepa Nayak, she scored the third goal.
It is pleasant to hear from the words of Bah Herman Nongrum when he immediately told the story of the tipbriew tipblei of the Khasi people who was asked to write, in which he was asked to search for it. New Year of the Khasi people.
In their speech, they expressed their gratitude to the MLA for providing an ambulance which is in dire need of the area.
Xi has already faced many challenges and challenges in the past five years, especially relations between China and the US caused by the coronavirus, but he is confident that in this time he will do his utmost to strengthen the defenses of the country and also to improve relations with the countries of the world.
“To gain the trust of the people, the Government should direct the Police to investigate the case registered and arrest those involved immediately but not just talk,” he said. state.
The CEO said that the Excise Department of the State has seized a large quantity of kyiad during the hours of polling in Sohiong.
In Basketball, the girls of the state continued to dominate the group by taking first place.
At the same time, criminals will not be able to walk freely because even if they are sitting inside a vehicle, they can be seen by the public and law enforcement agencies.
He said the SP/DCs from both sides of the issue have also met to resolve the incidents in the border areas.
The meeting was chaired by Dr. H. Lyngdoh as Chairman.
For this reason, the national parties eventually collapsed.
The meeting was attended by Dr.M.Mawrie, DMHO, Bah PSyiem, ASP Ri Bhoi, Bah Victor Rani, MDC Jirang and many other village leaders of Byrnihat. Through this meeting, they discussed many issues related to the COVID-19 pandemic, whether it is on the ways and means to prevent the spread of COVID-19 and especially on the explanation on how to to bury those who have died of COVID-1
Conrad is also in the same government in Delhi and it is his duty to talk to Defense Minister Rajnath Singh and convince him to give land.
Sangma said that in the next five years, the number of students will increase to 4 lakh, but there are only 45,000 institutions in the country. colleges, the youth and the state government is looking for ways and means to increase the number of colleges and increase the number of institutions.
On the issue of demanding a replacement party leader, Pala said it is up to the MLAs to take a decision and he has nothing to do with it.
The award ceremony was led by Bah Rayonald Kharkamni, Vice President and First Member of MCA and Dhrubajyoti Thakuria, Treasurer of MCA. from seven states including the awarding of awards to those players who have played well in the BCCI Domestic Season 2022-2
At the time of writing, police have not arrested anyone.
Sputnik, after winning the toss, failed to tied first and managed to score 215/7 in 40 overs, with Amiangshu Sen scoring 71 runs from 83 balls.
Shillong: The Taxi Operators of East Khasi Hills today banned all vehicles from operating in Khyndai Lad, Motphran, Anjali and Shillong, on the lack of arrest of those who shot and killed Khasi in Khyndai Lad abroad.
In this new year we must work hard together to support these residents, families who have been displaced and to give them back a life of dignity and peace.
The state of Meghalaya has been defeated.
Shillong, Naitung 07 : As the election period for the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has approached, the MLA election in Mylliem constituency has started to slow down especially after the leaders of other parties including their supporters Mylliem MDC Ronnie V Lyngdoh and supporters of former MDC Teilinia Thangkhiew, on 5th November, came to support Hamletson Dohling, MLA Mylliem Constituency.
All non-government schools from SSA, Adhoc, Deficit Pattern and Deficit Systems still receive their salaries once every 3/4 months.
The President of the Khasi Jaintia Deficit School Teachers Association (KJDSTA) Babu Kular Khongjirem, while criticizing the state government for not doing anything for the teachers, said, “Here in Meghalaya, the government treats the teachers as meinah without monthly salary payment, delay in payment of salary Outstanding arrears, non-payment of healthcare, non-payment of pension, no ACCPS, no promotion, and others.
Dr Ahangar was accompanied by NEIG RHIMS officials including Medical Superintendent Dr AC Phukan.
Dakani added their second goal in the 84th minute and the last goal was scored by Balabet Khongsit in the 87th minute to give Meghalaya the victory.
in) online until 30th November
We are the children of the evil one (Satan).
However, these predictions of the Exit Poll are not accurate but they give us the opportunity to understand how the result will be on the 2nd of October.
Meghalaya scored 203 runs for the loss of all wickets in the first innings while the opposition scored 224 runs for the loss of all wickets.
Therefore, the Syiem together with the Executive Dorbar of the Hima Langrin, directs all the Headmans of all the border villages of the Hima and also the Sordars of those neighboring border villages, to be vigilant. well, lest there be such people who come into the kingdom.
Khliehriat: The Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA) has demanded from the Jio Company to improve the Jio network at two places, one in Bataw and one in Rymbai. Another one in Lama village, because of the power outage, the network has been lost and this has affected the people who use the Jio network, especially in the rural areas where many of them use the Jio network. you live network.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong on Friday directed the Urban Development Department to find two or three plots of land for the relocation of 342 Harijan households. live in Them Iewmawlong.
According to the committee, there are about 6.3 million tonnes of coal worth T.3078 crore and the revenue to the government will be T.400 crore. amount.
When Ksan, Bhalang and his father carried the ratap to carry wood to the forest.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawkynrew Circle under the leadership of Nangiadalang Surong together with the leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawkynrew Circle, today visited Jongksha village to form a Namlang unit. to 12th November 2020.
He also announced that as part of the promotion of sports in the North East, the Assam Rifles has been selected by the Central Government to conduct the Assam Rifle Public School, Shillong under the 'Khelo' scheme. India'.
The parking arrangements for the Consecration Mass are as follows: For those coming from Umkiang, Lumshnong, Khliehriat, Sutnga, Jalaphet, Lad-Lakadong and Village Churches of Ladrymbai Parish. PARKING 1: At Ma Dinush Siangshai Square.
Therefore, if those who call themselves Christians, followers of Jesus Christ, have a spiritual root in their lives, they will become bloodless and meaningless. person.
The union said that in a meeting with the Director, she explained that she has just taken over the department and therefore she will have to look into the salary of the teachers.
Speaking on the opposition especially from the Khasi Hills to the implementation of the Roster by looking back to 1972, “It is reasonable and on my part I will raise this issue at the meeting of the Group. The Minister should implement it immediately from the date of approval and not implement it later.
Genesis 1:31 says, “And God saw every thing that he had made, and, behold, it was very good” and in other words, everything God had made was good. and God blessed the earth.
Similarly, in the Executive Committee, there are various cases which have been tied badminton from the Court of the Syiem to the EC of the Council and from the Court of the EC of the Council to the Syiems.
In fact, the film 'Eikhoigi Yum' has been given the opportunity to open its screenings at the first Eikhoigi Imphal International Film Festival (EIIFF),” said Romi.
Of course, these will be very difficult tasks and we will have to sit down and think carefully so that the work can go smoothly,” said Himanta.
But God said to Lucifer, Satan – “If you are a man, and not God, have you set your heart like the heart of God? me"
“This happened in 2011-2012 and 2012-2013 and the investigation has concluded by charging the salary of this Chowkidar,” said Bah Titos.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that there are many youngsters in Nongstoiñ who have set a goal to involve the children of those who have more money in drugs, because they have more money to buy drugs. it's just.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad said that after receiving reports from various departments including the Navy, doctors and forensic experts, the government has decided to suspend the to find the people in the cave.
“Therefore, after a thorough consultation, the Meghalaya government has decided to oppose the appointment of MDCs by leaving un-represented tribes in the District Councils,” said the petition to Modi.
Shillong: The Supreme Court of India today issued an order against the Assam government for the seizure of land on the Meghalaya border. Newyearly Thangkhiew, from Nongkseh, is the owner of a piece of land in Umling Community & Development Block, Ri Bhoi District, Meghalaya. ), Khanapara, Raid Marwet, Mylliem Syiemship, Ri Bhoi District, Meghalaya.
The tournament, which will end on November 1, was organized by the Meghalaya Boxing Association in collaboration with the Boxing Federation of India and supported by the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs of the State Government.
The same mother has four children.
In addition, no Residential Certificate shall be issued to those who change their Kur/Jait or take the Kur/Jait of others without complying with Section 3 and Section 12 of the above Act.
In a statement sent by KSU Narpuh Circle President KS Suchiang and General Secretary Sanatomba Bamon, they demanded that the state government should provide temporary assistance to the India-Bangladesh border villages including Lejri, Lailong, Huroi and Hingaria. By building the road only to make it easier for them to walk and stand during this rainy season.
Other border areas, which have been approved to be signposted, are Lyngkhat Raid, Nongshken Raid, Nongjri District, Umniuh Tmar District and Rangbah Raid, which also falls under Nohwet Village.
Shillong: The State Task Force Meeting for COVID-19 Vaccine, was held on 19th November 2020, chaired by Sampath Kumar IAS.
He said that in 2019, during the meeting of KAS with Rajnath Singh when he was Minister of Home Affairs and Minister of Child Development Kiren Rijiju, the Government of India sent a reply. that the Khasi language is one of the 38 languages ​​in India which have been applied for inclusion in the Khyrnit Baphra and all these are still under the supervision of the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India.
“I am surprised at the government's decision to relocate the North Jowai Division when recently the issue of relocation has become very popular, but yesterday an announcement was issued and even the name of the Division was changed to Shangpung Division,” he said. and Andrew.
There are many houses, which have been destroyed and some of them have been paid by the government, but there are those who have been destroyed and we don't talk about them only on the roads from Shillong to Guwahati and so on. The land acquisition, which has become increasingly common, as reported in the newspapers from time to time, but this is what the government, used to say, is necessary for the welfare of the people.
In Pynursla, the students of Class XII of St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School, although they came to take the tablet with their own hands, have not yet used the tablet.
When the young boy had put on his blue coat and stepped forward to leave the door, Leonardo said to him: "Yes, follow his example. in his way, and you will be like him".
“We expect it to increase to more than 80 percent in the coming years,” he said.
Speaking on the occasion, these leaders expressed their deep sorrow that the poor families have not received the rights they deserve while the well-off families have violated the rights of the poor. rangli and this is not in accordance with the wish of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi to eradicate poverty as every household should receive ration as allocated by the government.
“I personally don't feel that the railway line will come if we look at the development needs in the state, employment opportunities, the increase in the price of commodities but when we look at the small community, it is necessary to there's protection," he said.
The players of both the teams played well from the beginning of the first half to the second half, but in the midst of a fierce fighting, the players of Raid Nongpoh managed to score the first goal. In the second half, Shillong Lajong scored the third goal and by the end of the second half, the match ended in a 1-1 draw.
On the other hand, the Minister said that he has visited the site in the past few days before opening it to ensure that everything is going smoothly.
The Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, inaugurated the North East Regatta at Umiam Water Sports Complex on Saturday.
It has killed up to 100 million people.
Jopborlang Khongngi took the lead in the 56th minute followed by Babiang Umsong in the 65th minute. Mawtawar SC opened the scoring through Fedrick Lyngdoh in the 65th minute. in the 69th minute and Ronaldo in the 80th minute.
The Meghalaya High Court on 14th July 2015, ordered the Registrar General of the Court to convene a hearing against the then CEM of KHADC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, for allegedly Nongrum said that the High Court has been criticized.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that the youth are a great asset to the State and the country to increase income.
The reason for the backwardness of agriculture is that the children of farmers who have passed or received education from school or college, instead of going to spread their education to their villages, go to and he went out into the country.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauchan, who was also present on the occasion, congratulated all those who took part in the race which was held on Tuesday morning (26th November). Prizes were also awarded to the winners.
Buhsing II, who lived in Swer, also followed the example of his brother, to find ways how to expand his kingdom to collect this uthie from 'diang na mon,' he went up and down to settle his people in peace, and by doing so his kingdom grew greatly.
Shillong: The KSU Mairang Circle has sent its best wishes to the students of the jaitbynriew who are preparing to write various examinations especially to the board students of SSLC and HSLC as well as others.
Hundreds of children and grandchildren of this kur came from different parts of Khasi Jaintia to attend this kur gathering.
We are one with the HSPDP and we are on the same platform where we are working together for the good of the people and for the nation,” he said.
Shillong, July 11: The National People's Party (NPP) has elected the strongest candidate for the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, said Minister of State and NPP Leader Rakkam A Sangma. If you are in Parliament, how proud it will be for the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency”.
The group thanks the owner of the video, Michael Dhar from Bhoirymbong.
The market is another source of income that the government is neglecting.
“The roads in Garo Hills from time to time have been the subject of discussion on the deterioration and lack of roads and what is more interesting to know is that even the roads in the Constituency of the Prime Minister also never repaired.
Indian Navy divers face many problems inside the coal mines in terms of equipment, air pipes or exhaust pipes; The Navy NDRF personnel have been forced to recover the body.
On the same occasion, the Minister also launched the Drug Free Meghalaya App, handed over Drugs Detection Kits to the Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF), honored NGOs, private sector and the ANTF. They also talked about their hard work in the fight against drugs and released the song “Turn the Tide” by Khaki Vibes.
He said that some candidates for the examination have come to meet him to ask for clarification whether it will affect the examination tomorrow but he explained that it will not affect anything.
Regarding the allegation that we have not distributed the foodgrains to 36 households, this allegation is untrue and unfounded because every month before the distribution of the foodgrains, the village is called. you are not able to play.
“Bah Prestone's statement that the small parties who have proposed to support the MDA government led by the NPP will be sent to the bus stop is a very expensive statement. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Sandondor Ryntathiang.
However, the High Court has ruled that this certificate is meaningless as there may be more than 50,000 students in Shillong alone.
I am only interested in my own political party".
Regarding the participation of this player in the tournament, the report said that Lekhara has lost the chance to win the gold medal in the shooting competition. 10m Air Rifle Standing SH1 Finals.
At the same time, he said that the union will soon appeal to the DMHO department to answer why the appointment has been made without following the proper procedures, for the appointment of a well-founded and benefiting people. everything.
The match was long, as no winner came from either side, and 30 minutes were given in addition to the 90 minutes; However, no one won and it should have been a penalty.
Bynnud said the State Government should not hesitate to invest in the famous and old cement factory in Sohra, Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) even if it costs Rs 1000 crore. .
The action of the Assam government is very dangerous because it shows its violence on the land within the border of other states.
It is for this reason that the post of Prime Minister has been taken over by the Garo people.
As part of the Model Code of Conduct, the DEO & Chairman MCMC has informed that no advertisements, appeals, songs, flags, signboards, flexes, posters should be published. , banners and other forms of advertisements to be published in print, distributed, or broadcast on TV, radio or otherwise, relating to the General Election to the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly , without prior certification from the Media Certification and Monitoring Committee, from the office of the District Election Officer, Jowai.
Speaking to reporters, Carmo said that according to the SSA, there are 13,000,000 children with disabilities in Meghalaya, but only 53 teachers have been trained. to teach such children.
We will have to think again next year so that the government can set a date so that there will be no complaint to anyone,” said PB Sylliang.
It has been almost five years since the demand for the eviction of the residents of Them Ïew Mawlong has been revived, and until now it has not reached anywhere.
The result of this is the sympathy of Mother Nature to mankind through the shortage of water until it is extremely dry and due to the lack of water, it is impossible to operate the resources to produce water. electric ding.
KHNAM, therefore, complains that this is a violation of Article 16 of the Constitution, which stipulates the equal distribution of employment in government offices and the KHNAM, alleged that this action of NEIAH, is unacceptable, as it has left many youth unemployed in the state. foreigners to do these jobs, which people from the State can do.
Thombor said they have also been able to pay the loan of the CWD department for the year 2019-20 and the remaining T.7 crore out of T.14 crore.
There have been 572 new cases of COVID-19 in Guwahati today, of which 380 have been confirmed in Guwahati alone.
Those who know or recognize the deceased have been asked to collect the body within two days.
The statement of the MDA ruler that the MLA used to cheat every election and that the voters believe and obey every time shows the decline in the value and price of the voters. other constituencies of the state.
The two residents who supported the ASHA are Kong Ribiang Najiar and PynsakhiatÏeini Kyndiah who handed over T.13,000 at a meeting organized by the Loopyrdi Iongpiah Dorbar Shnong on Wednesday.
In the first quarter final, Madan Thadmuthlong beat Mookyrdup 4-0 goals. Precious Tang scored three goals in the 42nd minute. 59 & 74 in the 45th minute.
Speaking at Mawtawar, the MLA said that his leadership of the CE is to build a stadium with galleries, a synthetic track for the race and other facilities to be on par with the grounds. can be played up to national games.
Giving the sermon, Fr.Teibor said that the fire is a symbol of meaningful change.
From Ri Bhoi district, the dances are the Nguh Meikha Dance, the Rah Women's Dance, the Bhoi Lasa Dance, the Krud Kba Dance and the Ïapngar Dance.
However, as the reporter could not find anyone who was working on the construction site, it cannot be said that it was a border crossing by the army, although there was a suspicion from the side of the army. go and stand in that place.
Nongstoiñ: Nongrim Hills SCC beat Assam Regimental Center FT in the second quarter final of the Rani Motor's Knock Out Football Tournament (RMKOFT). The meeting was held on Saturday last month at Mawkynjoin Laitkseh Stadium.
Nongpoh, July 18: Although parents have a great responsibility to the family, especially their children to guide them in the right path, but parents also have a great role to play in shaping the society. Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh on Father's Day.
What is more interesting and encouraging to us voters is that young people who have the right attitude and position in the Rynsan VPP or Voice of the People's Party.
He said that the second phase of the boundary will soon be resolved.
As soon as the MDA government took over in 2018 under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma of the NPP, it started to stir up strict rules against non-government teachers.
Wankiroy Surpuh (83) scored the first goal of the match.
It is also a devaluation and a violation of the precious teachings of the Holy Scriptures if anyone misuses them.
In fact, this tank should be clean and its water should be fresh, but as we have all seen, its water is exactly like a septic tank.
The MCTA shall not be subject to any illegal laws.
bly you have a reason with this Bah if you have a reason please meet him face to face and tell him those reasons clearly face bly don't mislead the people of Meghalaya.
About 92 villages in the Selsella area have been affected by the floods and about 30 villages have been severely affected.
Regarding the road to the village, Bah Banteidor promised to create the means to implement it.
After these matches, the Women's League will continue its Group A tournament from 3rd November where Laitkor SC will play against Kick Start Football Coaching Center from Lawei Smit SC will play against PFR Academy at 4:15 pm.
Tennydard's case was heard by Basava Prabhu.
Mumbai: Shiv Sena leader Sanjay Raut has been admitted to Lilavati Hospital in Mumbai today after suffering from a stroke.
As it turns out, there are many people who don't think about money at the time, they wait for money to vote, and once they get money, they cast their votes on the day, without the need for that candidate. but they thought that the one who gave the money was the best.
“We were surprised to see the name of former MLA Simon Siangshai who passed away how he supported the Public Hearing which was postponed three times after the opposition of many political parties and the people,” said KS Suchiang and He added that out of the 280 members, only a few opposed and many supported.
They must tell us who did it so that we can understand that their statement is true.
According to the source, the incident happened this morning at about 10:00 pm and the incident happened while the youth was building a house. the signs of the electricity supply in Mawlangsu.
The Minister was accompanied by Commissioner Secretary Fedrick Kharkongor, Director Wanri Booth and other officers such as Kanchana Koch and D Kharjana.
The members stressed the need for education and urged the parents and the elderly to pay special attention to this area for their children.
Home Minister Amit Shah on Tuesday approved the release of Rs 6,194.40 crore to 19 state governments under the State Disaster Response Fund (SDRF).
“Wow you mom! “I don't want to turn to the works of darkness,” said Larisa in surprise like a frightened person.
In this regard, the district administration has allowed Bah Nongrum and Samla Warjri to hold a strike at the site.
At the meeting, the government also decided to introduce new fares for passengers staying at Meghalaya Houses in Delhi, Mumbai, Vellore, Kolkata and Guwahati.
The tribes and Himas of Meghalaya have also signed the agreement to join India as an independent nation under the Constitution.
Special ones who will not only bail them out but also protect them.
In addition, the truck will be prosecuted according to the rules of law on the smuggling of coal.
When they won again and took office, only a few appeared in the war of the nation.
Shillong, Naitung 21: Three robbers involved in the kidnapping and murder of Bah Coniwell Thabah, owner of a car shooting factory in Mawlai Nongpdeng, have been arrested on Saturday.
The All Jaintia PWD Association (APA) has elected its new office bearers at a public meeting held on 26/3/22 at the Community Hall Khliehriat West.
“It happened on Thursday and yesterday was a holiday, we have not had any discussion with the party,” said Bah Dkhar.
These students expressed their dissatisfaction that the Waheh Shnong Act 2015 has been passed by the Waheh Shnong Act It does not clearly state or prohibit the Dorbar Shnongs especially the Waheh Shnong (according to the Sanad) from participating in political activities or elections and this is why they issue decisions against the rights of the citizens.
“I am talking about the HSPDP MLA Renikton L Lyngdoh who has told us that he is in the RDA so they need to cooperate with other members of the RDA,” he said.
He also informed that the VPP will look into the problems of the students due to CUET and to provide centers in the State.
Batskhem scored his second goal in the 50th minute and Ricky Mawlong scored the last goal in the 59th minute.
Until now, only government offices, large groups and private individuals, especially the small ones, have not been given land in the city.
The officers said that the workers had worked hard all night until 4:00 pm to rescue Bah Marshall but despite the hard work which lasted for 24 hours they could not find him.
The Prime Minister said that no exact information has been given yet but tomorrow they will confirm to the families of all the people on board the plane.
Two persons from Morigaon have tested positive for the virus, bringing the total number of cases to
Ïewpomtiah Sports Social and Cultural Club won a cash prize of 20,000 tyngka along with a trophy while Mawpynthaw Sports Social and Cultural Club won a cash prize of 10,000 tyngka.
Shop owners should ensure to observe social distancing by standing at a distance of 1 meter, spraying disinfectant in the shop and following the instructions on how to clean, sneeze and wash hands with water and soap.
JOWAI: The East Jaintia Hills Drivers Association (EJHDA) has renewed its office bearers and members at the election meeting held on Saturday at Mookhep.
To attract the attention of the students, a short documentary film was also shown on the state of the environment these days due to the lack of mankind to appreciate and respect its blessings.
She said that at the meeting on 26th June 2023 between the Jowai Municipality and the Waheh Shnongs, she was able to reach an agreement in some areas.
It would have been better for Conrad to speak in Hindi, so that the Governor could understand.
In the second leg, Pasyih Cultural Sports Club beat Iooksi Youth Welfare 3-1
“I urge you, the supporters, don't lose hope or be discouraged.
Because of the Minister's speech, the Syiem of Jirang Hima had to clarify and prove that the village belongs to Meghalaya.
God wanted to send His Son from the Jewish nation of Israel.
“I also take this opportunity to appeal to the residents to let the law do what is necessary and to refrain from spreading false information especially on social media,” said Prestone. He also assured that the police department is doing everything necessary to find out the facts of this incident and to give a fair trial to the injured.
“When asked, Bah Metbah said that there is no candidate from the RDA yet. “We have not discussed the name of anyone in the RDA but we will announce in due course, which we will discuss at the meeting. to be soon," he said.
The sale of Hima timber is no longer recognized as if there is no law, it is sold and transported not only in trucks but also in motorbikes, auto rickshaws and bicycles which carry every day. The sawmills or the quarrymen and the quarrymen carry the wood when they return home in the evening without any restrictions.
A speech was also delivered by Ms. Ebiangmidaka Kharshandi ANM Nongthymmai UPHC on the topic “Health, Family Welfare and Nutrition”. Shillong, who spoke on the topic of “Social Issue” related to the dangers of drugs and alcohol abuse in which he explained to the children, what drugs are and what are the harmful effects of drug abuse. in the use of drugs and the impact on the family, society and also that in these days the spread of this type of alcohol.
Vandana Diengdoh Sub Inspector of Sohra PS urged the youth not to get involved in alcohol, drugs and other substances. drinks that are harmful to health and are also the destroyers and worst enemies of man.
The government's inability to use the 6 acre land is due to the initial plan to move the TB Hospital from Mawprem to Umsawli.
Dozens of foreign tourists have been attacked by protesters during a rally against unemployment organized by the FKJGP from Motphran to Iewrynghep Square, Laitumkhrah, Shillong.
The most important part of the Behdieñkhlam is the delivery of rot to the Aitnar Lake by the Kmai Raij including Iongpiah, Dulong, Panaliar, Loomkyrwiang, Chilliangraij, Loomiongkjam, Tpeppale, Iawmusiang, Ummulong and Shillong Seinraij and the Seng. Khasi Mother.
On the same day, the Minister also distributed the appointment letter to the Village Data Volunteers and handed over the work order for Bio-mining at the Tura Landfill at Rongkhon Songital.
Shillong, March 22: The second fish market in the city organized by the government has been very successful today.
“As a mother you must be a mother to stand up for the country and the nation, if mothers are like that, where will the country and our children go because our sons are “It is the sword and we, the mothers, are the stieh to protect our country,” said Kong Marweiñ.
Besides, police said that there may be others involved with these three, and therefore, the investigation is ongoing to find out those others.
The concealment of the names of the infected persons has caused confusion and shock among the people as these people have been walking around Khliehriat, the District Headquarters of East Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: Not only the Khasi people but also the Garo people are opposed to the government's plan to set up a base of the ANVC-B in West Khasi Hills.
Shillong Lajong FC beat Mawlai SC 3-1 on aggregate in the first leg of the Shillong Premier League, while Rangdajied beat Shillong Lajong FC 3-0 2019 MSL Championship.
He said that the Nongpoh Town Committee expects the government to take action to bring the incinerator in Ri Bhoi and the Nongpoh Town Committee expresses its satisfaction that the Minister of Urban Affairs Affairs, Bah Hamlet Dohlieng, promised to take action and implement this need of the people in Ri Bhoi how to reduce the production of waste which affects the environment, he added.
After taking the foreigners to the police station, the police took them to Umsning CHC for Medical Test at 8 pm. RBYF leaders and doctors inside the hospital, after they found that the working methods inside the hospital were very wrong.
In 2020, when there is no fight against COVID-19, the state government has promised to open and implement this trauma center. The Trauma Center is still under construction and has not been implemented as a Trauma Centre.
U soh, which is just like anything in the sky.
Meanwhile, other residents, especially those who have been sealed, will try to deceive the villagers by blocking the hills and rivers, to get money.
Among the individual players, Kishan Lyngdoh has scored 695 runs in nine matches and two centuries in first class cricket.
On the occasion, Mukul said that although Meghalaya is small in size, it has great men and heroes like Tirot Singh, Kiang Nangbah, Pa Togan Sangma and many others. contributed to the independence of India.
He said that Dr Khonglam is the last number in any government formation, because in 1983 when he won as an MLA from the HSPDP, she formed a government with him. Bah BB Lyngdoh and at that time Dr Khonglam, he understood that he had received recognition from the people, but the government did not recognize, because the former MLA Bah SP Swer received his share, while he He is only an MLA, so together with Bah Rowel Lyngdoh, two members of the HSPDP have left the HSPDP party and joined the Congress party to form a government. as a Minister of State and during the time of Dr Khonglam he has brought about many development projects that the people themselves know about.
Bah Sniawbha said that at present, when tourists come to Jaintia Hills, they come and go without benefiting the people.
Two more persons from Tripura have been arrested by the police with more than 66 kilos of ganja seized from their vehicle in East Jaintia Hills.
Don't be afraid of the people, lest the time come when such schools will have to be closed down.
WJH failed to bat first, after Tura District Cricket Association had the opportunity to bat first and scored 125 runs in the first innings.
President Gotabaya Rajapaksa has revealed his mismanagement of Khadar rule during a meeting with 17 newly appointed ministers today.
The All India Football Federation (AIFF) has announced that July 23 will be the birthday of Pradip Kumar Banerjee. , as the AIFF Grassroots Day.
Urging the people of Meghalaya not to ban the Congress, Ronnie said the people of Meghalaya should not forget that Meghalaya, the District Council, NEIGRIHMS and even the 100 days scheme. and NREGS, the Congress government.
In her long speech, the NEHU lecturer highlighted the benefits of including the Khasi language in Article 8 of the Constitution and the dangers if that the Khasi language has no place in this schedule of the Constitution of India.
After the greeting, the people accompanied Kong Anges to her home on Bymfyle Road near Shillong College.
“The police will continue to do this to prevent any crime,” the source said.
Shillong Lajong have set a record by winning 11 matches and losing one of their 12 matches to set a record this season and win the best team title.
He said that the Committee can also invite any members to participate in the meetings of the Committee if it deems necessary.
When they have received the Epic, the Shnong will say how they are not the voters of 19 South Shillong.
Bah walked alone and came to a friend's house.
According to media reports from Delhi, Meghalaya will have a coalition government, which means that a government of three or four political parties will have to be formed.
The entry fee for teams who wish to take part in this tournament is 3,500 tyngka.
This incident has shocked the public, as it is the first day that the teachers of Pine Mount School, which is a prominent school in Shillong, have held a protest.
In the petition, the Forum said that the 25 villages inhabited by the Khasi are Nongjrong, Moorap, Mynriah, Madan Myni, Mooriap, Syrlong, Laher, Umsalait, Mynju, Bandein, Mooknor, Khyndeliar and others. Moophar, Moopud, Lum Moojem and Madan Nangkylla.
Kyrmen together with Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh, MLA Mawphlang, visited the house where four children lost their children in Nongspung.
Kuwait (Sarah Alhawal, Talal Alrashidi) 0 (145); 3.
Not only that, it was said that because their house was farther away from others, it was easier for the neighbors to hear, but after the neighbors heard the noise, they ran away. They found that the four brothers, although they had left the house, were still standing on the ground floor. The neighbors went to rescue them. There were no injuries to these four persons.
Shillong: The FKJGP-East Jaintia Hills District today lent its full support to the Dorbar Shnong Thangskai, 31st October 2022 to immediately shut down Dalmia Cements Ltd for not believing in the demands of the village. immediately ban the burning of garbage or import of garbage from other states within the boundary of the Dorbar Shnong.
He has been ruled out of Sunday's Super 4 match due to a hamstring injury.
The Minister said the State Government wants to discuss this issue at the MDA meeting and also at the meeting with the political parties.
“The bank will give more time to the farmers to service the loans they take," he concluded.
However, when children become bad and rude, sorrow and pain will happen to the parents.
On the other hand, Nitin Sharma, Member of the BoG, IIMS, praised the MOU signed as it will open up the opportunity for the students of Nagaland to participate in the IIM umbrella without having to compete. The Common Admission Test (CAT).
That is why salvation came to the Gentiles from the Jews.
God through Daniel has already said – “Seventy weeks are appointed for your people and for your holy city (Jerusalem), to make atonement for transgressions, to forgive sins, to make atonement for your people. unrighteousness, to bring forth eternal righteousness, to fulfill revelation, and prophecy, to anoint the Most Holy One (Jesus) Daniel 9:2
There is also a struggle in life because they say that they have turned into a ship or have done something wrong. This is something wrong on the part of the mother in order to teach her children. the community.
The fourth Ordinance is on the Amendment Bill 2023 and the Amendment Bill,
“What the Congress leaders have said is that we were not invited to the meeting because we are still Congress MLAs. “It's a sad thing,” said Dr Ampareen.
On the other hand, Pradyot promised to work together on many issues related to the tribals in the region.
They didn't see anything on that road, there were liew lep, or bsein or any other difficulties and so they prepared in advance to face those obstacles and taught the people to be brave and not to back down. .
The meeting was opened with a prayer by Rapbor Nongrum, Secretary KSU Mawlai Circle.
Any athlete who wishes to participate can obtain the forms from Ms Economic Medical Hall, Police Bazar, Ms Stylecraft, Ms Shillong Club Ltd.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 18: The Union Minister of State for Law & Justice and Rural Development, Prof. SP Singh Baghel on Tuesday visited Ri-Bhoi District. To encourage the officers of various government departments to continue to work hard and to see the progress of the District in terms of development works. does not develop.
The question is whether malaria has disappeared from Meghalaya.
One of the witnesses who saw Wilungbou firsthand told police that he too was an invitee to the party, and saw Wilung, who works with a BPO company, rush towards the place and rynsied inside the house.
Members of DAY-NULM women's SHGs were taken to the Water Treatment Plants (WTPs) to understand the procedures for providing clean and safe water to the households.
This means that after those 1260 days, there will be 30 days of extra time for God to allow Satan. 1260 days+ 30 days = 1290 days.
Speaking on the occasion, the Secretary of the Village Council, Omin Pohlong said that the Shad Rong-kusi is held every year by the Dorbar Shnong in order to bring about unity in the village. especially to preserve the customs and traditions taught by the ancients.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Dasakhiat Lamare, Minister of Transport, HB Nongsiej, Minister of Water Resources, Bah Israel Ingty.
British and American experts believe the invasion will last only 24 to 48 hours and will hit only a few key bases.
The land in Them Metor belongs to the government except for the school building and the church building which the Syiem of Mylliem Hima has sold.
Besides these heroes who received the title “Mar”, there is another hero of Jaintia Hills who received the recognition of the Syiem of Jaintia Hills and who received the title “Mar” whom we have not seen. he will enter the books and many of us don't know the story about him.
The public meeting will start from the 30th of this month at the DGP office from 11 am to 2 pm.
The Chief Electoral Officer, Bah FR Kharkongor said that all preparations have been completed for the polling at the polling stations in 59 constituencies along with the strengthening of security forces.
Therefore, that is the kind of office that has been inherited.
The word 'Equitable' as mentioned above allows parents to give who, how much between their children, both men and women.
We are not saying that the government is not doing this work but we want to take this work forward”.
Therefore, as the government cannot force the parents or the school authorities to reduce the traffic jam in the city, the government cannot stop these buses. at the Inter State Bus Terminal (ISBT) in Mawiong since they were launched in July this year.
Speaking to reporters, Rajnath Singh insisted that if Pakistan tries to destroy India by using terrorists or their terrorist activities, it needs to look into it. understand and do what is necessary in this regard.
Local police are different from foreign police.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03 : The United Democratic Party (UDP) has announced that it will nominate another candidate for the 2023 MLA elections from Mawphlang Constituency. he refused to run again.
West Garo Hills Police have confirmed that they have raided a prostitution camp in Tura and rescued five children and arrested 73 people involved in prostitution.
The paitbhur are lying in the thylliej to deceive the wise and the foolish.
Indeed, this greed of our fellow countrymen from the rulers to the people has destroyed and suffered the nation.
However, he said it is necessary to face and deal with the common problems in agriculture.
It is surprising why Tarun Gogoi, the CM of Asom, has been waiting for Meghalaya to go to the Supreme Court.
Jowai, June 11: The Sengkhihlang has announced that the Sengkhihlang will hold the Sengkhasi Seiñ Raij Youth Tournament on 16/04/2023 at Shong Kyrphei. the Khasi Third Circle.
The total number of people infected with Covid-19 in India has reached 4.46 crore or 4,46,86,611 as of Sunday morning. Secondly, the recovery rate of Covid-19 patients has risen to 98.80%.
The voice of the people of Khasi and Jaintia Hills is strong to accept this Amendment by the Governor.
forward.
“We want to say that the election of any leader, the election of any leader is my right and yours each and every one, it is up to us to decide whom we will elect but don't I don't think that this time to elect those office bearers, our legislators will be the time for us to blame or blame each other, don't allow other nations to laugh at us. “If only through elections, we could have united our people,” said Bah Roykupar. “If only through elections, we could have united our people,” said Bah Roykupar. The question is whether there have been those various laws that the people in power can make.
She also informed that the PNB will enroll about 100 girls for the purpose of receiving financial assistance of about 3,500/- tyngka per month for their education until they complete class xii.
Speaking as the chief guest, Caramai Kharkongor, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, Mawkyrwat said that wealth and gold are of no use if we don't have water and water is the most important thing in life.
“Speaking to media, Bah Kharkrang, who is also a retired police chief and applied for ticket from the BJP to contest the Shillong North election, said, “This unemployment is a problem. They are from matriculation to Degree or Engineer.
Diogo Jota scored 10 goals for Portugal in the 67th minute to give Germany two goals.
Between 1921 and 1922 during the presidency of Warren G. Harding, there was a serious corruption in the oil industry.
When asked when the date of the next meeting will be set, Pariat said that nothing can be said yet, but the date will be set at another time especially after the shortage of these meetings. movement, he went on.
“At the time of the establishment of the Health Recruitment Board, the recruitment of doctors which had been delayed for five years, could be completed in only three months with the establishment of this new Board,” he added.
According to a statement from TUR, the shooting of foreigners, non-Khasis and non-Khasis, whether from day labourers, drug dealers to Hospitals, contractors who deliver equipment and food to the homes of people, in some villages of Shillong are very busy these days.
He recalled that the HSPDP is the party that fought for the Hills State where his father joined with Bah Rowell Lyngdoh to fight for the Hills State. “It's a good idea to have a Hills State election from the HSPDP, but the policy has failed,” said Sawkmie. Other speakers on the occasion were the Deputy Commissioner of SWKH. Chairman KHADC, N. Syiemiong Syiem of Mawharam Hima and others.
“The mouth is the gateway to the body, whether it is sweet or sour,” he said.
“We have received a lot of support from all quarters.
NESO Chairman Samuel Jyrwa said that from time to time the civil society groups have demanded from the central government to remove the military bases from Shillong and to return the land they have taken. confiscation to the rightful owners of these lands.
There are currently 1,23,03,131 cases in India, 1,15,25,039 recoveries, 6,14,696 still infected and 1,63,396 deaths. .
After being beaten by two goals, Chiehruphi SYWSC struggled to score and succeeded after scoring in the first half through Sa-o-Bareh 23, who didn't score. You won the gold medal through a penalty.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Ranjit Shekhar Mooshahary, has recently issued a directive to the university to comply with the rules and regulations and to complete the university before 10th July. fails to follow, shall be deemed totally unwilling to correct the errors.
“It is a tireless work, a tireless effort, a lot of challenges among others”.
The people in power should be able to decide on the allocation of the population in the state because they are adults, not children.
The gross Good & Services Tax (GST) revenue for June 2023 is T.1,57,090 crore of which CGST is T.28,411 crore, SGST is T.35,828 crore and IGST is T.81,363 crore. T.41,772 crore and collection from imports) and Cess T.11,489 crore (collection of T.1,057 crore from exports).
The Rangbah Shnong said that the main reason for the incident was because there were six people who incited the people. “They understand that if they allow to hold a meeting, the people will understand. to heat up so that we can't hold meetings," he said.
According to the General Secretary of the KSU, the worst thing is that it has affected the children from poor families.
He joined Blue Max and later played for Lajong FC. As an athlete, Bah Frankie led the state to the Senior National Athletic Championship held in In 1991, he competed in the Nehu Inter College Athletic Meet.
We can see that the Government has constructed more than 3000 km of roads in rural areas in the last five years alone.
Those subject to the 5 percent tax are machined fish, cream, skimmed milk, powder, branded paneer, packaged jhur, coffee, slasha, jingber, pizza bread, rusk, sabudana, alcoholic beverages, coal, medicines, Stent and Lifeboat.
In 1950, she married Ringli Thongni and had four children.
Some of the key components of the NEIIPP 2007 scheme include 100 per cent tax exemption and tax exemption on goods produced by factories from this category as well as subsidies and small grants.
Police have arrested two women identified as Lucy Pamai (50) and Wangdi Pamai (40), both from Dimapur. 400 gelatin sticks of dynamite, 48 boxes of detonators and 100 rounds of fuses.
It is learned that this happened while the father of the child was on his way to khwai and the brother of the child was also on his way to visit his family.
This comes after the Ministry of Sports of the Central Government on Tuesday gave permission to take part in the tournament to be held in November in Hangzhou, China.
He said that the Meghalaya government has refused to provide information on the availability of unmined coal.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Bazaar Bus Association (KHBBA) will hold a meeting on the 24th June 2024 at Umtyngar on the way to Pynursla and Sohra.
Shillong: The Cabinet of Ministers of India, under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has approved the increase in the allocation of food items under the Pradhan Mantri Garib Kalyan Yojana (Phase IV) – about from November to November, 2021 with the distribution of 5 kilos per person per month to 81.35 crore beneficiaries under the National Food Security Act (NFSA) including those who don under Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT).
It is learned that the application form for the new scholarship has already been filled out and sent to the state education department but surprisingly even the old scholarship has not been received yet.
Speaking to reporters, Secretary of Shillong Buddha Temple Arup Barua said that although Buddha Purnima is an annual celebration, this year the importance of Buddha Purnima is different because of the world. You have been infected with Covid-1
Chayanika Sarma, Psychiatrist, has spoken about the discouragement of many people these days, due to covid-19 and therefore, advised many not to feel discouraged, in those who and advises the parents to guide their children properly during these days of pandemic, in which they should spend time in their studies. .
The BJP-East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday visited Tuber Shohshrieh to seek support for the election of the NPP candidate Dr. M. Ampareen Lyngdoh from the NDA. The supporters of Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh have decided to work together to win the MP election. The supporters have also decided to work together so that Modi can come back to power once again and can complete the election. the works that remain.
“We have also received financial assistance for the whole year.
In the language we read today for the Khasi people we don't have any other book to explain about Heaven, but the Bible is one and perhaps the only book that explains about it.
According to the report, the children and grandchildren of these four women have grown up and some of them are still living in Mawlangwir, some of them have settled in Nonglang and Mawkapiah and some of them have left the village. Initially, the Marweiñ tribe is the most numerous and prosperous in all aspects in Nonglang and Mawkapiah.
He said that if they build this new road, it will destroy the income of the meat farmers from the tourists who pass through this village and it will also affect the agriculture. The land for the construction of the new road will also include farmland.
The party is surprised to see that the project has been left without any attention since the election of Ma Justine Dkhar as MLA of the constituency. Ma Nehlang, who is the MLA of the constituency, was surprised.
Then he told Ksan to pack those crops to take to the house of Kni.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The AJYWO Central Body (AJYWO) has transferred the Block from Khliehriat to Wapung and renamed it Wapung C&RD Block. The MLA has been arrested on his decision, according to a statement issued today.
According to the agreement, MeECL should install a 500KV transformer, and the need for a strong transformer is due to the fact that the meat processing plant will consume more electricity.
One incident occurred due to heavy rainfall which lasted for about three hours on the morning of July 13, 2013, a man was drowned in a river near the road. National Highway 6.
New Delhi, June 10: Sixty-three out of 70 Congress candidates including senior leaders Ajay Maken, Kiran Walia, Haroon Yousuf and Yoganand Shastri have lost their security deposits in the Delhi MLA elections. in which the AAP won a landslide victory.
In the BA Pass, 34 candidates passed and 33 candidates passed, which is 97.06 percent.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Synshar said that although he is not a student of this school, he remembers the childhood days when he used to come to this school to attend the exhibition schools. the Sohiong Presbyterian Church.
On the other hand, Bah Metbah said that seven members of the HSPDP and five members of the UDP have joined the RDA, and now the strength of this synrop group has reached you 15 people.
Similarly, as in Meghalaya, the army has blocked even the roads and footpaths of the people, this happens in every part of Shillong and other places where they have that soldier's camp.
Up to 19 women took part in the competition.
However, the 2018 protest was intense and turned the Motphran area and surrounding villages into a battlefield due to the attacks on the Khasi people by the Harijans of the Metor area.
“It is regrettable that an intelligent Legislator has made such an unfounded allegation against the journalists on the grounds that they are giving false news and alleging that the journalists of the state have been bought. “They will write news,” said the statement signed by SPC President David Laitphlang and General Secretary Powell Sohkhlet.
“This is the first time that paragliding has been held in the state and it is also an opportunity for Meghalaya as we have large and beautiful mountains and places suitable for such sports,” he said. said Mrs. Alvie.
“The investigation is ongoing to identify more people involved in this incident”.
As the World Cup final has increased in number of spectators, the price of accommodation per night has increased to T.2 lakh for five star accommodation. -star) in the city, while other residential buildings have also increased in price by up to nine percent.
The authorities have set a target of completing up to 12,000 km of roads this year.
Shillong: The War Jaintia Students Union (WSU) Amlarem has expressed its concern for the residents of the border areas.
In the second half, the players of Rongdop SC, who worked hard to turn the tide, but due to their better skills, improved their skills and especially the players of Rongdop SC. Umsawkhwan SC, which left Rongdop SC unable to create anything to score and which led them to lose by only 1 goal. -0.
We have been watching closely and we will not sleep and we will ensure that the rescue of the group will never happen,” he said.
There have been 55,079 new cases of coronavirus in India in the past 24 hours and 876 deaths.
The Rangbah Shnong of Khatkasla, Rikmen Sungoh and the Rangbah Shnong of Psiar, Menita Synnah immediately informed the District Administration. They rushed to the scene where they were stopped and driven away by the Assam police and their employees.
“We have been skud land in Assam in Langpih and other places bordering Assam like Block I and Block II. He said that the government should allow the people living on the border to choose where to go, to Meghalaya or Assam to resolve the issue. he pud you sam.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Meghalaya Joint Action Committee (MJAC) on Thursday lodged a complaint with the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma on the allegation that the management of factories within the border of the state The smuggling of coal and ore to the coal mining factories in East Jaintia Hills District.
At first they raise the temperature; however, as the surfaces dry, they become less thermal.
The petitioner said that Sanjay's election as MLA was illegal, and in violation of the Constitution and other laws, and therefore, urged the High Court to accept the complaint.
The mother said that since the evening of the 4th Sunday, Tyngshaiñlang had left for a walk and had not returned home.
Poor health, rain, wind and sun strike and affect health and many kinds of diseases are common and affect especially children.
Besides being poor, the people depend on the agricultural products sold to earn money to buy food.
After this, it was only a dream to send them back to Jowai Sub-Division.
He urged for peace because without peace and stability, it will be difficult to bring about economic development and attract people to visit the state.
This comes after the completion of all the District Level Athletics Meets in all 12 districts.
Mansa Najiar is the daughter of Marleki Najiar and Felix Pakynteiñ, residents of Nongmensong.
Phidalia has submitted her reply to the government recently but at the same time, she has offered to resign completely because she said she is not happy to work in the situation. boring.
By the term tribal I have included not only the tribals in Meghalaya but also those in other states in India and especially myself.
To any person or persons, the children of their brothers or sisters are considered children and grandchildren.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 18: Sying is a crop that is popular among farmers in West Khasi Hills and grows well in remote areas such as the border villages with Assam, from Muliang to About 80% of the villagers live by farming sying and synsar.
Abhishek Kumar took five wickets as Meghalaya beat Arunachal Pradesh by eight wickets in the first match of the 1st North East Inter State Friendship Tournament. Nagaland today 29th October.
Last year at Amazon Smbhav 2021, Amazon announced that up to $250 MM of the Amazon Smbhav Venture Fund will be invested in entrepreneurs.
Therefore, we demand that the government should take over this issue and stop the supply of water to the traders,” said Bah Treiborlang Suchen, one of the leaders of CoMSO. Mawkyrwat, General Secretary of the HSPDP, Renikton L Tongkhar, who is also in the MDA coalition government, said that the MEMRIWU strike has affected the people. the government should solve this problem.
An 85-year-old woman has died today, the second death from COVID-19 in Gujarat.
Pynskhem Dkhar scored the goals in the 3rd minute and Damehi Dkhar in the 18th and 54th minutes.
Therefore, if he is allowed to criticize that the VPP's flag refers to the Prah of West Bengal and not to the Prah of the Khasi, then others have the right to criticize that. The Kot, which is the flag of the NPP, is the Bhagwat Gita, the religious book of the Hindus.
The truck was seized at 11.35 pm last night.
Not only that, but the police should also state in their statement that they have arrested these people on the complaint of the government and the charges against them.
At the same time, the equipment used in the mining and other items were recovered from many places where the illegal mining was taking place.
The economic growth of the country has increased to 8 per cent but the slowdown has created difficulties in implementing the development programmes,” he said. “It is not the fault of the government but the Congress and the Communist Party,” he said.
Her first appearance abroad was against the New Radiant WSC of Maldives in the FAM Women's Football Championships in 2014, alongside Oinam Bembem Devi and Lako Phuti Bhutia.
The village, which falls in the East Khasi Hills, has been without electricity for three months.
Replying, he said that there are many people involved in helping to smuggle cows to sell abroad. They are the people of the Khasi Hills, but they too have a hand in this for their own benefit without taking into account the problems of the people.
“I am an MLA as well as a resident, I feel the need to come, and if Bah Ardent comes then we can talk and I come as an MLA of the resident because I have a concern, a responsibility. I have the right to come and ask him to stop the protest.
“On this occasion, the Minister of State, Bah AL Hek visited the school.
MePGCL appeals to all the residents to take action on this issue. Furthermore, the residents are requested not to stand too close and cooperate with the authorities.
Remingtone Pyngrope, UDP MLA from Mawkynrew, who has been Deputy CEM for the past three years, and Titos W Chyne, MLA from Sohra, who is also a former MDC. They are the two leaders of the UDP, who lost in the last MDC election.
The public awareness campaign of the PHE department across the state on the implementation of the Jal Jeevan Mission on the theme, 'Wam Ka Jingim' will become a spectacle of dancing and drinking if the department does not respond. to the Dorbar Shnongs who do not push to maintain the water wells in the villages.
The NFU tied for 128 runs and were bowled out for 8 wickets in 20 overs. Aasif Khan scored 30 runs from 19 balls and Raj Biswa 21 runs from 16 balls. Binay Kumar took 3 wickets for 16 runs in 4 overs and Hiraj Rabha took 2 wickets for 25 runs in 4 overs.
As soon as he arrived, all the supporters of Clement were shocked by the loss of the leader they had just elected.
He hoped that the members appointed by the government would be able to give advice for the benefit of the community on employment.
Shillong, Jymmang 04 : The 25th Kiew Pyneh Rngiew of the Lum Sohpetbneng Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie has been held on the clearing of the Holy Mountain of Sohpetbneng. and the paid of the Bri U Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep.
According to him, the Council also intends to use computers in the accounting of all the revenue departments of the Council.
Opposition Leader Dr. Mukul Sangma said he had heard that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government has not appointed teachers anymore and accused the government of misleading in all aspects.
The purpose of this initiative is to improve the skills of students by focusing on the rural areas, thus improving the employment opportunities through the training programs of The company is known as the Toyota Technical Education Program (T-TEP).
In the same way you can write Rd.
Every year on the 7th of July, the Khasi in Dimahasoa district of Assam from all over the villages hold a gathering of Khasi para Khasi known as Sngi Lumlang. this day only in their respective villages or units.
The number of cases in urban areas is 65 percent, while in rural areas, 35 percent.
When asked, Rymbui said that the central government should take measures to resolve this issue immediately, where until now the central government has not paid monthly. However, it has been paid for four months and if it pays monthly, it will reach T26 crore per month.
However, after 13 days of rain, the water level has risen to 3186.33 feet, which means the water level has risen to 21.38 feet.
Shillong: The Leader of the Opposition from the Congress, Dr Mukul Sangma today demanded that the government should not amend the body or the principal of the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act (MRSSA) to implement first and then see if it is necessary to introduce amendments to this Act, which was created to curb foreign entry.
Shillong, June 04: U Bah Ardent Millar Basawiamoit, President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), on Tuesday said that he would like to ask Hamletson Dohling, former MLA of Mylliem Constituency, to I have gone to the Lokayukta to investigate the MLA Scheme, which I have been an MLA from 2008 to
It is to be recalled that nine teams have participated in the 2022 season, including Umphyrnai SC, Lawsohtun SC, Smit SC, Nongthymmai SC, Nongrim Hills SC, Imson SC and Sawmer SC. Shillong Lber 27 : After many Congress MDCs in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) have joined the National People's Party (NPP), the Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong has said that the party has joined the National People's Party (NPP). He said that as a party with its own foundation, it will hold on to the soskular that even if the MDCs of the NPP reach 16, 17, 18, 19 or up to 20, the party will not take over the rule from the United States. The UDP and the United Democratic Alliance (UDA) will continue until the end of their five-year term.
Nongpoh, Nailur 15: One of the youths with disabilities who cannot walk and stand like others, u Samla Pairing Pale as one of the elderly people with disabilities He appealed to the state government to look into the problems of those with disabilities.
There are only members of the Catholic Church and the Church of God (Assam-Meghalaya) in this village.
This Cell was set up with the aim of providing more information to the Police Officers.
We don't elect the Prime Minister in advance but the people will decide and the Prime Minister will be elected by the voters.
After a while, while the union was waiting for the responsible persons, the police arrived and took them to Mawlai Police Station for further investigation.
“I appeal to the contractors on this day to work in such a way that the roads should remain intact.
On Saturday night
Last year on 29th July 2018, the Assam government had planned to build an out post at this place.
Don't be afraid like the Israelites.
Don't wait for others because the more you wait, the more traffic will increase and those problems will remain in the problem.
If the leaders who should have done their duty, we would not be sitting here fighting for this cause.
Raymond Kharjana, Education Secretary, KSU Central Body, said, “As youth, you will face many challenges and struggles on your journey.
In 1269, Borhill began under the Raid Mawshun, while in 1270 to 1272, the border of Borhill extended to Raid Mukertila.
It is not the duty of the people to request the police to work in such a way that the people can trust them.
He said that on this portal, there are about 3.4 crore applicants and 8 lakh employers in the country.
NASA has prepared its most unusual spacecraft for the journey, which will begin in 2020 and work is underway to achieve its vision.
Speaking on the harvest of soh, Captain Sangma said that many trees have been cut down during the past 10 years.
Members of the union also banned the permanent employment of any foreigner who works on contract at NEIAH. At the same time, the union has warned the management of NEIAH especially the Director that if they do not dismiss If you don't have this foreign country, you will have to take a strong responsibility.
This is a government school so it should not charge tuition.
In fact, if there are many jobs required to work in this office, the government should create many posts for the benefit of the youth job seekers and the convenience of the people who visit this office. needed from time to time.
On the other hand, Bah Kharshiing urged that there should be a meeting of the Hima Dorbar, which should be held once a year. an.
The NE Zonal Selection Committee (NE Zone) has met in Guwahati on July 4, chaired by Naba Bhattacharjee, Zonal Convener, NE Zone, to select the 15 players after reviewing the records. statistic and other players from six states who have played well in the BCCI senior tournament, especially in the Ranji Trophy and NECDC tournament, in the 2022-23 season.
The question is whether the garbage collected from all over Jowai is broken or transported.
In his personal opinion, Rahman said that India from now on will have to stop sending bad films to compete with other countries and needs to choose good films to compete. in this rynsan.
Besides, the BSF has also conducted public awareness programs to raise awareness and preach on the importance of cleanliness.
“A complaint has been lodged regarding the incident under the NDPS Act, and legal action will continue,” the source added.
These youths were led by Bari Pyngrope.
Jowai: In order for the residents of the Dorbar Chnong Khimusniang to hear with their own ears the grounds on which the MDC candidates of the 19th Jowai South Constituency stand to inform the public, the village has decided to vote with one voice. The Committee has decided to hold a one-day Common Platform Meeting on the 21st June, 2019 at the Indoor Sports Hall of the Dorbar Chnong Khimusniang Jowai at 6 pm.
The work done on urban connectivity in India today is unprecedented.
Some of the speakers at the meeting were the Sordar of Raid Lyngkyrdem, Bah T. Rynjah, the Sordar of Raid Wahkhen, Bah S. Khongjirem, the Secretary of Raid Shabong, Bah Hambul Khongthaw and Other elders also expressed their concerns about the problems faced by the traders, quarry owners, and the people who have earned their living from the mining industry. the law is forbidden.
It was also informed that a Blood Bank should be set up in the district so that in times of need blood can be provided to those in need.
“Yes, the NOC has already been issued by the KHADC for the railway line from Tetelia to Byrnihat and the land fee has been paid to the land owners.
Nikhil Shylla scored for Lion in the 30th minute and Banker Lang Dkhar in the 53rd minute.
Dr Vijay Kumar, IAS, Commissioner Secretary, Sports & Youth Affairs, V. Argawal, IAS, Director Sports & Youth Affairs, Bah Finely Pariat, General Secretary, MSOA, Ian Campbell, Edge 10, IAS, who is also the President of the Archery Association of Meghalaya.
“Expressing his regret that the party could not win up to 31 seats, Prestone said, “However, we swear to work hard for the people of the state.
It was witnessed that the storm has destroyed heavy trees and electricity posts which has caused power outage in several places in Jowai on Friday.
Dear fellow countrymen, ask yourselves, should we lose once again this grammar and writing system of ours today?  Many of those who have learned, because of negligence or ignorance, don't understand that they have followed like those who don't know and don't know how to spell. bha (with respect to those who didn't go to school well but tried to write as much as they could although sometimes it was wrong here and there: May God help – bless them).
It is through the government led by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, that the 90-year-old Indian Forest Act of 1919 has been amended by the British government to remove the trees planted here from the Indian Forest Act. provisions of this Act, he added.
Several examination centers were also found and parents were waiting outside the examination centers and hoped that there would be no incident during the examination. .
In this regard, HITO strongly condemns these two persons who attempted to take the life of this fellow member and demands that the authorities of the law to arrest and punish these people. They demanded that the law enforcement agencies should arrest and punish them according to the rules of law.
Many of the colleges that have agreed with NEHU have decided to merge with NEHU.
Furthermore, the KSU has announced that after receiving information from some church groups that there is a prayer meeting, the KSU has announced that the night curfew will start. from 10 pm instead of 9 pm as announced earlier.
The four-day tournament, which started on July 1, was attended by 138 children from 16 schools including Jowai and Shangpung.
Ralanda, Swamp, Lawrence.
Police told the family members to take him to Shillong and the family members did as the police told them and took him to Rynjah Police Station. Bansara was taken away by the police and later the family members received information from the police that Bansara was dead.
Shillong: “Foreigners have received NOC to buy land on the border,” said the President of the Mahila Committee, Ringku Moni Marak of Pillagatta Village, Killing Ribhoi District. to reporters today.
Media reports said Russian missiles were seen on the Ukrainian border on Friday night near the city of Dzhankoy, the capital of Ukraine. Crimea, which is located 12 miles from Ukraine.
It is strange for a mother to say to her children, “Children, tonight let us all sleep together in the same bed so that if a bomb falls from the Israeli ships we will all die together and not (quoted by Rashida Tlaib) Pentecost reminds us of the descent of the Holy Spirit who comforts and empowers us so that we will be able to rebuild society.
From Kali, tyngkrong knives were found which are believed to have been used to cut meat when coming to the toilet.
Shillong, July 18: The General Secretary of the Voice of the People (VPP) Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon on Tuesday said that if he thinks only of himself, he doesn't need to come forward to contest for the post of President of the party. He said that it is because of the spirit of watching the situation of the state that does not allow him to be a watcher.
This is the wish of Bah Monarch Shabong to know more about the patients.
Regarding the incident, Bah W.Syiemiong Sordar of Mawduh Village, while talking to reporters, said that the incident happened this morning at 10:00 pm. She didn't have any of these children at home and there were only these children of hers, both brothers.
In a meeting with reporters, the Nongsynshar Shnong of Upper Shillong recalled that Bah RV Lyngdoh himself had said that if he cannot remove the MUDA boundary in Upper, Shillong will resign as Minister and MLA. It may be recalled that they have said that if he does not resign within the 30th, they will go and make the matter public so that the people will not face any problems.
It is obvious that the village authorities cannot prevent this seizure of power from those who belong to the “jonglang” who should be owned and shared.
As a Cardinal, he attended the elections of Pope Benedict XVI in June 2005 and Pope Francis in October
Shillong, July 11: The heavy rainfall in the past few days, has revived the Pung Umïam River which has started to ring tyrkhong due to the fall of water due to the tyrkhong of the sky in the past few months. rail.
Therefore, we strongly condemn this person who has unfoundedly accused the Hill's Farmer Union of being a 'Dalal' without knowing exactly the principles of operation of the Hill's Farmer Union. u, otherwise the organization will give strongly.
The Prime Minister said that the main expenditure incurred to fight against the disease is the increase in testing facilities, the construction of corona care centres, the installation of ventilators and the installation of facilities. to quarantine health workers, to purchase protective equipment, ambulances, sanitization and assistance to residents living outside the state to return to the state, to provide food for those under quarantine, to assist day laborers.
“(We) urge the Government to release our funds within a reasonable timeframe as delay in release of funds leads to delay in implementation of the scheme.
Shillong, Nailar 05 : Roikhihbha Nongtdu on Saturday scored the last goal of Christiano Ronaldo in the 5-0 win over Langsning FC. Malki SC beat OC Blue in the Shillong Premier League (SPL) 2021-22 at the Third Ground, Polo, Shillong.
In the mid-term elections, the HSPDP candidate won with 11,189 votes, beating the Congress candidate Gabriel Wahlang who came second with 8425 votes. vote.
HM Shangpliang, MLA Mawsynram, spent T.25 lakh to buy food items and other necessities; Gavin Mylliem, MLA Sohra, has spent T.25 lakh to buy rice and other essential items during the curfew; Hamletson Dohling, MLA Mylliem, spent T.25 lakh to buy rice and other essential items; Adelbert Nongrum, MLA North Shillong, has spent T.25 lakh to help the victims of covid-19, SK Sunn MLA, Mawphlang, has spent T.25 lakh to help the victims of covid-1 I'm not sure if I'm going to be infected with covid.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: After the Governor of Meghalaya has approved the nomination of Congress MDC Gabriel Wahlang, the majority of MDCs in the KHADC has increased to 15 MDCs. The PDF has 15 members, and if you count in the House, the ARPA has become less paid because it will have only 14 members, because Teilinia Thangkhiew has become the Speaker, while the PDF will have 15 members in the House. council.
“At present, the talks with my leaders are still pending and the final decision is not yet taken and between the NPP and the NPP, the talks are still pending and we have already taken a decision,” said Bah Hamlet. the state while speaking to the media.
I was tested for coronavirus on 29th November 2020 as a precautionary measure before I started my work at Bethany Hospital.
The incident in Jammu and Kashmir has also been a threat to the eastern part of India.
There are only two stadiums in Ri Bhoi, Pahamsyiem and Kurkalang, but the stadium is available and the condition of the stadiums is not sufficient. Especially during the rainy season, these grounds have turned into handmade grounds due to the lack of improvement or to do according to those grounds which can host sports games.
Speaking on the occasion, Edar said that when he saw the crowd at the VPP meetings, Edar said that when he looked at the social media, he saw the crowd at the VPP meetings. When he contested for MDC at that time, he won the election even though there were no people at the time of the meeting.
“We understand that without water, even if they have a lot of wealth, it is useless because water is the most precious thing in our lives,” said Bah Pius.
So Lydia's father sent for her daughter.
Shillong, July 27: The three leading political parties, KSU, FKJGP, HNYF, RBYF and JSU, have decided to continue to push for the implementation of the ILP, the resolution of the border and other other.
Mawkyrwat, July 28: It is a job that causes a huge loss of income in many areas whether it is during the rainy season or during the dry season due to the increasing lighting. “When the rain comes with heavy rainfall, they say that the dam (Damsait) is too full of water and when the rain comes, they say that There is too much water”, this statement comes from time to time and whenever there is a power outage.
At the same time, he said that the problem in resolving the Langpih sector is because the Nepalis who have settled in the area want to go to Assam.
He issued this decree because he knew that on the day of his death no one would mourn for him and so he ordered to kill them so that there would be no mourning in the city. Jerusalem and Palestine.
Applications should be submitted to the office of the Officer Commanding, District Training Centre, Home Guards, Nongstoin near JJM Nichols Roy Secondary School, Mawkhlam-Nongpyndeng road during working days and hours.
Besides, Amlanai has received 3 km, Darrang 2 km and Sohkha Mission, Lamin, Thangbuli and Demthriang will also receive sanction.
Through RTI, it was found that he has cheated and deceived us the illiterate residents, because from this 12000/- tyngka the office has released for the benefit of the residents to get a better toilet. bit kha Baban, which is also part of the government's goal to improve the livelihood of us the rural people, but from this 12000/- tyngka there are households who give 6000/- thousand along with There are those who receive less than 6000/-tyngka, there are those who receive only money without equipment, there are those who receive only equipment without money, and there are those who receive nothing. these 381 households, which has caused many confusion and uncertainty to the people.
The KSU has come forward to help the affected families as part of its support and cooperation in the fight against COVID-19. Besides this village, the KSU has also helped many villages in the past few days.
In the men's category, Given Warder Lyngdoh of Mawlangwir won the title and Kapani Mao came second.
There was also a road collapse on the road from Mawphlang to Balat which falls under Mawsynram C&RD Block.
On the other hand, the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, said that through this group or forum of leaders on the fight against HIV/AIDS, the leaders can take steps to hold public awareness programs in this regard with the participation of various groups within the community.
Apart from the school books that are specific to schools, young children should also be taught story books, novels, magazines and picture books appropriate to their age.
He said he was the chairman of the committee in which all the parties of the MDA government had come together and taken a decision to nominate Dr Kharlukhi.
On the other hand, the Chairman of the KHADC announced that the Executive Committee led by Bah Titos as CEM has collapsed due to the loss of votes.
: Former Shillong Lajong FC player Phrangki Buam has chosen to return home after playing for four prominent and big clubs in India including Bengalura United FC, FCGoa, Mohanmadan SC and Real Kashmir.
The music was composed by Shanshan Suchiang and sung by Shanbor Langstang and Daphi Suchiang.
Shillong: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has given 10 days to the GVK Emri to pay the salaries of its employees.
And the LORD spake unto Elijah, saying, What doest thou here?
Shillong, Nailur 23: UDP MLA Paul Lyngdoh has lodged a complaint against the second in-charge of Jhalupara police station, S Momin, for allegedly shooting and beating Malcolm Dkhar. from Lum Skshaid, Lower Maw on Monday evening.
He said that this is only to mislead the people and to convince them to follow the party.
Mayralborn Syiem, suspended Congress MLA, has also decided to contest from the UDP after the Congress party, which he won on his ticket, was temporarily suspended due to his decision along with five MLAs. I support the MDA government led by Conrad Sangma.
Among all these, only Kyntiak was the closest in knowledge to Ksan.
Experts say that one of the ways to fight against COVID-19 is to build immunity by eating a variety of foods.
Shillong: The Senior Selection Committee of the Meghalaya Cricket Association (BCCI) has selected 15 players to represent Meghalaya in the upcoming Vijay Hazare Trophy, Plate Group. from the 24th of this month in Dehra Dun.
The Supreme Court of India has decided to set up a committee headed by the former Chief Justice of the Supreme Court to resolve the issue.
The Synod also expresses its gratitude to the Dorbar Shnong Mission Compound who have taken the initiative from the Village Authority and the residents who have helped and provided temporary shelter in the hall of the Dorbar Shnong for the hostel children. and they prepared it for the step.
PROVIDING HEALTHY FOOD : The food they eat also plays a role in the appearance of children's sleep.
You can protect the rights of women.
As you can see, India has had a strong desire in the past few months.
His family members have lodged a complaint at Jowai Police Station on 28th June
Bah Rowel said that doctors should serve without any expectations for the poor and go to the rural areas without hesitation.
“This is a violation of the right of everyone to vote by the insurgents who have been involved in harassing and deceiving the voters in these villages,” said Samla F Kharkamni, president of KSU NKHD. Re-District.
Earlier, Chief Secretary Yeshi Tsering said that the roads in India are not good and the claim that good roads will reduce accidents is not true.
SGH is one of the worst performing districts in terms of education, the department is currently headed by Rongara-Siju MLA Rakkam Sangma.
The day will begin with a Holy Mass at 10.00 pm where the first communion will be offered to the children.
In this age and century that we are living in now around the world we are talking a lot about what we call “Climate Change or Ecological Crisis or Ecological Imbalance.
The DGP also appealed for the cooperation of all the people including the media to cooperate with the police so that the people can know and better understand the dangers of drugs.
I don't know what to do," said the Father.
don't be afraid of the poor.
The NZC has also announced that NZ will play three T20Is against the UAE in April on their way to face England in the 2013 FIFA World Cup. the ball is white.
It was only after 20 minutes that Ryntih started to score by continuing to pass the ball in front of the opponent's goal.
Therefore, the union demands that the government should not delay and should open the branch immediately.
He said it is up to the government to expedite the setting up of the Town Vending Committee so that it will remain the same and the traffic jam will continue.
Rgh Pranshon Jala, President of the Sengbah, said that last year, the Sengbah was faced with a pandemic, in which the Sengbah was filled with sadness and anxiety, until the duh thiah duh dem.
Speaking at the Rozgar Mela organized by NEHU, Shillong, the Minister said that the Government is looking forward to various measures to curb the unemployment problem.
In the quarterfinals, Se-Lajong FC beat Iawpaw FC 1-0, Azriel SC beat Khliehmawlieh YC 3-1 and Lamare SC beat Ïamonlang FC 4-1 Nongbri Brothers FC beat FA 4-2
A case has been registered at Lumshnong Police Station and a case has been registered under the NDPS Act.
Divyash Joshi took three wickets in three overs while Saptarshi Chakraborty took one wicket in three overs.
He said that the working president of the UDP, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, is accustomed to misleading the people.
When we were discussing recently between Pynshngainlang's group and Pius' group to decide who would be better suited to fight among them, when the discussions were well heated and both sides expressed their views, the group of Pynshngain points out that Pius is younger than Pynshngain.
He said that in the District Council, Christmas is near but the employees have not received their money yet. They have been facing problems for 3 years. “We have talked to all the NPP MDCs who have agreed to remove him from the post of CEM,” he said. Conrad, I don't think it's a good or wrong decision, and Conrad K Sangma is a ruler who rules by force”.
The challenge ahead is to make the youth a group free from selfishness, a group that respects the way of life of others, respects the religion and culture of other nations.
On the other hand, u Bah Shangpliang said that in the education department there is a shortage where by 2020 many teachers will lose their jobs, lose their salaries and the deterioration of government schools in the country. HM Shangpliang urged the MDA government to look into these issues.
However, other blocks which did not appear in the budget speech of the Prime Minister, such as Sohiong Block have already been opened.
“Sometimes people now elect only a person who has a main and a strong leader,” said Bah Khongdup. “The 6th Scheduled should protect the minorities but now they fight politics only for themselves.
Earlier, Dr. Mukul's brother-in-law Daryl William Ch Momin had contested the 2014 MP election against Purno A Sangma but was defeated. and Miani.
Khasi Shop.
Of course, when it's too late, she stops listening, but that's elections.
The absence of the Acting Officer has surprised the people who were waiting at the Maraikaphon Dorbar Hall and who later moved to the office of the Syiem of Sohra.
“The heavy rainfall during this Lyiur season has damaged many crops, destroyed roads, bridges, houses and livestock houses and also took away the lives of many people and livestock.
In this regard, the Central Government said that although there is a violation of Section 377 of the Indian Penal Code, the complainant cannot admit that it is the right of the person. that they may marry men or women.
It also supports the efforts to regulate the customs and traditions in writing and by law, according to the demands of the times.
Finally, he urged those who used to set fire to the mountains to stop and think carefully because only one stick of fire has destroyed the mountains and rivers and puts the future in danger. .
“The owners of the houses should also get the certificate from the police before leaving the house,” said the president of the KSU. He said they also discussed the government's setting of entry and exit points.
They also know how to act without love or greed to sacrifice for the sake of the country and the nation.
The area has been in a state of shock all night, the report said.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah PN Syiem said that the people of Mawkynrew Constituency are very fortunate to have a young candidate who is also a villager and whom the people know and know. recognize all within the entire Constituency.
He said that the party through the alignment organizing body will have to take action on this issue as it will affect them severely, as recognized by the government and follows the rules as directed.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah M Kharkhrang, said that these robbers were involved in the robbery of trucks from Mawiong area and they were arrested while they were trying to rob the trucks but one of them escaped. flee the car they use.
She also asked why the complaints are slow to be registered and why the police do not take action when there are complaints filed by people.
Therefore, don't let our nation turn away from God, because if you turn away, the cursing will come.
The BSF is on duty to ensure that smugglers do not have access to smuggling on the border with Bangladesh. .
The aim of this group is to strengthen the illegal HNLC.
We are quick to break the law but at the same time we talk about the old customs and traditions which we have forgotten.
It is difficult for the government to create immediate solutions to this problem because the government also lacks funds and even people, but the Blueprint should be in place so that it can be followed and implemented. with the availability of financial capital.
It is in this way that we cannot develop the true identity of anyone or any person whom God has given.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 92646 with 89994 recoveries and 1554 deaths.
Shillong: The Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of Meghalaya, Bah FR Kharkongor, on Tuesday said that the EVMs are secure and cannot be stolen.
“Recently, the Prime Minister mentioned that the dome of the new Legislative Assembly has collapsed due to the excessive weight of the building.
Speeches were also delivered by Father Richard Majaw, Vicar General, Shillong Archdiocese, Rev WC Khongwir, former Moderator of the Presbyterian Church of India, Nabha Bhatacharjee, President Central Puja Committee, Mukhdar Hafeez, Second Imam Bilal Masjid. .
Shillong, March 14: Heavy flames have destroyed the house of the Singhanias at Thana Road, Police Bazar on Saturday.
Shylla, therefore, appealed to the BJP leaders, to cancel the plan to mine uranium in the state, because if this mining happens, the blame will be on the state. The BJP party and to be like the violent rule, which the Dohlieh ruled over the Khasi Hills hundreds of years ago.
Those who were present at the scene said that there were three strong explosions in the church, which happened during the Tuesday prayer, which is also the prayer. the greatest of the Muslims.
JHDS is the executive department of the District Council, Jowai to assist people in the community.
The KSU also supported the demand of the MECF that the electricity department should first explain to the public in different villages like Mawkyrwat, Ranikor and Mawsynram so that the people and village leaders can understand the operation of the company.
Also asked about his relationship with the Wagner chief who fought against Russian troops during Russia's war against Ukraine, Putin said Prigozhin was he was an intelligent and talented man, but it was all the fault of his thinking, that he came to fight against his own government.
On the other hand, the clothes vendors said that as soon as they moved into the new place at Garikhana, the market for clothes has declined because the people don't know the place well.
They reason by saying that this means faith in religion or church.
He said that the same meeting in the past years, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma has been invited and now he will lead the state to Switzerland.
In 2019-20, 10,237 km of road has been completed, in 2020-21 13,327 km and in 2021-22 only 10,457 km has been completed.
“The Congress is a new titanic and the captains are also new and that is why I chose the Congress rather than the NPP,” he said.
He also referred to the visit of the Chief Minister, the Governor and the CEM of KHADC to Iewduh and said whether there will be a question, “We want to see whose politics is stronger, whose politics is stronger? Lat, the prime minister is the CEM,” said Bah Adelbert.
The Lapangap Village Authority has also opposed, but has decided in another voice on the 12th of this month where the leaders of the Lapangap Dorbar Shnong have expressed their readiness to allow the construction of the Assam road from Tahpat. Assam to Khanduli, Meghalaya through Langkeroi Village if the Assam Government does not complete the construction of the road from Khanduli to Lapangap through Langkeroi Village.
The UDP supporters are now turning to the party leaders if they stand on that basis to turn first to those who are not already in the party and those who are qualified to lead in Delhi should choose one of the two.
Again, the devil taketh him up into an exceeding high mountain, and sheweth him all the kingdoms of the world, and the glory of them;
Besides, Assam is now standing across the border of Jaintia Hills to strengthen the border.
At the rally at Madan Students, Jaiaw, the crowd, who attended the rally, spoke against the bill and shouted “No to CAB, yes to ILP” and Three girls have died today after drowning in the Buridihing River in Tinsukia district. Their death was while they were still shooting themselves.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU), the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) and the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) on Tuesday held a meeting to discuss the issue. On the 24th of November 2021, a vehicle belonging to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, suddenly arrived in front of the Secretariat. The members of these various organizations have shouted loudly their demands.
He said that in a meeting with the DC, the union has been informed about the non-functioning of the Infiltration Check Gate at Byrnihat. The search lasted only a few minutes, including the Night Super vehicles coming to Assam. The search lasted only a few minutes. Please note that you may not have anything behind it.
The four candidates are Sitting MP Vincent H. Pala of Shillong Seat, Robert June Kharjahrin of Shillong Seat, Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon of VPP. and Prof. Lakhon Kma who is contesting as an Independent Candidate.
Shillong, July 22: Up to 44 government offices have been allocated by the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) in New Shillong Township.
“TUR also strongly condemns the violence against women and urges the Meghalaya State Women's Commission (MSCW) to take necessary measures to direct the District Administration to take action on this incident.
It is for this reason that we should look carefully when we look at the development of the community.
At the opening ceremony, the chief guest congratulated the youth for taking this step as part of the awareness campaign against the evils of drugs which is also the theme of the game.
However, when he arrived in Shillong, he suffered more and more, not only because he was not treated; However, he had to complain about the negligence of the hospital authorities.
It is because the Khasi are the Jait and the Kur are the Kynthei.
However, five of these MLAs denied Chaudhury's claim.
Honor the rich according to what he says, even if it is against the will of God, without walking in the narrow path and the field of humility, doing it with pride and wealth.
The Best Discipline School was awarded to St. Michael & All Angel Secondary School.
There is no provision in the MMA Rules, 2021 for the Expert Committee to look into any incidents that deserve a refund,” said Bah Adelbert.
Many political leaders including Home Minister Amit Shah, Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad and Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal have written on Twitter to express their condolences. leader.
With this partnership, these private healthcare facilities will also be able to provide the best quality care at an affordable price.
The union also reminded that Laitryngew PHC serves 10,555 residents of 25 villages and 3 Sub Centres, but it is surprising that this PHC does not have adequate medicines.
“This is very important, which I have said for a long time,” he said.
“After this, I will not hesitate to lodge a complaint with the Consumer Forum to demand justice,” said Bah Lyngdoh. and July.
The Seinraij Mynso has completed the Behkymphui festival, which is held every year before harvesting the rice and harvesting it.
Because our hope is in the living God and not in the book of fate or in those other gods, O Lord, you are my hope.
"It was held smoothly without any incident, which was held on the 26th November 2013 from 10am to 4pm.
Go Back TMC", or "Go Back.
The same person who works as a supervisor at Linkquestquippo Infra Ltd (Pipelines Telecom) from Mairang to Patharkhmah has also threatened to dismiss several Khasi youths who work at the same company.
Later, there was a plan to establish the Shillong Medical College, but the loss was to the people as they did not benefit anymore.
He said that the area falls under the jurisdiction of Umsyiem Village, as it ends at Dawki Bridge and in times of riots and incidents, Umsyiem Village is in charge.
They were chosen to be Leaders, remember that you came to the altar to be preachers, you were chosen to go and preach, to proclaim the message of salvation.
said Reachingson Siangshai, Secretary General of the Central Body.
Speaking on the occasion, David Kharsati said that most of the people had turned to the Congress, NPP and UDP but now they have understood and that is why they have joined the BJP. He also criticized the Congress party's allegation that the BJP is a party that hates tribals and Christians and bans the consumption of beef. “We all know that the central government does not ban beef. This is only the allegation of those who have no issue to criticize the BJP, but it is the BJP that supports the people, who encourages and supports “Isn't it the BJP, is it the BJP against the people,” said David Kharsati.
The Meghalaya High Court has decided to remove the teachers from the demands of these MDA leaders and to allow them to participate freely in political activities as before. Their joy should be given a little praise and thanksgiving.
Maysalin War and Roshan Warjri have also been Ministers and have fulfilled their duties properly.
The participants in the song include Khasi singers and tyngshops, Banatimon Mawlong, Florentina Sun, Rangkynsai Lynshing, Wanbhabok Kharnaior, Medonkupar Kharnaior and Edward Marquis Kharnaidu.
The TMC MLA from Nongthymmai said that the party has not yet taken any decision on the MP-Lok Sabha elections but as a party it will contest from both the parliamentary seats – Shillong and Tura. parliamentary seat.
Disparsing said that in previous years the government had reported that it had received T.76 crore from Delhi but when he searched for RTI he found that the government had received up to T.119 crore from Delhi. At present, the government still has T.43 crore from Delhi.
Hypothyroidism is a type of thyroid disease that occurs when the thyroid does not function properly.
In the men's football category, Kharkhana UP School won the title and Pasadwar UP School won the women's football category.
However, when it comes to the market places, the same people who come from the villages and townships who have learned, who know how to clean and not to pollute and but who are clean. It has been found that people only know how to clean only at home but in the market places even if there are no garbage dumps they don't know how to use them.
His father was Oswald Thyrniang and his mother was Priska Marweiñ (both have passed away). He was the eldest of five children.
“Even 10 tyngka that the Government of India has spent on this project will generate hundreds of tyngka later and this will increase the income of the state,” he said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13 : Assam have qualified for the final of the Mixed Team Championship after beating Arunachal Pradesh 3-1 in the final of the Mixed Team Championship. Saturday at Jawaharlal Nehru Sports Complex Indoor Stadium.
The state Cabinet on Thursday approved the proposal for acquiring 50 acres of land for development of tourism infrastructure at Nongmahir Lake in Ri Bhoi district.
In rural areas, 18,45,542 people have received foodgrains and in urban areas, 3,03,4
Nongpoh: The 4th Ground & Pound MMA Fight Night 2019, which was held at the District Library Hall in Nongpoh, was very interesting and exciting. Mixed Martial Arts athletes from all over the country, including Manipur, Assam, Shillong and Nongpoh, came to participate in the competition. competitions.
Shillong: U Congress MLA from Gambegre and Chief Whip of the Opposition, Saleng A Sangma has urged the Government to take immediate action against the high price of commodities in the State.
Hanssen, 79, was arrested in 2002 and sentenced to life in prison for spying on the Soviet Union and later Russia for nearly 20 years. .
However, it is also necessary to look from the perspective of the foreigner to understand the nature of the nation.
aided colleges/schools) may participate freely in political activities as they wish regardless of political affiliation.
Delina said that if the DGP does not approve, she will send him back and if he does not approve, she will send him back to Delhi for trial.
how do you do it.
Explaining the history of TB, Prof GK Medhi, HoD Community Medicine, said that the eradication of TB in the country within the next 30 months is a goal to be achieved. the phang of the health of the people.
It is the right of every man, therefore, to have what he needs to live.
In two complaints lodged at Pasteur Beat House on 26th July, a 13-year-old girl from Golflink Khlieh Shnong and a 15-year-old girl from Pynthorbah were missing.
The revenue collection of the states through VAT on petrol and diesel has increased significantly.
Requesting the DC, the KSU and the Narpuh Village Leader demanded that the NHAI and the authorities in charge of the road should ensure the construction of the road from Mynkre to Malidor within 7 days.
In reply, the Minister of General Administration, Rakkam A Sangma said that the land donated to the Government for the construction of the building of the Civil Sub Division is 11.864 acres. The Sub Division has been operating under the supervision of the SDO of PHE. The State Government has issued a certificate to the students that they have increased from 2 to 70 students. buses that it has prepared as part of reducing traffic congestion in the city.
However, in a survey conducted about 20 years ago, it was found that 40% of young researchers and 25% of students said that Ri Hynniewtrep should be independent from India, while the majority of churches said that it should be independent. grant to the Khasi Hima the rights, powers and status under the Constitution of India.
After this there was another ritual 'Knia khlam' performed by the Langdoh and Chutia in which the name of the ritual was 'Iaknieh Yandem'
On the other hand, the State has more than 72% of its population under 35 years of age.
When the police found that they were smuggling illegally without producing proper documents, they registered a case at Umiam Police Station and charged them with illegal possession of illegal drugs. 120B/ 420 of the Indian Penal Code.
“The number of deaths of poor mothers has decreased significantly following the introduction of the Rescue Mission and the Chief Minister's Safe Motherhood Scheme (CMSMS),” said the District Medical and Health Officer (DM&HO). East Khasi Hills, Dr.A Lyngdoh.
The maximum temperature was 17.3 degrees Celsius, the lowest 7.0 degrees Celsius, Sohra 19.8 degrees Celsius, 8.9 degrees Celsius and Umiam 22.7 degrees Celsius. and the coldest temperature was 4.6 degrees Celsius.
According to the Minister of Home Affairs, 152 people have been killed, 14898 people have been arrested and 1,108 FIRs have been registered since the violence began on 3rd June.
Bollywood star Shah Rukh Khan launched a new stamp commemorating the 130th anniversary of the Bandra Railway Station in Mumbai on Tuesday.
VHP spokesperson Sharad Sharma said, “We don't need to delay this issue.
The trial against Jesus Christ began and ended at the Sanhedrin because Pilate, the Roman Governor of Palestine, refused to have a hand in the execution of Jesus Christ and refused. to take responsibility- “...Pilate...took a little water, and washed his hands before the multitude, and said, I am innocent of the blood of this just person: see ye to it. This is what you do! The whole crowd answered, “His blood be on us and on our children!” (Matthew 27:24-25).
She has lodged a complaint with the Sadar PS police that these buildings disappeared between 2006 and 19th October.
He said the Governor published his post as a private person from his Twitter account, not from the Governor's office.
He said that after these incidents, the feeling is to pay salary to an employee who refuses to do her duty, it seriously affects the atmosphere in the office as a whole and it is on this basis that the salary has been suspended. She was also posted to the Conservation Training Institute, Byrnihat on 8th November,
“I have received information that Danggo will not resign today.
Speaking to reporters, Community and Rural Development Minister Hamletson Dohling said he would seek the truth from the Deputy Commissioner and Block Development Officer.
Mawkyrwat, June 27: The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, C.Kharkongngor, IAS has issued a public notice that according to the Notification Order of the State Government dated 26th June, African Swine Fever (ASF) has been reported in Umshorhor village, Umsning Block, Ri Bhoi District.
The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) on Friday received complaints urging it to take action on an incident in Manipur on 4th June in which two women were raped while another of them, she was raped by the crowd.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills, Pravin Bakshi, has announced to pay T.3 lakh as compensation to the family of Bittu Kumar Patel, who was shot dead in a petrol tank. Pump at Bokmagre, located on the outskirts of Tura.
Mehta said the state government was ready to expel them, but now they have clashed with the villagers in the state.
Samroi Syieh, 25, of Khimusniang, Jowai was injured.
The Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDS) in collaboration with the NABARD Office, has conducted a five-day training on how to Oyster Mushrooms can be grown in their own homes.
If you are at home or inside shelters such as homes or offices, shops or places that are not safe during a thunderstorm, these should be followed to avoid danger. .
“There are 137 posts of Specialist Doctors in the state for the past few years.
and the Philistines laid hold on him, and put out his eyes, and brought him down to Gaza, and bound him with fetters of brass" Judges 16:4-2
He also paid tribute to the village leaders who have taken the initiative to carry out the responsibilities of the school and even held a fete to fill in the many shortcomings.
He did not speak a word about the future of the Khasi States in the Constituent Assembly.
“I asked my brother but he said he had nothing to do with Arbor but Arbor forced himself into my brother's house and stabbed him,” said the brother. .
The 35 households said that the land was handed over to Assam after the boundary was settled through an MOU last year.
The meeting was conducted by Pharki Papeng Finance Secretary, Michel P. Mukhim Sports Secretary and Vice President Chanbor War. Kickboxing players to continue to grow in this sport, as a way to encourage other youngsters of the community.
Furthermore, the KSU demands that after the meeting with the District Administration of West Jaintia Hills and West Karbi Anglong, they should submit a report on the demands at the meeting. .
The meeting was attended by hundreds of NPP supporters and was held at Block-VI of Upper New Nongstoin village. Block, they have been able to welcome new members.
“When asked, Titos said the District Council has set a rule that women can be members of the Village Development Councils (VDCs).
Marbaniang said she produces 300 napkins a day from her workshop in Riangdo.
In short, the book is small, but it contains great symbols of knowledge of the long-kur long- jait in the Bri u Hynniewtrep.
Therefore, he stressed that as brothers and sisters, we should share that responsibility for the society and when we share that responsibility or cooperation, we can really develop the country and the country. our people in all respects, he added.
All the batsmen of Ri Bhoi included Banialam Mylliemngap for 34 runs and 18 balls including four 4s and two sixes, while Dev Rai and Jeffre Chyrmang were the top scorers. East Jaintia Hills Cricket Association (EJH) will play against West Jaintia Hills DCA in Zone 1 Group B today. Garo Hills DCA will play against Tura.
Nongpoh: An empty truck driven by Bantei Kynjing, Shillong, has collided with a Bolero and collided with a truck parked on the roadside. aksien, has caused the injury of three people.
Speaking to Rupang by telephone, Bah A.Nongpoh, one of the leaders of Bah Julius, confirmed that Bah Julius will continue to contest as an independent candidate.
However, it is reported that in the last few years the number of tourists visiting these areas has decreased significantly and there are only a few tourists.
Mairang Police have registered a case under case number 21(10)2018 U/S 376 IPC and Bantibor has been arrested and sent to the High Court. .
The purpose of these commercial vehicle drivers is to encourage others to come forward for HIV testing so that they can know their health status and not only HIV. President of these drivers associations including Bah A.Ryngkhlem and Bah H.Rymbai said that it is good to conduct such tests and as the associations they want to show that they have the responsibility to bring about the welfare of the district and also to make the district free from HIV and other diseases.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Shester Thangkhiew, said that after thinking about his wife, he started a small project to beautify this place in Nongmahir by planting trees, building a house with siej. lasted now three years.
Unfortunately, many drivers violate the 'No Entry' rule by not observing and respecting this provision.
He said that the government's action on the VAB is just a scientific ploy to allow the Ward Commissioner election to be held. Uranium is not harmful to the public.
Once the authorities are no longer afraid, their threats will also disappear.
He said that in the past there used to be a Central Sponsored Scheme (CSS) from the Central Government, but now all these are gone and on these issues I often meet only the Director of Education, u added.
The elders were welcomed by Bah P Langstieh in the presence of Bah HDR Lyngdoh and other office bearers and supporters.
They work in various fields from market, driving, selling slippers, clothes and many other jobs, buying silver in the villages and some of them sell gold jewellery, steal and rob and so on.
The Dolloi of Jowai Elaka, Puramon Kynjing, said that the preparations and completion of the Behdeiñkhlam festival have been going smoothly.
Pdengshakap SS beat Sawlyngdoh HSS 2-0 while Moodymmai SS beat St. Claret SS Phramer 2-0 in the tie breaker.
Not only that, the union also demands that the government should set up a Special Court and Fastrack Court in West Khasi Hills District so that the refugees can get a fair trial especially those who fall under the The Protection of Children from Sexual Offenses (POCSO) Act, so that the thieves who rape children can be punished as soon as possible, said Kyrshan Marbaniang.
Even now or even during the MP elections in June-June, 2019, this party cannot be counted on and will always have more hope of winning because it is in power. .
AIS SujaThe Jews asked, “Are you the Messiah?” Is Jesus the Messiah? The reason they asked this question was because they did not believe that Jesus was the Messiah they were waiting for.
Furthermore, it was decided that the Pnar residents can now go back to farm in Karbi Anglong from the 21st of this month.
Margaret Pathaw has once again won the silver medal in the open weight challenge after representing India at the IFBB Mr Universe Iran Armwrestling Championship. The exhibition started on 15th June and will last until 19th June at Ramsar Iran.
Thus this passage says “That our Lord is our stronghold” and if we human beings are experiencing difficulties and sufferings in this the world, if we turn to Him, if we turn away from Him, we will be saved from these dangers and sufferings in this world because He is our stronghold.
To create employment opportunities for youth5
The posts to be appointed in the office are five Khasi, four Garo and one from Jaintia, one for the English program and one for the Hindi programme.
Jowai Police Station immediately rushed to the scene to investigate and complete all the necessary procedures according to the rules of law.
This Agreement gave the Khasi chiefs two years to decide whether to rule their own kingdom or to join India.
Doctors and other health professionals say that we humans need 7-8 hours of sleep so that our body can regenerate itself for the work we have to do in another country. day.
It is for this reason that the members of the village are not willing to demand the proper implementation of the work.
Have we been ready and willing to accept the challenges that will arise and affect the society through these empty activities?,” asked the HYC. I urge all Government officers to think carefully about this issue and take a responsible decision on how the vacant land will affect us as a State. What kind of future do we want for our children? Youth and residents of the State Do those vacant lands bring good or increase evil deeds or are we happy just because we collect a lot of taxes from them? “We should listen to the decision of the majority before implementing this Act and we should suspend those three licenses,” said Bah Rhembor G.Saibon, Vice President, HYC CEC.If you are a riew and you want to benefit yourself.
Scientists believe that this is due to the abundance of salt in the pond, which can turn the color of the water in the area.
The HNLC has made it clear that it will continue its activities while the Indian government has remained silent on its demands and has warned that it will fight hard against the NGT's ban on coal mining. Shillong, Nailar 17: “If there is a ceasefire, then a fair and understanding dialogue will take place,” said Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, Spokesperson of the HNLC. Shillong, Nailar 17: Shillong on Saturday evening, when vehicles from small to large vehicles ran to fill up petrol, after news came out that petrol tankers will stop. delivered to Meghalaya.
One of the surprising things is that they married the women of those places they ruled and established tribes in Khasiland.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The United Democratic Party (UDP) will hold another meeting tomorrow night to discuss the issues related to the District Council, said Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary.
According to a statement sent by the Seng leaders, the DC said that the Land Compensation has already been paid at the price of T .97 lakh and an area of ​​more than 8 acres which is also the land of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
The death toll from the coronavirus in the United States has risen to 5,000 as of Tuesday, according to the Johns Hopkins University.
The three rebel groups, the NSCN(IM), NSCN-K, NSCN-U and NSCN-KZ, have not agreed to the peace agreement.
Shillong, July 18: The HANM Jaintia Hills Unit (HANM) Jaintia Hills Unit (HANM) on Tuesday said that it will soon meet with the Union Minister of Home Affairs (HANM) to resolve the border issue between Meghalaya and Meghalaya. Assam, which has been suspended for 40 years, and which is also an issue of concern to the people living on the border, HANM is still waiting for the Minister's appointment for the meeting.
Police sources said that after the police at the gate stopped the illegal coal smuggling, they were attacked by the crowd.
During the meeting, the Minister of Education promised to look into this matter to find ways and means to implement the demands of the teachers.
Jowai, Nailar 03: The Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football Tournament 2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
The four deaths were from East Khasi Hills District.
This is an entertainment licence...It's a failed state...It's not allowed in Mizoram, Arunachal, Nagaland. Meghalaya has been transferred to the Union Territory under the rule of the Government.
According to the government, there are 597,464 villages in the country.
The Minister said that the funds received from the Rural Electrification Corporation Ltd. (Rs. 672.82 crore) and Rs. 672.86 crore from the Power Finance Corporation Ltd. are known as the Atmanirbhar Bharat Abhiyan.
The man who is rich in death is alive; who carries the burden of shon (for example, a person who can pay for school fees; who can pay for hospital fees; a person who can pay for a car to go to dinner; a person who is quick to deliver ei to the funeral home of a person who does not have to spend to buy alcohol for the entertainment of the followers;
At present, there is a population of only 450 people in the village and they too are descendants not from the indigenous people but from the children of the foreign soldiers.
They were taken to Umsning CHC and later to Shillong.
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee in recent days has alleged in the Assembly that the opposition BJP has tried to create trouble in the state and create division among the people. and to publicize the state before the General Election next year.
“Of course there is a case where it is allowed to contest but there is a Nomination Committee and it is up to this committee to send the names of various posts within the party including the President.
Sam P Matthew quotes some passages that show that Jesus was angry and angry with the burden and burden of taxes on the people. I helped my parents because I didn't go to the Temple or to God.
The 2nd Living Root Festival 2022 will also be held on this day.
It is the first time that a presidential election in the country has been fought on the basis of ideology,” she said.
Referring to the shooting by the Police and Forest Guards of the State on the people of Mukroh village which happened on the 22nd, November 2022 is one of the incidents for the border settlement talks between the two countries. “However, this does not mean that the talks will stop, nor does it mean that we will not monitor the border issue.
And this shall be within the space of a thousand two hundred and sixty days.
He said the Government is determined to transform the North East into a center of income growth and debt growth.
“The state government has set a target to plant trees on an area of ​​2,000 hectares and through this it will restore the environment,” he said. it shall be filled with beautiful forests.
Meghalaya BJP President Rikman G Momin on Tuesday said that the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) is an issue that has been lost in Meghalaya. areas covered by the Sixth Schedule.
The letter called for an investigation into the actions and actions of Lieutenant Harry Inglis.
Stressing that the ILP is necessary in the state, HANM also cited the example of Nagaland and Mizoram which have ILP where non-land owners even if they are indigenous people. they cannot buy land in these states.
Shillong, Nailur 22: U CM Jha today left for Bihar due to illness.
" Riia asked.
?" said the mother. "Yes, when I entered, the Principal showed me my examination papers... I told him that the teachers were surprised that I was right..." Rida said. ... I'm so happy that you are like that... Keep preparing yourself to honor your father and me too..." The mother said, “Yes, Babu, I have taught you to honor your father and me too. the College.
He said that the person who claimed to be the branch manager did not ask for the pin number or password.
The training was held for 25 days at Sohkha Mission Village and was conducted by Master Craftsmen of Neera Foundation.
Moirangthem was allegedly involved in the 2015 attack against the 6th Dogra Regiment in Manipur, which killed 18 people. soldiers and injured 11 others.
A.Kharkongngor, Assistant Director, MACS, said that drugs affect the body physically, mentally and spiritually. a slave to drugs is difficult to escape from its clutches.
Dr Lyngdoh said that learning to learn different languages ​​is essential, because the language brings people closer together and strengthens friendship.
The Wildlife Week 2021 organized by the Wildlife Week came to an end at Ionglang village, West Jaintia Hills District on Monday.
The Minister appealed to the companies to prepare themselves to be responsible and trust the government and not to reveal themselves in the media.
Instead of these, volleyball, belt wrestling, wrestling and boxing were introduced.
So far, the total number of cases in the state has risen to 6,919, of which 4,247 have been discharged from hospitals and 2,660 are undergoing treatment.
The total number of deaths today is 7 cases, 1 case from North Garo Hills, 2 cases from Ri-Bhoi, 1 case from East Jaintia Hills and 3 cases from East Khasi Hills.
It wasn't until he came to work in his own state in 2004, that Andrew came to this present place, where he found with his own eyes that it was nearby. He immediately went to meet with the Director of Sports Department at that time, who allocated 60,000 tyngka to rebuild the court.
The number of coronavirus cases has risen to more than 800 in the past three days and 129 people who returned from Maharashtra have tested positive.
The Minister said he would talk to the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma on this issue to convene a meeting to create the necessary mechanisms.
Until now, it can be said that unemployed youth who have passed BA, B.Com, BSC or Master degree have not come forward to contest the elections.
“I just want to ask him, how does he know about the border between Assam and Meghalaya? “It is unacceptable to talk about this issue,” he said.
The members of the CCIB should have visited the current Speaker of the Dorbar, whom they had been busy visiting the border a few years ago and also to seek the report, which has already been submitted to the State Government.
The suspension of coal mining has affected the income of the village and the surrounding areas where the residents have had to work as much as they can and take up any job just to survive.
Shillong: The Cabinet today approved the amendment of the Charcoal Amendment Rule to the Meghalaya Charcoal Production Storage and Trade Rules, said Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah. Ferrous Alloy factories in the state to buy rnga from the state, these factories have to buy from outside the state, if found to be buying from the state, those who oppose will not be banned.
HDR said the police investigation into the incident has not yet come to an end and they will have to summon Trailin Malngiang to appear again until they find out who spread the photo. .
The union also told the respondent that if he wants the truth, he can come to the HANM office and the union will give the truth.
The theme on the environment will be presented at the State Convention Center on the 5th July.
If others are better at earning money (in a clean way), they struggle to earn money in this way and in that way.
In the three KKK he said, There is no one to see, How can he speak alone alone.
When I reached Police Bazar, I wrote down the number 22 for the first round and cut it between the numbers 21 and 23 by writing only shiphew tyngka each.
It is what the State President of the party has done,” he said.
Seven people have been killed in Israel, including a 5-year-old child, Ido Avigal.
Earlier, Bah Hamletson congratulated the voters of the constituency and the people also extended their best wishes to him for his victory.
The issue of relocating the Harijans to Mawlong area, which they had promised at that time to complete within six months, has now begun to stir up trouble in order to bury their iwtung in front of the people.
Take care of my son, O Lord, when he is far away from me, I don't know what will happen to him, so I throw him into Your mighty hands. your hands, your eyes, your ears, your brain to pass well.
Conrad said the government will create opportunities to encourage agriculture in the state and that the unemployed youth will be able to set up their own businesses in the state. The government has started with T.10 crore.
The important thing is that any issues that arise in the field of income and wealth are long-term thinking and should be based on the new human rights and a long-term view of more than shiphew. human heritage.
There was no grain, no food, so I slept with the cows all night, I slept next to the cows and slept peacefully, without eating or drinking.
When questioned, the arrested person revealed the names of the GNLA members and after a while two more were arrested.
The Lyngngam lived there for many decades to cultivate lyngkha.
In a letter to Sangma, Marak said he had visited the constituency of the Minister last month and found many shortcomings in some government schools, including the shortage of houses, inadequate water supply such as sanitation and drinking water supplies.
Since the past few days, there have been many complaints that many of the trucks on the road are illegal coal trucks.
The event was supported by the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs and the North Eastern Council.
AICC President Rahul Gandhi will also deliver a speech along with party office bearers.
She also stressed the need to ensure that patients have the opportunity or training to speak different languages.
“The demand for meat is higher while the production is low but in recent years the production of meat has increased significantly,” he said.
“Due to the pending case and the short time of the hearing, copies of the report will be distributed among the parties involved.
Kitborlang Kharkongor scored in the 39th and 55th minutes and Andy Star Kharsati in the 60th minute.
PK Bagchi, Designated Intellectual Property Attorney, ICC-Intellectual Property Facilitation Centre, Guwahati and G.Langstieh, Functional Manager District Commerce and Industries Center, Ri Bhoi District were also present. Experts and entrepreneurs from all over the Block came to take part in this program to learn more about Intellectual Property Right.
The President of the HNYF Nongpoh Circle, Bah Shambor Nongkling, said that the appointment of the Syiem of Raid Iapngar by the KHADC as a member of the KHADC is a mistake because he does not even know how to speak the Khasi language. Khasi.
Shallang Police Station, on receiving a tip on the incident, rushed to the scene, but before the police arrived, the forest groups had abducted the two men. Johnstarly Lyngkhoi, 26, 25, who is also a relative of Vincent and John Paul Kharsyiemiong, 25, who is the driver of Vincent's vehicle.
Both teams fought hard to score.
However, the surprising thing is that the government does not want to change the education system but focuses only on one of the provisions of the Education Policy (Article 3.5.24). That is, to violate the right of teachers to ban them from taking part in politics especially as the elections are approaching.
He said that in the past years, he has met with leaders like MLA and MDC, but these leaders have not given any answer but have remained silent.
The principle of winning at all costs, earning and accumulating wealth from sports has led to many corruption and fraud.
