“I cannot assure the police that I will not return because my return in the past was only the action of the police,” he said.
Shillong, July 13: The President of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in Meghalaya, Shibun Lyngdoh, today attended the two-day National Executive Committee Meeting of the party held in Allahabad. .
They have also visited various places such as police, hospitals and families.
All the expenses for the patient will be borne by the State Government.
Shillong Lajong will face SAI in their next match on November 3 in Guwahati.
Lai's death was announced on the 19th after his mother, identified as Chen, along with her lawyer, at a press conference, alleged that The mother of Lai has demanded that the relevant authorities should investigate the cause of the death of the child. hours after he had just married the other man.
To clarify, Danggo said that from now on, there will be no such idea, but there will be only one party, the NPP party under the leadership of the new President. Martin M. Danggo and his staff.
Shillong: The Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) has alleged that the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) has been collecting money from the land owners in Khyndai Lad by not allowing them to buy land. sit on the ground.
Besides India, other countries to participate are Australia, Bahrain, China, Iran, Japan, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Korea, Lebanon, Malaysia, New Zealand, Philippines, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and Sri Lanka.
However, he expressed the hope that the two states will be able to resolve the dispute in the remaining seven areas one day.
“I decided to contest from Faridkot last month.
Bhabok Nongrum, son of Iohbor, died on 4th March 2018, while undergoing treatment at Children's Hospital.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: Ka Merrily Khomlo has lodged a complaint with the police that on the night of the 12th at 8:30 pm, Dr. Pallav Paul has shot and beaten her and threatened her in many ways.
His mother was Liti Bamon and she was a servant of the King of Jiantiapur, but after the quarrel, MarPhalangki's mother had to leave her job and stay in the forest.
Desiderions Pyrtuh scored the first goal for Lumpariat in the 25th minute and Babiang Khyriem for Chutwakhu in the 57th minute.
The candidate has already said that he comes from a clean family and not a rich family.
On the other hand, the religious leaders of Nongpoh Parish, after discussion with the BJP leader, have sent a letter to the CM to create a fund for the construction of a The Nongpoh Parish Church has handed over to the leader to speak to the Government.
Thus, Jesus' suffering on the cross and the shedding of His blood, besides the cross, is the payment of the debt of mankind's sins from Satan.
The party said that the party supporters from this area after hearing these explanations were pleased and gave their full support in connection with this work that the party has taken and they Speaking on the occasion, Bah Ardent said that they still rely on the leadership of Bah Ardent M. Basaiawmoit as the President of the HSPDP. hold fast to the foundation of it which has that order to work with a pure spirit and not with a deceitful spirit in order to avoid the destructive intentions of those people who have a hypocritical spirit because in these Other parties are very scared when they hear and see that the HSPDP party is growing steadily as the days go by in all the districts here in Ri Khasi.
Speaking to media, these four villages are inhabited by Khasi, who also have sacred places, mawbynna and also customs and traditions. The Prime Minister has already promised that all the Khasi villages will fall under Meghalaya according to the consent of the people. They too have come forward to express their desire to be in Meghalaya and not in Assam.
The College itself will give priority to those who have the right percentages whether for men or women.
It is learned that the neighbors, on seeing the incident, rushed out to extinguish the fire.
The issuance of this order was necessary after receiving reports that trucks and pick up vehicles carrying stone and mawthup often carry more than the length of the body of the vehicle which poses a serious threat to human lives and property. The condition of the NH-06 between Tuber Shohshrieh and Ratacherra villages has deteriorated and could deteriorate further and cause more traffic jams.
Russia has accused Syrian government troops of provoking opposition troops in the attack.
Shillong, July 2: A man has been arrested by the police on Tuesday on charges of sexually assaulting a woman.
On the other hand, Commander said that he hopes that the film will attract a lot of people because the people like the song 9-Lad which has already been released on Youtube. The audience will not be able to watch this film and will not be able to watch it once.
In the second match, Mynso Blazon beat Mookynphad Mihmyntdu 5-1 goals. Mookynphad's Arwan Rymbai scored the goal in the first half. 22nd, 60th & 70th minutes, Wailad Shylla in the 63rd and 66th minutes.
The union has also sent three letters to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) but unfortunately it is still under its supervision and has not reached anywhere with its demand. the organization is not yet equal.
Shillong, Naitung 10: After three months of tenure, the Governor of Meghalaya today terminated the tenure of the Administrator of GHADC.
Heavy rainfall is expected in Shillong and suburban areas tomorrow.
Ranchi, Naitung 2: U Amarjit Bahilar, 45, Superintendent of Police, Pakur, who was shot dead by Maoist militants, has been shot dead today. and four other policemen in a sudden shooting incident in Dumka district of Jharkhand.
“On behalf of the old and new students of the Meghalaya Judo Association, we are deeply saddened and strongly condemn the violence against the Judo teacher (Jobi Warlyrpih), who was shot dead. An 8-year-old Judo player was beaten until he sustained injuries to his body and hands.
That means that almost all the diseases have turned into covid 19 now.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: There is only one active case of Covid-19 in East Khasi Hills District. There have been no new cases of Covid-19 in the past 24 hours. However, 2 persons have recovered from the disease.
Sridina A Sangma, 32, and Sotindro Chandrabala Hajong, 35, were killed in the incident.
These include EGH: 1, EJH: 2, EKH: 56, NGH: 1, RBD: 8, SWKH: 2, WGH: 9, WJH: 4 and WKH:
Greta Solutions Training Academy, Newhill Loomsoiung, Jowai with the support of the MSSDS of the Department of Labour, Government of Meghalaya has opened a training course for youth in cake making or craft bakery. .
Turn to the kha-I pateng, although the names are those of the owners of the country, but behind the scenes.
Guwahati: After supporting the Citizenship Amendment Act in Parliament, the Asom Gana Parishad (AGP) has decided to file a petition against the Citizenship Amendment Act in the Supreme Court.
Then, in the last ceremony, once again the children and the group from the Kid's Tarari Choir sang the song “Mynsiem ba dang lung” which was a song by Cafinia Nongsiej. to sing with the group while I was on earth.
However, after the signing of the MOU between the two states, all the development and necessities have been suspended from being provided to them which has caused suffering to the children and families of these residents.
Shillong: A man has tested positive for corona virus at Unique, near DCIC, Polo Short Round Road, Lawmawli.
Nongpoh: The Executive Members of the Dorbar of the San Kur Phra Kur of the Raid Bhoilasa in Ri Bhoi, today, expressed their dissatisfaction with the appointment of Meclyour Lyngdoh as Lyngdoh. Look at the sons of thousands in the Raid Bhoilasa.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Health Minister of Assam, confirmed that the man was a frequent traveler to Saudi Arabia and said that the patient was also connected with the Tablighi Jamaat. in Delhi.
However, these Eves of this age do not think who has given their lives in order to provide them with a happy and secure life for hundreds of thousands of years since man began to live. write a record of the history of the world.
Wh R.L Bimee Suwer General Secretary Loompyrdi Iongpiah.
“The Regional Committee of West Khasi Hills in its last inspection, has it reached any decision because when this Committee has held a meeting with many people from the Congress party who The members of the Committee have said that many of the issues have not been resolved by the Committee.
“We will start apologizing first, because we have turned the house of D Mawlong, Publicity Secretary, into the head quarter without the permission of the Rangbah Shnong or the village of Nongmynsong or the owner of the house. .
Revelation 16:12-1
Santana joined Goa as a replacement for the youngster, where he has made nine appearances.
There was a man who was in prison.
He said that the Meghalaya government has no doubt that these 41 villages will remain in Meghalaya.
London: Italy beat England 3-2 in the Euro Cup final on penalties at Wembley on Saturday. khaid, and mar shi goal, wat even the ai por shah.
Shillong, July 25: Fourteen persons arrested in a police raid in Rimpu Bagan on Tuesday alleged that the Investigating Officer (IO) had threatened them. BJP leader Bernard N. Marak who is also the MDC of Tura.
Swarajeet Das, who came in the third innings, scored 31 runs, while Kishan Lyngdoh (29), Jaskirat Singh Sachdeva (46) and Dippu Sangma (42) were the other players who improved. you run for the team.
“Actually the presence of these areas on our map shows that we are firm on our position, but we have to find solutions to this problem because both the states do not it is not theirs,” Sangma said.
Speaking to media, the Minister said that the Government has held a Review Meeting in the past 12 days to discuss the violence against the people during the rally. FKJGP and also to curb drug trafficking in the state.
For the past 20 months, there has been communication and everything is normal.
He added that the PDAM will hold a meeting on Tuesday to discuss the matter.
Nongpoh: Leaders from 7 villages in the Sohkhwai area, together with the leaders of the HNYF, Northern Region, today visited the bad parts of the road from Sohkhwai to 20Mer Pahammawlein and Through this inspection, the village leaders and the HNYF, expressed their deep concern over the excessive deterioration of the road.
Angkat Kumar of St. Anthony's College Byndihati Extension, Santona Hajong, Brilliant Lapasam of Jaintia Eastern College and Ranjit Kumar of St. Anthony's College Byndihati Extension were the winners of the Essay Competition. topic “Role of Students in Swachh Bharat Abhiyan”.
On the increase in crime, she said, “Even after the efforts in the past years, crime has not decreased, but has increased.
“This is not a scheme to rig the elections but I am fulfilling my duty as an MDC,” said Bah Teibor.
This Kya tree is located in Mooknor village, Labang Nangphyllut Block-1. This tree is no longer there. ball sop that jyrmi suda.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Cajee said, “I will continue to provide assistance to the people, even if my hand is short, but the youth and mothers of the constituency and the party will help and strengthen.
That is why God invites all people to plead before Him in prayer.
After their escape, it was reported that the militants had fled to a densely populated area in Mendipathar and after thorough investigation, police admitted that the two militants had fled to parts of Assam.
Pdang said that after the nurses had examined her, they told her that the time of birth would be at 2 pm and after that, they went to sleep at their place of residence.
More than 1.55 lakh villages (25% of all villages) in India have declared 'Har Ghar Jal', or access to safe drinking water for all households in these villages.
Speaking on the implementation of the NEP, Shangpliang said that it will bring about many changes in the education sector in the state and the problems they will have to go through will disappear if it is fully implemented. NEP. He expressed his regret over the number of part-time dropouts and said that it is necessary to create ways and means to reduce them so that it does not cause problems in the society.
Dr War said that Jotimoi Shah will be added to the list of deaths tomorrow.
The injured HNYM member, Diness Mynsong, is undergoing treatment at NEIGRIHMS. A complaint was lodged by his wife at Madanrting Police Station.
Jowai: A 23-year-old girl from Moolamanoh village, Riwanki Dkhar, who drowned in the Sahksaw River in Chamcham village, has not been rescued yet. day.
Nongpoh, Nailur 13: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) Against Casino Ri-Bhoi today held an emergency meeting to express its deep sorrow after the leaders were deceived by the Prime Minister in connection with the and the construction of a casino in Ri-Bhoi District, after seeing the reply of James PK Sangma, Law Minister to a question by George B Lyngdoh.
Manager Edmund Paul Kharir said that he did not know anything about the incident and he did not appoint a lawyer because he had not done anything wrong.
He said that the KHCF through the request of the KHADC to help raise funds, has collected a total of T.7974976 to use for the needs during these two days and has no share in the T.6.38 crore of the KHADC. “Through the KHADC's request to raise funds for these two days of the Mawbynna Festival, we have been able to raise T.58 lakh,” said Bah Kharkongor. The KHCF has received T.10 lakh from Lafarge Minig Pvt Ltd, not T.30 lakh as claimed by Bah Teinwel, T.20 lakh from the NEC, T.5 lakh from the Department of Arts and Culture, T.3 lakh from the Department of Arts and Culture. On the non-submission of the Utilization Certificate (UC) by Bah Teinwel, Bah Kharkongor said that the members of the KHCF have been disappointed. After the Mawbynna Festival, the MDCs called for the election and then the EC of ARPA came and when they went to talk to Bah Teinwel on this issue, he refused and sent to meet the CEM and They met with CEM Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit who directed the Secretary of the Council to convene a meeting in his room with the members of KHCF but till now no letter has been received to hold a meeting.
"Oh toto, let's go..." The lawyer called. Bah Shanbor went in and took the letter that the police had brought home.
kharpor10@gmail.com.
As a party, we say that we will never leave the residents of this area who have given their support to the NDA government. the ancient customs and traditions of the people of Meghalaya which have placed full trust in the country as a whole.
PREVENTION FROM DISEASE Pigs kept and cared for in a clean and dry house, with good food and clean drinking water, are less likely to get sick.
“Friends, when those who still have doubts can turn back the history, they cannot hide and join us in the celebration which we will hold in November 2022,” he said.
Lanosha told her mother that she had sent Bah Deng.
The inability to exempt coal mining from the MMDR Act 1957 in Meghalaya is like a patient who has been treated in hospital and has been released to go home when the disease has been cured. from thy body, but the man is not healed.
However, Israel has reportedly regarded Haniyeh and other Hamas leaders as terrorist Palestinian terrorists.
Various inquiries have been completely deceived.
The meeting was also held during the XXXVI National Games 2022 to discuss the smooth running of the second North East Olympic Games. Games.
The Public Hearing was held by the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) on the proposal of Star Cement to expand the Star Cement mine on an area of ​​42.051 hectares at Bishyrnot village. The Sengbhalang and the residents of the village have rushed to destroy the buildings for the purpose of holding public hearings.
PURISKAM DAIÑTHLEN It can be said that this idea has fallen into the hands of many of the Khasi.
A Maruti Gypsy belonging to a policeman, who worked as a driver, collapsed completely, while the bus was completely set on fire from the front.
The 38-year-old singer is also happy to stay at Windsor Castle where she often imagines what it would be like if she got the opportunity and how happy it would be for her.
The main objectives of the CM's Solar Mission include:- Subsidized Solar Hybrid Inverters and Solar Water Heaters for all residents.
Sangma u Pynkhein KularKAS has been improving more and more in other areas as the SA has set rules.
“During the covid 19 pandemic, I used to sell puri in the car to sell to the rickshaw drivers.
Those who were sworn in include President Samla Deogratias Kyndait, General Secretary Samla L Rymbai and Asst.Sec.
The people of Jharkhand fought for the Hill State for 50 years.
He said the government has recently launched a new scheme known as the Meghalaya Poly House Elevate, where farmers can apply for the scheme from the Horticulture Office. The deadline for applications for the scheme is the 30th of this month.
Speaking to reporters, the HYC said that the reason why they went to collect the documents from these foreigners, was after they saw that these foreigners were Shillong By-Pass Road is located in many places along the Shillong By-Pass.
Meanwhile, VPP candidate Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon expressed his deep sorrow over the current situation in Meghalaya, even after 52 years of independence.
As the saying goes, "Kam banse ka thom ia ka sang", the Seng will also thom ia ka sang to expel such employees if they enter our homes without listening to the law. decision of the Government.
Of these 98 cases, 82 cases are from East Khasi Hills including 4 cases from Armed Forces and 78 cases from civilians, 5 cases from East Jaintia Hills, 7 cases from Ri Bhoi and 7 cases from West Garo Hills. 3 cases and one case from West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: Although the state government has issued a notice to stop the use of urea, the sale of this fertilizer is still high these days.
The MoU was signed by the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) Dr BDR Tiwari and the Director of School Education and Literacy Swapnil Tembe. Those who have reached the age of 18 must have an EPIC to be elected to Parliament.
Therefore, the tax per liter is 12.50 per liter or higher.
In this regard, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Khasi Jaintia Hills has invited all the children of Hynniewtrep to attend the Dorbar Bah on this day and urged all the Dorbars in Khasi Jaintia Hills to attend in order. today, said Mr. RL Blah.
When asked, he also acknowledged that there is Benami activity in these areas, especially on the border with Assam.
The Bible tells us that a famine came upon the land and that this famine destroyed and destroyed it.
He also explained about the prevalence of fraud such as theft of public money through ATMs, spreading or being deceived into crime through the internet or social media and others.
To the Sengbhalang, Priewshimet and various Sengs who have donated this Christmas Season for those who are most in need, don't lose hope if there are those who don't appreciate and appreciate even after receiving the help from you.
He said that during the meeting they also received a promise that there will be no impact on the District Council Courts but according to the Notification it is the same.
Shillong, Lber 25: The Meghalaya Kurash Association (MKA) has congratulated the 5th Sub-Junior National Kurash Championships to be held at Dhanbad. (Jharkhand) from 27th to 29th October
At the same time, as a citizen, I strongly urge the HNLC to return to the peace talks table with the Government.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 7: The filing of nomination papers for the upcoming elections to be held on the 27th of this month has ended. day.
It is worth mentioning that he has brought many development works for Mawlangwir, the district and the state as a whole and many others including the Madan Saitsnad which I'm from Mawlangwir.
On the same day, Yearsley warned the public through Twitter that the public should be vigilant against the fraud of the company because when you buy the laptop, when you buy the laptop, and when he opened it, he found 36 bags of food inside the large box that had been brought to him.
He said this while addressing a meeting held at Srimanta Sankardev Kalakhetra in Guwahati, Assam.
It is learned that today these families have held a meeting to discuss how to run their chess business.
Ryntathiang said that the bill introduced by HS Shylla during his tenure as CEM of KHADC had a lot of controversy and affected the kurs, but now they have come to express their views. the bills of the District Council and some amendments have been made.
On the other hand, the MLA of Jirang Constituency, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun today visited the screening center located at 13 miles Byrnihat Ribhoi District. medicine for the four surrounding areas of this place.
Not only that, they also damaged the house and beat up the two sons.
Margin Profit Rs.1.00 Per Liter).
On the summons of the party members to the National Investigation Agency (NIA), Conrad said the matter is in the hands of the central government and the state government has played its part by sending information to the National Investigation Agency (NIA). Guwahati: Congress MP from Assam Gaurav Gogoi has once again criticized the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sharma for allegedly killing his wife. Sharma, Rinik Bhuyan Sarma, who received Rs 10 crore as financial assistance from the Government of India.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, believes that income growth and economic development can be achieved only through the active participation of women.
Bishnu was arrested on July 23 during a raid at Mikilsimgre village, about 19 kilometers from Williamnagar.
On the other hand, these winning candidates also spoke about their desire to work for the constituency, especially for the development of the constituency and the district as a whole.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The Joint Action Committee of All Teachers of Meghalaya (JACATAM) will start a two-month strike from tomorrow to 22nd to 4th November to raise their demand. They demanded that the government should take over all the posts of school teachers in the state.
The Assam government officials found that the work is in progress and also spoke to the Assam police, who are present at the site and guarding the site.
Shillong, June 15: The Joint Action Committee of the All Teachers' Association of Meghalaya (JACATAM) will meet tomorrow to discuss the inability of the state government to convene talks on the implementation of the Election Act.
Furthermore, the report said that Andy has now withdrawn from the selection process of the tournament after facing difficulties in rebuilding his skills. instead of participating in the tournament, he will focus on the field programs on his way to Wimbledon.
It is impossible to say that many people are not aware of this Zebra Crossing not only in the city but also in the rural areas and this has created a lot of trouble for the drivers and even the police to explain to the people.
Please enter your AVPU Code.
For then shall be great tribulation, such as was not since the beginning of the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be.
The ENSA Football Tournament will start on Saturday 30/10/2021 at 12:30 pm where last year's champion Sonapyrdi FC will play against Wahiajer Narpuh. FC at Lumshnong Football Stadium.
Edinburgh, the capital of Scotland, rejected independence by 194,638 to 123,927, while Aberdeen also rejected independence by more than 20,000 votes.
“The conflict in Manipur which has been going on for nearly two months has not stopped and NESO, as a responsible organization, feels that it is time for peace and order to return to Manipur.
We all have these things since we were born.
Chesterfield Nongdhar of the Meghalaya Police Football Team won the Man of the Match title.
Police said that illegal activities through social networking are rampant in the city where most of the victims are women who have been victimized by unknown robbers.
As the Lahduh of Hynniewtrep, she received a cash prize of 20,000 tyngka with a trophy and Maduh 10,000 tyngka with a trophy.
The people who came from all over Meghalaya led by CoMSO Chairman Robertjune Kharjarin tried to stand at the gate of the Governor's house.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) has strongly condemned the remarks of Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, MLA of the United Democratic Party (UDP). Congress.
Chemical FertilizerThe third type of fertilizer that is applied to the soil to increase nitrogen is chemical fertilizer.
All these Norok and Jagring are border areas without leadership and cannot last long,” said the ABVC-B in a statement.
However, the party has an Election Committee to decide who will be given the ticket and urged the people not to be influenced by others who do not contest as candidates of the party.
“It is truly a history in Maweit area where after 57 years the foundation stone has been laid to the public and it has shocked not only the public but me personally because it is a road that has been dreamed of for a long time and now it has been built for a long time. He said that the good road will bring more development projects in the area and through the good roads it will also increase the income of the people of the area. If we get a good road, other development projects will follow.
Phamles Syiemlieh said that they found that the Syiem of Maharam Hima had given 10 pieces of land to the government, the Irrigation Department at Panchiring, one plot in Ranikor to the Police Department for the construction of the road. Ranikar Police Station and sold the land claiming that it belonged to the Hima by taking the money from the office of the Deputy Commissioner, West Khasi Hills District which was paid by the PWD department. Roads) to build the road from Umpung to Ranikor.
Then the Nongsiej tribe, which is about Sohiong, is called Jyrwa Nongsiej.
Imphal: The situation in Manipur has decreased steadily across the state, following the killing of two Meitei students by protesters.
“We should encourage the citizens to use their own products and materials,” he said.
Likewise, literature should be ensured that it refers to the English word literature, and should not be used widely by forcing it into literature.
About 21 people, including civilians, were injured and taken to Champhai District Hospital; One of the injured died on the way to Zokhawthar Hospital.
Khliehriat West FC beat Bataw YWSC 1-0 in the first half. Mihlang Sutnga scored the first goal in the 69th minute.
Since 1960 he lived in Jaiaw but after 1991 he moved to Kench Trace, Laban.
The candidates who have decided to contest from the 1st Nartiang Constituency are Sniawbhalang Dhar (NPP), Dawan Lyngdoh (UDP), Emlang Laloo (INC), Rimiki Sari (BJP) and Generous Pasleiñ (IND). ).
All they that take the sword shall perish with the sword: it is a true saying.
The Rangbah Shnong said that the village will try to turn it into a tourist destination to benefit the residents especially as the road has improved this year.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 188 people have been newly infected with the virus and 2007 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
“We have asked the government not to respond to those suggestions which cannot be accepted by the state government.
Speaking on her visit to India, Freida expressed her delight and especially to represent Dior.
Besides, Bah Robertson said that besides the pipes he has installed old ones and the old top will affect the health if the households drink the water because the JJM scheme has allocated funds to build the pipes. new water pipes.
Mizoram scored 90 runs by beating all the batsmen at 18/1 and in this innings Mizoram improved slightly compared to the first innings when they scored only 33/10.
“Additionally, he said he covered his eyes and put his shirt back on and immediately said he 'phoned' family but couldn't get through, so he shut down. I ran to tell my mother's house," he said.
Speaking to media, Samla Pynshai Rani, said that the purpose of the union to meet and discuss with the Chancellor of USTM, is to express to the Chancellor, that the Khasi youth should get when they want to study there.
This is according to a statement issued by the Rangbah Shnong of Wapungskur.
“Conrad Sangma has risen to the occasion with promises and promises,” he said. tongue.
The Nongpoh MLA suggested to the state government to think about the farmers of Ri Bhoi and that is to create the mechanisms to set up a market in Ri Bhoi. Mawiong area, so that it will not be a loss to the farmers from Bhoi and those who intend to sell their produce to Shillong.
It also depends on the agreement and arrangement of the accommodation or land that the government will give them.
The JNC on Tuesday elected and confirmed the new office bearers of the Jalaphet Circle at a meeting held at the clubhouse at Loom Sashram Jalaphet.
When asked whether the government wants to hold elections before the end of the term, the Prime Minister said there is no such thing as wanting to hold elections before the end of the term.
Agatha Sangma, daughter of PA Sangma, is also the sister of Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
The KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit led by Samla Deiniwan Lyngdoh and General Secretary Samla Pynshai Kupar Dkhar have submitted a complaint to the Chairman. In a statement sent by the Publicity Secretary of the KSU Wapung Unit, Samla Shibaitlang, the KSU Wapung Unit said that the KSU Wapung Unit has not found that the existence of Abhi Coke Private Limited has brought any benefit to the people but has brought harm to the people. suda to the crowd.
(8) The Government will increase the number of police:- To achieve all these, the Government of Meghalaya should increase the number of police.
Shillong: The SSCB has won the title of the 7th Elite Men's National Boxing Championship held on Thursday at the SAI Indoor Hall. They can score up to 10 victories in this match in the Final.
Three years ago while undergoing cancer treatment I met a family who faced this question.
This will happen and I have no doubt about it,” he said.
When asked about the High Security Registration Plates (HSRP), he said that they do not have any equipment installed on them that can detect the theft of two-wheelers or vehicles.
Jowai: Rishot, the leading traditional song group of West Jaintia Hills District, has won the title in the traditional song competition on HIV AIDS organized by the Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE). Jaintia Hills today at HK Singh School, Jowai.
The Supreme Court today issued an order that the use of Aadhar number should not be compulsory, except in connection with government assistance, will come into force, said four judges. “The Government of India cannot use the Aadhar number completely or issue the Aadhar number. talkal passport" said the Supreme Court.
While the joy and gladness was still going on, the distributors of the wine found that it was gone.
With the initiative of the Ri Bhoi Water Sports and Tourism Cooperative Society Ltd, Umtham to promote the sport of Kayaking, many young men who have an interest in kayaking have come forward to receive special training in Kayaking. lat lat and well-maintained places.
In a statement, the GNLA said that neither the chairman nor the commander in chief of the GNLA has violated the rules of procedure of the GNLA. GNLA to form a new armed group, and alleged that what Reding said was baseless.
Three people were killed and eight others injured in the blast.
The registration will start from the 1st of November and end on the 31st of this month across the state.
Matdata Junction is a 52-episode radio series produced by the Election Commission of India in collaboration with All India Radio.
Another area of ​​misuse by the company leadership is the corruption in the Saitsohpen Court.
Jowai: Lakhon Hadia of Nangbah village, West Jaintia Hills has allegedly shot dead the son of UDP candidate Heipor Pasi and four other friends.
In a statement, the CEO said that anyone who violates the notice after 40 days will be prosecuted under the provisions of the Meghalaya Municipal Act 1973 and other related laws.
Although the news is not clear, the latest sources say that the candidate for the VPP Mawlai constituency in the MDC election is only the name of Bah Marbud Dkhar.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 13,556 and the death toll has risen to
Shillong, Nailur 24: The State Government through the Ministry of Home Affairs has directed all OCs and ICs to conduct patrols on foot and in vehicles to prevent and prevent crimes that may occur in anywhere in the city.
Sweet potatoes also contain electrolytic substances in the blood.
The sad thing for the residents here is that half of them do not own land but are Nongshongsap or Nongshongthap.
“We have appointed leaders in the past who like to divide the villages, who like to create groups among the people, but the VPP does not want such steps, but what it wants is to educate the people in national unity," he said.
PMMSY was developed to address the shortcomings in fish production and quality of fish caught, technology, post-harvest activities, modernization, introduction of practices strong and stable and also the welfare of the fishermen.
The deceased were identified as one from East Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi, one from South West Khasi Hills and one from West Khasi Hills District.
Imphal: Two drug traffickers and WY tablets were arrested by the Assam Rifles at Khudengthabi Check Post in Tengnoupal District on Tuesday.
According to information received from the Ri Bhoi Police, the girl, Pooja Sarkar from Guwahati, had come to the place with her friends in the morning.
The Dolloi said that the donation of the Raij Raliang is small, but they are confident that the government will receive assistance through this donation to meet the needs in the fight against COVID-1
“He said that during his tenure, he increased the salaries of government employees twice a year while this government has not increased them even once in five years.
The woman is Mary Kyndait from Kremmyrsiang village near Namdong village in Namdong C&RD Block.
He said that the outbreak of COVID-19 has shocked the state government that a healthy mindset is urgently needed.
Shillong, Jymmang 23 : The BJP MDC from Tura, Bernard Marak, has supported the demand of the BJP President, Bah Earnest Mawrie to conduct a CBI inquiry into the incidents that have occurred in the past few days. state.
Before the distribution of these items, a short meeting was held by the Rangbah Shnong of Khahnar, Ma.
The party invites all the people of Lum Jaintia to take part in the rally which will be followed by other programmes.
The zonal meeting was attended by Amlarem MLA Lahkmen Rymbui, Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, Mowkaïaw MLA Nujorki Sungoh and Sutnga MLA. Soil & Water Conservation office, Mihmyntdu, West Jaintia Hills on Friday.
The children were aged 13-17 years, they were not wearing anything on their feet and they were wearing old clothes.
Respect for those in authority, punctuality, action and obedience from the heart with knowledge.
His statement that Kimfa should contest from the UDP is only his personal wish.
This area has also become a den of drugs, illegal activities, theft and this poses a threat to all the residents,” said the union.
The Syiem is the superintendent of the market and the vendors who occupy the shop have to pay their shop fee which is 1000 tyngka per annum.
Besides, Bah Rani said that the VC has admitted that there was a mistake in the announcement.
When asked, he said that the party is concerned about what it feels, but it does not care about the feelings of others because they have their own feelings.
Shillong: The BJP Meghalaya President Shibun Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the BJP has not yet decided whether to contest or support the MP elections from Shillong and Tura Parliamentary constituencies. The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government is in power.
“I don't think that will happen, there is no discrimination against other religions in Bangladesh.
The result of the 2nd Division Football Association (WJDSA) on Friday was that Khliehongriang beat Dongmihsngi 1-0
Many of the people who took part in the Signature Campaign included youth, women, taxi drivers, students, Rangbah Shnong, Pressure Groups and others.
Supporting organizations include JSM, KSU, HANM, HYC, STIEH and others.
At the meeting, the Cabinet also decided to appoint an Adviser to the Security Department, former DGP Rajiv Mehta as the Adviser to the Security Forces. it is for many purposes related to peace and security such as the border.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 24: The Meghalaya and Assam governments on behalf of the Chief Ministers of the state have already resolved six areas of differences between Assam and Assam. Meghalaya in the first phase and to continue the 6 border disputes and which have not yet been resolved at the level of the Chief Ministers today held a discussion on the border resolution issues. The meeting was held at Khanapara on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
He also explained that the indoor arena of the House used to be smaller, but now it is larger and this is in line with the increased budget which has increased not because of time-consuming, but because of the construction of the building.
Speaking to media on Friday, Bah Egenstar Kurlang, who is also a law student, said that a team of inquiry has already been appointed into the incident. The Government has not suspended the Director.
“They told me to let him know and I did let him know.
We have Assembly elections, MP elections, Panchayat elections, MDC elections”.
In terms of Khaii heritage, the Khasi has already demonstrated that he cannot fight against the Dkhar, where the Dkhar is united and the Khasi is like a marble. shat you.
You are united in your own constituency.
SGH, which has won two matches in the zonal match, yesterday also played well except in the extras.
In this phase of demarcation, the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) has played a major role for Block-I & II and Khanduli-Psiar.
Since then, the Khasi thought and the world thought have been enslaved by foreign thought until they have reached the point where they have to obey the laws and regulations as laid down and establish the church christian banndang iar color pud u sam.
On the appointment of the Chief Managing Director by a junior officer to look after MeECL, Zenith said that this has made the government look bad.
The school authorities also appealed to Bah HDR Lyngdoh to talk to the government to provide the necessities of the school.
The screening will be held on the 25th June, 2022 from 9 pm at Kiang Nangbah Indoor Stadium, Jowai.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Kyrmen Rani, Sordar of Sohpian Village and Samla Pynskhem Hynniewta, Chairman of Kur Hynniewta Youth Association, Lempluh.
If you have a scientist or experts, you will lose xenophobia.
How clean and clean is the government chair that we don't know or understand the shame and dignity.
“I will also meet with the officers of the International Solar Mission...this will be part of the CM Solar Mission.
Assam Police on Saturday arrested a member of the Kamtapur Liberation Organization (KLO) from a village in Sivasagar district.
After being photographed and videotaped, he posted on Twitter pictures of himself teaching ksing and being beaten by a ksing teacher in Mawphlang.
After this, Conrad Sangma requested the HC to review the 32 lakh tonnes.
You have what is called an inferiority complex.
The NPYF, which held a meeting today, discussed the last elections and received suggestions in the areas where it lost and discussed many issues, and received many suggestions on how to strengthen the elections. more to the party.
The death toll has risen to 108,334 with 918 deaths in the past 24 hours.
If the police visit these places once or twice a year, it is enough, the people have remembered how to do it.
The Medical Superintendent of Mawkyrwat District invites all the residents of the district to attend the public awareness campaign on tuberculosis on the 8th November, 2023 at the Civil Hospital Mawkyrwat. from 10:00 am to 4:00 pm.
“In just four years as an MLA, I have been able to get a sports scheme worth Rs 19 crore 74 lakh 54 thousand in the constituency and out of this Rs 10 crore we will call a tender for the construction of an indoor stadium in Lawsohtun,” he said. Mr. Hamlet.
The bus overturned in Dhupguri block of Jalpaiguri district, West Bengal this morning.
The new buildings inaugurated by Ma Lahkmen Rymbui include the Academic Block, Library Block and Science Block of Nongtalang College.
G7 leaders will meet on Tuesday to discuss the appropriate response to the crash in Poland, which is located in the United States. The missile fell at 3.40 pm local time on Tuesday in the town of Przewodów, four miles from the Ukrainian border.
He also urged the authorities to raise awareness on this issue so that people are not afraid to shed blood.
He also requested the public to inform the Police Station if there are such incidents for verification and the Police will be able to do their duty.
[excerpt from the old articles of U Rupang]
What affects the public most is the negligence of doctors.
They said that there are places where the road is small and cannot reach four meters and the people do not pay attention to this but they said that in the road which is wide and heavy the color does not reach the road. four meters.
He said that after hearing with his own ears the concerns of the people , he will soon convene a meeting of the department which is also part of the department of environment He is the Minister to convey to the meeting the voice of the people today, and what will come out of the meeting will bring the answer to the people.
Meghalaya scored 192 runs in the first innings while Sikkim scored 109 runs.
The Asian Waterbird Census (AWC) is part of the celebration of the International Waterbird Census (IWC).
Shillong, November 5: The market vendors today turned out to protest against the Municipal's decision to burn mombati at Khyndailad. and to show that from this evening onwards they have been united.
Shillong: The Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) has selected three candidates for the post of Director General of Police (DGP) in Meghalaya. appointed as the full DGP of Meghalaya.
All government offices including the court, banks and schools in the district should be closed on this day.
Nongrum said that the police and drivers found this today while distributing leaflets as part of the celebration of World White Cane Day. to remember disabled people using the White Cross.
The first place went to Dulong Secondary School Jowai, the second place went to Mukhla Raij High School and the third place went to Thadlaboh Presbyterian High School Jowai.
The BJP has the highest number of MLAs as it has only two MLAs but so far four MLAs have been confirmed to join the BJP.
This village is also a village where almost all the people live from agriculture and it is sad that the residents of this village have faced many difficulties not only when they come and even to transport them. They also face difficulties in the market because of the lack of vehicles to reach these villages especially during the rainy season.
One person died while two others were seriously injured and six others escaped into the forest.
Don't let them say that it is I or my government who is doing this, say we all the people are doing this development work.
Satish Kumar, a Hindi teacher at Government Senior Secondary School in Dahola, has allegedly identified himself as a woman and sent a letter saying that he was a woman. armet in your name.
SONYBORN PYRNGAP (IND) – 5166.
Sikkim beat Meghalaya 6-1 in the first leg of the tournament on Monday, while Sikkim also joined Arunachal Pradesh after failing to reach the semi-finals.
Checks worth T.81,04,250.00 were distributed to 73 Olympic sports disciplines and 158 non-Olympic sports disciplines worth T.66,96,2
Other political parties including the GSU, ADE, AYWO, FKJGP and FAF have alleged that the NPP, which used to claim to be a party to protect the indigenous people, has now fallen into the corruption of politics. who wants to become an MDC or MLA.
These are only Pynthorumkhrah and South Shillong constituencies.
Supriyo said he and his secretary had their mobile phones stolen.
Similarly, four languages, Bodo, Dogri, Santali and Maithili, have been announced for inclusion in the Sixth Schedule.
This disease can be reduced by cutting off all the dead branches and burning them, or by removing them from the holes of the branches with a silver stick, or by throwing them into the hole with petrol or diesel fuel, and cover the holes with a clean hand, or sprinkle with gammexane powder or Neocid powder (D.D.T.).
He said that in fact the party understands that the government cannot act immediately because there is a case in some places and there is a dispute between groups, but how can the people in this Besides illegally staying on government land, they also receive EPIC, and to raise livestock such as cows in urban areas.
Peter answered: "Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost" (Dk 38).
Shillong: The Additional Deputy Commissioner, Pynursla Civil Sub Division, Shillong, on Tuesday informed the public that some employees of CHC Pynursla have tested positive for covid-1 from 24th November 2020, they must stay at home for 45 days.
The need is to look at how to reduce these problems by providing opportunities such as training, building freedom of movement, promoting inclusion. .
In the last Interim Budget Session of India, the allocation of funds was too low, perhaps not enough if we have to follow this report, we have to look at other needs. .
Lynchi and sohpieng are also very clean from our country.
We don't want our children to live in poverty because our ancestors have done too much to the environment.
The prize money for the winners will be 5 lakh tyngka for the winner and 2 lakh tyngka for the runner up along with trophies.
He stands up and she comes to him.
The involvement of various sectors to discuss and work together on these issues with responsibility and sharing of information is what can make a difference in the midst of the challenges posed by climate change" .
Nowadays, education here in Shillong has declined and many parents prefer to send their children abroad like Delhi, Pune, Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata and so on.
According to the beliefs of religious groups, it is said that such a difference in the appearance of the moon may mean that the world is near, or that the day of judgment on mankind is near.
Because at this time when the Hynniewtrep people are fighting for the rights that we deserve in terms of employment and other rights that we deserve. as a nation.
The Minister congratulated the MSOA, the Sports Associations and the Sports Department for their contribution to the successful hosting of the Meghalaya Games.
In the Super Division, Nangbah Mulang beat Mynthong 3-1
He said that the factories will continue to operate, but they must follow the rules.
The government has written to the army and hopes to get a fruitful reply," sources said.
The Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Monday said that the Government has already identified nine districts as hotspots of drug addiction and trafficking. drug trafficking and consumption, and districts where drug use is high.
On the other hand, it said that the Fazel Ali report (which suggested that Telengana should get the state for five years and after that it will choose whether to join the state) Andhra Pradesh) and this report should be removed and the country should be divided into five presidencies.
“He used to say that we are only children, but now it is clear that children also have their own rights and the High Court has also ruled that there is a high level and issued an arrest warrant. Expressing that the people do not trust the MDA Government, Bah Dkhar said, “If we look at them, Whether it is from the Police Department or the District Administration and the Government, we don't have enough confidence in the working methods.
Jowai, Nailar 12: Hundreds of BSF personnel together with hundreds of students from Khliehriat have planted trees at St. Anthony's College Extension in Byn Dihati.
She said that she will take action to talk to the BRDC for the expansion and upgrading of the health center so that it can provide better services to the people.
“It also encouraged the management of JETS24x7 to talk to the Government authorities in implementing this service to the public.
He said that the residents of Umjaraiñ will receive more blessings besides being already on the map of tourists famous for the hot spring or umshit if they can include Umjaraiñ as a village. It is the cleanest in India and in the world.
The people know that only the Congress party can fight against this religious party and discriminate against the minorities while the Congress respects the minorities and loves and respects the indigenous people and nations.
If the evil gives birth to the father or the husband, then those nations that give birth to the father should be changed to the birth of the mother in this world.
Looking back at the 2018 elections, out of these 29542 voters, 86.40% (25,047) out of 100%.
The union urges those students who have already submitted their marksheets to attend and the union also requests the parents of the students to attend. to be present on the day of the awarding ceremony to their children.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
For example, in the Basistha-Khanapara area, the Chief Commissioner said, “That the boundary should be fixed for the sake of Khadar rule...and that no part of the Khasi Hima should be established. in Kamrup and another part in the Khasi Hills, but for the sake of security of administration the Foreign Government is ready to place the entire Khasi Hima under Kamrup...it may also be that the Deputy Commissioners under the authority of They shall exchange land between the Syiems or between any Syiem and the Foreign Government and the Chief Commissioner shall be ready to confirm this.
Rina Tymsem, 58, of Pynursla, died at Nazareth Hospital, Shillong while Yensidora Shabong, 73, of Mawlai Nongmali, died at Robert Hospital, Shillong.
“It is worth mentioning that police have recently arrested a PSO of the HNLC from Shillong and they have admitted that through his phone they have found witnesses. satar on the illegal extortion of many people.
The Waheh Shnong of Umkiang, Umkiang District, today lodged an FIR against the Range Officer, Samdakiyo Shullai at the Umkiang Patrol Post in Lumshnong. Police Station.
As we cannot control the power of love, hate, jealousy and so on.
Dr RC Laloo unfurled the tricolor flag and delivered a speech on the development of the state and the vision of the government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma as Chief Minister. the state.
This book is an example of many freedom struggles and the Bible is full of stories of political emancipation.
The National People's Party (NPP) candidate Md. Abdus Saleh has won from Rajabala constituency with a maximum of 1926 votes after the counting of votes for the bye election in the constituency came to an end today. second.
In December 2003, four new languages ​​were included in Annex-8, COI, namely Dogri, from Punjab, J&K and elsewhere, Santali, spoken in Odisha. Maithali is mostly spoken in Bihar, Jharkhand and elsewhere.
Therefore, if the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep understand that the jaidbynriew is now in the Intensive Care Unit, they should demand that all the national parties should unite in the 2023 elections, not from the for the sake of wealth or power but for the sake of reviving the nation before it dies.
He said the reason for the failure to sell is because the government has been stingy to seek permission from the Central Pollution Control Board to sell the dewbilat, although it has been able to work.
The US newspaper reported, “Coronavirus has been spreading for the past two years.
““The youngsters from Shella Village, although they have the talent to improve and play well in this field, unfortunately they don't have adequate training and exercise facilities.
Once again to be able to have their own land, for farming and to have their own household.
The Center should monitor the funds and quality of work as there will be a lack of funds in the budget of Ministers and Ministers.
“It is wrong to allege that the Pynursla civil sub-division is not working while in fact the people have benefited a lot.
This traditional Mediterranean diet has been recognized from time to time by health experts as the healthiest food.
Those who oppose the felling of trees for the construction of the 4 Lane road from 7 mer are exactly like those who oppose the 1500 villages that pass through this 7 mer road.
I have seen that there are people who hate and speak evil of you, and so I have decided to marry you.
“We have removed the NHAI from NE because the NHIDCL has shown that it can do the job better and one of the reasons is because we have created the NHIDCL to look after this area. “It's a good idea to turn your attention to other parts of the country,” said Nitin Gadkari.
The order also prohibits them from doing anything that amounts to aiding and abetting these anti-government protests.
Perhaps that joy will be the last joy or the last joy.
D Program offered by IIM Shillong and part time Ph.D offered by Jindal Global Law School and IIT.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) has expressed its deep sorrow after receiving many complaints from the public regarding the cheating of money by various companies, online gaming, online trading. just scams that promise high returns through low investment.
The purpose of this prayer is that God will protect and protect our State from this current pandemic and that God will protect and protect us in other parts of the country. State.
In her struggle, she has also been accused of involvement in the killing of policemen, suspected spies and other insurgents.
Shillong: The Chairman of the Regional Committee of West Khasi Hills District, who is also the Minister of PHE, Renikton L Tongkhar, today said that the District Committee set up by the State Government, which includes the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, has been appointed. The District Council (KHADC), the Hima Rulers and others have been set up to take forward the proposals to resolve the border issue between Meghalaya and Assam. and which will advance this sector.
Dhaka: At least 52 people have been killed and 50 injured in a fire at a six-storey salt factory building near Dhaka, Bangladesh today. .
Bah HS Shylla.
Shillong, July 25 : The Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui has urged the religious groups to play an important role in the election of leaders in the state.
But there are also parents who have children who are like strong sticks in their old age such children please their parents, when children can please their mother These children are not deceived anywhere because they receive the love and blessings of their parents and these are the trees that firmly of the parent.
“I am happy to be in Jan Sangh.
He said that the VPP does not hate Hindi, but speaks on the basis of the mother tongue that as a state should stand, because it is Assam's intention to force the Assamese language that will lead to the Hill protest. State.
Mondal requested the Union Minister to come forward and support Meghalaya as this is the best way to reduce the shortage of electricity in the State.
In another match, Pammanik won 4-2 against Tpeppale.
“Friends, they have the authority to hold a religion in 2021 as it appears in the newspapers,” said Pastor NK Nonglang.
During the inspection, Kong RM Kurbah, personally inspected the documents of each kitmar truck, by sending the drivers to produce the documents such as Chalans. with others.
He said that after finding sufficient evidence on the involvement of these two men in the assault on the 17-year-old girl, the Special Judge POCSO has been able to give a fair verdict. The court has sentenced the suspects to imprisonment for up to 10 years and under Section 4(1) of the POCSO Act.
The two organizations urged the DC to take strict action and punish these shops which have not complied with the rules of the Essential Commodities Act, 1995 and also urged to announce publicly the prices of food items. mardih in the district so that the public can avoid the shops selling food and beverages.
The President of the KHNAM State Youth Wing, Bah Thomas Passah, has written to the Executive Director of the State Disaster Management Authority (KHAM) to immediately remove the suspect from his post. The office should publicly announce the vacancy so that many unemployed youth can apply.
According to Dr Mawthoh, many changes have taken place in the urban areas and this is through the hard work of the NDWM. He said that the International Labor Organization (ILO) has recognized the contribution of domestic workers in the country. you court you country.
This was announced in a statement by the Publicity Secretary of UHM, Kitbok Wanniang.
However, it is another thing to shape a person when he grows up.
“I urge you to visit the office of the Directorate, as we have already installed new equipment and resources to assist in the tracking of calls. We have received and followed up on the Response System and there is also a website which has been relaunched to ensure that we can provide the best service,” said the Minister.
The writings received by the Commission were only from the Government of Assam, District Authorities and Police of Assam and from the people of Assam.
Shillong, Lber 29: The Sub Committee on KHADC Affairs of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today decided to withdraw its support from the PDF, the ruling coalition of political parties in the KHADC. The Sub Committee has yet to take the final decision of the Party.
“We are pleased to see that there is an increase in winning more seats than we did in the last elections,” Conrad told reporters.
Speaking to reporters, some of the mothers expressed their surprise at the behavior of the people's leaders who were elected by the people but acted like masters.
This shows that respect for fellow leaders is no longer there.
Remember everyone! Your trust without judgment is yours.
Jowai, Naiwieng 23: The registration of nomination papers for the mid-term election for 1-War East will be held at the office of the SDO, Amlarem Civil. Sub-division until 3 pm on the 28th of this month.
Electrical injury (loss of hands or feet, possible loss of both hands and feet and burns of the body or face, which can lead to death).
Shillong, Naitung 17: The Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA), Khliehriat Unit, has held a meeting on the 9th of this month.
However, it seems that the work has been done too quickly because within six to nine months the demarcation has been completed.
Three guards of the Governor of Meghalaya were injured when their Scorpio (ML10B-0227) collided with a Mahindra (ML05 0731) at 12:48 minutes in Mawlai.
Therefore, through these grounds and facts, we stand firm that Block-1 is no longer an area that has fallen completely under Karbi Anglong, Assam but an area that should be brought back to Meghalaya,” said the Forum. .
This deterioration of the road has caused a lot of problems to the residents, especially in case of illness where they have to walk for only a few minutes, but for hours due to the deterioration of the road.
They are proud that the customs and traditions of the ancestors gave birth to their children in the mother.
Bah Pynshngain said that in the state we have the State, District Council, Hima, Raid, Shnong and Dong. a system that varies from one to another, at different levels, from the highest to the lowest.
The crowd threw stones at the police and the police used sticks to tie the crowd and fired tear gas.
At the same time, Sohra received only 0.5mm and Umiam received 28.4mm.
There are 25 teams participating in the MSL tournament as follows – Mawlai Sports Club (SSA), 7 Wasa United (WJDSA), Pyndengrei SCSC (NDSA), Chipakkore Football Club ( DFAT), Jyntru (RBDSA), Rymbai Iawpynsing SC (EJHDFA), Mawten SC (MDSA), Warima Youth Club (WDSA), Seng Samla Laitryngew (SSA-Sohra), Mulait United FC (SASA), Riangdo Youth Sports & Cultural Association (MSA), Wasa FC (RSA), Umkseh SC (TASA), Sein Pynbhalang SC (LBSA), Seven United Sports Social & Cultural Club (PDSA), Atong Matrik FC (BDFA), Langsning SC (SSA), Rangdajied FC ( SSA), Lumdiengngan SC (EBSA), Khliehmawlieh YC (NDSA via Playoff), Umrit SC (WRBSA), Ladthadlaboh SC (WJDSA via Playoff), Shillong Lajong FC (SSA via Playoff), Selsella Sports Association (DSAT via Playoff), Youth Sewing Club (ASSA).
Those of you who want to know why I wrote “Ex.Rev.” have reasons.
This is corruption, this corruption causes a person to do what he should not do and for the sake of money he does corruption.
KHNAM said that there are areas in Shillong especially in Iewduh and other places, where it has been seen that the number of foreigners trading is excessive and the sub-section (e ) of Section 3B of the Trading by Non-Tribal Regulations, 1954 clearly states that the Executive Committee shall determine through laws, the number of licenses. However, the reply to the inquiry we have received on this issue shows that the EC of KHADC has not set or indicated how many licenses should be issued.
“As you have given me three days, I will do it,” the Vice Chancellor promised in front of the students who strongly opposed Nantu Das.
However, in this expectation, bad weather has hit some parts of West Khasi Hills District, where severe cold weather along with strong winds have hit. It has damaged not only the houses but also the crops which are the fruit of the hard work of many farmers.
It is unfortunate that Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit still remembers the old UDP, but the UDP which now has only 7 MLAs in the 60-member Dorbar, how much can it protect, when its MLAs don't know. ei-ei, because this matter has not yet been brought before the Cabinet.
"In the afternoon, a program was held to honor Sohblei Norbert Nodren Nongrum with a program of songs by Wanjop Sohkhlet from the same village, music by the youth of the Catholic Church Pynter. , musical performance and more.
(Mr. R. Nongspung) Shillong.
After the end of the match, some of the Khasi players of Laban SC, could not help but express their sad faces and expressed their anger against the foreign players. state that they came out and played badly until even the sound of insults and criticism was heard from the spectators.
He said that because of this, Dr Donkupar of the UDP has been elected, but if Dr Donkupar is still alive, the election is still with him.
Referring to the game on that day, the children worked hard to score goals and it was also possible to see the skill of the children to play even though the ground is not enough. In the second half, no one scored a goal.
The anger of the people is especially against Rajapaksa's brother, Mahinda Rajapaksa, who is the prime minister and the brothers have ruled Sri Lanka for nearly 20 years.
It is also our duty to find out about these things otherwise what is the use of our books.
It is impossible to mention the appointment of headmasters of education departments or schools which is often seen by officiating from District offices to Sub divisions or headmasters of government schools.
Nongpoh, Nailar 28: U Bah Blikstar Sohtun President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongtung on Tuesday said that the government should take action in the demarcation of the second block in Block II of Raid Nongtung in Ri-Bhoi District. The people and village leaders want all Khasi villages to fall under Meghalaya.
Finally, he urged the residents that if they find anyone who kills fish, wild animals and birds, they should inform the elders or the sordars. village council to take the necessary action and to punish them according to the law, in collaboration with the District Administration and the Police.
Bah Pynshailang Kharkongor who is also a VBD Consultant explained about the number of cases of measles in Ri Bhoi District in the last few years.
It is a witness or testimony that I or we have been saved.
Shillong, July 9: For the first time and unprecedented in the past years, the FKJGP Sohra Circle in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnong Mawkliaw will hold an awards ceremony for all the students of the village who have passed Matriculation and above.
Sherpa said India's presidency of the G20 has witnessed 112 victories under India's leadership, which is more than double the comparable victory in the G20. during his tenure as President of Indonesia in the past.
We have seen that the Bodo people have been protesting for the Bodo Territorial Council (BTC) and for the inclusion of the Bodo language in the Baphra Constitution, even the Bodo MPs have protested in front of Parliament.
Asst Secretary -Mr.Deibormi Dkhar
According to the Public Information Act, out of the 45 road contractors, only 3 are Khasi, while 38 are Dkhars.
The suggestion is that in areas where there is a lot of traffic jam, there should be more policemen to look after the traffic jam.
Khliehriat: Within six months, if the union does not see any signs that the NHAI Company will repair the road from Lumshnong to Malidor, the union will close down the toll gate of the company. Lumshnong, the union also said that if the company cannot improve the road and install toll gates, it has no right to collect taxes.
It is also for this reason that thousands of Khasi women have been married to foreigners because they cannot accept this desire of Khasi women.
However, the national team has not been able to change the results of its last match.
Twenty boys and girls including children have been selected to take part in this tournament in the presence of Team Coaches, Team Managers, Referees and Officials of Meghalaya State. Kickboxing Association.
He said that many of them are using stolen government IDs from Assam and other states.
They stayed in a house covered with wood and plastic to escape the rain and wind and to hide at night.
Shillong: The North East Forum Indigenous People (NEFIP) on Tuesday said that according to the estimates it has received, the number of indigenous people in the states of the North East has decreased.
The counselor of the department, who is in charge of the punctuality of the employees, has been punished for cheating on the time of his departure from the office. 5:15 p.m.
Therefore, no prayerful person can force God to change.
Therefore, the Kharkaia has thrown money at the officers and those in authority to close down the dams at Mawiong.
If a permit or syrnot-aibor is to be obtained for the use of corsawa or any other means related to the purpose of the meeting, political parties or candidates shall seek permission from the appropriate authorities. before and after obtaining those permits and certificates.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the total number of active cases in the state is
To the people he comes to offer,A better service;To bring about change,Let us allow him now.
However, if you don't know how to use it, it will be very useful.
He said the DCs have been directed to send urgent relief to the affected people.
As part of the preparations for the general elections to be held on 26th June, prominent political party leaders have been selected to take part in the election campaigns in Barak Valley next month. .
He said that women have a different spirit in which they are ready to help others.
The accident occurred at about 9 pm.
The fire broke out in the village of Lyptsi, about 10 kilometers or about 6 miles from the border with Russia.
On the other hand, the members of the Elaka urged the children of the Elaka to condole with the family members of the Doloi, to show a sign of condolences at such a time, to show solidarity and love as children of Nongjngi District.
Israel rejected knowledge, truth and did not even recognize their Messiah.
In the quarter final, Chutwakhu beat Maitshaphrang Mowtyrchiah 5-4 in a tie breaker, after a no-goal goal during the match.
The Maw-U-Tieng Sports & Cultural Club, Sohryngkham will soon hold the 1st Maw-U-Tieng Invitational Women's Football Tournament
DC East Jaintia Hills Maham Singh Lhuid will be appointed as Addl.Secretary to the Government and Director of Electricity Department.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the police are vigilant against this illegal activity and the government is taking action to curb it.
The Seng Samla leader also denied the allegation by the Acting Sordar that the SSM created trouble on the day of the Dorbar but said that the trouble was caused by the Acting Sordar's inability to conduct the Dorbar.
Anrisha Klein, U18 Event- High Jump.
Shillong: About 8.9 Congress MLAs have decided to join the National People's Party (NPP).
The disease has been confirmed in Maharashtra, Kerala and Madhya Pradesh, the health ministry said today.
From time to time, used water bottles, plastic, paper, and shopkeepers near these streams are thrown away. They have cleansed it through the tyndongs they have built.
Passah said this has happened not only in Mylliem C&RD Block but also in the entire district and the reason is the lack of funds from the central government.
How this demand for Garoland by the Garo (Achik) will affect us Khasi we will see later but now let us look first at this protest of theirs on November 5, 2018 in Shillong and the What do the leaders of this state protest group say?
The by-election was held after the sudden death of MP and former Lok Sabha Speaker Purno A. Sangma on 4th October.
Jowai, Nailur 1: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) and Phidalia Toi, a leading woman in Jaintia Hills, have discussed the issue of religious discrimination on Facebook. The SP and DSP of West Jaintia Hills today met with the SP and DSP of West Jaintia Hills to request them to take action on this issue. in the land of the ninth generation, and this will lead to the destruction of the society as a whole.
The CoHSO said that the protests held in Jowai, Umsning and Khliehriat and the three-day strike in Shillong are legal and permitted by law. Shillong: Former Sohra MLA Titossterwell Chyne today led the employees of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) to meet the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma to demand the release of the Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL). salary and also how to strengthen this oldest factory in eastern India.
They find it easy to read on their own without being watched or supervised, but the freedom to read on their own without being watched often leads to other activities that are interesting and too much interest in other activities. it counts the time and they don't have time to concentrate on their studies.
The Congress MLA from East Shillong said the Congress is pleased with the defeat of the BJP in the MLA elections in Delhi.
The JSU visited Khanduli after the release of the draft National Register of Citizens (NRC) in Assam where 19 lakh people have not been registered in the NRC. The JSU has also held a meeting with the Waheh Shnongs and VDPs of the area to urge them to take action to ensure the entry and exit of foreigners in the area. border area.
For families across the country, may God take special care at such a time and protect against the forces of darkness and the forces of sin that strive to divide and steal peace and there was rejoicing among the people.
Shillong: U Bah Joannes JTL Lamare, of Kynton U Mon, Nongkrem, wrote that nine people, including seven children, have been killed in the incident. R. Chandranathan, Director General of Police, Meghalaya, requested the immediate arrest and prosecution of Vicky Dey, for posting defamatory statements on various social media.
The filmmaker also hopes that Bollywood will produce more beautiful films in the coming years which will attract the audience.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: Laitlyngkot SC on Tuesday won the SSA 2nd Division Football League 2023 at the SSA Ground on Tuesday. SC vs. Jongksha SC ended in a draw.
“The round room of the House under construction suddenly collapsed in the middle of the night due to illegal work and contracting to an unregulated company from Uttar Pradesh,” Khera told reporters. in Shillong.
Rangbah Shnong Tyurso Umlyngdoh, Sisilia Wahlang President Umtngam Village Organization and other dignitaries also attended the ceremony.
The Sairang-Hbichhuah Railway Project will be our gateway to Sittwe Port in Myanmar.
D.Sun President of WKSU said that in fact West Khasi Hills needs this hospital.
It is equal human nature to be perfect in all respects, and it is also necessary for physical life.
A total of 239 scientists have announced in the past few days that the coronavirus is a disease that spreads in the air.
Rodrigues, during the investigation, confessed that they gave the poor girl alcohol and then tied her to a tree and then cut off her stomach and took the baby from her stomach. .
Hundreds of students from different schools came to take part in the celebration along with police chiefs and teachers.
However, the day before the meeting, on the 15th, a video of I Phermeki appeared in the news.
He has been the Head Master of United Christian High School in Pariong since
On the other hand, Samla Shining Lyngdoh, President of the HNYF, 20 Mer Circle, said that the HNYF strongly condemns the robbers who dared to steal the vehicle from the village.
Regarding Gill's suspension, the player has accepted it without any reasons and therefore there will be no special summons. part of you.
On the other hand, the Shnong through Bah HBR Lyngdoh strongly condemns this incident, which is unacceptable in the Shnong.
Villa Park – Birmingham, November 02: Up to 46 adults have been arrested following an incident before the kick-off match between Aston Villa and Legia Warsaw.
In the Miss Cherry Blossom category, Jollyne Lyngdoh Mawphlang and Lily Kharthangmaw were the first runners-up and Hakani Phawa was the second runner-up.
You have lost your parents since childhood, but you must not despair, you must work hard and your hard work will bring fruit of happiness and purity.
“I request the PHE department and the Urban Affairs department to work together so that the residents will not face any problems regarding the shortage of drinking water during this dry season,” he said. state.
Everyone was terrified," Fr Roland continued.
There was also a football final to commemorate Bah Bull and at the time of writing, the match is still ongoing, in the presence of Bah Cheristhterfield Thangkhiew, former HNLC leader and others. By Bah Philip MarweiñThe PHE water supply from Mawphlang has sustained about 5 lakh people in Shillong and if it stops for 10 days, Shillong will be in trouble. to bring about a great deal of awareness among the citizens.
Another problem is that there are no large private companies in the state to invest in projects worth tens or hundreds of crores.
He said that through Startup India, training will be provided in all aspects on how to develop various types of jobs and the government will help to develop jobs in health, education, factories. , company and others to promote employment opportunities.
The elections in Jammu and Baramulla in Jammu and Kashmir will then go to the first phase.
And the smuggling of trees with bombers and snipers, chew and others within 10 people.
Leaders of HANM Jaintia Zone, including President Mihsalan Thoo, Vice President Robel Pakma and General Secretary Wankishwa Mawlong, expressed their concern over the affected water wells. near Nongsning and Umrasong villages and urged the government, the district authorities to look into this issue and said that if the government does not do anything, the The organization will join hands with the residents to stand against the coke that is currently being operated.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on 8th June inaugurated the Sohphan Food Bank at Gulpani Nokat, Rongara, South Garo Hills in the presence of the Minister of Education and others. Rongara-Siju MLA, Rakkam A Sangma, Baghmara MLA and MGCC Chairman Kartush R Marak.
Therefore, the Japanese government has urged companies across the country to allow employees to choose their working methods such as taking three leave per month for those who have children.
The High Court issued this order on the opinion that the existing Umiam Bridge will not be able to curb the movement of over-the-counter vehicles.
Not only that, but the presence of only the villagers has made it easier for the State Government, because the struggle to eradicate the disease is greater and stronger from the villagers. In these days, they work without pay and without any expectations and this is a sign, which appears until these days, that the movement can be stopped. traffic and violations of the law by the residents.
“The Congress party will leave it to its MPs to elect the leader to take over the post of Chief Minister if the Congress comes to power in Meghalaya,” Gogoi said.
Apart from the Seng Ri Lum, the National Parties which have ruled Meghalaya for the past 50 years have taken advantage and mislead the people with false stories for their own benefit.
“The Meghalaya Government has not considered the Harijans who have lived for 150 years and served the State for the last 20 years and if they are relocated it shows the Government's bias against the Harijans”.
I am sorry even though I was in the Congress,” said Batskhem.
Health camps, information on Aadhar, Ujjwala and bank registration, success stories by government welfare scheme beneficiaries and drone demonstrations were held at the event. campaign.
Last month, the MBoSE has lodged a complaint with the Shillong Sardar, Jowai and Khliehriat Police Station.
I don't have a crane.
Speaking on the progress of the second phase of the border settlement between Assam and Meghalaya, Bajop said he is pleased that the first phase has gone smoothly and has been successful. However, in the second round, he said he does not know the real reasons why the nine villages do not want to come to Meghalaya.
In a statement, the Secretary of the MHRC said that the Commission has taken up a case against the non-payment of salaries of seven contract employees of the Transport Department in South Garo Hills District.
To reach $10 billion in revenue, the state can, but it is not easy, because the state's revenue will increase. ability from themselves, to collect taxes and bring in more money and the other is financial assistance from the central government.
He added that the people have to pay up to Rs 3 or Rs 4,000 in two months, within these eight months, he said.
In a video that has been circulating shortly after, the men have been seen throwing the fish into the river and one of them is still holding the nar and trying to tie it to death. the fish from the head and some of them were trying to pierce the mouth of the fish.
Four foreigners suspected to be from Assam were arrested inside the auto, while one of them escaped.
I'm the one who needs it, they come when I'm not there,” said the Rangbah and took the drink to the shop near the road.
Therefore, this is the reason why the people of your country have the same rights and freedoms.
At present, I am the General Secretary of this organization, and another organization is the Organization for Inclusive Development (OFID), which was founded by my friend, Bah Thomas Tajo, from Arunachal Pradesh. Province.
The CEM has ordered the Enforcement to complete all the works within 10 days, but if anyone ignores the announcement and order issued by the KHADC, the shops will be closed.
Nature provides the most perfect examples, ‘From the seed of a big fig tree comes big fig trees’ and ‘from the seeds of a tree come trees’.
“For our part, we are not surprised to reach the closure, because we are nearby and we see what is happening,” said Bah Banlam Kupar Lyngdoh, Secretary Mawmluh Village.
From the past, as it appears in the writings of Bah EM Reade Syiem, it is clear that we as a nation are not worried about our customs and traditions because in the first MDC election in 1952, the Party Khasi Jaintia The Dorbar which has promised to abolish the Sixth Schedule if it comes to power but as the elections have been held so far, at that time it is clear that it is the same in The people of this country have won only 50 percent of the seats, even though the Independents have joined the party.
The KSU branches outside the state will return to Shillong on the date of the election of the new office bearers of the Central Executive Committee (CEC) in the coming months.
The Meghalaya AIDS Control Society (MACS) has said that East Jaintia and West Jaintia Hills Districts have the highest number of cases of HIV/AIDS. The disease is also present in East Khasi Hills, Ri-Bhoi and West Khasi Hills.
It is worth mentioning here that yesterday, there was a landslide across the state due to heavy rainfall.
The special laws passed are the Sixth Schedule and Article 371 A in Nagaland and 371G in Mizoram.
“It is not the duty of the NHAI to improve the road because the road has been taken over by the NHAI,” said the Organizing Secretary of KSU Narpuh, Samla Skhemlang Lapasam. The union has requested that the NHAI should give only 10 days to clean up the water on the road in Lumshnong and Kuliang and also to build proper drainage systems along the road. The road has started to collapse and damaged. Even for 6 months, there has been no maintenance. It is alleged that this is due to the lack of proper work.
Allantry said this in response to the recent allegation by Vincent that the Ministry of Home Affairs headed by Lahkmen Rymbui of the UDP is the most corrupt department in the government.
“Ka Seng feels that what has been done for six months (April 2021-June 2022) has now come to light.
Regarding the internal test, the Principal was urged to assist the students as the students of the BA Morning Shift do not receive adequate classes or training.
The child was identified as Heimon U ru Mukhim and the Governor wished him a healthy body.
Shillong, Nailur 09 : As we approach the G20 Leaders' Summit in New Delhi, there is a consensus on the need for essential natural resources for the transition to clean energy.
We need a place to control through the age of technology when it comes to goods.
Gautam Buddh Nagar Police have alleged that the 10 pastors took part in the protest, which had nothing to do with the conversion of people in Kulesra village.
Third Party Groups have to submit a report to the JJM for any village in the past, when the water has arrived and the people start getting water after this the bill will be sent to pay the water bill. .
And Lyngngam, and7
The Seng also condemns the Government officials who came to inspect the school during the construction without any complaint or complaint against the contractor for his mismanagement of the school. The water inside the well is like a stream inside the house.
Shillong: There have been 558 new cases of covid-19 in the state today, while the death toll has risen to
“Our party has brought about this good governance and I am with the prominent leaders in Delhi.
Children should not be born before 1st July 2012 or after 30th July, 2014 and children are required to bring their Birth Certificate on the date of birth. Their age verification will be held on 5 June
Bantei is the son of former Sohra MLA Maham Sing Sawian.
We demand that action be taken against those involved," he said.
“I don't know, but I've seen these things.
The EJNC said that Dr Mukul's opposition to peace has been witnessed during his tenure as Chief Minister of the state since the bloodshed in Garo Hills, the destruction of the shooting of two persons in Mookhep and others.
Speaking to reporters, the Working President of HITO, Ri Bhoi District, Bah Banpynshai Umbah, said that the union has taken this decision to lodge a letter to the Deputy Commissioner. A complaint has been received from the transporters of syiar at Byrnihat that each pick-up truck carrying syiar has to pay up to T.30,000 before entering Meghalaya from Byrnihat.
Bah Latiplang said he was elected by the House and if he should be removed he should be removed inside the House. a special meeting was held today.
Conrad said Mukul Sangma has his own purpose, as he is involved in the sole trade in coal in Meghalaya and therefore he does not care about the problems of the people.
The final match was organized by the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) at the SSA Stadium First Ground, Polo.
Jhangir Alom from Lakhipur, Assam was arrested on the 30th of this month.
Furthermore, there will be 16 staff to provide training in crafts and counseling as well as doctors to visit the patients.
One of the youths of the area, Sylvanus Mallai, while talking to this reporter, expressed his deep sorrow over the exploitation of the bank employees. Instead of issuing slips, they sent the public to buy from a Xerox shop nearby and had to pay 5 tyngka.
He said the BJP will win 35 out of 42 Lok Sabha constituencies in West Bengal.
Meanwhile, a curfew has been imposed in all parts of Jammu city today, as there is a mass protest against the killing of these CRP policemen. Shillong: U Myntri Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has said that the government will strengthen the laws to curb the entry of foreigners and said that the Entry-Exit Point (EEP) at Mendipathar in North Garo Hills has been completed before the implementation started.
The Non-NFSA rice will be 7.215 kg per head at the price set by the Vigilance Committees which should not exceed T.14/- per kilo for urban and rural areas.
He also informed that there is a fee according to the price set by the government where two wheelers and four wheelers will have to pay only Rs.50, 6 wheelers will have to pay only Rs. .100 and vehicles with 10 shaka will be Rs.200 and Ambulances, Tractor Trolleys, School Buses, Fire Vehicles and Government Vehicles do not have to pay any fee for the installation of this Radium Reflector. .
Shillong, Nailur 6 : The National Investigation Agency (NIA) today issued a charge sheet against four HNLC leaders in connection with the bomb blast at the Star Cement Factory Colony Lane. East Jaintia Hills.
He said the newly formed armed group has links with the Nagaland armed group NSCN and is ready to send its first members for training. training in Nagaland today 17th.
“The State Government has already written to the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Central Government to request for assistance of T300 crore,” he said.
Meghalaya, which had to tied first after failing to win the toss, scored 113 runs for the loss of all wickets in 41.1 overs, while Pondicherry managed to reach the target in 43 overs for seven. wicket.
In this world we have never heard or heard of anyone who has ever buried a living person.
The Lokayukta may investigate any complaint of corruption against the Chief Minister, Deputy Chief Minister, Speaker, Deputy Speaker, Minister, Leader of Opposition, Government Chief Whip, Opposition Chief Whip, MLA, Chairman, Co-Chairman, Vice Chairman, Deputy Chairman appointed by the Government, Government officers, Government employees, Board employees, Corporations, Government Companies, Government Trusts, Autonomous Bodies, and District Councils .
The reason for the meeting with the MP was on the grounds that the Directorate of Higher and Technical Education has not been able to distribute the foodgrains because the Ministry of Tribal Affairs has not released them. the money to the state government.
But now it is not only that the syang has improved; The construction of houses will also help the farmers in many ways.
On 11th October, a day after the announcement of the date of the Lok Sabha elections, the Ministry has released the rules for the implementation of the Citizenship Amendment Rule fully operational after more than four years of approval.
He said that Jagan Mohan Reddy has fulfilled about 98 percent of the promises made during the 2019 elections.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Mukul Sangma said, “Yes, I will contest from both the constituencies including Ampati and Songsak”.
The music is directed by ShaNW Trang and FD M, while the Director of Photography & Editing is directed by Cores Marwein.
When asked about the RBI's decision, Singh on Tuesday told reporters in Indore, “First of all, the CM should have explained why the this is the cost of money.
He said the Government has taken measures to get another landfill and this work is ongoing.
The following are the information and instructions that the public should follow during heavy rains: what happens during heavy rains: traffic due to disrupted traffic flow due to road flooding/falling of trees and branches which may lead to traffic jams, heavy rainfall may to affect crops such as jhur, jhep soh, pai and others.
The Village COVID-19 Management Committee will from time to time monitor and investigate the movement of people into the village and will announce more rules regarding the use of medicines and deaths.
Talks are ongoing between Meghalaya and Mizoram to withdraw from the stolen areas and two cases are pending in the Supreme Court against Nagaland. and Arunachal Pradesh, Bora said.
The heavy rainfall during the rainy season has helped the members of the Committee to clean up the river from the upper parts of the river which flows from the NEHU campus.
So now people are gradually understanding the working methods of this government.
She recalled that she has received a clear reply from the government and KHADC that they will not allow UCIL to mine uranium without the approval of the people.
The SNSBH's 10-month deadline for the government to implement the VAB expired on November 5 after it held a rally and a meeting with the government on November
“The VPP doesn't focus on the elections but for the next 40 and 50 years, the youth and the future,” he added.
It is learned that Milari, was very angry, when the doctor, refused to examine her first, because she had not yet expired.
The KSU also urges the Minister to take immediate action to expedite the repair of this road and ask for detailed information in this regard.
Sreenidi is a strong team that has won two of its three matches at home.
The Shillong Cherry Blossom Festival is one of the biggest festivals in the State organized by the Department of Tourism.
By talking to the groups, the State Governments have been able to bring about the surrender of these.
The first Inter School Taekwondo Tournament was held at APS, Umroi Military Station.
We still have to fine-tune a lot of things," he said.
P.Wahlang on Tuesday called a meeting to review the order of the Meghalaya High Court which has directed the Deputy Commissioners to implement the order immediately.
In this regard, the Ri Bhoi Boxing Association together with the Meghalaya Boxing Association held a meeting and talked to the media at the Mawlai Mawroh Indoor Stadium.
The JAC is surprised that during the inspection, the KHADC officers did not arrest or cise the trees seized by the Hima. Hima at New Jirang Market and alleged that there may be something behind the arrest of these trees.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Prestone said that the government has taken action to follow up with the central government to include the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of India.
In this regard, the CoRP urges the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma to take immediate action to talk to the Assam government to protect his own land and especially the people on the border with Assam.
In fact, as customers who are familiar with this industry, they can identify sick or healthy cows, but it is different if they are doctors who have graduated and passed the examination. veterinarian, he said.
“It may be recalled that these three suspects kidnapped Bah Pynkhreh Surong and his vehicle and after that they killed him.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Brightstarwell said he will leave for New Delhi tomorrow to listen to the State Government's appeal to the Supreme Court after it lost in the Meghalaya High Court.
The scheme will be implemented in all hospitals in Meghalaya and abroad, said UP Bakshi, IAS, Secretary, Health and Family Welfare and CEO – Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme.
Police have explained to them that this is illegal, but at that time unidentified persons including members of the village authority have shown the police that it is not illegal. They also threw empty bottles and threw stones at police vehicles.
Delbora Marbaniang, 61, of Lummawbah, Upper Shillong, was admitted to Dr HGR Hospital, Shillong on 29-04-2
“When Modi was campaigning in 2014, he said he would expel all the mynder and campaign only for development but now he has brought in Bangladeshis,” he said.
On the recruitment examination within the Police Department, Conrad said, “If the Police Department had been able to count all the recruitments in the past and arrange them according to the roster system, they could have started recruitment immediately,” he said. .
The second floor of the Maternity Complex was built and the construction was completed in 2019, but due to the lack of elevator and lack of ramp, the Maternity Complex could not be opened.
The Bible is a Hammer “Is not my word like a fire?” Jeremiah 23:2
We must respect the old system of governance and make this system alive and strong and acceptable to the people,” he said.
Earlier, the PAC had vowed to punish the officials of the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department who were involved in the use of T.7.65 crore for the construction of a slaughterhouse in Jowai, West Jaintia Hills.
“There is no special allocation for other backward communities in our state.
“On the day of the hearing, members of KSU, Jaiaw, CSWO, along with the two cases, Trilian and Phlorinda, were present.
Maneesh Sethi, owner of Pavlok, a clothing company, has hired an employee to dress him and pays the dressmaker 8,000 dollars. per hour or T.56 and the job of the employee is to beat him one or two times if he opens facebook while he is working.
The death toll in Britain has risen to 980, the highest number of deaths in Britain.
However, according to our estimates, the Government needs only about Rs 250 crore to Rs 400 crore.
Chief Guest Ma Kmenlang Shylla Waheh Shnong Wahïajer in his speech said that about 60% out of 100% of the mothers are malnourished and every 5 minutes children die just because they don't get enough food. He urged the farmers to have a determined spirit to fight against the food shortage and at the same time he expressed his pride that despite the shortage of farmers, there is still enough food and drink.
Bah Pangniang together with the elders of the area, urged the government to turn its attention to the Secondary School, for the benefit of the children of the residents of the area. .
The KSU together with the Tuberkmaishnong Village Authority in the presence of the family members of Eleven Dkhar has paid tribute to this young man who has brought glory to the district despite many shortcomings that East Jaintia Hills does not have a place. She ran on the athletic track, but she was able to reap the fruits of victory in sports.
He said he learned of this after receiving a letter from the government regarding the ban on the entry of foreign brews during his tenure as CEM.
“Not only the tire, but besides the tire, we have to tie chains to walk and then they cut the chains and we have to go looking for the chains and it's too late,” said Tis.
Denial11:41.
Ampareen Lyngdoh said that up to nine companies have taken part in the tender of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare for the 108 Emergency Service, but the Government has not yet taken part. to any ria on this section.
But this time he was more important for his club and country, which he helped Argentina to win the 2022 World Cup.
He was perhaps the first MP after Prof. GG Swell in Parliament whom many MPs in the Rajya Sabha in Delhi respected when he stood to speak in the Dorbar because of his words and lifestyle.
Now, after she won, Mithunda has disappeared and has not said a word to her to congratulate her on her victory as an MLA. she didn't want to talk to me anymore.
On the other hand, after finding out that these foreigners do not have proper documents, the union has suspended them and sent them back to their places and handed over their clothes and left. also to the places where they rise Kali.
From the HSPDP, Bah Samlin Malngiang, MLA from Sohiong.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, expressed his satisfaction to see that these 647 SHGs and 58 VOs, have come to participate in the Mela and especially that they have been able to participate in the Mela. to show the people the things which they have made with their hands.
Where are the rulers? Almost all the parties are in this Government, including the BJP which is in power.
Nongpoh, March 12 : In a few months, the time will come for the people to elect their leaders from different constituencies in the state to the Legislative Assembly and as it is now to the Umsning Constituency. In Ri Bhoi, the number of candidates who intend to contest this election from this constituency which is one of the newest constituencies in Ri Bhoi, has started to appear.
This step will connect all BS-VI trucks and buses of Eicher to the Uptime Center in Pithampur, Madhya Pradesh.
In addition, the construction of the new Additional Office Building of the Jaintia Hills District Council has been completed and will be inaugurated on 5th November
In East Garo Hills, one case is high risk and in West Jaintia Hills, one case is under screening.
“We are deeply saddened by our brothers and sisters who have lost their homes, land, churches and schools.
The office bearers of the Youth Wing are Aibor Roy Thangkhiew as President, Royal Syiemlieh, Working President, Sweety Wahlang, Vice President, Teibok Kharkongor, General Secretary, Decerner Jyrwa, Asst.General Secretary and Seiborlang Kharbamon. , Asst.General Secretary, Mr. Gary Basaiamoit, Mr. K.Lamare, Organizing Secretary, Mr. Wallam Syiemlieh, Mr. Joachim Pasi, Public Secretary, Mr. Steward Malngiang, Mr. Mark A. Syiemlieh, Social Welfare Secretary and Kong Bansuk Syiemlieh, Finance Secretary.
Teinwell has been an MDC for many years and has also served as the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
He said that the state's receipt of funds from the central government, government officers know well how they receive money and how much they have received from the central government.
Jowai, Naitung 20 : The Border Security Force (BSF) 172 Bn on Tuesday seized nine (9) Kulai from a truck, which was intended to be smuggled to Jowai. Bangladesh through the border areas of East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong: The Steering Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday recommended to the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah HS Shylla to introduce the Clan Bill. get to give it proper attention.
The strike has affected the students of schools across the state under the banner of JACATAM from lower primary to higher secondary schools. the whole state.
“Any information related to this incident can be sent through the Special Cell by calling/texting/WhatsApp to 9366790273 or emailing the Specialcell.
The leaders of the committee said that they were surprised and could not believe the allegation of involvement of Bah Julius as it appeared in the newspapers that he raped a child inside various houses. They said that he is a good man who has never been involved in the constituency and they don't know that he has run away from the police because they are villagers who don't read newspapers.
The election organizers have been out to reach the Polling Stations from Saturday to Sunday.
Several government officials and Leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs will attend the distribution ceremony.
“You children are the future of the country and the nation and you need to work hard so that you can become human beings tomorrow,” said Bah RV Lyngdoh.
“The government has already sent more than 3500 teachers to train and despite the financial crisis the government has provided assistance to hundreds of schools to meet their needs to improve education in the state,” he said.
The Mineral Concession Rules 1960, issued by the Comptroller General, Nagpur, allows persons who own less than 4 hectares of land to obtain a license while in Meghalaya, only persons who own land less than 4 hectares are allowed to obtain a license. less than 100 hectares.
However, the SP said that the three men sent the two children to take away their clothes.
But I want to keep my own race to myself, even when I get married.
Shillong, July 20: As a sign of appreciation for the hard work and hard work of the Traffic Police in the city, Frank Motors today donated 300 Rain-Suits to Shillong Traffic Police to protect them from the rain while they are working.
In the boys' category, Nolikata SS played against Rodphod SS and the match was even more interesting but at the end of the school Nolikata SS became the winner.
Ms Lyngdoh said the Instrument of Accession was the basis of the ancestors who negotiated with the British Government when they decided to unite with India.
Kohli's return to the squad could give India hope for the World Test Championship (WTC) final against Australia at the Oval, which is scheduled to start on 7 through July 11th.
He said that the state government should have arrested those involved in the border dispute between the two states, even though the two states are still in the middle of the border dispute. to the time and violate the social rules of demarcation.
After a while, Bah Shanbor, the father of the household, came out.
The sun stands for positivity, peace, happiness, excitement, justice, truth, light, and heaven.
On the same day, after the announcement of the budget, the price of petrol has been increased by T.3.18 per litre, while the price of diesel has been increased by T.3.09 per litre. hi Saturday night.
In West Khasi Hills, Mairang and Mawthadraishan will be transferred to Mairang Sub-Division while Rambrai Jyrngam will be transferred to Tyrsem Hall and War East Jaintia will be transferred to Amlarem Sub-Division.
At that time Ulrich Zwingli was abroad and many people had fled the village to escape the plague, but Zwingli, a great Christian judge and leader of that time, returned. to his country to serve and support his fellow human beings in the midst of that pandemic.
On the part of the O/C, Mairang P.S., he was awarded a certificate of valor.
God says – “Because thou hast kept the word of my patience, I also will keep thee from the hour of temptation, which shall come upon all the world, to try them that dwell upon the earth. , to test them that dwell on the earth" Revelation 3:1
They should look for tricks from any other political party to convince the voters so that their political career will not succeed, otherwise they will lose. in their good leadership.
Furthermore, till 18th November, 2023, these two groups have purchased 391 MT of sohsaw which has been distributed to the needy areas at the centers in Delhi-NCR, Rajasthan, UP and Bihar.
“In public awareness campaigns whether in the country or abroad, the ability to reach many youths helps them to avoid crime,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 24 : The High Court (HC) of Meghalaya has directed the State Government to follow the rules and regulations as directed to clean up the Umiam Dam.
On the other hand, the KSU also wants all the MLAs to discuss the National Education Policy, as well as the delay in starting the Shillong Medical College and the upgradation of all the Polytechnic Institutes to full fledged Engineering Colleges.
At the time of the incident, no vehicle was lost and no one was seen except three Pandits who were in the temple.
Shillong: The children of Barato-A, today received food aid from the NRE Pageant India Pvt.
The tournament will have three rounds, the first round and semi final will be held online and the final will be held on stage in Shillong.
Of course, to express the desire to be like that is not wrong but what is needed is to understand how much power it can have.
They contain a lot of minerals, vitamins and other nutrients that our body needs to protect itself from disease.
At the time of writing, the traffic jam is still severe and the district administration of East Jaintia Hills has also taken action to clean up and remove the soil from the road.
He said that the party does not have the Sitting MP from Tura, Agatha Sangma.
The match tomorrow 28th will be between Sailung Ïalong SC and Dulong SC at 2 pm.
In a statement sent by KSU Wapung Unit, KSU Wapung Unit General Secretary Hamewanpynhun Ryngkhlem strongly condemned the rape of this woman.
Shillong: Smit and Mawpat have reached the semi final of the Assam Rifles Invitational Football Cup after winning their matches at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium Shillong on Saturday.
“We welcome any suggestions from our leaders or MLAs and we will consider them carefully because they all have their advantages and disadvantages.
The Supercare Hospital has reached great heights as it is the first and only hospital in the North East to receive the NABH Certification for Nursing Excellence.
Although he did not agree with the idea of ​​“u rang khadar lama” or a man, that he should have at least two wives, he said that a Khasi man can register with the government. , only the owner's wife and he cannot register his wife.
In West Jaintia Hills, there are 37 cases and these include 5 cases in Demthring, 4 cases in Khimmusniang, 5 cases in Nongbareh and 3 cases in Mihmyntdu.
The girls of the school, who will leave for Delhi, are now fully prepared by coming to Shillong to train.
Adverb- Shohktien shonktien: a word that expresses or increases the meaning of a sentence.
Speeches were also delivered by these leaders and other members of the party.
Shillong, Lber 17: Members of the Opposition today strongly criticized the state government for failing to arrest Sub Inspector Nirul Islam who was involved in the rape of two women in Ampati in .
It is important to note that there is a four-step process to apply for refund under AB PM-JAY.
In the men's 4x50m medley relay, Meban & Group, Shella & Group and Mawkyrwat & Group won.
MeghEA is the first program of the Government of Meghalaya, supported by the National E-Government Division (NeGD), in the country.
Speaking to some of the residents in Khyndai Lad and Motphran, they said that this action of the Government will affect the poor, if maxi cabs or buses are no longer allowed to operate in these areas.
On the other hand, the NPP Ri-Bhoi District and Umsning Block strongly condemned the attack on the MDC from Umsning, Kong Macdalyne S Mawlong.
We, the present generation, would have understood better about that freedom if we had been in that past, because now we are no longer slaves and we have not experienced that sorrow and suffering. make us understand the value of freedom.
Most of the patients infected with the virus are still being treated in health facilities.
Shillong, July 30: The Election Committee of the BJP (BJP) under the leadership of Bah Khlur Singh Lyngdoh, State President of the BJP, has yet to take a decision on the election. The party will nominate its own candidate or support any non-Congress candidate for the Lok Sabha MP elections.
We are also saddened to learn that the government authorities have misused their powers to attack the ethnic minorities in Manipur, without receiving any punishment,” said the petition to the President. CAS President JA Lyngdoh and General Secretary Barnabas Nangbah.
In a bill brought by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma in the Legislative Assembly recently, it was said that the government has set a target to appoint 10,000 Village Community Facilitators to provide the services. assistance, explanation of government activities in each village to the people.
She said she does not trust the prime minister, who uses the forest to strengthen himself in politics and the HNLC, she said she has shocked and disappointed the Meghalaya government, but now she has hope. only to the Government of India.
The husband went straight into the house and shouted, “This cannot happen, this is my husband”.
Among the independent MDCs who have decided to contest are Pyniaid Sing Syiem from Sohryngkham, Banteidor Lyngdoh (Paidang) from Mawkynrew, LG Nongsiej from Nongstoin, Morningstar Mawsor from Mawshynrut, Hadrian Lyngdoh from Mawshynrut. Mawkyrwat, Latiplang Kharkongor from Nongthymmai, James Sylliang from Mawhati and Grace Mary Kharpuri from Pynrusla Constituency.
Symper Rangers won the toss and elected to bat first.
Captain Harmanpreet Singh, Amit Rohit Das and Abhishek scored two goals.
The Seng also demands that the Ministers and MLAs whose names have been named in the CBI investigation should resign immediately as a sign of regret over their actions.
Another woman, Mercyful Chyne, sustained injuries to her hands and feet.
At this meeting, the Minister explained the various schemes that the government has implemented for the people, youth as well as the farmers.
Because you protect those you love.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 27 : The Government has misused the money of the people by appointing its own people just to stay in office. those who have political connections by appointment as Chairman, Co-Chairman, Vice Chairman, Deputy Chairman, Adviser, Consultant and the appointment of retired officers.
This is that patients think too much about their pain.
Aryan Bora took 13 wickets for Myntdu.
After not being appointed within two years, these reservations can be considered dead".
After the mock exercise, a meeting was held inside the State Convention in the presence of the Chief Secretary, Bah DP Wahlang as the chief guest.
He said that after the announcement of the sub state, (L) Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh did not agree because he wanted to get a full state.
Many of the leaders of Sohra area are residents of Saitsohpen Elaka and have households in Saitsohpen Elaka including Shella MLA Dr. Donkupar Roy, Sohra MDC Dr. Donkupar Roy. Donevan Kharwanlang, Sohra MLA Titos Chyne and several candidates from the two constituencies have households in the area of ​​the Elaka which the Elaka recognizes as residents. .
“We just suspect that the workers were trying to pry open the spray tires – which led to the incident," he said.
They include 4 high risk contacts, 8 cases from outside the state, one case from SARI, one case from Mawlai Mawroh, one case from Nongrah and 3 cases from Rynjah.
This is completely wrong,” said Bah Sanbor.
Shillong, June 18: The All Khasi Hills Chiefs Federation (AKHAF), Shillong on Tuesday approved the construction of the road on the border of South West Khasi Hills District from Bagli to Mahehkhola. .
However, there are other cases where the word 'jing' should be used according to its requirements: for example, a drink can be anything that is not umsoh, umngap, umsnepkor, umslap and so on. ter.
Jesus of Nazareth, the King of the Jews.
Referring to the youth players, the Principal urged the students to play hard and remember that there should be a spirit of respect for the game.
Shillong: The Awakening India Movement (AIM) Meghalaya has sent a letter to the President of India, Dropadi Murmu, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chief Minister of Meghalaya. regarding the request not to make Meghalaya the home of those people who have survived the bloodshed in Manipur.
U Bah Paul has always asked the leadership in Meghalaya, whether there are skilled people who can listen to other leaders and who are skilled to go to Delhi when the State is in trouble. .
According to the Minister of Excise, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, in 2023-24, the department expects the revenue collection to reach T400 crore.
The children of Niamtre came out in a spirit of unity, men and women, to celebrate Behdieñkhlam with the sound of bombs, the sound of tangmuri and chew chew.
“If we go and disturb the house of this deceased, our member will not be happy because it will affect his children.
“I am also surprised how the BJP leaders who are also Khasi have not explained to Bhagwat how to speak in Ri Khasi.
Many of the people involved in relief work also experience the joy in their lives of seeing those they help filled with great gratitude.
The 14-year-old girl, Purnima Talang, daughter of Pyn-I Talang, was arrested when she met a newly arrived policeman. ha Nartiang PIC.This incident happened yesterday at 12:10pm, when the body of the victim was found and seen at about 12:10pm.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the FKJGP, Bah Chandra Nongdkhar, said that the FKJGP expresses its deep concern regarding the incidents and harassment of the people of Assam. On this basis, the Seng has met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills to urge him to take action against these issues.
“Spending on sports facilities was more exclusive five years ago.
Jesus came to deliver, to save, to comfort, and to give hope.
What happened to that woman? It's light.
"If it's too early, son, when you've just made a promise," said the mother. "Yes, don't say that, mother, because this is a difficult task, especially if we don't have a helper," said Peter. Banisha “Doing it on time and thinking on time will save us from any trouble” said Peter. “It's enough, we'll sit down on Saturday when you come to work,” said the mother. mei" consent u khunJust as there is a conversation in the house of a woman, so there is a conversation in the house of a man.
The police chief said police have not laid charges in the case.
Kyrmen is healthy and strong.
“We have decided that this time we want to win all 25 seats in the North East.
To explain the objectives of the National Tuberculosis Elimination Program to the Rangbah Shnongs, Dr.M Mawrie explained the struggle of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to eradicate this disease. TB only until
Pahammawlein 20Mer Football Club won the cash prize of T.20,000 and a trophy, while Kongripara SC won the trophy. A cash prize of T.10,000 and a trophy, besides individual prizes, including the Best Player, Top Srorer and Best Goalkeeper were also awarded.
“The Inner Line Permit is very important if you don't follow the Protectionist Policy of the United States,” he said. Meghalaya.
The meeting was held at the Community Hall of the village and was followed by a rally from the Community Hall to the house of the victim.
The curfew will be implemented from 5 pm to 5 pm throughout Meghalaya, said FKJGP President Bah Joe Marwein after opening a meeting of the political parties today.
There are those who become rich without receiving a good share from their parents and there are those who remain poor even after receiving a share from their parents.
Similarly, the total number of recoveries since the beginning of the pandemic so far has been 4,41,53,504 and the death rate has been only 1.19%.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: U Janking Marak, a coal trader, has escaped from the hands of the GNLA on the 10th of this month. This month after he failed to provide the money demanded by the rebel group.
Vehicles can still pass only on one side of the road as the road has not been cleared due to the heavy landslide, rockfall, trees which have covered the road and they are still crossing the road. Shen will be able to clean up the road.
In Jaintia Hills and Ribhoi (Public), from 6 pm to 9 pm.
Sonia agreed that the defeat of the party was due to the increase in the price of beverages and other issues.
According to a statement from Samla Fullbackstar Shangrit, HYC leader, the meeting with the JE of BSNL was also after the HYC received the complaints of the people regarding the failure of the HYC. network in this area.
He hoped that this organization will not end for a while but will continue to serve the people of the area.
Sacred Heart's failure to score 11 goals was also the first time in the tournament this year which has set a history for Sacred Heart and for this Football League for Children Under 10 Years.
Super care or super killer, my brother is strong enough to die.
The Court has fixed the hearing of the case for June 6,
It is for this reason that drugs will spread in the state.
The Secretary General of the Federation, Kamala Kanta Tripathy, while presenting a report on the work of the Federation, said that the teachers have faced many difficulties during the pandemic, because they have not They don't have the opportunity to take classes or teach their children and have to take other measures.
Also present on the occasion were the Executive Members of 4ForALL including Bah Eroldson Dympep, Bah Benjamin Blah and Dr WD Phira.
They are also exempted from the requirement to pay income tax.
in They will also ensure that the public wears masks and follows the rules to protect themselves from the disease and if anyone is found not wearing masks, they will have to pay a fine of Rs.1000/-.
The deadline for submission of applications will be on the 3rd of this month at his home in Mawlai Nongpdeng.
Sikkim were reduced to 76/8 but Meghalaya's failure to complete the innings allowed Sikkim to score another 63 runs before the loss of all wickets.
The Shah, who came here, was not allowed to meet anyone.
“Mnt Rangbah Duh urged the Secretaries from various departments who attended the event to work in two areas – rapid economic development in each state and leadership of the districts. still behind.
Others include Rilut Dkhar Assistant Secretary, Lenis Suja Treasurer, Supply Sari Organizing Secretary, Marbiang Phyllei and Wanly Pohtmi.
At the same time, he said that at present there are no masks in the state and even in Delhi because they have run out of masks.
It is also alleged that these five persons have burnt down two houses in the lyngkha.
A special song was sung by Dr. Mark T Kharsyntiew, Incharge RHC and a prayer by Sr.
The Meghalaya State League 2023 started with four matches today 13th June 2023 at four stadiums across the state.
We are not stupid or blind.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District, today announced that due to the high number of cases of COVID-19 at Jail Road, and to prevent the spread of the disease, the District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District, today announced that all Shops and workplaces in these areas will be temporarily closed from Jail Road Filling Station to Hotel Polo Towers from 5 pm on 6th November 2020 to 5 pm on 9th November
In many cases, according to those in power, the price of electricity purchased from abroad is higher than the price of electricity in the state.
The five-day training program was conducted by Bah Sunny Mawlong, MD and Director of Hundredfold Academy.
These tourists talked to each other and said, “If the water of this pond is clean and sweet, it will be more beautiful. I still want to talk to them, but I'm ashamed when people because of them talk badly about us.
In any case, your children witness these struggles and challenges.
Police of the Cyber ​​Cell of Dwarka District and Meghalaya Police have arrested two Negroes and another Khasi, who were involved in the robbery of a Shillong resident. Your money is T.20 lakh.
In 1989, in Tiananmen Square, China, more than 3,000 young people were shot dead in seconds.
Imphal: Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma today strongly criticized the National People's Party (NPP), which is currently in the coalition government in Manipur.
They also said that most of the robbery, robbery and many other types of robbery happen from time to time especially at night where those who usually do these activities are the children who are young and who have been addicted to alcohol or marijuana.
“We will also write to the Shillong Municipal and PHE authorities to build and maintain the water pipes in Iewduh to improve the market and facilitate the movement of the people,” said the CEM. “Iewduh is a market and therefore, we have decided not to allow people to build residential buildings and those who do so, should leave immediately,” said the CEM. caused to introduce pollution and other impurities.
v).
To raise funds for this project, he said the party will hold a Brain Humor performance by famous dancer Zakir Khan on the 25th of November at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
“The world will say that those who pass in the Top Ten will want to be doctors, engineers, but I personally don't like them but I will continue my studies because I want to become a doctor. become a sister and that is my dream and it is also God's calling,” she said.
Wellsenstar Kharmawlong won the second prize while Kitkupar Nongsiej won the third prize.
Some governments love only people of one religion and not others and therefore it is difficult to overthrow them.
The completion of these centers will be from 1st November and instead of VHAM, MACS has handed over to the Mihmyntdu Community Social Welfare Association (MCSWA) to provide services to the people who have been disabled. ngop doesn't drink drugs.
Thus, those who lost the Khasi States Constitution Making Dorbar were elected in September 1949 in the Constituent Assembly and were able to pass the motion that was defeated in the KSCMD. Assam at that time did not have a shrieh head.
Besides the Minister, Phasmon Dkhar, EM-JHADC as Chief Guest, Andrew Shullai, MDC Jowai Central, elders, women and invitees were also present.
Meghalaya has reported 771 deaths from COVID-19 with nine deaths on Thursday.
On the other hand, the CEM said that the state government through the Tourism Department has been able to improve and enrich especially the buildings of various Himas, fences, footpaths and many other things.
This is through the Rural Backyard Piggery Scheme, Progress.
On the other hand, the Sohra MLA urged the Minister to take action to allocate funds from the department to clean up this road which has not been painted for a long time.
“There is a lot of flow of waste such as shyiap and soil,” he said.
"The country's leading cricketer, Hardik Pandya is the special spokesperson for Hyundai EXTER.
Pynshngain said the state government has no authority to pass laws on any matter within the jurisdiction of Parliament.
Churches and places of worship shall not be used as campaign grounds.
On 11th June, 2019, the office bearers of the BJP Pynursla Mandal sent and handed over the application letter for the MP ticket from Shillong seat to Ma Shibun Lyngdoh, State President BJP Meghalaya through Bah David Kharsati, Vice President. BJP Meghalaya State.
Priyanka and Deepika have been friends since they starred together in Bajirao Mastani, one of the best films.
It is to be recalled that the Police Department in the State has recently announced the vacancies including Sub Inspector, Constable, Mechanic and Armourer.
Figo Syndai scored the goal in the 52nd minute.
India has been known from the beginning as a country of “Unity in diversity”, but where will the UCC be established? brought to this limit.
Conrad said there was no rule to ban any party from nominating a candidate but it was only an idea to nominate a joint candidate. meeting before taking any decision.
The total receipts are T.18,700 crore, the revenue receipts T.16,035 crore and the capital receipts T.2,665 crore, Conrad said in the House.
Many writers in the newspapers these days, have encountered and expressed the decline in the dignity of the people today.
The residents of the village have lodged a complaint with the DC of Ri Bhoi District but no action has been taken yet, the union said.
He said the party will take action to follow up on this issue and will meet with the state government authorities.
It is true that we need knowledge or wealth while we are alive in this world, but we must not throw away our dignity because it is more precious than wealth. than riches and knowledge.
The three children were rushed to the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
However, it may be easier to apply it when you read its rules.
Police sources said that one of the suspects surrendered in front of the In charge of Ladrymbai Beat House after fleeing the village immediately after committing the robbery.
Many supporters of the civil society will shake their heads in anger, and perhaps say that I am a shyllangmat.
Don't you know who appointed Toney Dey as the son of KHADC and JHADC? Has he been appointed by the Government (DCA) or has he been appointed by these two Councils? Where are the RANGBAH KHASI? ?.
The Border Security Force (BSF) on receiving detailed information from the intelligence agencies conducted a raid on the border of South Garo Hills district and foiled the attempt of the smugglers to smuggle these drugs to South Garo Hills district. the border of Bangladesh.
People who have risen higher in intelligence, understanding and humanity know how to appreciate dignity and manners.
It is also alleged that some wealthy people have paid money to these GNLA leaders to strengthen the party.
In addition, there will be a private shooting competition.
The injured mother was identified as D.Ruki Dkhar. The incident happened between 11:30 and 12 noon on the 17th of November.
Others who attended the opening ceremony were Minister of Home Affairs Roshan Warjri, Minister of Urban Affairs Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Sports Zenith Sangma, Deborah Marak, Minister in charge of AH& Veterinary, Kennedy C Khyriem, Parliamentary Secretary, Mylliem MLA RV Lyngdoh and others who were invited.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) on Thursday through the ROs approved the Torch as the flag of KAM Meghalaya for the upcoming elections on the 27th of this month.
At the same time, the court fixed the hearing of the case after six months and ordered that Justice Katakey should receive an adhoc payment of T.4 lakh besides other expenses. he acted according to the instructions given earlier.
From the signs, it was identified that the bomb was remotely detonated.
So far, the number of cases in India has risen to 29,75,702, with 6,97,330 still undergoing treatment, 22,22,578 recoveries and 55,794 deaths.
Can I become ill if I have Covid 19? 4.
However, the officials of the company, Jayanta Das, Regional Manager, Pankaj Sengupta, Development Officer and Durbo Jyoti Das, Branch Manager, thanked the insurers for the money. to T.21 lakh.
In Assam, 408 new cases of covid-19 have been confirmed today, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 8,9
"“Deisy listened carefully but didn't understand.
“The Church must be protected from evil forces,” said the Pope's message on 29 November
Shillong: The National General Secretary of the National People's Party (NPP) and Sniawbhalang Dhar, on Tuesday said that the Congress party is in the intensive care unit (ICU) and it will be useless to re-elect the incumbent MP candidate and MP. Vincent H Vice President of Shillong Parliamentary Seat.
After Jesus Christ ascended to heaven, He sent the Holy Spirit to convict people about sin, righteousness and judgment.
The body was found at Indraprastha Apollo Hospital, Delhi, according to doctors.
The HNLC has been protesting against the curfew in the past few days.
According to the report of the Comptroller Auditor General of India, hundreds of metric tonnes of coal have been wasted and the State Government has suffered a loss of hundreds of crores of rupees from coal revenue.
According to police, the drugs weighed about 6 kilos and were worth T.31 lakh if ​​sold abroad.
Shoppers should wear masks and wash their hands.
The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) under the leadership of its Vice-President, Bah Donbok Kharlyngdoh together with other members of the HYC on the evening of 17th June 2024 visited the Jhalupara Market, Upper Mawprem.
Initially, the ruling Republican Party thought that the investigation would take too long and that the investigators might explain and not be able to complete it, so they appointed a young member of the the Senate as Chairman of the Investigation Committee.
The department has introduced a scheme at the Mission called Community Livestock Protected Services where 200 tyngka is charged per pig and if there is a death of a pig, the money will be returned to the Community Livestock Protected Services. the pig farmer.
Shillong, June 30: More than 300 pedestrians on Saturday climbed the hill of Mawrynkhang, the king of the Mawbahs, at Wahkhen village, under the auspices of the Youth Hostel Association of India (YHAI). Meghalaya President Bah ED Nongsiang and other office bearers accompanied by leaders of the Tourism Trekking Team (TTT) from Wahkhen.
“Go to Assam, to the border and don't come to Meghalaya,” said the youths to the police.
The future generations need true, righteous, visionary and self sacrificing leaders for the benefit of the future of the people.
Mawkhar have lost for the fifth time in the tournament and are on the table with only six points.
The words of God's Word are true.
The Officer on Special Duty of the Authority, Prasun Dwivedi, said that about 100 officials have been employed to demolish these houses in an area covering an area of ​​about 10,000 sq. km. meters.
The total number of recoveries is 13,593 and the death toll is
The recruitment quota enacted from 12.01.1972 clearly states that the recruitment quota will be based on population.
He said that the party will never back down on this insult to the Khasi residents of these villages of Block II and the party will come forward to help them at any time.
Perhaps many people don't realize that there are many things that have been followed without understanding, even in the Khasi families who still hold on to their traditions.
Finally, after completing their own share, the rest was given for the distribution of the 'Three Langdohs' including Langdoh Chyrmang, Langdoh Tuber and Langdoh Ialong.
Therefore, the demand is well-founded and urged the central government to implement,” said Bah Hamlet.
However, he said the government cannot pass the resolution without first considering the issues contained in the UCC Bill.
But in my opinion, the biggest loss is education.
The motto of the party is “Ghorey Ghorey Aami” (we will enter every household).
However, although we feel that these are difficult times, we must also understand that it is the time that will end all these things, because as the clock goes from one minute to another, so will the time. tyllun from the struggle to the victory.
On the same day, the Ri Bhoi Police also explained to the VDPs of Umdap, regarding some of the provisions of the POCSO Act, Cyber ​​Crimes, NDPS Act and others. other to Ain.
The CCTV camera nearby belongs to the showroom but it too was damaged by the snowstorm.
Initiatives inaugurated by the ministry include transformational activities that reflect the Government’s vision to have an inclusive society, she added.
Also present on the occasion were Umsning MDC Donkupar Sumer, Mawhati MDC James Sylliang, ADMs from the DC's office, PHE officers from the DC's office. The DMHO and other departments including the Chairman of Umsning Town Dorbar Bah Dipul Ryntathiang and fellow members and women's organizations from all over the villages of Ri Bhoi.
We should not be misled by the understanding of others who are no longer human and so on.
Referring to the number of children who have dropped out of education, the Chief Minister said that it is a fact that the dropout rate is very high in the state. However, in the coming days, the state government will take care of this issue.
“We strongly oppose this decision of the Assam government and we will not accept the compensation,” he said.
Jowai, June 18: The 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy of the 3rd Division Football Tournament 2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today. 18th June at Kiang Nangbha Stadium, Jowai.
He said that this action of the NHAI has affected the people especially those who have to travel on this road – where the condition of the road has deteriorated with the passing of the days. .
Only three political parties including the HYC West Khasi Hills District, the HNYM West Khasi Hills District and the Ri Khasi Western Federation attended the ceremony.
Therefore, all devices such as mobile phones, tablets and smartwatches will no longer be allowed inside school classrooms from 1st July
So far, the government has sent many peacekeepers between the Khasi and Garo communities especially in those areas where they live in peace and harmony. The Khasi Student Union (KSU) has called for a meeting on the 10th of this month in Mawkyrwat so that the fire of ethnic discrimination will spread from this place to other places.
Information about SVEEP awareness training in staff awareness programs of IBA & DoP.The Department of Posts will place a special stamp (with voter educational messages) on the products do not send through the post office.
Shillong Lajong FC coach Bobby Lyngdoh Nongbet has introduced four players from the start by introducing Figo, Rajat Paul Lyngdoh and Ïohborlang Lyngdoh in the forward half. Lyngkhoi and Hamedamanbha Wahlang have replaced Bishal Lama, Sambor Kharsahnoh, Babysunday Marngar and Atlanson Kharmaw.
On the other hand, Bah HM Shangpliang asked the government and the fisheries department whether the state fisheries department does not have the scientists to operate the fish ponds and the duty of MeECL is to produce boarding does not look at the fish.
There is also a need for a place for dental treatment and to send more doctors besides the existing doctors at the CHC. The present PHC Mawlai Mawroh should be upgraded to a CHC. The PHC will operate in a manner that is appropriate for the health of the people of Mawlai circle.
“However, at such a time, the NSCN-IM is trying by all means to delay this soskular by raising the issue of a separate flag for Nagaland and also the customs. “They are aware of the intentions of the Government of India,” said a statement from Ravi.
Not only the troops, but Russia has lost many tanks, heavy weapons, aircraft and others.
Furthermore, the union said that until now, only in the market has been conducted the spraying of pesticides, but in the villages until now there has been no spraying of pesticides to kill the insects.
Woodland WK Hospital, Jowai will hold a free medical camp for women over 35 years of age and the elderly on 19th November.
We don't want to eat this Shillong rice"
I used to talk about this injustice to the old members, but now there will be no one to speak for them,” said Sarmah on his Facebook page.
The leaders of these organizations said that they will wait for the outcome of the meeting between the two districts and if there is no resolution they demanded that the Meghalaya government should immediately build a Meghalaya Police Station. The BPO of Assam has been appointed to Sabah.
He is still working today to empower us so that we can live a life of victory in our journey as children of God.
Jowai, Naitung 18: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) Syndai Unit led by its President Samla Pynshailang Suliang and its members today arrested a Bangladeshi who smuggled into the border of the country. India and who came to Syndai Village.
According to him, the outstanding amount for the payment of the purchase of equipment for the VECs in East Khasi Hills is Rs 40.47 crore.
Even David discovered that there is a demon, and this can be found in the Bible.
Maulana Jamil, a prominent religious leader in Pakistan, spoke at a program with Pakistani Prime Minister Imran Khan. , is God's judgment through the coronavirus.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong said that a Market Committee on Covid-19 has already been appointed.
With this victory, Shkentalang SCC has moved up to second place after Amlarem SCC which has moved up to the bottom of the points table.
Investigation is ongoing to track down the perpetrators and arrest more of those involved in the robbery on June 24, 2021, the report said.
Shillong: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) Bataw Unit has demanded that the district authorities should set up a market in Bataw to make it easier for the people of the area to go to the market during this time. to lock down.
The Enforcement Directorate (ED), which conducted a two-part investigation, arrested Education Minister Partha Chatterjee and his close assistant Arpita Mukherjee on 23rd March November of last year.
Chapter – The New Testament.
After the erection of these three trees, the Dorbar Niam was held again and was conducted by the Langdoh and together with the Waheh Sankur to discuss and arrange the activities for the Behdeinkhlam. on Muchai which is also the closing day of the Behdieñkhlam festival.
He said that according to the Khasi custom, land belongs to the private sector and according to the Supreme Court order in 2013, it has been made clear that land belongs to the private sector and even the mineral resources belong to the private sector. .
Then God will say: I have had mercy on the earth and I will not destroy it anymore.
“We have come to inspect this road with our own eyes and we have seen vehicles from food trucks and commercial sumos.
These border policemen, who have about 10-15 personnel, have to flee from the checkpoints to protect their lives, because they are too afraid of being stoned and shot with jri by those Karbi,” he said. The General Secretary of the HYC, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem.
'Ki Kowa Dosti' is a film that I want to watch, it is also a film that friends and family can watch.
The HYC was led by Tony Shylla, General Secretary of HYC Nongpoh, Samla Mission Tron, Vice-President of HYC Nongpoh and other members of the HYC.
Besides the Government schemes that we should receive, in Mawlai, I have also introduced a scheme from the Assam Rifles to help one of the schemes that has been neglected in Mawlai.
The Minister made the remarks at the National Conference on Child Sexual Abuse Material.
It was decided to discuss and review the memorandum submitted to the CEM of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council on 28th July 2022 on the issue of Reunification of the Labang Nangphyllut Dolloiship.
Lahkmen said that a society has been set up to look after and operate these buses.
Following the announcement of the Lok Sabha election 2024 in Meghalaya to be held on 19th June 2024, and the immediate implementation of the Model Code of Conduct, the District Magistrate The IAS of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya has issued several ban orders under sections 144 CrPC for the purpose of conducting the elections in a smooth manner.
:The music video entitled “Chnong Lajong” by Wandashisha Syiemiong and Khlaiñbor Syiemiong will be released on 20th November 2022 at 5 pm on my YouTube channel. and he was called the King of Kings.
Therefore, the union, being concerned about this problem of the people, urges and advises the management of various banks in Jaintia Hills to issue or distribute token numbers to any person who wishes to withdraw or deposit money. So that the people don't have to stand in line for many hours, but to listen to the call of the serial No. and if they do this the people will be happy and will be able to complete other tasks.
The dates of the examination have been published on the website.
Happy Makdoh, one of the ASHAs at Mawroh PHC, said, “I have just sent my work this month through my phone.
Before man was created on earth, Jesus was in heaven.
According to the Secretary, Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, 5884 animals have recovered, 101 have died and 2192 are still infected.
At the same time, the EC also discussed the budget session to be convened by the CEM on Saturday.
““We have expressed our concern regarding the implementation of the Roster System by the Government.
The court issued the order to sentence Edwin Sungoh on 5th November
“He confirmed that no contractor has filed a complaint against the new government, and there have been no questions raised because it is clear that there are no workers. Orders are not available.
Many also blamed Modi and Conrad Sangma for announcing the closure of places of worship to prevent the spread of the coronavirus.
And Jesus answered and said unto him, To day shalt thou be with me in paradise.
God says don't do corruption because corruption blinds the eyes of the wise, and degrades the words of the righteous and only righteousness and righteousness will be served.
Shillong, Lber 13: The Caving in the Abode of the Clouds Expedition 2024 has started from 28th July, 2024 to 22nd July and June,
The final was held in Shillong after the district qualifiers in Tura, Jowai and Nongstoin.
Women are not allowed to carry out the work of the village, except, in this age, to take part in the Dorbar Shnong.
The winners of the Olympic Day Run will receive cash prizes and certificates which will be distributed after the race at the SSA Stadium at 7:30 pm.
According to the residents of the village, it is said that just because of the presence of elders who have contested the post of Rangbah Shnong, it has caused a lot of trouble until it has affected the peace and order. peace and harmony within the village.
They said that the suspension was only verbal and was informed that it was an order from the higher authorities.
“I understand that the candidate on the one hand, doesn't feel confident anymore but on my part, I have to be confident first when the people have elected the candidate whom they will elect to send to the House. but if you are not strong, they will destroy you,” said Bah Synshar.
The group said that it will not stop striking until the government fails to implement the Fifth Pay Commission and pay the salaries of the employees for the remaining four months.
The Government supports the development of livelihoods in key sectors in the North Eastern States.
Peshawar, November 16: At least 160 people have been killed and 132 of them are primary school children in the worst attack in Pakistan today. Taliban, some of whom were carrying suicide bombers with explosives, entered the army-run school in Peshawar.
This reduces the need for contractors and uses machines for the distribution of food items under the PDS. Currently, four Annapurti systems have been installed in Gurgaon, Dehradun, Varanasi and Bhubaneshwar.
He said that he demands that the government should immediately implement this school because the presence of these schools will be a blessing to the students especially those who come from home. they don't have a coat.
Palestinian authorities said the death toll from Israeli bombings and shelling in the Gaza Strip has risen to more than 11,0 among those who died were children.
Therefore, the union requests the government to have compassion on the people especially at this time as they are facing difficulties in getting money to pay.
The order has been issued and will come into force from 4:00 PM on the 24th June 2023 and will remain in force until the 27th of this month.
Leader of the present age, Stand responsibly to protect.
“In the past two years we have not been able to hold the shad because of the COVID-19 pandemic but we have fulfilled our rituals,” said the Sordar. They came from all over the villages of Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
This was answered by the EM in charge of the department, Bah James Sylliang in reply to a question by Teilinia Thangkhiew in the KHADC. Hadrian Lyngdoh said that the KHADC has been collecting money from the Professional Tax since 1st June, 2015. The answer received is T.5,97,78,556 until 31st July,
Develop and strengthen political policies and strategies.
The Government of India should urgently talk to the officials of that country for the safety and welfare of the Hakki Pikkis," he added.
The legal notice sent by Bah K Kharmawphlang, Legal Counsel for Henry Lalremsanga, demanded that Dr Mukul Sangma should apologize unconditionally within seven days for accusing Henry of being a kingpin of drug trafficking.
After a thorough discussion, the KHNAM has decided that we do not need to respond to the Election Commission of India's recognition of Bah Adelbert Nongrum as President of KHNAM. The Election Commission of India is responsible for its own responsibilities as it is empowered by the Constitution of India to oversee political parties.
On this occasion, the students of the area also received information on the courses available at the Indian Institute of Hotel Management, Shillong including B.Sc in Hospitality, Diploma Courses from for those who have completed Class 12 and also Short Term Certificate Courses for those who have completed Class
In support of the Government's efforts to strengthen industrial activities in the state, the Chairman of the Meghalaya Industries Development Corporation (MIDC), James PK Sangma will soon convene a general meeting. Industry leaders in Meghalaya to form the Joint Consultative Industries Forum (JICF).
Despite the weather conditions, the match went smoothly and the two teams played in a beautiful manner which impressed the spectators.
Kylian Mbappe's goal against Clermont helped him win the Golden Boot of the tournament.
The chairman of the NDSA said that the NDSA will assist the Meghalaya government to implement training for the youth in the state who are facing unemployment.
The competition was inaugurated by the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills as the chief guest in the presence of Karlan Rymbai and Chaphrang Passah, former President of JSU, President and Secretary of Meghalaya Body Building and Fitness Association and others. the invited guests and the spectators.
Sugar intake not only affects the level of cholesterol but also causes weight gain, diabetes among others.
It is to be recalled that this is not the first time that BJP leaders from Delhi have visited Shillong, although it is the first time that the BJP leader has visited Shillong. The BJP in Shillong has strongly accused the party of trying to lure away the senior ministers in the MUA government and other parties.
He that believeth on him shall not be condemned: but he that believeth not shall be damned.
However, there are not many men here because it is a women's shop,” said Santi.
On Tuesday, the ninth day of its release, the film grossed Rs 23 crore in India.
Former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee died on Tuesday while undergoing treatment at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) in New Delhi.
Shillong, Nailar, 30: The HANM, after receiving a complaint that the Marba Hub Shopping Mall has been used by Benami and foreigners have been brought in to work in the area, has also closed down. After this, there was a complaint against each other but now the matter has reached a settlement.
She said that at the time of his disappearance, her husband was wearing a blue tracksuit and a navy dark blue swetshirt. .
Amit Shah – Minister of Home Affairs3.
“Many people have criticized the NPP government but now we have many MLAs from other constituencies who have joined the NPP party including Bah Kimfa Marbaniang from Rambrai West Khasi Hills.
Shillong: As usual, the Raj Bhavan, the residence of the Governor of Meghalaya, is open to the public every two days as part of the Independence Day celebrations. to walk around the grounds of the Governor's residence.
Remember that poverty will not affect these mothers.
In fact, many people have been supported in terms of government scholarships and competitors, who have completed their various studies and interviews.
It was also warned that no disturbance should be caused in any way from the 19th and especially on the day of polling all day which could disrupt the election.
Accepting this decision, Bah Renikton said he understands that the HSPDP, which has its own MLA, if it does not elect another candidate, it will look stupid.
He said that the VPP is not a party that comes just to contest elections, but to fight for the issues of the country and the nation. stay on this earth.
He said that as of now, Meghalaya does not have a Police Outpost in the area, but he has taken action by asking the Mawlasnai OP Police to take action. to these villages, so that it may be a peace to the people who live in these villages.
It was also decided to pay a small salary to the Class II officers of the council.
The World Bank has also urged Pakistan to generate revenue from agriculture and other sectors, about 7% based on income growth and income generation potential. - which departments, as part of the revival of its income in the coming years.
Meanwhile, DCA Minister Bah Lyngdoh said the meeting agreed to expedite the need to pass the VAB but this will depend on the speed of the District Councils to implement what the government has done. she had already instructed them.
The program was attended by Alfond Kharsyntiew, Secretary Hill Farmers Union (HFU) as the chief guest, Lister Warjri, District Project Manager DDU-GKY, Mawkyrwat Block and others. Representatives of government departments from Basin Development Prime Project, Mawkyrwat, Skill Development Office, Adhaar were invited to give explanations.
A souvenir will also be launched by the chief guest and donations will be distributed to Rilang Children's Home, Dr. H. Gordon Robert Hospital and Christmas Makeover Khasi Channel which costs 25,000/- each.
There have been 37 deaths and 896 new cases in the past 24 hours, the highest number of cases in the country, the government said today.
“You use the app to find a car like uber, but these cars don't have drivers.
“The UDP and the HSPDP have already announced their decision as the RDA has already prepared together for the Lok Sabha elections.
Speaking to reporters at his tit farm in Mawduh, Marshra said that one of the easiest farming activities which can generate lakhs of rupees per month is the title rep.
" And today, when you leave this place, I am sure you will be even more inspired to do something for my people and country," he added.
Shillong, November 10: The employees of the Shillong Municipal Board under the banner of the Shillong Municipal Employees Association (SM EA) are now ready to lodge a complaint in the High Court against the government for not responding to their protest. which has been held for two days.
Dr. Hiteswar Sarma said that the cleaning should not be filled with meat but it is made in a modern way to clean and fill the mouth and to do this you have to do only once a year for three times and it will take up to three years to clean the mouth and also to improve the speech of the children so that they will avoid stuttering.
The Minister of Urban Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh will be the chief guest while the Archbishop of Shillong Diocese, Rev Dominic Jala will deliver the keynote address.
So according to the Word of God, if a man is born once, he will die twice.
Speaking to media, the Convener of the JAC, Bah Leonel Nongkhlaw, said that the electricity department has withdrawn 11 villages from the Upper Shillong Distribution Sub Division. After being transferred to Umlyngka Distribution Sub Division, the residents have to go to Shillong at the office of the Electricity Department opposite the Secretariat. any work only within 6 mer, such as paying electricity bills or making new connections or any work related to electricity.
Besides Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh as the chief guest, Bah A Shullet, Horticulture Development Officer, Bah KB Lakiang, DHO East Khasi Hills, Bah Tyngkai Mynsong and others were also present. fruit farmers and beneficiaries and others.
During the workshop, questions were also asked and explained to get understanding and clarification.
Prestone said that the Cabinet has recently decided to allow the members of the State Legislative Assembly to speak in the Khasi and Garo languages. Khasi and Garo in his speech at the launch of the book “Ka Lapalang Ha Riwar” written by Dr Bashida Massar, Lecturer, St. Anthony's College, Shillong, on 25th November 2022 at St. Anthony's College, Shillong. Anthony's College, Shillong.
Shillong: U Bah VGK Kynta, Chief Advocate of Meghalaya, today filed a petition in the Meghalaya High Court, against the smuggling of cow meat, which was thrown on the footpaths. in different parts of the city, such as Motphran, Iewduh and other roadsides.
After talks with Japanese officials, it was said that these people who illegally sought information and broke into the Japanese network were people in power and who had relations also with the Chinese military.
“It is not a BJP government, it is a company government,” Tikait said.
Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat through the Khasi Department celebrated the birthday of the first father of Khasi writing, Rev. Thomas Jones I at Saitsohpen, Sohra on 22nd July
Shillong, Jaiong : U MLA of Mawlai, Bah PT Sawkmie on Saturday expressed his regret over the order issued by the Meghalaya High Court to the Meghalaya Public. The Service Commission (MPSC) has decided to suspend the recruitment process due to the lack of a roster system for the recruitment process.
There will be various programs prepared by groups and individuals across the country and abroad in connection with Pran Pratishtha in Ayodhya.
Generous alleged that the Custom office in Pynrusla is the dirtiest office and has collusion with smugglers of cattle to Bangladesh.
Similarly, man travels around, but it is through books that he can find a happy and peaceful life and bring about a prosperous and enjoyable life.
Khliehriat, November 8: The Jaintia Students Movement Eastern Region (JSU) has urged the NEC Khliehriat to repair the Ladrymbai-Jalyiah By Pass road connecting Mookhep village. The PWD department has not maintained this road for many years since the construction of this road.
The purpose of this public awareness campaign is to raise awareness among the people that there will be safety in driving two wheelers in India and to promote safe driving.
Rongsilajenti D.Shira, 39, resident of GAD quarter Motinagar, sustained serious injuries to her head and hand and was taken to Civil Hospital. to provide care.
There are 116 competitors, 29 women and 87 men from Shillong, Umpung, Shylla and Mawkyrwat, along with others. places.
The bringing of the Meghalaya Games to Tura has opened the door to sports activities and has also promoted sports in this place which is the wish and dream of the Chief Minister.
At this meeting, which was also attended by the ANTF, which is the drug trafficking team, it was decided to warn the public not to enter the Lawmali forest. and if they be found, they shall be punished according to the law.
At the same time, she said that although there is no rule that says a man or a woman should hold the highest position in the police department, she feels that women have a different way of thinking to show. not the women.
Today, there is no rainfall in Shillong and the above areas.
“It is possible that this new armed group of Karbi will once again commit acts of violence by demanding money from the Pnars living in Block-I and other various punishments so that the Pnars will They don't want to express their demands to return to Meghalaya as did the previous Karbi armed group.
If we talk about the issues that the state is fighting for, whether it is the issue of the implementation of the Inner Line Permit and the demand for the introduction of the Khasi language, they will become two issues that will be discussed before the time. elections.
Meanwhile, the prominent Bishop of the Republic of South Africa, Desmond Tutu, said, "I wonder what kind of Bible people read when they say that religion and politics do not conflict.
Many of the political parties have followed the order, but only the Congress party has fought against the order.
On the other hand, the DC has taken all necessary measures to provide immediate assistance and protection to the people affected by the floods.
According to sources, these engineers and officers were unable to hold the meeting because the people who had already waited for them drove them away and did not allow them to hold the meeting.
“How the Central Government is trying to amend the Assam Accord which for many years there has been bloodshed to prevent foreigners from entering our country,” he said.
The separation of DE from PHE was approved by the Cabinet in July
Teilang said the MDP members who came to join the Congress are the biggest supporters of the MDP who have won many seats for Martle in the past years.
It is learned that the MP's supporters also intend to take revenge on the protesters who destroyed the house of the MP. MP Shillong: Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Circle today raided mynder village Nongtalang Amlarem West Jaintia Hills and found that the Dkhars who were mysteriously working in this village were without proper documents. The union is also surprised that the construction of the Nongtalang College has found that foreigners who work mysteriously in the college do not have enough documents.
The counting of votes in Rajasthan, along with four other states, will be held on November
Therefore, he urged the leaders to create opportunities by providing assistance so that the youth of the state will not end up with the phrase, “jobless, jobless”. The establishment of many types of farms through government schemes will be one of the parts to open up opportunities for the youth to engage in many activities.
The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma, on Tuesday informed the House that the Government will set up the State Education Commission (SEC) within 10 months.
Last month, 16 million people were reportedly treated to prevent the spread of the virus.
The Citizenship Act has nothing to do with the deportation of illegal immigrants and therefore the concern of some people including Muslims and students that the CAA is against Muslims is unfounded. base.
Laitumkhrah MDC Neil Antonio War was also present.
The Bench said that they expect that before the hearing on the matter in the next five months, the KHADC and the Syiem of Mylliem will take action and send the report to the House. Judge.
When the Magistrate reached the Motphran Bridge, she walked up the bridge and ordered the clothes vendors who own shops (except those who sell in the market) to remove their goods immediately. otherwise the District authorities will confiscate their property, which they have to fight in court before being released.
Speaking to Rupang, Hamlet Dohling said it is true that the MUDA issue has won him the election this time and he has not yet seen how the files are going. “I have promised the people to release them from MUDA and I will do that, but I will do that. “I don't know how the laws are going, but I will make sure that MUDA should not harass the people,” said Hamlet Dohling.
The incident happened while he was on his way from Them ïew Mawlong to his brothers' house in Mawlai Nonglum.
Nongpoh, Lber 12: After the people of Jirang Constituency re-elected Bah Sosthenes Sohtun as the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, he promised as he did in the past years from 2018 to to continue to carry out development works in this constituency for the welfare and benefit of the people especially the outstanding aspirations.
“With the knowledge I have gained as a government employee, I want to make the new government respect the land managers, respect the local officers, respect the rules. “We have been improving these but we cannot eliminate them all,” he added.
Esther initially hid her Jewish identity, but Mordecai was one of the leaders of the Jews and served as one of the king's officials and received an award for his he delivered the king out of the hand of the robbers who sought to kill him.
The resurrection is wonderful and wonderful.
Besides the farmers who took part in the training programme, the training program was also attended by Kong Marian Maring, President of Ri Lajong Farmers Association. Paralat Toor, Vice President and other leaders of the organization.
“What is needed is that we first understand the voice of the heads of state.
A few days ago, a truck carrying stone fell from the Dawki Bridge to Wah Umngot, where the vehicle stopped in the middle of the night and the driver was injured.
Nongpoh, Nailar 02: The students of Alpha English Higher Secondary School today celebrated the Pre-Teachers' Day which is celebrated every 5th November. Dr. Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan at a function held today at the ground floor of the school.
Claim and objection forms can be obtained from the Office of the Deputy Commissioner and from Block Offices or FPS dealers.
He was not forbidden to meet his family and friends.
The source said that the reason why the law enforcement agencies have not allowed shops to open in the market is after the incident that happened yesterday, in which a woman who was a of the Boro community, was killed and it is highly suspected that the perpetrator is a Muslim who lives in the 15mer area on the Assam side.
The Rangbah Shnong was arrested by the residents of Nongtyngur village while he was trying to smuggle these biri to Bangladesh. three that byrni.
The participants from the state have shown well in the intermediate category where five participants have showcased their talents in this competition.
While the children are growing up, the scent of destruction appears in front of the door, while in front of the parents, the children are one thing, just away from the parents, they are another.
On the other hand, the KSU has strongly condemned the doctors who conducted the post mortem by saying that even after 8760 hours these doctors have not been able to submit the report. The hospital and the police department should take immediate action on this matter.
Finally, Bah Kyrmen Shylla appealed to the people to support Bah Eugenson so that he can win a glorious victory. MLAs who do not perform well can elect another MLA in
Dr. Chandan Mondal and Dr. Niraj Nayan supported the program by being the advisors and strategists.
Jowai, Naitung 07: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) today renewed the office bearers of its Ummulong Unit. Heybor Pariat.
After this was rejected, Manipur was affected and the High Court granted status to the Meitei.
The reason is that Christmas is the time when the children of any family finish school and receive the results of their examinations.
“If the government takes any decision against China, we want to implement it without partiality and we must show our strength,” she said.
Earlier, Mawphor Publisher Bah RM Marwein, who told about the journey of Mawphor until it reached its 25th anniversary.
“Marten has served the people for 80 years and it will not be able to carry it for another 10 years.
Through the participation of people, especially women, and the community in rural areas, the Jal Jeevan Mission has become a true mass movement or 'Jan Andolan'
We should not be afraid.
Shillong: The Rangbah Shnong of Shangpung Pohshnong, Bah Bantreilang Suchiang, today informed Rupang that the arrested man from Guwahati Airport, Ma Showmewell, is not from Shangpung Pohshnong, but from Shangpung Mission.
At present, the NRC in Assam has progressed and people who are not included in the NRC have started fleeing to other states in the North East and if Meghalaya does not do anything “It will be easier for people to enter Meghalaya,” said Bah Rani, who called on the 13 parties.
“I was thinking that he was dying of hunger or something, but when I looked at the fish inside the ksing, the fish water was enough, the fish's food was enough and the fish's food was still enough. , but he died and this surprised me and I can't understand why they died,” said Bah Syiem.
He added that this will pave the way for the path of excellence and knowledge in the field of music.
Similarly, in Nongstoin Block, many people have already registered for Aadhar but there are only a few places where they have been opposed and the people have not been able to do so.
The robbers were carrying weapons, two of them carrying a knife and one carrying a gun.
BJP National President Jagat Prakash Nadda has condemned the theft and appointed a four-member Fact Finding Committee to investigate the incident.
In this month, as usual, the results of Class XII and Matric will be released.
It is on this basis of the bud lum of the country that we remember on this day these heroes.
Many Christians cannot be trusted in office work, in business, many Christians cannot be trusted in government and society.
The residents of the area, who have seen the damage caused by the quarrying, have expressed their sorrow that the beauty of the nature in this area has been lost.
She said that the office in charge of schools had sent a message to her to come to their office. “They sent me to Mairang, they asked me and I told the Sahep that these are the facts. I don't work and the chief said that my school will have to be closed in November but now it has been taken over by others,” said the woman.
“The talks to evacuate the residents of Them Ïewmawlong have started since 1996 and 2018 when there have been clashes and deaths, but the government has not yet stopped.
A holy life, But full of pride, God has given us a false life.
Mawryngkneng, Jymmang 22: The KSU Mawryngkneng Circle after inspecting the PMGSY road from Mawkhanu, Jaroit to Nonghali and Mynriang last year, found that the road is in poor condition. The contractor has not been able to complete the road, which has caused problems to the people in many areas especially in the transportation of the sick to hospital and the delivery of agricultural products to the market. sha Hat.
The manifestos of the parties should no longer be looked at, because they have no meaning when MLAs and MDCs join the party as they please.
The meeting between the Minister of State, Bah AL Hek and the two MLAs of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC), which is farther away from politics, may have been the worst, in which the BJP leaders in Meghalaya Hek recently admitted that he had talks with the two AITC MLAs in Delhi. Meghalaya, Charles Pyngrope and Dr Mukul Sangma to join the BJP through drinking with him.
According to the policewoman, Marak allegedly called her to his residence at the 2nd Battalion grounds in Goeragre and tried to kiss her.
Ronaldo, although he came on in the second half, managed to stir up the Moroccan team and had only one chance to score but the Moroccan goalkeeper managed to save.
JD(U) Chief Sanjay Singh has admitted that two of his independent leaders – Pawan Jaiswal and Vinay Bihari – are not on the side of the party to give their support.
Although we are living in the age of science, it will never help the water shortage if the damage to the environment and the deforestation are not counted. detail continues the same.
