Speaking in the Budget Session on Tuesday, the Governor said the government has prepared a plan to ensure that the National Games will be a success.
On these days, no political meetings, public meetings, organizations or any religious meetings and sports events will be allowed.
Many armed groups not only in Meghalaya but also in other states of the North East where the leaders of the armed groups understand that the path of demand will not lead anywhere to escape. to the forest unless they come to the negotiating table.
Regarding the incident, the village authorities together with the owners of these shops, have lodged a complaint at the Nongpoh Police Station. The incident and to arrest those involved.
Phurly Suting, 52, of Umtasor, Birksuid, Ri Bhoi District, has been arrested on suspicion of involvement in the murder of Amison Muruh, 35, of Umtasor, Birksuid, Ri Bhoi District. He passed away on 23.05.2024 at Umtasor.
According to the President of KJDSTA, this is a step to improve education in the state as most of the teachers in the rural areas can be stingy only because they get adequate salary from the government.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jowai Circle on Tuesday handed over a house for the fire victims in Ummulong.
The months have passed and we are now entering the peaceful harvest season, so the poet sings “Kynjai ha la Ri, when the harvest has come, the sohbrai has blossomed...” (Duitara Ksiar).
The Syiem said that the vaccination center will be set up at the same place after they have requested the DC and on the 18th of this month it will be allowed. to open shops in the market but they have to open according to the rules of odd and even numbers.
The union said that if you turn back to the national highway NH44, you will see that vehicles are having difficulty in traveling especially in the parts before reaching the parking lot at 9 mer, which is only a little bit. Company G&R Infrastructure Project Ltd. to complete the project, but it has taken years and the union has doubts about the future of the company.
Even in Central Government jobs, the Personal Interview has been abolished and other states have followed suit, but why does the Government of Meghalaya still conduct Personal Interview for these posts or grades? and shall be removed and the appointment shall be clean.
These old ancestors gave birth to the young ancestors of Iang, Shnga, Dew, Sah, Mohrmen, Diengdoh, Lalu and others.
He said the number of arrests will increase as the search and rescue operations are still ongoing.
People who go to church are very humble.
Meanwhile, it was reported that the police department had built the house on the 18th of last month, but after the protests of the people, it was suspended but rebuilt only two days later.
The bomb hit the room of the MPSC Secretary, WAM Booth, but no serious damage was reported, except for the damage to some computers.
Over the years we have received a lot of support from the government, federations and others,” said Kamal, who also won medals in the Asian Games and Asian Championships.
He added that the residents do not know that this has happened, so it is the duty of the employees of the department to check and verify if there are meters that are not working to avoid fraud in the counting of electricity. and boarding.
These two parties are focused on the businesses they chose to have.
We have seen what happened in Mizoram in 2021 where Assam police were killed after a border clash.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister of Home Affairs expressed her gratitude to the PNB for its contribution and congratulated the bank for its donation to the villages in many places. in the country.
These are the good or bad things that come from within the family because if the family is destroyed, the society will not be destroyed. , said Father Richard.
Members of the Congress party today lodged a complaint in the Supreme Court against the Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly, alleging that he did not accept their resignation letters sent to his office. his.
In East Khasi Hills District, 105 cases including 2 Armed Forces and 103 civilians, in Ri Bhoi District, 9 cases, in East Jaintia Hills, 28 cases, in West Khasi Hills, only 1 case. There are 12 cases in West Garo Hills including 6 cases from the Armed Forces and 6 cases from the civilian population.
The Parliament of Nepal today approved an amendment to its map, which includes the areas under India, namely Limpiyadhura, Kalapani and Lipulekh.
“I am surprised how the T.28 crore was used, the EC doesn't know how the tender was called, I want the CEM to clarify in the newspaper why the tender was issued. because I don't see it in all your newspapers,” said James.
Nongstoiñ, Ïaiong 12: In a thorough investigation by this reporter, it was found that from each village on the border there are residents from Garo and Khasi villages who have registered themselves in both the lists. electoral roll of Meghalaya and Assam.
Members of KSU, FKJGP and others who met with DC Ri Bhoi on the proposal to take over the land of the army in Umtyrnga area. He said that the party itself expresses its opposition to the proposal to take over the land of the army in the area and said that it is in any way as the party cannot accept.
Meanwhile, the mid day meal workers also demanded to increase the honorarium from T.1000 to 5000/- and to pay an annual salary of 12 months instead of 10 months.
He said that most of the 342 households are Government employees while some of them have shops which have been established for many years in Them Metor.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that he has already sent a directive to convene a meeting of all political parties to discuss the peace and stability in the country. state.
“At a meeting convened by the Minister of Home Affairs in Assam between the Chief Minister of Meghalaya and Assam, the Central Government has ordered both sides to resolve the border issue through open dialogue. “We have to find other ways on this issue,” said Dr Mukul Sangma.
Minister Duh said that as a result, children in rural areas are affected.
African Swine Fever (ASF), one of the most common diseases that affects pigs and causes losses in pig deaths, has been found to have started spreading again in Imphal West district.
He said that only the BJP is working to empower the ethnic minorities in the states of the country and it has no intention of making them dependent on others like the Congress.
However, the brain is one of the organs that works without rest even during sleep, and therefore it is very important to take care in treatment to avoid mental restlessness.
In this regard, one of the youths, Fendry Khonglah, expressed his concern over the allowance of coal trucks from Assam to the state especially at this time when Assam is also facing the problem of coal. spread of Covid 19 virus.
With the Assembly elections in Arunachal Pradesh scheduled for next year, the opposition Congress in the state has been strengthened by the joining of two former ministers.
Khliehriat, July 10: The Jaintia National Council (JNC) led by the Finance Secretary, Bah Training Phawa today met with the District Medical Health Officer of East Jaintia Hills District. The union has lodged a complaint regarding the lack of electricity at the Sub Center in Tuber village which has been in existence for almost four months.
He also congratulated the State for allocating 8 percent of the budget to spend on health and urged other States to follow the example of Meghalaya to address the challenges in health.
He said that during the consultation, the government has also decided to spend up to 15 lakh tyngka for the tuition fees of these officers, and the courses that these officers can attend can be at online or offline, but they will not be able to take leave from their jobs in order to complete this course in various institutions.
The CID has raided the CMJ University after former Governor RS Mooshahary ordered the closure of the university after it was found to be operating illegally.
Minister of Home Affairs, Education and others who is also Amlarem MLA Ma Lahkmen Rymbui was the chief guest, District Sports Officer Khroobok Passah, ASSA office bearers and others.
The Seng will also discuss how to move forward in the fight against these evils and dangers facing the people of Mawshynrut.
All 30 MDCs have unanimously accepted the motion introduced by me on 27.6.23, to stand firmly against the Government of India's plan to establish this UCC in India. .
However, there are still few judges in the High Court of Meghalaya.
The patients and patients in Namdong area and surrounding villages under Namdong CHC have been facing problems due to the lack of doctors for 10 months after the doctor in charge of the CHC took leave.
After a while the Mawphu and Laitiam, Ryngud, came to unite under Buhsing II and Borsing.
AMPSTA Asst General Secretary T Tiewsoh said in a statement that AMPSTA does not want to take part in the strike of JACATAM because it does not know their demands.
The Dorbar Shnong urges all shopkeepers and residents to follow the government's guidelines from wearing masks, providing sanitizers and registers in their shops and keeping a distance from each other.
I have written my DO Letter on 25th November to the Minister of Home Affairs, Amit Shah to request for the implementation of these two issues, the ILP and the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Constitution. Fifth of the Constitution of the country," he said.
Furthermore, in the past few days, the low salary of ASHAs in South West Khasi Hills compared to other districts in the state has also been reported.
Shillong, Lber 17 : The President of the MPCC and MP from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, Vincent H Pala, on Tuesday said that the BJP will announce the results of the CSMC. The Congress has taken the right decision and should contest from both the Parliamentary Constituencies in the state as the Congress is the only party that stands to protect the Christians, the Rit Paid and the Riewlum. and for that reason, it has not left behind the Achik or Garo people by deciding to contest from Tura as well as from Shillong.
Speaking further, it was learned that the reason for the protest was because the Raid Sadew was called the Raid Sadew-Laitjem. that Laitjem is only a village but some have tried to mislead.
The HYC in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Tyllilang Mylliemumlong, on this occasion, received a small donation and handed over to the father, Bah Resterly Ryntathiang for treatment. The injured were taken to hospital immediately.
Their ability to create job opportunities and promote growth is evident in the implementation of many projects to employ young men and women and also to bring about the welfare of children. school is something we need to talk about," he said.
In Meghalaya, the NPP has won 19 constituencies, the TMC 9 constituencies, the Congress 7 constituencies, the BJP 7 constituencies and the UDP 7 constituencies. three Constituencies.
Quaise Energy is an electricity company that launched in 2020 under the guidance of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).
The public passing through this road is requested to stay temporarily for the safety of traveling through this road.
He talked to the residents of Kharnak, Samad and other villages and listened to their concerns and aspirations.
Eye: Testing eye pressure, glaucoma, power test, etc.e.
“If they say that Meghalaya still needs development work from Assam, then it is better for them to leave the Secretariat and hand over to the Assamese,” he said.
At the same time, Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, gave his words of encouragement to the players who played on that day, saying that they should continue to train themselves and live in football, so that they can continue to improve in sports activities and that they should also avoid the habit of drinking alcoholic beverages.
Regarding the disease that affects the ovaries, PID affects 24% of women.
Another thing is that these verses, as explained by the author, I don't remember to sing.
The North Eastern Service of All India Radio, Shillong was established on 3rd July 1990 and for the past 25 years it has contributed to the promotion, preservation and promotion of the traditional culture of The 50 KW SW Transmitter at Mawjrong Kyrdemkhla and can also be accessed through DTH throughout India.
These candidates include NPP candidate Allan West Kharkongor, PDF candidate Gavin Mylliem, TMC candidate H Khongsit, Congress candidate Lakyntiew Sohkhlet, UDP candidate Titos W Chyne and VPP candidate P. Room.
The Governor sought clarification and asked many questions from government officials and legal experts on the status of the VAB and its rules.
Dr Jemino Mawthoh MLA of Nongthymmai also gave a speech. There were also residents of Pynursla, Lyngkyrdem, Laitlyngkot and many other villages who loved and remembered him. Along with his children, Bah Kynsai M Khonglah, Kong Syrpailin Khonglah and many other dignitaries who attended the commemoration ceremony.
Dr. MS Konwar Major Donor, District Governor of Rotary Club was present at the ceremony.
Other speakers were Zandy Sohtun, General Secretary of KSU HEHU Unit, DK Lyngdoh Nonglait, President of FKJGP South West Khasi Hills District, Raymond Kharjana, Organizing Secretary of KSU Central Body and Wallambok Syiemiong. , Chairman of the Union of Village Youth Associations.
On the other hand, we see how Rahul Gandhi and other Congress leaders, such as Randeep Surjewala, Manish Tiwari, and Priyanka Gandhi, are criticizing the Modi government almost every day for the unemployment, decline in income, increase in petrol and diesel prices, demonetisation, lockdown, and others.
This is part of the process of allowing voters to participate in the elections to the Legislative Assembly of the State.
The Umroi MLA asked how many jobs have been vacant and allocated in the state from 2018 to
According to Father Sngi Lyngdoh, “... the description of the return of Jesus is very similar to the Lord's Day of the children of Israel, especially in the signs and events... the “Day of the Lord Lord" is no different from the Day of His Resurrection, because Jesus too, as the Messiah and the Son of God, is the Lord.
The CoMSO has staged a protest in all districts and civil sub divisions, East Jaintia Hills, West Garo Hills and Williamngar. of East Garo Hills, Tura at the DC office, Mawkyrwat, Mairang, Nongpoh, Jowai.
They also took action to ban the movement of people and vehicles from West Jaintia Hills to West Karbi Anglong, Assam.
The Medical Superintendent (MS) of Shillong, Dr. SS Nongbri said that they will continue contact tracing of all the staff of the hospital and all the patients and those waiting for the patients in these areas. hours.
These two organizations found these Dkhars during an inspection today.
Readyonstone Nongrum, 23, is the General Secretary of KSU Lawsohtun Unit and a member of Laban Circle. Lawson Unit.
In the case of cattle breeding, many people face problems due to the spread of insects known as simet.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 16: Nineset Secondary School, Mawkyrwat today beat Little Star Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat 6-0 in the semi final of the 12th Girls' Cup. The Chief Minister's Mawkyrwat Block Level Under-12 Years Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the office of the District Sports Officer, Saitsnad Stadium, Mawlangwir.
The Awaken India Movement (AIM) Meghalaya Unit has written to the President of India, Droupadi Murmu requesting her to take measures to protect Meghalaya and the indigenous people of the state from the change. like that poison.
NEHU Student Union President Tyrchianmitre Lipon, KSU President Ohibait Dkhar, Financial Secretary KSU Nangaibormi Sutnga, Project Manager of Rural Development Samla Franky Joushwa Lyngdoh, and other leaders of the NEHU Student Union were present on the occasion. The Khasi Jaintia Hills has been established.
Punjab has the second highest number of cases with 2,613 new cases yesterday.
An unidentified man threatened to attack Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath, in which security was tightened, the police chief said.
At a public meeting in Silchar, Modi said the bill would be passed in consultation with regional leaders and amended so that it would not affect the country. you're going to Assam.
The JAC has decided to hold a protest after sending a petition to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Arpit Upadhyaya, twice. The petition has been sent back to the Deputy Commissioner to ask the government authorities to complete the payment of the money which they have not received yet.
Prestone Tynsong said the Meghalaya government under the leadership of the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has done everything possible to resolve the protests on various issues. There was no loss of life or serious injuries on the part of the protesters or the police.
A. Sangma, Secretary, who is also one of the Vice Presidents of the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA).
Various missions for agricultural products are also in progress.
In Kerala, there were complaints that EVMs were not working properly in Cherthala in Alappuzha district and in Kovalam in the state capital. The Additional Chief Electoral Officer, Ashok Manek, said that these machines were replaced after they were found to be defective.
It is to be recalled that in the case of E.V.Chinnaiah v. State of Andhra Pradesh and Others, 2004, the Hon'ble Supreme Court, through 5 (san) judges, has overturned the the power of the States to divide the Scheduled Tribes and Scheduled Castes, because it is illegal, according to Articles 14-16 of the Constitution.
These include EJH: 1, EKH: 44, NGH: 1, RBD: 6, SGH: 1, WGH: 13, WJH: 8 and WKH:
The Minister of Electricity said that the fine has been forgiven not only to the factories but also to the people and this will be a one time settlement scheme.
Shillong: The two bridges in Ri Bhoi District, the Nar Bridge at Dwar Ksuid and the Damsite Bridge, although they are the most important bridges for Shillong, because all the goods These bridges are also collapsed and unsafe to pass if the trucks are overloaded.
However, according to the Socio Economic Caste Census Survey 2011, 76% of the residents of rural areas in the State do not own land, live without land and do not have land. which is his to cultivate, to inherit, and to pass on to his children.
Along with the video, articles related to the death of Khalistan Tiger Force (KTF) leader Hardeep Singh Nijjar in Canada were also posted.
The meeting was held at the KKVani Hall, Nongstoin.
She also praised the initiatives of the Ramakrishna Mission for organizing this competition and urged the parents to open the office of the MLA at Dr.H.Gordon Roberts Hospital. the health of their children, especially those under 5 years of age.
The article says that some of the workers have to stay in the village until late in the evening because no one has paid them.
The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Shillong, in a statement through the Deputy Secretary, requests all the Rangbah Shnongs (RSs), Rangbah Kurs and Kurs under the jurisdiction of the Council Please inform in writing the names of the Seng Kurs and various Kurs along with their addresses to the Secretary / Deputy Secretary I/c Lineage, KHADC. : 7085704096.
The Congress MLA took this step after the Speaker of the Assam Legislative Assembly, Biswajit Daimari said that electricity bills have gone up and the people should reduce their consumption. to save money to pay for electricity.
He was part of Madrid's three-time Champions League title from 2016 to
“Then how do you think we should fight?” asked the brother.
This was announced by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, in reply to a question on why the meeting was held on Sunday as Meghalaya is a state with many Christians who need to go to church.
On the same day, these motorcyclists also demonstrated their skills on the National Highway in Nongpoh.
(i) The rebuilding of Jerusalem and its surrounding walls as described in Nehemiah 2:1-9
This was announced by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on 21st June while presenting the Budget.
What does the Word of God have to say to us today? The same evil, evil viruses like Corona Virus, HIV, and other terrible diseases come only because people in the world do not fear and disobey God.
The ethnic parties have been able to take over the government but when we are in India, we cannot escape from joining those in the central government in Delhi, whether it is the Congress or any other ruling party.
New Delhi, Nailar 28: Prime Minister Narendra Modi today launched his new scheme, called 'Jan DhanYojana', which allows the poorest to access education. account within the Bank.
The proverb says, “And the prosperity of fools shall destroy them” (Prov. 1:32); These are the days in which it cannot be said that everyone is striving for that level of wealth to strive for prosperity to obtain the necessities in all aspects.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, who is also in charge of the Law Department, Ampareen Lyngdoh on Thursday said that there is no Provisional Permanent Residential Certificate (PPRC).
At this meeting, the KSU demanded that the DC should set up a temporary police station at Malidor Bridge to check the border crossing and quarrying by Assam stone traders in Wah Malidor.
Jowai Civil Hospital Ialong and Nongstoin Civil Hospital received pressure swing adsorption (PSA) oxygen plants of 500 LPM on Friday.
The Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDS) in collaboration with Khublei Germany has inaugurated another poor house for the family of Smiti Phawa, a resident of Lumpyrdi Mihmyntdu.
He said that in the MDC election he has received 6000 votes except 500 votes from Mawkynrew and now he has 3000 votes from Madanriting, Rangbih, Umsaw, Mawnarian and Mawiong. , Lyngkien Shyiap, Mawsing and Mawpynthih and the vote he will receive will not be less than 9000 votes which is enough to win the election.
The new cases include EGH: 1, EJH: 3, EKH: 32, RBD: 1, WGH: 3, WJH: 1 and WKH:
Indeed, it is a tool that people use in many ways, especially when there is a snowstorm.
“I am delighted that you have been able to take part in this game and I trust you to play from the heart.
The second article protects against the right to be treated unfairly before the law.
Where is this? We have not forgotten that nine Garo youths were shot dead in 2005, in Williamnagar and Tura, when Dr. Mukul Sangma was also in charge of the Home.
Councilor Wahlang is the BJP candidate, Equator L Nongrang is the UDP candidate, Alexander Kharsyntiew is the HSPDP candidate and Lambok Nongrang is the Congress candidate.
People will be surprised, police stations will be busy, but it will be useless because the world does not know that day.
To introduce a clear rule for the election of the full Syiem when the seat becomes vacant and to complete the election within three months.
He said that the monthly expenses of the Children's Home are about 15,000 rupees for household expenses, food and drink and other expenses. The land for the construction of the Permanent Building has been available but the funds have not been available yet. The children have been accommodated in the old buildings. to meet the needs of this Home.
This is because literacy and education are very important for our lives.
Jowai, July 21: The Art of Living Unit of Jaintia Hills District in collaboration with the Chilliangraij Dorbar Village Council today celebrated the 8th International Yoga Day at the Dorbar Hall of Chilliangraij Village Council.
To elect legislators and rulers (not leaders as has been misunderstood), we voters must elect people who are knowledgeable, unpaid, intelligent and Those who have education, then let us choose from among the candidates people who are skilled, fearful, reliable and free from corruption, who have a spirit of service, who are not partial, who are not religious, party, power and wealth, who do not turn into parties, and choose those who are free from sound moral character.
Shillong, July 3: The Khasi-Jaintia Butchers' Welfare Association (KJBWA) has decided to stop slaughtering beef from 9th July to protest against the continued slaughter of beef. I bought a cow from Khanapara, Bhoi.
Shillong, July 25: The National General Secretary of the TMC, Abhishek Banerjee on Tuesday said that if the party comes to power in the upcoming elections, the party will ensure that corruption and corruption will not be tackled. of the present government will be thoroughly investigated and those involved will be punished according to the rules of law.
They will be recruited in various ranks such as Group-A, Group-B (Gazetted), Group-B (Non-Gazetted) and Group-C. Force, Sub Inspector, Constable, LDC, Steno, PA, Income Tax Inspector, MTS and others.
They are educated and know what is right and what is wrong.
Furthermore, John Abraham encouraged these students who have been selected for the Super Elite Pathway Programme, 2023 to continue to work hard and to develop their talents. that they may reach the goal they desire.
Referring to the order of the Supreme Court to provide information on the cases against MPs and MLAs pending, Kharkrang said the party does not want to criticize anything against the Supreme Court. .
Compared to previous years, the number of students who will sit for these examinations has increased this year because there has been no selection test to select the students.
Relatives of the deceased and villagers of Unnao and Ghazipur have expressed surprise at the sudden arrival of the bodies in the area. buried in this rud wah and those who have no count at all.
He recalled that the MLAs have already sent a resolution to demand the ILP and to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​but until now it has not been implemented and also not to implement the MMDR Act. I'm still listening to this without saying anything.
"Whereas in War Shylla, War Mustoh, Nongwar and the Ri-War area, they don't write Jaid to their father or mother.
The arrested leader was identified as Balkarin Ch Marak, who is also the leader of the Garolad State Movement Committee.
If we continue to try to pass on the jait to the mother, the Khasi nation may disappear.
This shows that Meghalaya is one of the states with the largest number of crematoria in the world.
He was speaking at the opening ceremony of the Country Side Resort at Mawkhanu, Shillong.
So far, no one has identified her body, police said.
The opening service of the Welsh Mission Hospital on 25 October 1922 began with a song of healing and hope: “O God who heals through sickness...in hours of sickness, sorrow and grief.
Regarding the increase in the number of illegal liquor traffickers in Nongstoin, it is through the presence of liquor shops in Pyndenglawar village. She said that she will continue to monitor and not allow such people who destroy the community in the area.
She also urged the children as well as the parents to come forward if they need such assistance which the government has allocated for them and informed that if there are any complaints The District Legal Service Authority (DLSA) is one of the offices to assist those in need of legal assistance free of charge.
Never blame your husband if he comes home empty-handed.
Since the beginning of the 2024 MP elections, there have been some strange and surprising behaviors that the party leaders and its leaders have practiced. to justify themselves in front of the people, but these behaviors and ways of thinking affect them and the party they belong to.
The young woman said that after 1 year of returning to the state, she was happy to learn that this company
Referring to the Mines and Minerals Policy, 2012, the Minister said it is an opportunity for the coal miners to comply with the rules and regulations to be implemented by the government to protect the environment.
Furthermore, this illegal trade affects the economy by depriving them of trade rights in terms of taxes and market opportunities.
We demand that the government should stop misusing, wasting and wasting this money of the people.
The BJP will not remain silent while the people are being treated unfairly by the NPP-led MDA Government because they are against our working methods when we preach the slogan, “Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas , All Faith, All Effort.
He said that if the Government has not been able to provide clean water to the people, it will not make sense for it to talk about the Smart City or the $10 Billion. Economy', said the Chief Minister.
“Everyday struggle, everyday challenges.
In Himachal Pradesh, out of 68 constituencies, the Congress has won 32 seats and eight others. MLAs in Himachal Pradesh, while the BJP has won 18 constituencies and seven constituencies.
She thought that if her Niakha knew, if her teachers knew, if her friends knew, they would have been surprised and shocked.
At the same time, Kong Kurbah said that the distribution, storage and sale of fish treated with formalin or other drugs without permission is prohibited under Section 3(1) (zz)(v) of the Food Safety & Standards Act, 2006.
One of them, Jeffrey Lymphuid, 12, died before being taken to hospital, said Dr B Mawlong, Medical Superintendent of Shillong Civil Hospital. now it's time to go.
The NSCN-IM also alleged that the arrested man was shot and bombed by the troops inside their vehicle, even as the women were going to negotiate for his release.
The complaint was filed by the All Dimasa Students Union (ASU) Dima Hasao District.
In October 2018, Lat Ganga Prasad spoke in Hindi while the letter to the MLAs was published in English.
Meanwhile, Naidu, who left the State Legislative Assembly today, has announced that he will not enter the Legislative Assembly until the end of this term. , but he will not return until he is re-elected as the Chief Minister of the state.
The arrested man was brought to New Delhi and on Saturday, a court ordered him to remain in police custody for five days till November 27,
Ahmed's family members admitted that he was not arrested but he went to the police station. Reports said that his wife will arrive in Shillong soon as soon as she gets a visa. Bangladeshi journalists have come to Shillong to find out about Salahuddin.
HYC War Jaintia wants the District Council to revoke the labor and trading license of foreigners and not to issue licenses to foreigners without first checking the work they are doing. Publicity Secretary Samla Riki Mukhim.
The vehicles are tested in two parts for petrol and diesel, those who meet the requirements will receive a yellow certificate while those who exceed the criteria will receive a red certificate.
On the 5th and 6th the program will be for the Delegates.
“I cannot say what will happen to the small political parties, but if the people elect only one political party to be strong, these small political parties may not win much,” he said. this election is not coming"
Where they’ve tried to introduce new value-added deliverable technologies – such as teachers, classrooms, and money – in the Federal Government and in the State and it’s difficult for to implement the policy in a timely manner if these are not available.
The child was identified as Risa Talang, daughter of Silda Talang, resident of Nongjngi Khliehshnong.
Now you have applied for a residence certificate.
“This statement of this leader is very important in his position,” said the Seng.
The Secretary of Umkiang Village, Bah Nicholas Lyngdoh said, “The construction of the road by the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) has been completed because at present the people are facing difficulties in coming and going. Many school children have been unable to attend school due to the heavy traffic jam due to the poor condition of the road.
This is a school to teach the Khasi language to other non-Khasi ethnic groups living in the state.
Nongpoh, Nailar 16: Thousands of people from all over Ri-Bhoi District today flocked to the NSCA Pahamsyiem Square to witness the celebration of the 75th Independence Day of India. .
This was seen at a meeting held in front of his office in Nongpoh Pahamsohthri.
On the other hand, the referee had to award a tie penalty and there was a draw as the goalkeepers of both sides played well and no one won and a tie penalty was awarded again in the second half. Lever Union FC beat JR FC 4-3
It is a pride for our state that as the days go by, the sports industry has increased and this time the Athletics Federation of India has elected Bah Finely Pariat as the Manager of the team. India will qualify for the Asian U20 Athletics Championship to be held in South Korea from 4 to 7 July
Chinese mobile phone company OnePlus has had to remove one of the cameras from its phone after the United Kingdom banned the sale of the phone. and thou shalt not shondur the things that are inside the garments.
This is the proposal and demand of the UDP for the MDA.
Not only that, this fruit is also rich in vitamin A which can be beneficial for the skin and scalp.
Leaders do not fall from heaven but come from among us.
Yutang Kma scored 25 runs (3×4 and 2×6) while Dawanroy Nongpluh scored 21 runs (2×4 and 2×6).
Those in the Royal Household of England say that cockroaches and cockroaches have become a bit of a problem these days in London and especially in older homes, that They like to live and make skum in these types of houses.
"The psalmist said, "I will lift up mine eyes unto the hills, from whence cometh my help. My help cometh from the LORD, which made heaven and earth.
“I remember him as a man of great punctuality and I as a volunteer at that time I am pleased to express my appreciation for the opportunity to see and see how he worked as a fighter. “To get the state together with other leaders who with dignity and dignity without any symbol have achieved their goal,” said the Minister.
On Facebook, users should be careful with who they friend.
The Monolith Festival was inaugurated by former CEM, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem.
According to Titossterwell, the factory should not change the production of dewbilat but should produce as targeted.
Speaking to media, Bah Abadfaith Kharaswai, from Mawpen, said, “My visit here today is after I learned that my name has appeared in the list of recipients. benefits of MLA Scheme".
On the other hand, the IG of Meghalaya Fire and Emergency Services, Bah Francis H Kharshiing, congratulated the fire brigade for their hard work and extinguished the fire within two hours. nearby office.
The office said that they are still trying to complete the repairs so that the water supply can be restored as usual by the evening of Saturday, March 2,
Shillong, November 19: The KSU Mawkyrwat Circle has condemned Bah Rowell Lyngdoh for his misrepresentation of the ILP as reported in the media.
Shillong: The construction of the Mawphlang-Balat Road to Ryngku road under the PMGSY project has left the residents of Mawsynram Block in shock. They still think that they have got a better road with the implementation of this scheme, but when they see the implementation of the scheme through the contractor, it will be worse than in the past through the construction of the road. PWD (Road) construction.
“We as MLAs can take our own decision and the President of the MPCC has no authority to decide for us MLAs, we will take our own decision which we feel is good for us. “It's your constituency,” he said.
Bah Jara Iawim, Nongshken, East Khasi Hills District.
However, the inevitable reason for doing so in this regard is that the purpose of the election proposal is opposed to the election process.
●Nongleit Nongwan from outside the village are prohibited from buying from various shops in the village.
This is according to a statement by the SCPCR which said that since the implementation of the POSCO Act 2012, the first complaint filed under the Act was on July 4, 2013 in the POCSO Court. East Khasi Hills District and so far there are 2,566 complaints of which 1,984 are pending before the courts of various districts of the state.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Wapung Unit on Tuesday night deported foreigners who wanted to come to East Jaintia Hills to work in coal mining factories.
Sinha said the party will send a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to demand the appointment of a member of the family of the deceased.
On this occasion, we at Ka Sur U Paitbah EJH, express our deep sorrow and grief over the loss of such a man who was a good example for the future generations of Tuber and East Jaintia Hills. The whole district.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma said that there are many mental health problems, such as anxiety, mental health problems.
“The identification of the driver should be provided thoroughly, safety measures should be monitored for all motorcycles and these are some of the rules included in the Meghalaya Taxi Aggregator Operational Rules.
He said the government has focused on improving education so that the youth can understand that they can start their own jobs after graduation. to provide quality education to the children.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Khasi who came to exhibit these products said that this is the first time that they have come to Bengaluru to exhibit their products. , are completely free of chemicals and safe for the public to eat.
This tourism which tries to sell the beauty of nature to tourists is called eco-tourism.
I remembered how this Government has played an important role in denying adequate education to our children through the neglect of the department and the lack of resources.
The meeting was conducted by Samla Wallamkupar Nongsiej, Vice President of KSU Delhi Unit, Bah Victor Rani, EM of KHADC and other speakers included Pa'iem Phrestar Manik Syiemlieh. , Chief of Nongkhlaw Hima, Prof. Badaplin War, Head Khasi Department.
Mairang, Naitung, 7: After receiving complaints regarding the use and pollution of plastic bags in offices, schools and tourist attractions, the District Magistrate of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, through an order to issued under Section 144 of the CrPC, has prohibited the pollution of plastic or any item made of plastic in all offices, schools, colleges and tourist attractions within you district.
He said that it is the first time that as a former Chief Minister, he has heard only talk about those high levels and it has surprised him because he has never heard so much. .
She said that the PMMSY scheme, according to her understanding, is an important step taken by the Government of India and the State Government under the leadership of the Prime Minister who has worked hard for the development of achieve these objectives of this scheme.
“They have also sent a letter to the National Vice President for Meghalaya Dr Chuba Ao and the National General Secretary for the North East Region Rituraj Sinha for the reception. this proposal.
At the same time, India urged Canada to fight to eliminate and curb gang violence and to prevent incidents such as attacks on places of worship and holy places of ethnic groups. small paid within Canada.
As I mentioned, we have seen many development projects in the last five years and brought peace and order in Garo Hills.
The purpose of this march is to encourage the residents of Jowai and surrounding villages to protect and improve the surrounding area of ​​the Myntdu River which has been damaged by man.
Shillong: Three new cases of coronavirus have been confirmed in the state, two from East Khasi Hills and one from Ri Bhoi District.
And we will decide on the second part,” he said.
“At that time I spoke in front of the media and questioned the error of the Roster System by giving an example.
The funeral service will be held on 19/05/2022 at the Thadlaboh Presbyterian Church, Jowai.
All the larger streets of the market are no longer free from this crowd of market vendors and shopkeepers who spread their goods outside the market.
Shillong: The North East India Federation of Charismatic Churches (NEIFCC), Shillong, will hold a prayer and fasting service on the 26th of July 2020 from 6 pm to 9 pm. .
The areas closed to entry and exit are the Old Mines Office, CMCL School, Hospital, Residential Areas, Driver Restroom and Labor Colony.
“We have appealed to the High Court of Meghalaya on the matter and we are waiting for the decision of the court,” said Bah Warit.
The NIA has also agreed to investigate the bomb blast at the residence of employees of Star Cement, Lumshnong in
Writing under X, the Chief Minister informed that Prestone has accepted the post of President of the Meghalaya State Unit.
I would like to encourage all the youth of the country to continue to work hard to reach the level of fame by being an example to the future generations and also by being vigilant and avoiding the wrong things. but to have a strong foundation because the youth are the future and the future does not depend on tomorrow, but on us now.
This was the decision of Justice Sen on November 12, regarding the ban on issuing syrnot for the military examination.
The Seng also warns against speaking rudely, slander and slander.
In the women's category, Pdengshakap Secondary School beat Sawlyngdoh H/S Mowkaiaw 2-0 goals while Moodymmai Secondary School beat St. Claret Secondary School Phramer 2-0 Tie Breaker.
After the complaint from the residents that private vehicles should be used together to run Odd/Even, the DC said that according to the investigation report conducted by the district authorities, it was found that the vehicles They themselves have no part in stopping the traffic in these two places because they don't stop.
Meanwhile, Sherilin said that anyone who comes from the countryside or the city when they go to other places should remember the advice from home.
“We have already prepared and all that remains is to complete it,” said Zenith.
Replying to a question on the increase in tourist arrivals in the cities of Uttarakhand, he said the officials in charge of the damage caused by the attacks The environmental authorities have already monitored the urban areas with the highest number of tourists.
NEUFC scored their first goal in the 9th minute through Luis Machado.
For more information please call – 7085717725, 7005110084, 9366448528,
Shillong: The State Legislative Assembly today passed a resolution demanding that the Government of India should implement the Inner Line Permit under the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation,
Vote 100 percent and we will know what democracy is like.
And this confusion continues to this day.
Kong Linda KongwangClean clothes are very important in the life of every person because they protect the human being, cleanse the body, protect against the cold and also make the person beautiful.
As in previous years, the PGI 2020-21 ranks the States/UTs at 40 levels as the highest achievable grade which is Level 1, which is for the States/UTs that score above 950 points out of 1000 points.
However, until now, they have not been able to prove whether they have expelled only 100 Bangladeshis in the past three years, but they are the ones who brought Bangladeshis through the CAA. ; “But we will expel the Bangladeshis if we come to the government”.
The Chief Electoral Officer of the State, Bah FR Kharkongor on Tuesday said that Police have arrested 46 persons involved in the riots in two incidents in Phulbari Constituency and the leader. suspected of causing trouble will be held until October 3rd.
The repair work was led by Nehimaya Tyngkan together with his supporters and the residents of the area.
On the other hand, Ms Shylla promised to contribute to the Society in many ways.
The CEM spoke against the decision of the Court at the ceremony in honor of Kiang Nangbah.
Urmila has become the richest person in recent days, due to the wrong money in her bank account.
The Deputy Commissioner also urged the doctors in the district to take action and it is expected that the injection of children in East Jaintia Hills District will be able to reach 100 percent as East Jaintia Hills District has already reached 90 percent in terms of injection of children.
Therefore, the public is requested to complain to the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District or phone the Toll Office if they find that the dealers do not sell at the price or kilo. free No.1697, lane to the District Grievances Officer of East Jaintia Hills District.
In a meeting with Bah Hemborlin Kharsyntiew, Interim Sordar of Sylleiïawkheiñ, he said that according to his information, it was the former Sordar who issued the NOC, but the village has taken the NOC. The village has decided to allow the Seng Khasi to bury and not burn until another arrangement is made.
Tel Aviv: It is a beautiful city on the Mediterranean Sea.
Former Mawlai MLA PT Sawkmie and Khasi Authors' Society President Dr DRL Nonglait have also applied for the UDP ticket to contest the upcoming MP-Lok Sabha election.
“We have already sent a proposal to allocate funds for this scheme for this fiscal year,” said Kong Lyngdoh in reply to a question in the House.
The MCPF wishes a Merry Christmas to all the people of Mawlai Constituency and the State as a whole.
The Cabinet has decided that on the 24th of this month, the Cabinet will meet Amit Shah, Minister of Home Affairs, to discuss the incident at Mukroh. In tribute to those who died, there will be no programs of the State Government until 30th November 2022 and all festival in the state, will be cancelled.
During the meeting, CEM Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem gave his blessings to Bah DD Lapang and praised him for his services and contributions to the country. boundary.
Nongpoh, March 30 : The DMHO of Ri-Bhoi District on Tuesday met with the DMHO of Ri-Bhoi District, Dr.P Kharnary to discuss the unemployment of youth and especially to put the youth of the district forward if there are vacancies in the health department for the youth who have completed their education.
On the other hand, the applicants have condemned the college authorities for this injustice to the applicants who have struggled to submit the application forms.
So the present time is the time of the end.
It is learned that this village does not have a school and the residents send their children to school in distant and nearby places.
Samuel said NESO demands that the NRC should be for the entire North East and not just for Assam.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The second edition of the Film Festival has been held in Shillong after the first edition last year. The four-day IPFF will be held in collaboration with the Meghalaya Information and Public Relations (MIPR).
The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, Local MLA, Revenue and Disaster Management Minister Kyrmen Shylla and other government ministers will attend the ceremony.
He added that the CEO's office is ready to hold elections at any time with qualified staff.
Dih heat you still syaid shy shy.
There are still very few prominent sportsmen from the state compared to other small states in the North East.
The damaged house belongs to Mitrus Sangma and Banisha Lyngdoh, who have four children under the age of 10, at Dowgate, Nongpoh.
There was a discussion whether the state government through the DCA department has contacted the KHADC to provide explanations to the Governor on the VAB which was rejected for the first time.
On the other hand, the Dorbar Shnongs also want the Ministry of Home Affairs to amend Article 280, which will empower the Chief Executive Members to receive the same assistance as the Panchayats and It is understood that the Ministry of Home Affairs has agreed to look into this.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District has announced that the laws and regulations including the Disaster Management Act, 2005, the Indian Penal Code, the Epidemic Disease Act, 1897 and the Essential Commodities Act, 1995 have been implemented in the District. whole.
Expressing his goal is to improve the future of the state, Bah Paul said, “Meghalaya is a blessed state.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui said, “This issue is not a new issue and the contract teachers have been I have been meeting regularly since 2018 and since then I have urged them to be prepared to take the MTET examination in accordance with Section 23 of the National Council for Teacher Education (NCTE)”.
Bamanbha Shangpliang of Moodymmai took two wickets in seven overs and Mickey Marngar took two wickets in five overs.
This step came after the State Government signed a MoU with these companies on 7th November 2023, for the purpose of providing language training and recruitment opportunities for Three members of a family have suffered serious illness after eating a poisonous wild tit in Japan, UK, Singapore and UAE. The incident occurred on the 2nd of this month at Nongkyndang, Saiden Village, Ri Bhoi District.
He said that this school would not have succeeded if it had not been for the efforts of the MLA Nongstoiñ, who has taken the initiative.
Afghanistan, who took the lead, scored 272 runs for the loss of eight wickets in 50 overs.
Tribal Literature of North-East India (Editor).
The evacuation started on Sunday and covers the areas of Hammonds Plains, Upper Tantallon and Pockwock.
It may be recalled that the plan to meet Modi had been planned for a long time, but at that time there was still a Budget Session of the Central Government and the meeting could not be held.
Shillong: The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has warned that there will be thunderstorms and thunderstorms in parts of the state tomorrow. slap, whether it is light or heavy.
However, it is important for us to learn from the ribs that have become wise and progressive through cooperation with industry.
If the people still think that the election is like the World Cup once every 5 years, we have lost...The people will become stars after the peace.
The markets are crowded, the roads and alleys are crowded with vehicles and passengers who seem to be in a hurry to buy what they want, to get what they want quickly.
This scheme is also implemented in the heat and cold when allocating land for selling, to ensure that the allocation of land will be without any discrimination.
Nangbah Ïawmusiang have won the Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy in their opening match of the 1st Division tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA). They beat Moosyiem Shangpung 2-0 in Pool A at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
Furthermore, Kong Lyngwa encouraged all these awardees to continue to move forward in their lives and goals.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the Federation, Bah Andreas Nongkynrih, alleged that Rumi Chowdhury and a man named Rjib from Assam have deceived and misled the people through They have asked the public to deposit 1 lakh tyngka to win 3 lakh to 4 lakh tyngka.
Jairam Ramesh, MP Rajya Sabha, posted the sign on the ground floor of his house and said, “Why do you sell covid medicines, which are for our children”.
New Delhi, November 9: The results of the elections in Delhi today have created a problem in the capital of the country as according to the results of the elections, no party is strong enough to form a government alone.
Tomorrow's match will be the last for Langsning to play at home in the group stage.
Mutshwa said that the Waheh Shnong of Larnai said that up to 26 farmers' households have lost their farmland to these unidentified robbers and the damage has reached Rs 15 to Rs 20 lakh. of these farmers.
Sengbhalang leaders need support and encouragement so that their efforts can be fruitful and bring peace to all.
One counting table shall have 4 observers and 4 assistants.
He said that although the world builds fields with natural plants, why the SSA wants to clean up plastic plants is because of inevitable reasons.
Arunachal Pradesh beat Meghalaya in the women's U-17 category at the 2nd North East Olympic Games They beat them 3-1 at the MFA Turf, Polo Ground.
After the complaint, the foreigner was dismissed, but the surprising thing is that in these few days he has returned to work, which the union strongly opposes.
The rapid increase in the number of cases of Covid-19 in the state, especially in Shillong, has raised questions to the state government, whether it will be able to fight this battle. to reduce the spread of this disease in the state as a whole.
The Dorbar Hall has been constructed in collaboration with two schemes, MGNREGA worth T.20 lakh and MLA Scheme under the Special Rural Works Program (SRWP) at a cost of T. .2.5 lakhs.
The Prime Minister once again congratulated all the scientists, technicians, engineers and all the members involved in the Chandrayaan 3 Mission.
Salman was treated by doctors at Al-Salam Palace in Jeddah.
“The situation in Meghalaya has changed dramatically.
Seven-time Asian Championship medalist Shiva Thapa and Commonwealth Games 2022 gold medalist Amit Panghal won the day. the third of this lympung.
Sadly, some of us are making it just a festival to proclaim the greatness and power of the name of Jesus Christ our Savior to mislead those who do not yet know and recognize Jesus Christ and The most terrible thing is that some of us take advantage of the opportunity to spread in our own lives what the Word of God forbids against mankind.
The winners of the poetry competition were Akansha Priyadarshini, St. Anthony's College, Marbamonlang Rani, Chongboi Singson, St. Anthony's College, Sardonyx Milliemngap and Sharodi Hazarika, NEHU, Shillong. 21: The State Government has decided to send another inquiry into the safety of the bridge over Pung Umïam.
However, they urged that there should be no violence during the protest.
If the government remains silent and does not listen to the demands of our people, in the end we will not refuse to take the decision to stop voting, that it is no longer useful to vote, because we have just They are always being deceived by names during every election, but once they win there is no help and they never see those development works, which will benefit the people.
Micky Marngar (76) scored two goals for Mawkawah in the 32nd minute while Banshembha Ïawren (26) and Wilson Ïawren (85) In the 1st Division, Lawse SC beat Porshangbet 1-0
The names of the 16 players are Daphishisha Syngkli, Ellen Kynta, Imia Shylla, Kynjailin Sohtun, Juliana Syiemlieh, Alisha Lyngdoh, Inri La I Dor Kongthaw, Batiplang Khapiah, Eiladki Ksoo and Yulity T. Phan. , Danisha Lyngdoh, Shimtilang Thongni, Nibari Maring, Barikor Kurbah, Diamon Makhroh and Unity Maring.
During the meeting with the SDO Supply, it was understood that the reason for the lack of ration in the village is due to the lack of attention of the village leaders to arrange for the distributors to deliver ration for the villagers.
Police had to pump water from Pung Nan Polo (Ward's Lake) nearby to deliver water to the scene of the fire at Thana Road.
They said that the presence of kharmetor in the area has also affected the cleanliness of the area, has caused congestion and especially has caused disruption to the peace and order.
It is a shame to identify yourself as a Khasi if you don't know how to speak or write well in your own language and if many people speak English and Khalish to talk about Khasi! ground because of the inability to maintain and uplift their own.
For a life filled with heaven here on earth.
They were arrested on a complaint by a woman, Yurish Khongjoh (40) from the village, who alleged that the village leaders had evicted her and her six-year-old son. above, because they were deceived by the devil.
The District Government authorities have built footpaths along the roads in Tura and there has also been electric lighting and cleanliness in Tura to welcome President Droupadi.
Khliehriat July 2: Members of the Khasi Students Union Narpuh Circle led by Vice President Phanuel Tongper and Assistant Organizing Secretary KSU-EJHDU, Bah Olenbat Pdang, today inspected the National Highway from Mynkre and found that there are still many parts of the road that the employees of the National Highway Authority of India have not cleaned. and the ground shall be covered with water in the time of the rain.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has announced its approval to withdraw the recognition of the International Boxing Association (IBA) for its failure to The source also said that with the knowledge and understanding of the IOC, the The IOC, in connection with its proceedings, has now called on the entire federation to take a decision to hold the tournament as part of one of the sports in the country. program of the 2028 Olympic Games in Los Angeles.
Uttar Pradesh is still leading the Khelo India Para Games 2023 with 10 gold, seven silver and two bronze medals till Tuesday.
On the theme of the day 'Our World-Our Future and Gender Equality', all the members of the Movement were urged to work together for the betterment of the society, the District and the State. hi all.
The announcement was made in front of the MeECL gate, following the protest of the jugali supported by the KHNAM Youth Wing.
In one of the online competition conducted by Bah PS Lyngdoh to discuss this issue, I saw that there were those who supported and some who opposed.
In addition, APEDA held an International Buyer Seller Meet (BSM) in Guwahati, Assam on 10th October, 2022 where people from across the state exhibited their agricultural products. including GI tag approved products such as fruits, vegetables, ready-to-eat cereals, red rice, brown rice, musli musli, tea leaves, coffee, honey, processed meats, and other organic food products.
The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah Garod LSN Dykes, (IAS) today issued an order under Section 144 CrPc prohibiting the illegal felling of trees, quarrying and quarrying of stone from Wah Myntdu. in the adjacent parts of the River.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, DC West Khasi Hills, Bah S Kharlyngdoh said that he was informed at 1 pm that the Prime Minister will visit Mawphanlur.
I don't mean only in the dancing and mastieh in the streets to express themselves, as those who have been suited and dressed to be judges in the Legislative Assembly.
Shillong: Out of the 151 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills, 97 cases have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills and out of these, 49 cases are high. one case is ILI case, 2 cases are health workers, 41 cases are armed forces and 4 cases are SARI cases.
I don't know why I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Badaminot Nongphlang (45'+1) scored the third goal for Jyntru.
Shillong: There have been 397 new cases of covid-19 in the state today.
Lawse has its own forest which is part of the village of Nongstoin which is located in the north and east.
Sohra this month alone has received 4081.3 mm of rainfall.
In order to ensure the security inside the college, the Principal Sylvanus Lamare, said that the robbers entered the college yesterday morning when there was a school opening at 7 pm. from 9 pm to 9 pm, but outsiders will not be allowed to enter the house because there are guards at the gate, he added.
uRupang.com is still investigating the incident.
If the OBC share is 52%, the total reservation will reach 74.5%.
“The partnership between the state government through Coal India Limited, is equal in that it will be able to auction 6 lakh metric tonnes of coal, out of the 12 lakh metric tonnes, which should be auctioned, according to the order. Supreme Court' said.
Meghalaya's players are Debasmita Dutta as captain, Saee Purandare as vice captain, Ajima Sangma, Avril Syiem, Daika Warjri, Hajong, Pinky Chanda, Polly Mawroh, Rajani Lodhi, Rebeldalis Syiemlieh, Riticia Nongbet, Tiewshailin Lyngoh, Sanchisa Sangma, Solina Jaba, Sandria Momin, Ahireeta Mukherjee. Momin (manager), Wandashisha Dkhar (physio), and Priyanka Mondal (trainer).
If the roads are not paved, it will not reach anywhere because there is no space to improve the roads in Shillong.
Lyngdoh said if only the BJP MLAs and MPs did not take subsidies from the scheme, the government could have raised more than T.200 crore which Modi intends to distribute to those who don't.
KHNAM said it will also convey this demand to the Minister of Tourism Dr. Mukul Sangma and the DTO to take the necessary action.
“We are a unique Jaidbynriew in terms of culture and traditions protected by the Sixth Amendment whether it is from the land we own while other states do not have this right of ownership.
The competition was led by Ian Campbell, Olympian (1980 Moscow Olympics) who set the world record at the time, and Alistair Tait, Global International Coach from Australia.
As the party which looks after the welfare and development of the people, we are deeply saddened by this incident, because in the past two days there has been a meeting between the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam. “We have discussed that there should be no riots on the border, but now we have witnessed this sad incident and the people in the state cannot accept it at all,” said Bah Mayrald. born King.
The time will come when our honorable CEM will amend the law again: “That those children of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum who do not give their jait to their father should be cut off.
The CEM said the government has not listened to the voice of the people regarding the Meghalaya Building Bye Laws,
Have I become a Pnar just because I went to live in the Pnar areas? Have I become a Khynriam just because I went to live in the Khynriam areas? Para Kur, para kha baieid, I leave it to each of you to think and ask carefully on this issue so that you will not be deceived by those who have passed and those who will come.
The HYC suspects that the claim of the Meghalaya government that it has not received the SSA salary from the Indian government is false and unfounded.
Therefore, the Central City needs to have another road construction scheme to cover all the villages like the Special Road Program so that those villages which do not have roads due to the lack of population, can get roads, he said. this Friday.
The Rangbah Shnong was also present in the presence of the Secretary Shnong, Samla Pyndapbiang John Lyngdoh and Bah Min Makri who is one of the elders of the area who took the initiative to bring about this project. with the aim of benefiting the people of the area.
He was appointed after the previous leaders were overwhelmed by the CBI and ED. He is in charge of foreign affairs with Israel.
Speaking on the Congress candidate from Pynthorumkhrah, Bah Lyngkhoi said it depends on the decision of the Congress leadership. I must live".
He also encouraged the families to use more locally produced products in the production of goods to promote local entrepreneurs.
Shillong: There have been 482 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today and 9 deaths.
The incident happened at 11:30 pm today when AS-01-FC-0316, driven by Jesperson Ryngkhlem, collided with a coal truck. The truck overturned in the middle of the road and blocked the road for vehicles to pass through the NH-6
Why did you go to Guwahati?
“We have already discussed this in the Cabinet recently on the need to have a single examination for jobs requiring the same rank and same salary because it does not help to prevent discrimination. period.
After the district administration of West Jaintia Hills District accepted the demand of the Karbi to cut down the trees planted at Lum Moo Pyrdet Pynthor, Lapangap, the residents of Lapangap who have land in Nongjrong They were allowed to harvest their rice in the presence of the Assam Police.
By mentioning the majority of Garo people here, I don't mean that the Garo people who are the majority in the state have demanded the right to a state.
After this, the troops seized these items and handed them over to the customs office in Dangar for further investigation.
Judas Iscariot betrayed Jesus for only 30 pieces of silver, the lowest price.
We are still struggling to beat the national average,” he added.
"The program shows our strength and is a very unique event in the area," he said.
The health of pigs should be monitored and regular antibiotics and other treatment measures should be given.
The bill was introduced by Shivamaya Tumbahangphe, Minister of Law, Justice and Parliamentary Affairs, and was supported by the opposition Nepali Congress.
Mawrie declined to comment on vice president Bernard N Marak, who was arrested by the police, but what they are concerned about now is the police harassment of party office bearers.
After the robbery, the SP said that witnesses said that their vehicle had fled to Dawki area. A case has been registered at Pynursla PS. He said that this was after another robbery at a petrol pump in Byrnihat and the incident was similar to the one that happened at the petrol pump. and they smote them.
It is highly suspected that the child was killed by her mother who tried to rape her three times, a police source said.
The purpose of the meeting was to resolve the issue of fare, which all the residents have complained about, said Daniel Khongsit, President Union of Waheh Shnongs Warjaintia Amlarem. to resolve this because in other districts like East Khasi Hills, the areas that have increased, have increased only 20/- which is higher than the old price before the lockdown.
In the second leg of the Kesilroy Pala Invitation Football Tournament, CSA United beat Wahiajer 4-2
; 50,000 trees will be planted, 14 small tree plantations, fire prevention area among others.
However, she said that because of her position, she will not allow her followers to follow in her footsteps as usual.
He said that the State Government has decided to relocate its offices to New Shillong Township where all the Government Offices will be located.
The Supreme Court of the State has also said that it appears that this case has been taken and implemented without discussing the importance and impact of it.
The opening ceremony was attended by Bah RB Shadap President RBDSA, Bah Bobby L Nongbet DSO Ri-Bhoi District and other officials from the Sports Department.
Borah said the inspection of these areas is ongoing and it is not clear which state will get these disputed areas.
Pastor Sangma was selected to receive the award for his contribution to the community.
That was all he could do and so he survived until nearly the end of the eighteenth century.
Sections of the newly paved road also collapsed in the incident.
Fraidian Momin also scored (2/9) and Chongkam Marak scored (2/15).
The four newly introduced sports include silver medal, cycling, golf, tennis, gymnastics and football which used to be held separately but has now been included.
However, this seiñjam did not succeed as many Government departments did not take part in this seminar.
However, now with the dedication and contribution of Thomas Jones, the nation has been transformed and its dignity has been raised to the level of other nations of the world, said Bah Sumer.
He explains why she was released, and she tells him that she is sorry and sorry for what she said in church.
Prof. Kma said that the Academic Council has not yet taken a decision on the model QS papers under the NEP for Under Graduates which are required under the NEHU Ordinance so that there will be order in the preparation of them. Qs paper for all subjects.
The report said that 27 medical and health officers were supposed to be posted at the Maternal Child Health Hospital Jowai in the months of July and June this year, but 10 of them had to be posted at PHCs or CHCs due to training. Chennai.
There was also a clash between the players which led to the referee red carding two players, one from Churchill Brother and one from Lajong.
Only Jyoti Sroat can provide services to all children.
“We are still waiting for the report and it is still in preparation, but we know that the Indian government is still reading the demands from various groups,” Oram told reporters here today.
My son immediately said, “Father, that is the Khasi religious car”.
He and one of his cousins ​​went down to Ranikor.
It is worth mentioning that after the peace talks between the two Governments and the HNLC in the first round, the State Government has insisted that the next talks should be led by the senior leaders. The meeting will also discuss the demands of the party including the withdrawal of cases.
The content of Vitamin C in sweet potatoes is closely related to the Catechin in the tea leaves of green tea.
To strengthen this, the government has allocated 39 posts of Labor Inspectors and these will be appointed soon.
In this regard, we want to know whether the state government has sent these recommendations of the ADCs to the Ministry of Home Affairs,” said Bah Dkhar after opening the meeting. Thursday.
CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing said that these people were employed in 2012-2013 but were denied their salaries.
He introduced the method of planting coffee, the cultivation of plum, phareng, grape and so on which have saved many households.
If the people like me, they will vote for me.
When asked about the post of CEM, Kong Grace said she cannot say in advance because it depends on the number of paid.
This sati has a magical power which if a person gets it he can become rich and prosperous in life.
SAI, STC, Shillong will hold many sports events on this day, with the participation of players, coaches and all office staff.
Conrad K Sangma said that the Minister of Education has left for Delhi and has just returned today. this problem.
Similarly, it was requested to take responsibility not to park vehicles and block the road without the instructions of the Volunteers.
The word DONBOK is one of the most commonly used words by the Khasi people and in English it is called (Good Luck). ju ong :-Fortunately you are strong.
Thou shalt fear the LORD thy God; him shalt thou serve, and to him shalt thou swear.
All these trucks were seized at Pynursla Police Station.
They also said that the state government should look into the Nagaland Municipal Act
The Act aims to strengthen the District Councils and to ensure that they receive funding directly from the Government of India and to increase the number of members to lead the Councils in Meghalaya and to other States of the North East.
He said that his joining the UDP is like going back home.
The HYC West Khasi Hills has requested the HYC West Khasi Hills to come and assist the Dorbar Shnong in closing down the factory.
Bluit, Fenella Nonglait, Muktiar, has expressed her desire to contest the Lok Sabha elections on the BJP ticket. Please don't contest this election.
Jowai, Naitung 24: The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHTOA) on Saturday renewed its office bearers at a meeting held at Phramer, West Jaintia Hills.
The Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) today decided to summon three actresses to investigate the drug trafficking case against Sushant. one of the most popular actresses in bollywood.
This year, 15 schools have participated in the tournament organized by the FKJGP Mawlai Circle. Drok, Ho-oid to Football", which is held annually.
The fertilizer that can be obtained from the field is as I have shown above, which is better than the fertilizers I have described above.
Shillong: Ka Violet Lyngdoh, MDC of Khliehriat, today joined the National People's Party (NPP) in Shillong.
Regarding the visit of the people of Mawsaw to the district council and office of the Syiem of Nobosohphoh, we have the right to protest because we don't want the Syiem to forcibly remove the Sordar without any proper reasons. Bistoran Iawphniaw should be the Acting Sordar of Mawsaw Village because he is a man who has brought trouble not only to the village but also to the Iawphniaw Kur and the Nobosohphoh Hima as a whole.
Commenting on the Prime Minister's statement that the Council should answer 12 issues, which the Ministry of Home Affairs wants clarification before approving the VAB, U Bah PN Syiem said that the Council has sent its explanation on these issues to the State Government today, but he said that it is now the responsibility of the Council and the Ministry of Labour. Jowai, Nailar 31: A collision on the NH-44 Jowai Shillong Road and Jowai Badarpur Road has happened almost every day.
However, the company has ceased operations and according to the information provided by NHIDCL as of 29th June, 2024, the name of the company SS Infrazone no longer exists and there have been new ones. .
Shillong, November 30: The counting of votes by the people's leaders who have been elected only because they are small villages and have few residents or voters has caused a lot of trouble. This is the case in many constituencies in Meghalaya.
Those who were older recognized his transformation.
The residents of the area have suffered for the past 70 years and will continue to suffer until a decision is taken on the border settlement between the Meghalaya and Assam governments in these days and in the future.
Sleep is not limited to what it looks like.
The cup is made and designed of 24-Carat gold, which is pure gold and has not been mixed with other alloys to fill the gold.
Speaking to the residents of various villages who have implemented the scheme, they said that they cannot help but praise the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who has implemented the scheme.
The Governor's remarks have shown that Meghalaya has a lot of insurgency especially in the Garo Hills where gangs are operating every day.
Furthermore, it was explained that no meetings or meetings should be held in government premises or government schools and if they intend to hold meetings they should give 24 hours notice along with the scheduled programme. that no disturbance shall arise.
Earlier, Father Alister Marweiñ, Principal of Sacred Heart Boys HSS, congratulated Bah PT Sawkmie for welcoming him as the chief guest.
Shillong: Several Durga Puja mandals in Shillong will celebrate their journey in the service of all Hindu devotees in Shillong.
But let us now forget this according to the changing times.
Up to 240 polling stations have been identified as high risk while 121 polling stations have been identified as high risk.
The Black Panther Party, formerly known as the Black Panther Party for Self-Defense, was founded in Oakland, California, by students in 1966 and included U Bobby Seale and Huey Newton.
He said the purpose of the Selection Camp (SC) is to select the best athletes to compete in the Meghalaya Games 2022 to be held soon in Shillong, East. Khasi Hills District.
The purpose of Shad Puja is that in this thanksgiving ceremony, the prayer is not asked for any reason but in the completion of the ceremony by the Sordar together with the Matabor and the elders. The Raid, by setting up the duwan, the incense, the lamet, the latang, the water, the kyiad, and the seeds of plants.
However, he called together the Dorbar to discuss the matter with his son.
The State's celebration of 'Jan Jatiya Gaurav Divas, 2023' witnessed a strong participation through various programs held in the city.
Not only the Congress party in the Opposition has made 40 allegations against the MDA Government but also the political parties working within the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA).
“STEDS has a goal to revive the Lukha River and to promote tourism in Sonapyrdi and the area as a whole,” he said. In the past years, the DMF has been able to clean up the Lukha River through a scheme from the DMF worth more than T.2 crore.
Shillong, Lber 29: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HNP) led by its Assistant General Secretary Bah Wyraiwai Sohtun and other members have shut down the Income Tax and Custom Office and sent all the employees. who came to these offices.
It is that they are not arsut.
A pH of 6.6 to 7.3 means that the soil is neutral and a pH of 7.4 to 14 means that the soil is alkaline like those soils with in the mining park.
On the other hand, this reporter also had the opportunity to talk to one of the elders of Nongkhlaw area who is also the President of the Seng Rimen Shiliang Khri. Lyngdoh expressed his regret to say that the government school in the name of the great Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima is in ruins.
Kitbok Challam scored the first goal for Lion Sports and Youth Affairs in the 27th minute while Teibok Papang scored the first goal for Moosalyngkat in the 45th minute.
He recalled the statement of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong that if you have any suggestions, please come to the Secretariat but the sad thing is that if you want to meet with these Ministers who are sitting at the Secretariat, never getting in touch even after months of asking to meet.
The State President of the party said that the entry of the leaders today is only the beginning, but in the coming months until the 20th July, 2023, they will enter the party. The BJP party is still doing well.
Parents are happy and sad: there are parents who are happy when they see the results of their children who have passed well in their examinations.
In the second innings, East Garo Hills scored 96 runs for Prakash Prasad for 44 runs while Rashidul took two wickets for 45 balls.
The union also admitted that it has found that the intention of M/s Meghalaya Cements Ltd.
GNLA members also seized weapons including one IED bomb weighing 6 kilos, one pistol, three ammo, two Tukli, wires, remotes, batteries, mobile phones and other rounds of ammunition. that SIM card.
BSF personnel patrolling on the India-Bangladesh border in parts of Riwar Pynursla area, when they saw people trying to cross the border, chased them away. .
Dr Ampareen also expressed her dissatisfaction with the policies of the BJP government which is trying to break us minorities and added that she came to join the NPP at the right time. They are the two leaders in Parliament. We the small paid shouldn't just disappear, they should remember us and I'm glad that this party has allowed me to take that part. Through this ban to enter the office of the Prime Minister and all the Ministers to tell them that we are the children of Khasi Jaintia , if it could have killed me I would have left long ago, but I stand firm to say that I will not resist the insults but I stand firm and I will work hard, when I am given the opportunity The MLA of Jowai Constituency, Bah Wailadmiki Shylla, has slammed the VPP and said that there is no single issue of their protest that will reach the goal of the VPP. He urged the people that the Reservation Policy, the Lokayukta and the Clean Policy have not been implemented but they have been implemented. “I don't know why, but I think the leaders are the same,” he added.
This is how I used to talk to my friends until the end of the exam.
The cause of the deaths is unknown, but it is believed that the disease of birds, cattle and other animals is severe in Kerala, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Himachal Pradesh.
On the other hand, the Minister of Social Welfare has taken note of this suggestion of the union and has directed the authorities to find a suitable place to set up such a shlem in the area.
Shillong, Iaiong 18 : Political parties should not politicize the two main issues, one on the border issue and the other on the Metor area because of the MDA government or the ruling government. “The NPP is not doing politics but wants to resolve these issues for the sake of the future generations because if it cannot be resolved now, these issues will continue,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. Pretone Tynsong while talking to reporters.
Therefore, we request the District Council to look into it and not to renew or issue trading licenses as 70 percent of them are filled with foreigners.
The rainfall has not ended yet, according to the department, as there will be heavy rainfall in the next 24 hours across the state.
“We will ensure that this bill will not succeed and our opposition will continue,” he said.
Shillong, July 19: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, on Tuesday said that the three groups of Sur Ki Samla Mawlai, FKJGP and KSU Mawlai who held a rally tomorrow at Mawlai Phudmuri have misled the people. He said that he had not promised or agreed to them to take part in the rally.
The Executive Member in charge of the Market Department, Kong Grace Mary Kharpuri, said, “We have explained to the buyers and farmers that the kilo cut of agricultural products should not continue. I'm playing chess.
The leaders of the 36 group have more than 47 members, while the leaders of the 24 group have only two or three members. ban mushrooms.
In the Group-D match in Tura between the two teams fighting for the first victory in the MSL, Wasa FC won 2-0 to the Magric Atong.
However, they also demanded that the government should explain why it does not have the money.
Therefore, it is time for the intellectuals to speak to the youth and teach them the path they should take whether it is in education, agriculture, employment, etc. and the young men shall see the light, and shall cast out the powers of darkness.
If UCIL is allowed to mine now or in the coming years, thousands of residents will have to flee their homes and be severely affected by radiation including the neighboring states and Bangladesh especially. As it has been announced now, it is planned to develop uranium mines in the entire South West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has expressed its readiness to explain to anyone who claims that its demand for the revision of the allocation is wrong and does not exist. base.
So what are we celebrating 47 years for? 47 years old but the job is still young, still waiting for milk and food from the Government of India and if the Government of India does not provide anything Meghalaya is over.
Therefore, when we turned to one of the games which was held at a shyiap ground at the end of the campus of Tura Law College, it was seen that the youngsters, especially in the On the boys' side, there is a sign of hope for the state in terms of volleyball.
He threatened to punish those people involved in the MTC's refusal to operate these four government vehicles because the contract was forcibly terminated without following the rules.
Doctors also performed Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation (CPR) to restart his blood pressure but he could not be revived and doctors pronounced him dead on 18th November at 11:56 p.m.
The relocation of the kharmetor is also difficult without giving the rights of those who have lived in the area for many generations.
West Jaintia Hills District today, has suffered severe damage due to heavy rainfall which has caused landslides and stones on the roads and damage to houses due to landslides. the earth and the flood.
After the arrest, they handed him over to the police for further investigation and he is now in police custody.
Shillong: After the opposition led by Dr Mukul Sangma moved a no confidence motion against the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government led by Conrad K Sangma, The MDA Government has held a meeting to discuss the issue in the Legislative Assembly.
Bliantina Lyngkhoi, 40, of Bliantina Lyngkhoi, 40, was stabbed to death by a robber named Kiasstar Wahlang. They are now in the custody of the Nongstoin Police Station.
What does this mean?” said the Leader of the Opposition in the Rajya Sabha, Mallikarjun Kharge of the Congress.
The title of the letter states the name of the organization as “With Mohon Real Cash Sangatan (MRCS).
Speaking to reporters, the President of the Union, Dr.W Kharshiing, said that the purpose of the meeting was to clarify the work of the Joint Action Committee (JAC). long on the 31st of July,
The Court has fixed the hearing of the case for 30th June 2022 and ordered Balwant to stop the sale of coal from the port.
The body of a 14-year-old boy, Mario Thongni Nongmor, was recovered by the Fire & Emergency Police of Mawkyrwat together with the residents of three police stations. Nongjri, Nongtnger and Nongmallam with a team of SRTs. It is to be recalled that this tragic incident happened on the afternoon of 29th November 2023 at about 1:30 pm while Mario Thongni Nongmor and his father Henry Nongtnger were on their way from Nongjri to Nongmyllang after their son had taken leave from school.
The Cabinet also amended the OM for the year 2020 regarding the Reservation Roster for Persons with Disabilities whereby from now on, the reservation for Persons with Disabilities will be as stipulated in the Reservation Roster for Persons with Disabilities. Reservation Roster.
The NDA government will probably try its best to pass the Bill for its own political gain.
After the programme, food items including rice, umphniang, pylleng and others were distributed to more than 30 patients who attended the ceremony.
So, as a mere man, he settled in the city of Myra (Demre).
This was announced by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma while talking to media on Thursday.
Application of laws to United Khasi-Jaintia Hills District – The Governor of Assam may, by notification in the Official Gazette, direct that any of the laws specified in the Schedule annexed to this Regulation, as amended up-to-date, shall extend, and have effect, in so many areas of the United Khasi-Jaintia Hills District which were known as the Khasi States immediately before the commencement of the Constitution of India, or part thereof, hereinafter referred to as “the said areas”, and for this purpose different areas and different dates may be specified for different laws.
I.KA RYMPEI ÖING KABA ÍALONG SHITYLLI : The house is like a well of fresh and clean water that we drink every day to quench our thirst. who drinks ? Likewise, if the father and mother of the household together give fresh water, the children will drink and be thirsty and rejoice every day, what if the well of water is dry? How are you ? The father and mother should be united, of the same mind, of the same race, and so that there will be no division in the household.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Shylla said that those who want to give jaitkpa and those who want to destroy the jait kpa are those who want to attack their own household. “I don't want to give jait kpa,” said Bah Shylla. He said that those who have already been given jait kpa have been given six months to resolve their jait kpa.
The dance competition was held at Mawjatap Village Ground, where Bah Nur Nongrum Sordar Mawjatap Village was the chief guest in the presence of parents, youth and children.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: Leaders of the Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASTOM) led by Bah Mayborn Lyngdoh today met with the Prime Minister. in relation to the demands of the teachers.
In another incident, 11 Covid patients died at a government hospital in Chengalpet due to lack of oxygen and beds.
The construction of the Sub Center was allocated in 2009 on the land donated by Kong Siyoda Kharmudai on an agreement to get a job in the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
He said that until now it cannot be said that the people do not want KHNAM because it still needs to be strengthened in all aspects, but he said that in the struggle without fail one day it will reach the goal.
However, the Seng raises the question whether the smart city will start operating in the Motphran market area because these Metor drivers have not yet left. The villagers of these Metor drivers here not only pollute this place and themselves but also pollute others and hinder development works in many ways.
However, the office will strive to start implementation of the project of the CM and it will be completed before July this year and the expectation of the people of Umsning area will soon be completed. will come true, he added.
At the same time, he said the UDP has strongly opposed the BJP government's proposal to pass the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 and demanded that it should be repealed completely.
“We should have been the spokespersons of the party, we should have informed the people about the schemes that Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given to the people.
Therefore, as young players, we should also take the opportunity to become weapons, the spokesmen of this village in the hope that one day they will show that from Mawpud there were those stars of sports. who is skilled.
The last Muslim kingdom of the King of Hyderabad, which had many troops, soldiers and weapons, was defeated within three days by the Indian army.
Members of the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong Mawsynram, in a statement to the media, expressed their surprise and rejected the ownership of the Mawjymbuin Crematorium by the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram. Your ownership is without foundation.
Furthermore, the awarding ceremony was held to Dr. S. Ramsiej who has received the degree of Doctor of Letter – D. Litt certified by the Teacher's Welfare Association, India and also to Dr. KK Nongsiej who has received the degree of Doctor of Letter – D.Litt. The National & International Compendium Life Time Education Achievement Award will be held on 28th June, 2023 in New Delhi.
At the meeting today, it was also seen that the sound system through the sound systems prepared by the Rangbah Shnongs has been installed throughout the Secretariat and even on the walls of the Secretariat, which is not seen properly. The District authorities should not allow such an incident, while the venue of the meeting will be held at the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat.
The youth and the woman were arrested from a bus near Malidor.
Six states have confirmed to participate in the tournament, including Assam, Manipur, Nagaland and Arunachal Pradesh. , and Mizoram.
Today, a woman was seriously injured in the lymbub, while last Saturday, a woman was seriously injured in the lymbub and was taken to the hospital. W.Ryngkhlem, who is also the President of the meat vendors nearby, said.
Kong Kharpuri has convened many meetings with the Waheh Shnongs as well as the Sengbhalang, Exporters to explain to them and she has been able to explain to all those who oppose and the Export Market has been able to open on 17 August
During the programme, there was a focus on water conservation, by holding games, such as drawing, quiz and photography competitions.
According to the Basan of Mylliem Hima, in fact, the Raid Demoreah has been included in the British War Record where since 1828 the British Government has been collecting revenue from the Raid. Doomreah under the rule of Syiem Bormanik Syiem of Shyllong Hima and due to Syiem Bormanik's opposition to the collection of taxes, the British Government in 1830 promised to return the Raid to the Hima Shyllong, but the The British Government has arrested Bormanik Syiem along with his two brothers, Ksan Syiem and Joy Syiem, and imprisoned him in Guwahati.
On receiving information about the incident, the Byrnihat Outpost Police immediately drove the vehicle and sent the suspect to stop, but the suspect did not stop at all. Police have searched the vehicle and arrested him from the road at Umling Forest.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that it is not yet the time to talk about politics as the soul is still very sick after the sudden death of Dr Donkupar Roy.
The demonstration took place in China's Xiushui city in Guizhou province, where they climbed a nearby mountain in search of This is a wild beast, which makes a very loud noise.
The Appropriation Accounts provide information on the total expenditure of T.3,439.41 crore beyond the approval of the State Legislative Assembly under nine Grants and one non-grant.
He said that private individuals will receive telephone calls to ask questions from the residents regarding the cleanliness of the area.
A total of 14 people have died of COVID-19 and 513 new cases have been confirmed on Friday.
The Board has taken this step to encourage schools to work hard to ensure that the pass percentage should not be less than the required if they still want to get recognition.
“That is their decision and the BJP has nothing to say.
He said that the MLAs they elect are only servants, not masters of anyone.
Shillong, Nailur 29: The Governor of Meghalaya on Tuesday appointed MLA and MDC of Jirang Constituency Sosthenes Sohtun and Victor Ranee as members of the Regional Committee for Ri-Bhoi District. .
The opposition from the Sengbhalang or political parties to the railway in Shillong is their opinion, but the BJP is clear that it wants to bring the railway. I went to Shillong.
Those young couples were shocked and afraid to see the disease in their village and fled immediately, without finding or finding any of their fellow human beings, even though they had been away for a long time. hi jlang the days of the judgment.
Turn around and take out a plastic map that doesn't have a hole in it.
In addition to what we published yesterday, we publish the following part of Ma Lber Laloo's reply.
He said that if information is received about the presence of such refugees in the country, the authorities will arrest and deport them within months of their arrival in Britain.
Shillong, Naiwieng 6 : The Mawlai Town Dorbar (MTD) has taken a decision to provide assistance to individuals who are struggling to get rid of drug abuse.
“She said that the district in the state which no longer needs to import fish is South West Garo Hills as it has been able to support itself to import fish in the district.
The purpose of this scheme is to reduce the number of deaths on the roads by encouraging people to help those victims who have suffered tragic accidents.
Man's cruelty and disregard for the gifts of nature has changed the appearance of these rivers to the point that it is no longer appropriate to call them rivers but to give them names. noh that they are the ones who are right.
Psalm 147:12.
Josbina is the mother of four children.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jaiaw Circle has launched the campaign “Promote Your Own” by launching the Almanac 2021 at the office of the KSU Sengkmie on 31st November. 2020.
This writing is only in the voice of poetry, As a wake-up call to our fellow countrymen;
Ottawa: Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and his family have fled their homes in the past few days and are now in a government-run shelter. Canada.
The government's target is that in the next five years, FOCUS and FOCUS+ will benefit more than 8 lakh farmers and Mission Mode Projects will be increased to 5 lakh farmers, at a cost of more than Rs. 2500 crore for FOCUS and FOCUS+ and Rs.1,000 crore for Mission mode.
“If the House does not follow the rules, what is the point of us sitting here and listening,” said the Umsning MLA.
The team drew 1-1 in their first match against Mohammedan Sporting Club in Kolkata on Thursday.
Nud also gave them the name “Stars of the Country”.
He said that Mawlai will cover all the villages of Mawlai constituency and the site for the construction of the block is at Mawtawar as proposed. claim.
On the other hand, the DC said that they have received information that the condition of the bridge has deteriorated and the nar rods have appeared on top of the bridge. .
We have been the poorest State in the northeast of India.
On the same day, Conrad campaigned in Narangbari under the 48-Selsella Constituency and in Chokpot under the 53-Chokpot Constituency.
The Khasi Author Society (KAS) has been monitoring the demand for the inclusion of the language in the 15th Schedule of India for decades. before the year
The scientists said they knew what was going to happen and had calculated exactly the time for the earthquake.
This incident started last month, in which the farmers have to face the grief because the way these insects eat or damage the rice seedlings is also fast and has made the plant that should be harvested. I don't want to change my stay or my life.
Entry fees will be accepted until 20th May 2023 at 07:00 PM at the Dorbar Hall of Lion Mission Compound, Jowai. .
Therefore, the villages should have their own Seng Samla within their villages.
Shillong, November 02: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Thursday issued an order suspending the term of office of Bah Bashemphang Thabah as the Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima.
He added that Tourism has many projects and schemes in his department and it is up to the land owners to do it.
The KSU sends its condolences to the family of the deceased and also sends its condolences to the driver of the truck who was injured at the scene. care.
According to sources, the truck had a registration number from Rajasthan.
It was found that the companies implementing this project, especially Tantia and Kirloskar, are too slow to implement.
“Even in the Unreserved Posts in the State, the jobs go only to one ethnic group in the State, on the one hand it is a violation.
The RTI received recently from various government departments shows that the government has spent tens of lakhs and billions of rupees on the salaries of these Chairman, Co-Chairman and Deputies. Chairman, Advisers, most of them are ex-MLAs or party employees, not experts.
“The party urges that the marks received by the candidates should be announced publicly before the start of the walk-in-interview,” said the party leaders.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Renikton praised the various schemes implemented by the Electricity Department of the Central Government as well as the Meghalaya Government to ensure that every household in the country. state and country will get electricity.
Speeches were also delivered by the Rangbah Shnong of Mookhep, Ma D Siangshai, and in his speech, he wished the new party to work for the benefit of the people, not for the benefit of the people. for personal gain.
There was a suspicion that they were dating.
They also said that in 2018, Bah Julius will win once again.
Nongpoh, June 26: A prisoner named Rudra Rabha, who was arrested by the Police on the 24th of this month, has committed suicide by hanging himself this morning at Along ne. Khanapara Police Station has been arrested.
He said the government has moved forward to build entry and exit points as promised to the political parties in all parts of the state.
Two independent candidates including former Minister and former MLA of Nongshken constituency, Bah Donkupar Massar have also registered their nomination papers. You will be elected from Pynursla constituency.
The establishment of the Seng Khasi 123 years ago has helped us in this age to think about those who still hold on to the traditional religion for the future.
Meanwhile, Rangsakona MLA Zenith M Sangma urged the people to elect their leaders with wisdom and knowledge. that we should cast our votes so that peace will continue in our country and the future of our future generations will be bright in their future”.
Teams from all over the districts including Dkhiah, Nongstoin, Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi, Mawsynram, Jowai is located in West Jaintia Hills District and Mawkyrwat is located in South West Khasi Hills District.
Likewise, the nation has grown steadily with the growth and prosperity of the days until today.
Jonathan Iawphniaw won the gold in the amateur category, Jason Passah the silver and Shaurya Goenka the bronze.
During the meeting, Kiren said that he will assist in the resumption of coal mining in the State in a manner that does not affect the environment as is done in other States and countries of the world. through new scientific technology, so that it will also be of benefit to the people of the State as a whole.
Dr Mukul Sangma ... down down.
“The fish from abroad come with a syrnot to confirm the absence of formalin but it is surprising that when the test was conducted it was found that they contain formalin. This medicine, so we don't know where they got this medicine.  Who does this? We don't know how to explain but there is a use for this drug.
Since that day, there has been a lot of controversy regarding Nepal because China has taken over every building in Nepal and it has been alleged that all these buildings are through the BRI project. , said that the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Nepal, while talking to the heads of the House of Representatives recently, said that Nepal has not yet been able to implement the BRI project because of the There are still negotiations and further negotiations with China.
Speaking on the occasion, National Road Safety Council Member Kamaljeet Singh Soi said, “Chandigarh has well constructed roads and between 9 pm and 12 pm you can't see anything. to the traffic police.
When the members of the union met with Dr Kitborlang Pariat, Medical Health Officer, he said that it is very difficult to provide services because of the many shortcomings that the government has not found. provided at this institution.
This situation has caused damage to parked vehicles and heavy traffic jam on this road.
They also condemned the MLA of Palashbari, Pranab Kalita, for not doing anything for the area.
The polling day for the MLA elections to be held on the 27th of June is approaching.
The psalmist sings:63 Oh love like the seasAh mercy that has flowedAnd the great mountains of heavenThey have found a way to flowThe mighty power of God's loveThe great powers of God's loveWe now meetThe Bible builds our lives more than ever which we do not think.
On the other hand, the Minister of PHE, Bah Renikton L Tongkhar, has expressed his surprise at the absence of the opposition from the meeting convened by the MDA government to discuss the issue. pud and sam.
The ancients saw far and protected the forests by turning them into sacred places and it is the responsibility of this heritage to protect the forests for the future.
Anyone who violates this will be charged and arrested according to the law.
Banteidor Lyngdoh said this on Saturday while inaugurating the 50th Anniversary of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) (1972-2022). (JDSA) is one of the founding associations for the promotion of sports in the District.
He said that other MLAs in Khasi Hills and some in Jaintia Hills have started helping the people with their own MLA scheme to make it easier for the people to get food and beverages, while this MLA does not have much work of his own.
Conrad said the State has requested the Central Government to appoint the vacant Pro Vice Chancellor, Registrar, Finance Officer and University Engineer at NEHU.
Goa and NorthEast have four points each in Group D from two matches while Downtown have no points from one match against Shillong Lajong.
These villages under the Raid Nongtung have existed since ancient times before Meghalaya got its own state.
“We strongly oppose the government's permission to transport coal from Assam and other states to the coal factories in East Jaintia Hills District as it endangers the lives and health of the residents of East Jaintia Hills District and the state as a whole. “We are in danger because of the COVID-19 pandemic,” said the letter sent by these groups.
“If the police don't stop the harassment, the police will face the same incident as what happened in Rongara village,” said a statement from the GNLA. Four policemen were arrested in Rongara, South Garo Hills.
Finally, the Minister informed that soon there will be prominent associations to set up centers of excellence in the state.
The Khaddar rule, the new village structure and the influx of settlers to Shillong in the 15th century have led the Khasi people to distance themselves from their family religion, village religion. thaw bad religion it religion kingdom.
“In fact, PWD and ADB have suggested to work together where contractors from the state and abroad will work together in the implementation of projects,” he said.
Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma has expressed his deep sorrow over the incident and sent his condolences to the families of the deceased policemen.
If we had known how to do research since those years, we would have become skilled veterinarians. palat was accused of Biet.
Jowai, November 07: U Khroo L.Pariat, one of the youths of Jowai, Jowai, on Tuesday said that after receiving RTI from the office of the Executive Engineer PWD (Road), Jowai, The length of the road is about 32 kilo meters at a cost of T.28,80,43,810.00 tyngka.
They also said that the Ri Bhoi Dorbar will submit another petition to the Prime Minister to urge him to open the Civil Sub-division as soon as possible, before the 2023 elections. , because this area of ​​Ri Bhoi West, has the right to be upgraded to Civil Sub-Division.
There will be two travelers at the same time for 10 years and they will be able to spend three days at the NASA space station. There will be a fee for rescue of a person who is paralyzed or dead along with other necessities and the cost will be $35,000 per night.
The MUPF leaders have decided to lodge a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills and the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) against the violence. country.
“Jobs come and go, big offices come and go and how to manage them, but we should take the example of Ghulam Nabi Azad Ji.
A woman has been sentenced to life imprisonment on charges of killing her husband for not crying at all while his body was still alive. domestic.
This article shows how children are affected by overweight school bags and what are the ways to help them.
“I don't mean to bring about racial discrimination or racial discrimination, but those who are the owners have a full responsibility for the people and as the owners The district knows better the problems of the people and not like those candidates who come only during the elections just because they have wealth,” said Albert Maring.
The deaths are from East Khasi Hills: 03, West Garo Hills: 01 and West Khasi Hills:
“A case has been registered against these people at the police station and the MLA will be arrested.
This opportunity is ideal for those who wish to participate in the Baby League tournament in India and also to promote youth sports in the country.
Parents are responsible for their children.
He said that the State Government has already deployed more than 2 platoons of Police and the situation has now been brought under control.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 29: As part of the development of traditional music, dance and song and also to open the door for their participation in various festivals, programs and workshops, The Arts & Culture Department of the State Government invites applications from individuals and groups performing traditional songs, music and dance to empanel. you are a government department.
Shillong: The Executive Director of the National Bee Board, New Delhi, BL Sarswat today met with the beekeepers of East Khasi Hills District at the Seminar Hall of the Bee Board, Shillong. Farmers' Empowerment Commission and officers of the State Agriculture Department.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has recently banned the drawing on walls, carrying pictures, writings, banners and others without permission. approval and permission of the Deputy Commissioners and the relevant authorities.
They said this while they were receiving the small donations, which were donated by Bah Marcus Marten, President of the HNYF in Ri Bhoi, who donated only a few donations. sports equipment to these youths of Ummat-1
The road is the source of economic development and through the road, the burden of the people, especially in times of illness, can be relieved.
On the 6th of this month, robbers robbed an SBI ATM at Pohkseh, Shillong.
He said that if Assam is willing to say such a thing, the party will not allow Assam to use even half an inch of Meghalaya's land. but the organization shall not go by other ways.
The overturning of the vehicle was probably due to the speeding of the driver of the truck according to the signs of the road until the driver could no longer control the vehicle.
In this world they may be hidden but on the last day when Jesus will open the Book of Life the sins of all will be revealed.
It is hoped that the cold storage at Mawreng Road will benefit the farmers especially as it is a strong area for jhur production.
Marlangki Suting scored the first goal for Rympei PIP in the 36th minute.
It is surprising that when we were in school, we found that almost all the children of teachers were human beings in their lives.
Rikmanchi M. Sangma (2/13), Jaylynn and Dianchidora N Sangma took 2/21 each and Marme (1/13) took wickets.
Nowadays, even to start your own business, you need to have knowledge, how to run that business.
In the first half, Meghalaya scored the third goal in the 47th minute through Amarpreet Singh.
By doing and being like that, she will bring glory to her life as praise from men in front of the world.
John Roberts left half of his vacation when the earthquake struck Ri Khasi in 1897 to come to the aid of the Khasi.
“At present, we are the parties that have the responsibility to carry the burden and burden of the people.
On the other hand, Rambahadur Chettri, an elderly resident of Lawbah or Harsha Nagar, said, “When we came into this world, it was just like coming to the market to buy and pet.
Nongpoh: A group of piggery farmers in Killiang, Baridua and Marwet areas, today lodged a petition with the Piggery Farmers of Baridua and Marwet areas. The Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District, has demanded that the government should not take action against the smuggling of pigs outside the state and those that have been smuggled into the state without any inspection or inspection. , who came from outside and to eat meat in the state.
According to the report of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) as at October 31, 2022, it is based on the bank statements provided by the MMMRF and the statements sent by the The PCCF & HoFF. He said that no expenditure has been made in relation to the rehabilitation works.
“Most of the people in Meghalaya are farmers,” said BJP Kisan Morcha President Ralden Bryan Shabong.
After the Voice of Peoples Party (VPP) has made it clear that it will not join hands with any party if formed in the Opposition but will remain alone in the Opposition, the Congress and The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) has not yet decided whether to work together or not. The Congress wants to lead the Opposition and the AITC wants to lead the opposition. One of the Congress leaders, who did not want to be named, said the Congress will take a decision after the party leaders consult with the High Command in Delhi.
In a statement sent by the President of the party, Bah Lambokstar Marweiñ, he said that the increase in the price of food items has been happening almost every day in the market and this has caused problems first of all to the poor. to the orphans and the unemployed, the day and especially to the poor families.
Referring to the employment creation, the Chief Minister said that more than 2,000 entrepreneurs have been assisted by the Government through corporate groups, SHGs and other means to assist the people in the state.
Shillong: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Meghalaya has congratulated Vincent H Pala and others for raising the issue of violence against Christians in Chattisgarh. It is one of the states that is not ruled by the Congress party.
“We are educated, but those who are still in class IV are stupid, they don't know how to run the government,” he said.
If the Masi Lur are brought to Hali, the police will knieh noh and ask for 2 or 3 lakh tyngka.
The deprivation of children of all their desires at an early age causes them to decline in human values ​​and increase the value of charitable deeds.
We the people want change, whether in development, in roads, in education, to have our own Medical Colleges, enough doctors, factories to create jobs for the youth, to The State's status as an Education Hub in the North East and many inexplicable developments are needed.
“Don't wait for the government to impose a lockdown but the lockdown should be imposed,” he said.
They are not stupid but they listen to the voice of the people because they are elected by the people.
To surrender the villages in Block II when all the villages have been inhabited by the Khasi-Jaintia brothers and sisters is an unacceptable gift and a border speech. There are no leaders and rulers on behalf of the Government of Meghalaya.
Nongstoin, June 29: In conjunction with the North East Festival 2022 and Azadi, the office of the Sub Divisional School Education Officer Nongstoin, will hold a special program for the students of West. Khasi Hills on 4th June 2022 at Anderson Higher Secondary School New Nongstoiñ.
The seller of clothes in the market said that most of the time he finds that even the clothes that have been sold have to be returned to the market because there is no space because the people buy 2000 rupees.
Let's see: The river Euphrates went out of Eden to water the garden of Eden, and then it split into four branches.
He said that he has already sent up to Rs 2.12 crore for the year 2021-22 and Rs 2.28 crore for the year 2022-23 for the border villages in Mawsynram Block. also approved by the State Level Screening Committee.
For example, constituencies like Mawlai, Mawhati, Jirang, North Tura and others have increased in terms of land area and difficulties in terms of governance.
The struggles on the ground for the rights of women, workers, the protection of the land and the environment, the struggle against tyranny, religious extremism and various forms of violence, they taught and guided us.
He said that at present it is only known how to fish, but it is not known how many fish grow after three months or how many die in the pond and the Council will take action to arrange for the fishing. directly from the guards to the food system and other requirements besides the staff.
Ardent said everyone now stands to praise that only the MDA Government is willing to take a decision and settle the border.
Stupid Government.
“I have walked along the road in Polo, I have seen many Mizos selling on the footpath in Polo, how do they get power,” said Bah Adelbert. to other ethnic groups to do business when the villagers themselves can.
Therefore, the farmers have requested the government through the Ministry of Agriculture to create ways and means to improve the price of agricultural products as in previous years. synsar because many people rely on this crop for all their household needs, although there are other crops such as sohmarit, and sla tyrpad so that the farmers do not suffer huge losses. after they had thrown the wheat and the barley to cultivate all four seasons.
The meeting was conducted by Merry June Ymbon (EC Member CLF) and a short speech was delivered by the President of the Cluster Level Federation, Bilet Tang.
Since the beginning of this covid19 pandemic I have heard from above that many people are criticizing the church leaders for such behavior does not come from a godly spirit but from a worldly voice.
The Head Director of Photography is Elvest Thabah.
However, when contacted by Mukul Sangma in New Delhi, he immediately denied the allegation and said he was not aware of such a report.
They were riding together in the same vehicle ML 05 T 7892 and the incident happened while they were returning to their village at 7 pm on that night. There was an earthquake in Riat Rngain and the severity of the earthquake, shattered the vehicle they were sitting inside the riat.
Police XI scored three goals through Ram Dkhar (19), Meker Suting (30) and Ram Dkhar (82).
What happens if I am treated for TB in Shillong? iv) The case of another woman who was treated for TB in Shillong.
The meeting also decided to send its condolences to the family of the deceased MDC.
Shillong: The Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASTOM) has suspended the teachers of Adhoc Schools under the umbrella of the Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASTOM). Primary, Secondary and Higher Secondary Schools on the 14th July 2022 have announced to start a strike from 17th July 2022 to 20th July 2022 and on the 21st July If the state government does not invite these teachers to the table of negotiations for their demand to remind the state government of the promises it has made since 2019 for They called for talks with these teachers to promote 7,090 Adhoc teachers to deficit teachers in the state.
It may be recalled that two months ago, a truck overturned on the road to the Synod service in Nonglang, carrying more than 70 people and killing 19 people so far and many more. The injured were taken to hospital.
From the speech of the JT Director of Agriculture in charge of the Jackfruit Mission, it was understood that there are two training centers for sohphan farmers, one in Tura and one in Shillong.
This is a very happy time, just to read is too late, you need a reader and to listen, so I ask you to help me read like me on youtube and I believe that everyone wants to Thank you very much for listening to these speeches above because I know that it is useful to me and especially to youStoryteller LyndonI don't think there is anything wrong with their minds that they have misused something in their lives only.
The Chief Minister said he had also raised with the Prime Minister the issue of peace talks between the HNLC and the government.
Some military officials in the Kremlin admit that the planned invasion of Ukraine on June 24, 2022, was a completely wrong decision.
Shillong: The 7th Sprint Challenge 2020 organized by the East Jaintia Adventure Motorsports Association (EJAMSA) came to an end on Saturday.
This blackout has surprised the people of Shillong as it can be said that it is the first time in the history of the blackout department that it has kept the people in darkness for 8 hours.
The union said that Conrad Sangma's allegation against the Indian government is that he wants to cover up the work they have already done in connection with the permit of the company.
Shillong Police today seized heroin worth T.2.9 crore from Ria Hotel in Khyndailad, Shillong.
B.Rani, one of the elders of Tiehdang, said that the residents of Mawlangsu, Lummyrsiang, Tiehdang, Mawkyrtung and other villages, when they go to the market, When they go to Markasa and Mawthadraishan Block, they have to walk a distance of 7 to 5 kilometers, due to the lack of vehicles running every day due to the poor condition of the road.
The Lapangap Dorbar Shnong, KSU Lapangap and Khanduli-Umshangiar unit strongly condemn this act of violence by the Assam government.
Not only that, four years later my eldest son also died.
Counsel for the tenants and landlords have also now submitted and argued that there is an inadequacy in the illegal structures report and have sought legal protection.
In West Garo Hills, there are 16 cases, of which 14 are high risk contacts and 2 cases are from outside the country.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, East Khasi Hills District, has also accompanied the funeral procession by two coaches working in the office of the District Sports Officer. East Khasi Hills District, which was accompanied by the State Police.
He said that in the reply of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare in the Legislative Assembly to a question raised on 12th November, 2022 regarding the amount of money spent on the Covid-1 19 so far from the Central Government is only T.76.56 crore.
Those who violate the law shall be liable to a fine of up to 10,000 tyngka, imprisonment for 10 years, or both.
These two have been strong in many places and it is impossible to know who will win the title.
Before the troops entered these small states, Putin addressed the people of the country and also called a meeting of the Security Council, where he ordered them to proceed with the decision. to liberate these two small countries.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The Border Security Force (BSF) from 193 Battalion on Saturday arrested 13 Bangladeshi officials while they were smuggling into the country. It borders India through the border of East Khasi Hills.
The murderer dies and is eaten by the tyrud because the tyrud does not forgive those who do it.
Soon there will also appear a great false Christ who will deceive the whole world by deceiving Israel first in that covenant with him.
When we say that the nation has the right to grow and develop, isn't it the right of the Khasi-Khara to grow in numbers? Why do we want to reduce the number of children just because West Bengal, Bihar, UP, Kerala, Assam and other states are overpopulated? Any nation can be strong and prosperous in its own country only if its population has reached what economists call the optimum level.
Lt Col Indrajit Chakraborty, father of Rhea Chakravorty, has strongly criticized the tragedy that has befallen his family in the past two months due to the death of Rhea Chakravorty. of Sushant Singh Rajput.
The JSU has also reminded that the recent implementation of the NRC in Assam and the presence of factories will lead to the influx and infiltration of mynder into the area which will disturb the villagers.
“The authorities of this hospital have suspended Dr Rachael RARapsang, a dentist who was appointed on a contract basis only because she was on leave for six months,” they said. gives the reason that there is no provision for giving leave to contractors.
Therefore, please ask questions that you feel should be asked without hesitation.
It was in the year 1990 that the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Laborious S.Syiem together with the Dorbar Hima Mylliem, the Ministers, the Bakhraw Batri and the children of the thousands, stood up and cleaned up the place. religion.
Nongpoh: The deterioration of the road in Killing area of ​​Ri Bhoi District, has caused a lot of trouble to the residents of dozens of villages in the area. The Killing area starting from 9Mer to these villages, has been bad and it is almost impossible to find that the road in this area will improve, but it has been bad lynter in the past years. .
On the closing day of the programme, a Cultural Program was held to showcase the richness of culture of some of the ethnic groups from the North East including the Khasi, Jaintia, Garo and Naga through songs. traditional dances with the participation of the residents of Riangmang.
In addition, seven vehicles have been detained at Guwahati airport for repatriation.
Nongpoh, March 27: The Auxilium Higher Secondary School, Mawtnum today concluded the Students' Festival Month after the students had the opportunity to celebrate and participate in various programs and competitions from the day start.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The night curfew of the Sengbhalang will resume tomorrow and will end on the 21st of this month.
Sail said that out of the T.25 crore, T.18 crore has been allocated, of which T.8 crore will go to Wankhede, while the remaining will be distributed among other employees. There was a meeting between these people at Lower Parel, where the manager, Shahrukh Khan, came in a blue Mercedes to meet with Wankhede's people.
Pynursla Police Station has arrested two persons, Pynngeit Tynsong, Salam Khongsni and others suspected of involvement in the shooting. in pults to catch.
According to the announcement, these MLAs will receive their salary according to Category A which has been arranged through the Finance Department of the State Government and this will come into force immediately from the date they start working until further notice. .
Furthermore, there is another student, who passed Accounting and Finance in Paper-4 of the BCom Part-2 examination, who has been promoted.
Any society that does not allow for debate & discourse on issues that need to be understood cannot move forward.
Different types of jhur were planted and cultivated by Babu Jeebon Roy.
Nongstoiñ, March 6: The Nongstoiñ Social Service Society (SNSC) today laid the foundation stone for the construction of a new house. provide special training for children, so that they can learn and know various skills through their talents, including those with disabilities.
On the other hand, the MLA of Nongstoiñ, in recent days, has sent a letter to the Chief Minister of the State Government to challenge the suspension of the infiltration of Assam. related to the implementation of development works in the border areas.
Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh as the chief guest to bless the new church also offered a prayer of thanksgiving and blessing to the new Iingsad Iingsunon of the Shnat Niam Mawbri. They went to the Holy Place to cleanse the surrounding areas of the temple.
The arrested include Ronaldo Syndai (21) of Syndai Kmaishnong village, Ni Pohleng (20) of Syndai Lyngkot village, Kliar Mon Pohthmi (18) of Syndai Kmaishnong village and u Rihok Chyrmang-(28) Who is the head of the village.
In the same race, Shyam Malik also completed his race in 1:51.30 to finish fourth.
Comgfort Mawlong scored the first goal in the 70th minute.
The safest countries for journalists include Norway, Finland, Sweden, the Netherlands, Denmark, Switzerland, New Zealand, Jamaica, Belgium and Costa Rica (Top
The match between the two teams will start at 1:30 PM at the New Nongstoiñ Stadium and it is expected to be a very interesting match.
He expressed his concern over the struggle of the MDCs as this has upset the people who elected them to serve the country and the nation.
He said that the party has held a meeting with the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui to ask for clarification on what happened after he visited the area.
The purpose of the meeting was to give an opportunity to the players from the small villages of these states who have played well in the past seasons with the hope of promoting them to the level of national arena.
Speaking on the occasion, Bishnoi said the Meghashakti Commandos Warriors are the second team after the Veeranganas in Assam.
On the other hand, the shopkeepers of Nongstoiñ Market and along the road between the towns, said that it is necessary for the Village Authorities and VDPs to conduct night patrols to find out those involved in the robbery. houses and shops.
Anyone who has seen and found this child is requested to call 9856990757 /
JOWAI: The Chutwakhu Social Welfare Local Dorbar, located in Jowai, West Jaintia Hills District, has been a place of music and dance since ancient times.
However, even though they have been stripped of their power and promoted in front of the people, they don't understand their own position.
Sohra, Jymmang 16: The Kshaid Nohsngithiang, which is located in Mawsmai District, today attracted hundreds of tourists, as it has covered the area with a beautiful appearance due to the heavy rainfall in these areas. last day, which caused this valley to be filled with floods.
They left and went their own way.
The President of JHTOA, Ma Biangshwa Shylla said that the strike, which was decided at a meeting held at Tuber Takhniang, will start on the 5th March, from 10.00 am.
The project was awarded by the Central Government to improve the Sohra area which has the highest rainfall in the world but the water shortage has caused problems to the people of Sohra area.
It used to take days for the witnesses of the forensic pathologist to testify in court but now they can testify online.
Shillong, Jymmang 2: The closure of many wine stores in the state will continue after the East Khasi Hills Wine Dealers Association, Ri-Bhoi Wine Dealers Association and another private individual identified as Hamsaia Pariat. they withdrew their petition which they sent to the court.
“If the independence of the Khasi Hima had been conditioned in 1876, we would have lost our land,” said Bah Thangkhiew.
Then, how true is that spirit of selflessness of that Dykhar who has been involved in his own custom to longtrai his own family and clan, while now when he marries a Khasi, he doesn't have a name ei because of them. Who is the Khasi people? However, a Dykhar woman who marries a Khasi man will be easier to marry faster because according to her own custom she has to go home herself, and because although the children are of the Khasi father's race, but the soul of the mother is the spirit of the Mother is true of her children; thus, it is easier to hear that Fear of the Dykhar Woman.
Mawkyrwat, March 24: The Meghalaya Cycling Association (MCA) in collaboration with the Mawkyrwat District Cycling Association (MDCA) today held a competition to select the best cyclists. Cycling Selection Trials (MSCST) 2023 at Mawkyrwat, South West Khasi Hills District.
For love is what makes a worthy life precious.
Akhil Gogoi, KMSS leader, said, “This bill is a serious threat to Assam and if passed, it will seriously affect the privacy of the villagers in Assam and the BJP is misleading. to the people of the State, on the consequences of this Act"
On this month of July 15, one of the rituals held was the Kñia Khang which is a sacrifice of thanksgiving to the Blei Shnong Blei Raij who stood to protect the village from evil. the tyrut and the smer come in different ways.
Therefore, the society should produce more and more languages ​​because the Khasi language is already at a higher level compared to other languages ​​in the region. recognition by the central government.
I want to be just like friends and not like young men or women who are older than Shillong and who understand friendship.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The CSWO led by Agnes Kharshiing has praised the Minister of State for Finance, Mizoram, Lalrinmawia Ralte who has resigned from the post of Minister of State for allegedly sending 32 persons. young to go to fake institutions in Kolkata and misappropriate the money.
Give love and service and people will grow and the party will grow.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Prestone Tynsong expressed his gratitude that Nongkhrah Village after many years has received a proper Dorbar Hall to carry out the work of the village. The opening of the new Ïing Dorbar today is one of the development projects and through this Ïing Dorbar the village leaders will be able to shape the village.
At the same time, he explained that this meeting is a way for the members of the RBI to exchange views and at the same time to get ideas and understand their expectations. for further development and to incorporate or include them for lending through banks.
Lamyrsiang SCC scored the first goal of the match in the 44th minute.
Bah R Kharbihkhiew also distributed the awards for the Best ASHA, Best Surveillance Worker and Best Sub Center in the District.
The JHTOA said that it will not hesitate to fight until its demand is met and after the 9th it will take tough decisions.
“We have also received information today that all the schemes that have been sent to the government for the improvement and construction of roads have been handed over to the contractors which is also a good step. Contractors to start the work,” said Mr. Charles Pyngrope.
More than 5000 people took part in the 21KM, 10KM and 5KM in different age categories.
Those who were deceived included an advocate of the Supreme Court and an employee of the Central Armed Police Forces.
In a letter sent to the Minister of State for Child Development, Dr Jitendra Singh on 26th June, 2024, the Founder Trustee and Chairperson of NEST (I) Elizabeth Mathews Nongbri said, The Detailed Project Report for the Resumption of Uranium Mining Project in Meghalaya has been prepared by our team.
The Dolloi was speaking at the launch of the book written by Dr HH Mohrmen on 21st June at HK Singh Memorial Secondary School, Jowai.
I believe that the most important thing is to improve its working methods and it will be able to serve the people,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
In the first leg of the second leg, Abul Sabar beat Pdengkerong Youth Club 1-0 in the 56th minute.
However, it will now be shown only during curfew hours, he added.
The protesters alleged that the government's action is a violation of democracy and a violation of the rules of the GHADC which states that the election of MDCs is a violation of the laws of the GHADC. It is within the authority of the Executive Committee and must be approved by the State Government and the Governor.
He said that the party has come to accompany and also sent a message to take immediate action to bring in doctors and nurses because if anything happens, the party will take strong action.
Kharshiïing said that after the completion of these tests in all 12 districts, only about 500 children will be selected for the report. After 2 months, those who have been selected will be sent to various training centers or academies with scholarships.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The Joint Action Committee of Teachers of Meghalaya (JACATAM) on Saturday decided to set up the Right to Information Committee. (RTIC) to find out more about the government's response to the lack of funds to recruit or provincialize teachers in the state.
Please tell us something about this? Dilip: This is one of the songs like Sohane Lage.
With the victory, Barcelona are still two points behind top-flight leaders Real Madrid.
In the 1980s, TB became the worst disease and many people stayed away from those infected.
The money is from the Chief Minister's Relief Fund (CMRF) and the state government has decided to distribute the money to the quarantine villages which have taken the initiative to receive those who have returned from different states to stay in these quarantine facilities. village.
The Slong and Shylla, which are mostly found in the Jaintia Hills, are related to the Thangkhiew, which are mostly found in the Khasi Hills.
KCR also expressed the need to amend the Constitution, as it has been done in other countries of the world, saying that the Congress and BJP have not allowed power. the work of the state governments.
Furthermore, some of them expressed that they are afraid and some of them were very upset, just after receiving the Adhaar until they did not even want to open it and burnt and destroyed the Adhaar completely. They have received the forms and just because they want to cancel the Aadhaar even in the midst of difficulties they have not counted anymore, but they have gone to the KSU office to get the forms. Nongstoiñ Circle has also informed the public who wish to collect their Adhaar forms to come to the office of the organization near Shipara Restaurant in Nongstoiñ and also to bring their Adhaar cards. that of them.
In another match, EJHD beat Sati Raja Memorial School (RI-BHOI) 0-1 with the goal of Eliva Kurkalang (45). Min).
The kew grown in these areas is also resistant to drought, but there are some varieties of kew grown during the rainy season in drought-prone areas such as Canada, Russia, America, Nepal and others. others are cold.
He recalled that in November last year, the Chief Justice and Supreme Court Justice J Chelameshwar had informed the Finance Department, Planning Commission and UIDAI with a PIL. The Karnataka High Court has ruled that the government has taken a decision on its own without consulting Parliament.
Just Fontaine, who used to be one of the highest scorers in football from time to time and especially in a World Cup with 13 goals, has passed away. year at the age of 89.
The Joint Secretary also promised to send a letter to confirm that the Garo language has been included in the list waiting for recognition for inclusion in the Sixth Schedule.
If this question turns around, it doesn't mean that Robertjune Kharjahrin is the same.
The MPF is closely monitoring the expenditure of candidates and political parties and is also conducting election campaigns to campaign for candidates to attract votes from the voters. and explain their purpose.
Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa, 71, saw that the two men had fallen into the water and rushed to their aid after the boat capsized.
He said he will travel for two months to Dubai or Thailand before the fight.
Therefore, it will be only after we see the UCC Bill that we will be able to take a stand as the Government,” he said.
The Bijli Mohotsav or Ujjwal Bharat, Ujjwal Bharvishya was used as a platform to celebrate the relationship between the state government and the central government and also to highlight many of the achievements of the government related to the work. production of electricity within the state and the country.
Besides, if all the educated youth are concerned about the backwardness of the state, especially the government's lack of proper implementation of schemes in the rural areas, it will explain to the public how to go and explain. their responsibilities to government officials.
Shillong: The Federation of Khasi Garo and Jaintia People (FKJGP) today expressed its concern over the inadequacy of the new road from Khyndia Lad to Motphran.
The prophets and apostles have foretold that in the last days there will come scoffers, walking after their own lusts, and saying, 'Where is this promise of God?' your coming? For since the fathers fell asleep, all things continue as they were from the beginning of the creation (2 Pet 3:3-4).
We should not think foolishly and praise the government for dismantling the illegal coal factories because we don't believe that the government and the district authorities of West Khasi Hills have not received information about the existence of those factories. .
Shillong: The Police Traffic Department has announced that it will close traffic in the Golflink and Mawroh areas on the 22nd and 23rd of June for the 27th All India Police Golf Tournament at Shillong Golf Course.
“I hope that not only on this occasion, because it is World Environment Day, we will clean up the environment and our surroundings but I also hope that every day, we will do a little bit in terms of It is our duty not to throw garbage from our homes or when we walk on the streets but to put it in our pockets so that our environment will be protected. beautiful," the teacher said.
When other CEMs and Ems are appointed, the EC does not have a political connection with the EC.
which includes BDO offices Saipung and Khliehriat as well as the judiciary in the court in Khliehriat.
When asked about these suggestions, Jemino said, “At the meeting, the Minister of Law has told us that it is not yet time to inform the public, these are the 8 suggestions that the UDP has submitted. to the Chairperson because these comments will have to be sent to the Expert Committee”.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 28: The government has allocated funds for the improvement of the road from Nongstoiñ to Sohpian, which is more than 6 kilometers long.
The Chief Election Commissioner (CEO) of the state, Bah FR Kharkongngor, in an order, has warned that no misuse of government vehicles will be allowed. Party meetings should not be posted on the official websites of the government, no officers should be transferred or new positions should be appointed and these rules will remain in force until the end of the elections.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The MPCC has punished two MLAs, Ngaitlang Dhar from Umroi and Sniawbhalang Dhar MLA from Nartiang, for allegedly stealing from Congress candidate Vincent H Pala. lost from these two constituencies.
“Oh, you're still waiting for the time.
According to Navy sources, up to 11 soldiers are expected to start working from Sunday morning this week and their expensive equipment will help these soldiers to fall into the numerous and dense areas of this creek.
The cold weather, which is almost the size of a school, has struck Rongjeng village this evening and according to media reports, up to 80 percent of the houses have been destroyed. thiaw in this storm of cold.
Two of them have been charged with assaulting police officers, along with one charged with possession of a knife.
This was announced by the Minister of Finance in his speech on the budget for the year 2021-2
Therefore, the people should understand for themselves and not to rely on the children who have burned the ground and eaten that it is time for a change to guarantee the years to come and to start that they should. They are people (MDCs & MPs) who have the spirit of Tirot Singh and Kiang Nangbah and who are ready to sacrifice themselves for the sake of the future.
Mattia is highly respected in Italy for being one of those who take the initiative to help sick children and those being treated in various hospitals.
This is based on the number of beneficiaries who wish to apply again with the assistance of the Ministry of Foods & Civil Supplies, from those who have registered their Aadhaar names, those who have surrendered their Ration Cards, those who have relocated. Ration Card to other FPS, renewal of accommodation and others.
The police have not been able to help when these incidents happen,” they added.
The Chairman of Umsning Town Durbar (UTD), Bah Rocky Kylla, was the chief guest and in his speech, he highlighted three aspects that drivers should have, namely unity, accountability and collaboration.
The office bearers are Bah Martamlin Pyrbot as Rangbah Shnong, Bah Yoney Rymabi as Assistant Rangbah Shnong, Bah Snelson L. Chyne as General Secretary, Bah Wandache Pyrbot as Joint Secretary, Bah B. Doome as Treasurer. War as Social Secretary, JR Warjri as Assistant Secretary Block-I, E. Pakyntien as Assistant Secretary Block-II, C. Janong as Assistant Secretary Block-III, Bah A. Lyngdoh as Assistant Secretary Block-III. IV and also appointed 16 Executive Members.
Tura, Jymmang 11: The construction of the 100-bed Civil Hospital in Resubelpara, North Garo Hills District has been delayed for 10 years due to the non-payment of funds by the Government to the contractor.
Shillong, Nailur 07: Two KSU and SSSS of South West Khasi Hills District have strongly opposed the government's decision to transfer more and more officers from the district. it has affected economic development and business management.
Shillong: Rangdajied United beat Rymbai Iawpynsing 3-0 today to qualify for the semi final of the Meghalaya State League 2023 at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
The Government of Assam should refer the case to Meghalaya and if necessary, the Meghalaya Police should investigate.
The meeting to bring about an understanding between the Karbi and Pnars in Khanduli area, which lasted for more than 10 months, has failed due to the lack of clarity on the status of the Entry Tax Gate. The Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council in Khanduli has been the main cause of the clashes between the Karbi and Pnars.
Shillong, November 7: The Kharkongor Kur has appealed to the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) to investigate the death of Victoria D Kharkongor in Dispur, Assam.
Except for children under 2 years of age and those with asthma, they can use homemade masks to protect their head and nose when they go outside.
As soon as Bah Robert danced, the students were invited to join in and this caused the spectators to watch what happened at Khyndai Lad which is the most crowded place in the city.
The Court also said that the Hima Sohra cannot ban any vehicles that have permits to trade in land if these vehicles have paid the fee.
Umphrup Sports Club has won the 1st Raid Nongbri Knockout Football Tournament organized by the Executive Committee of Raid Nongbri, Umphrup Hima Khyrim. Lighthouse Sports Club beat Lightning 3-2
“Because the people already have the names of villages in Meghalaya on their EPIC cards like Saitsohma, Khanduli, Mukroh, Sahsniang, Mokaiaw and others, the HBDR would also like to demand from the CEO to include the names of villages in Meghalaya. “It's the people of Meghalaya,” said Chandame.
According to the NEC Secretary, it is only in the last 10 years that the Meghalaya government has been able to submit its projects to the NEC more quickly and has been able to issue Utilization Certificates (UC).
Through this Rozgar Mela, the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government has recruited recruits from various Central Armed Police Force (CAPF) such as Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF), Border Security Force (BSF), Shashtra Seema Bal (SSB). ), Assam Rifles, Central Industrial Security Force (CISF), Indo Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) and Narcoticscontrol Bureau (NCB) as well as the Delhi Police.
The three militants were killed in the village of Jalaman near Jenin in the West Bank after being shot down by Israeli missile drones. The vehicle was carrying three persons.
Speaking to reporters, Testaiphul said that she was evicted from the village only because she moved from one church to another.
Shillong: U Process T Sawkmie, MLA of the Congress party, on Tuesday said that the process of replacing the President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) will take time. to the full leader of the All India Congress Committee (AICC).
They said that at present every household in the villages raises Khasi chickens and does not want to raise Kuroiler or Broiler chickens, because of the high cost of feeding.
Each work order has cost more than Rs. 200,000, and the JSU has also found that the works have not been completed according to the funds allocated.
Nongstoin: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today explained to the public at the distribution of checks to the Producer Groups in Nongstoin constituency that the receipt of money through FOCUS is not a money. However, this is a government assistance which the farmers no longer have to pay and he expected that the members of these groups will make proper use of this assistance.
The meeting was conducted by former BJP East Jaintia Hills President Herlington Shadap in the presence of former BJP State President Shibun Lyngdoh.
Assistance will also be provided to all those who own and establish tourist attractions in the amount of 2,500 tyngka per month.
The complaint against the suspect was lodged by the relatives of the girl.
“We don't understand the order of the East Khasi Hills District Administration in the past few days when we were selling, no one said anything and we were very happy that we have resumed trading, but suddenly now “They are not allowed anymore, especially in the Motphran area, while those who sell in the Mawlong Market area,” said some of the vendors who did not want to be named. on Monday.
“It was also said that the Khasi Pnars, who live by agriculture, produce agricultural products such as rice, jhur and bunjait, white rice, rice bran, rice bran, cattle, pigs, goats, muid, sying, synsar, cinnamon tree and others,” said the Forum and added, “many of these crops especially jhur and Ryndia rice, livestock such as cows, pigs, goats do not grow. market in Assam.
This is because of our 'Sanskaar' which we receive from the Vedas and Vivekanand.
Because many countries have also feared the beginning of China's decline and which could lead to a rise in prices in many countries if the demand for Chinese goods declines or decreases. .
Khliehriat, July 04: The Chairman of the Employment Cell of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HNM) Central Body, Bah Wyraiwan Sohtun today met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Baranwal, IAS and others. He said that the union intends to hold a special fair related to employment, known as the Job Recruitment Mela in the state. June 2024, this is for employment in companies or any private sector enterprises.
Shillong: The Executive Committee of Shillong, on Tuesday discussed two Bills, which the EC intends to introduce in the Legislative Assembly on the 8th of November. the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Khasi Inheritance of Property Bill 2021 and the Village and Town Development Council Bill.
Besides, the Congress leader expressed his confidence that his party will do better than the TMC in Garo Hills in the upcoming elections.
The people on Saturday came out together with the mohkhiew, lyngka women and men to work on the footpath which is not less than 1 km long.
Director to release the food fees for the children and students of the state for the year 2020-21 on the grounds that at present many families, parents of children and students who come The poor households are facing a serious problem due to the lack of food in their homes due to the spread of Covid-1
“During the meeting with Thackeray, Pawar spoke about the coercion and threats made by the investigating teams of the CM, the Central Bureau of Investigation CBI] and police forces who wanted to divide the NCP like the Shiv Sena.
They also said that as we know that the BJP party under the leadership of the Prime Minister has a goal to eradicate corruption.
“The 80% demand is because Meghalaya has only 30 lakh residents and these include students, who will retire from their jobs. “It's not even 80% but the state residents don't get jobs because of the lack of people,” he said.
Let us look at what happened in ancient Israel under the rule of their Government. The rulers of the house of Israel have hated that which is good, and loved that which is evil: they have cut off their skin from them, and their flesh from their bones.
The DC has requested the party not to suspend the party as he has already written to the government to give his opinion on this and if necessary to set up a committee will do so, he added. The DC in talks with the Commander.
“Why do we call a person who is no longer in power, because we don't have such a mindset, we thank you for your contribution.
Rimaya Manar has been appointed as the principal of the college.
The situation in 1972 and the situation now have changed, and if we follow the SRP then I would like to ask why the Khasi-Jaintia get 40% reservation and the Garo get 40% reservation.
If the Government goes ahead with this initiative, who else will cover the expenses of the booksellers?
God said to Moses, “I am the God of your father, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob” (Exodus 3:6).
When considering the High Level Meetings between the senior officials of the Government of Meghalaya and Assam, they are just like coffee meetings because after the meeting, the people face the same problem.
He said that after 2014, 14 residents have lost their lives and more than 32,000 people have fallen ill.
The Government of Meghalaya has distributed 2000 tyngka to 87,187 farmers under the PM KISAN scheme and 15000 tyngka to 3,01,428 mothers under the PM Jan Dhan scheme. Yojana' and 3000 tyngka to about 17,649 construction workers and others, and 2,100 tyngka to other contractors in the state.
“I'm going to the market today.
Only residents of Umroi Constituency who have completed Class X above, who have reached the age of 17 years 6 months (until July 2019) are eligible to participate in this training programme. and especially those who wish to contest government examinations like DSC, MPSC etc.
We don't know how many kilograms of heroin have smuggled into the state but have escaped from the seizure of the police.
The High Level Committee of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has renewed several posts of the Central Executive Committee (CEC) at its meeting today. the activities of the Seng in the State as a whole.
Shnalad Rymbai, leader of the JSM, said that at present there are hundreds of factories in East Jaintia Hills alone, while most of these factories employ foreign workers. Before setting up the factories, they used to ask for Experience Certificate only to prevent foreign youth from entering the factories.
For more information, please call +91 89746 26205 +91 93625 50759 or Email us.
The family members of this 13-year-old girl from Siangra, Nongstoin Hima, West Khasi Hills have searched for phones all over the country and the phone reached Bah John F Kharshiing, who immediately informed the victim. The families of this Khadlai youth received the information the next day at 3.30 pm on 22nd May 2020 by the Meghalaya Police. Police COVID Control, have found the child within 30 minutes and have helped in the search and helped the 30-year-old child to talk to his family by phone.
This treatment protects the skin of the apple and protects it from the loss of water in the apple.
Besides, the MLA also promised to fulfill the demands of the people for a proper road after announcing that the construction of the road from Lailad will soon start. Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem expressed his delight to be able to participate with the residents of Umsawnongbri, which is also the day of the The residents of the village are delighted to have been able to open the Auditorium Hall.
The inspection was attended by Mawlai Town Dorbar MLA, PT Sawkmie (MDC), members of Mawlai Town Dorbar, JAC of the two political parties. Mawlai and others besides the BDO. On this occasion, the BDO also explained that the establishment of the block in Mawlai does not mean that all the schemes or development works will be done by the new block, but there are schemes. The 100 days of NREGS schemes will have to continue in Mylliem Block as these schemes have now been implemented in Mylliem C&RD Block.
This area is one of the camps of drug users and many incidents of robbery happen from time to time,” said the union.
The first reason is the differences between us and our fellow citizens.
The KSU demands that the police station in Raliang should be upgraded to a fully functional police station.
They also said that during the raid, the HYC has also found that some of them are selling drugs by carrying small quantities and this has increased the encouragement of the people because when these activities are spreading, the thief and thiem are also very strong.
Rathore, who was the Leader of the Opposition in the upcoming Assembly, strongly criticized the Congress party for the speech of the Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot. There is a continuity of rule according to the wishes of the Congress party.
Furthermore, the owners of sha and ja shops should provide a cooking area and put hand sanitizer in front of the shop, should use leaves and paper to serve food or sha to the customers and should not use plates or cutlery. plastic.
After the second half, the French team strengthened their play but this did not help them to score the first goal.
Syntu is a hard working woman who doesn't waste her time.
Police have arrested Johny A Marak after receiving a tip.
Ouatcha Mom? How many, how many dew, Mom? Thuracommittee, coronaviruscommittee, manga equal to thied in your shop"
don't worry about these things...they are all Bangladeshi people.
In the case of Regina Marbaniang, the Dorbar Shnong has already given the foundation stone of the house and garden while she was living with her ex-husband (Chamborlin Lyngdoh) but she has abandoned her husband and the two. Three daughters have been away from the village for about 6 years.
Car-pass holders should wear stickers especially the vehicles of priests and sisters.
The swearing-in ceremony of the Prime Minister may be held on November 15 which is also his birthday.
According to Rijiju, the lack of awareness among the people in the North East is probably due to the lack of proper dissemination of information from the relevant authorities.
Nongpoh: The residents of Baridua, on Saturday, held a public meeting to demand that the Hima Mylliem should hold the election of a new Rangbah Shnong in the village. .
Speaking on this occasion, Father Hilarius said that if we choose the right, then we are law-abiding people, we earn righteousness and we build a good character for ourselves, our family, our the society in the family, in the clan, in the tribe, in the village, in the community, in the church and in the nation as a whole.
"“We have no problem translating subjects.
“Ka seng commemorates the birth of Thomas Jones, the father of the Khasi alphabet, which will be remembered forever in the history of the Khasi alphabet from generation to generation because it was through his contribution. Thomas Jones in the writing and development of the Khasi language from these years when he first came to Sohra on 22nd July 1841 until now,” said the statement.
The residents of Nongstoiñ area on the 20th of June 2013 have flocked to Nongstoiñ Market and filled the streets to listen to the views of the 8 MLA candidates from Nongstoiñ constituency. The Common Platform for the election was held by the Dorbar Shnong New Nongstoiñ.
Three MLAs including Mawphlang MLA Mathew Beyondstar Kurbah, Mawsynram MLA Olan Sing Suin and Ranikor MLA Pius Marweiñ were accompanied by PWD officials. PWD Eastern Circle AB Umdor, A Syiemlieh, Executive Engineer PWD Mawphlang Division, K Kharsyntiew and the contractors who are implementing this part of the road.
Her relatives said that since she entered the sport, they have been warning her not to compete in this sport because she has not fallen especially because she comes from a poor family. .
On the same day, it was reported that a young woman who was playing in the area, fell into the river, but escaped by drowning.
The Seng Samla has conducted treatment programs such as tooth decay, ear disease, eye disease and others.
Of these 365 cases, 134 are from Guwahati, said Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
The Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan, has approved to convene a special session of the KHADC to discuss the Village Administration Bill, this Thursday.
The Chief-de-Mission of the Japanese Government, Kawazu Kunihiko, met with the Symbud Prime Minister, Prestone Tynsong to inform him of the Japanese government's plan. this is the step you take.
The neighboring village authorities and the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills have been informed of the letter, said a statement from the Public Relations Officer of the Ministry of Defence.
There are three women in the House, Santa Mary Shylla of the NPP from Sutnga-Saipung, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh of the NPP from East Shillong and Miani D Shira of the All India Trinamool. Congress and Amapti.
To continue the success of Sujalam 1.0, the DDWS has launched 2.0 which looks after the provision of wastewater treatment facilities in villages and workplaces such as Panchayat Ghars, Primary Health Care Centres, Schools, anganwadi centers and other government institutions.
“We expect the FCI and the Home Guard Civil Defense to implement these demands,” said Khrawkupar Nongsiej.
The people who came and went could not bear the snow as soon as they reached those places.
Kareena Kapoor Khan, although she has been able to act in various roles in films, has refused to act in shooting films. of me.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said, “I have always lived with nature, in the hills, rivers, forests.
The government will provide a compensation of T.10 lakh to the family of this child, and I have assured them that our government will punish the thief,” he said. .
Schedule 7 of the Constitution of India empowers the State Governments to make laws in respect of Villages according to the State List (entry 5) and in Khasi Hills the K.H.A.D.C. it is " I " who will do this work.
Speaking at an election rally in Myriaw to urge the people to support Biolinda Lyngdoh, NPP candidate from Mawthadraishan, Conrad said the scheme will be 5000 tyngka from FOCUS and another 5000 tyngka. from FOCUS+ and is for each farmer household member.
Mukhla FC, which won the trophy, received a cash prize of T.5,00,00,/- while Salaroh FC, which won the second place, went home together. The amount of money is 2,00,000/-.
To provide a sense of constant healing for patients and their families and to improve the quality of life for all people in the community.
Furthermore, the announcements from the government, including the DIPR, use the same words above and they don't know how to pronounce Khasi, like the following: Ia ka Kynhun, They pronounce 'hun'-kynhun.
Speaking at the meeting, Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS said that the Government of India and the Government of Meghalaya have taken measures to provide clarification on the necessary issues. He also stressed the need to provide awareness on child labor and the violation of children's rights. It is also important that the departments work together to ensure that there will be no more forced abduction of children from the district to other places and such a situation needs to be monitored.
Marak (28), from Hathmari, Damalgre, SWGH. Ten policemen were also injured in the incident. /177 Gracefield K Sangma, SFC/102 Cliver B Marak, WP/UBSI Esther R Marak, ABC/679 Bikram Chettry, LNK Gopbison R Marak, SFC/141 Lazarus T Sangma, SFC/206 Mrithon P Sangma from Meghalaya Police.
"Yes," said Niakha. "Yes, because we ended up at home, Rida also stayed at home from class..." said Rida's mother. While they were talking about the household chores, Lok i Niakha, on the other hand, went out into the fields with her children.
It is pleasing to urge all the Hynniewtrep people to stand together and give their full support to the demand of the Jaintia Durbar for the Khasi-Jaintia State. Trep State" which is the name of the Khasi, Pnar (Jaintia), Bhoi, War, Maram and Lyngngam which has been accepted by all the intellectuals of our nation such as Soso Tham and Since ancient times, the Hynniewtrep people and their descendants have been freed from the humiliation and enslavement of other peoples who are less than us in terms of population and economy. education.
However, a man who doesn't have that cup and bag together doesn't feel mynder even until he is old.
“The HNLC is not satisfied with the findings of the investigation,” said Sadon K Blah, HNLC spokesperson at the peace talks.
Blaridahun Dkhar and Emisakani Warjri took two wickets each and scored 45 runs each in 10 overs.
The order also urged the government to follow the guidelines laid down by the Government of India and the WHO for the last rites of the deceased.
He said that the MCTA, which is committed to working for the betterment of education, expects the talks to be fruitful and therefore has accepted the invitation for the talks to be held on Monday. .
Shillong: Three motorcycles were burnt down in Rilbong this morning.
He said that the state government has been able to improve the quality of health services by increasing the number of staff, where the Medical Recruitment Board has been able to complete up to 47%. posts less than ten years.
Thus the Duwan of the Dupat was prepared, in front of the Ïing Sad, and covered with four pieces of dew saw, to begin the sacrifice.
East Khasi Hills has 237 cases and Ribhoi has 77 new cases.
Revelation 17:1
They agreed that once he paid the money, they would release him safely, but after that, they took away his mobile phone, id card and other items. At 3 pm on 9th November 2019, Bah Amon, escaped from the scene, but his whereabouts are still unknown, according to a complaint from his mother.
He also strongly criticized the Congress government for not being able to resolve the border issue of the state and which has caused problems to the people, especially those living in the border areas with Assam. The UDP will bring to power all the officers from the DCs, the police should be people who understand the work, customs and traditions in the state, he added.
It is learned that since the time of the Congress rule in the state under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma, there has been a demand by various groups that the Congress government should implement the ILP to ban the mynder. .
Speaking to reporters after leaving the Deputy Commissioner's office, Serbilin Lyngdoh, President of the Union, said that since last year, the government has been talking from time to time to order Members of the Regional Committee on Border Dispute in charge of West Khasi Hills.
We should also protect and encourage them to come forward to tell, get tested and take care of themselves.
The union also urged the school management to manage and serve their duties properly, so that there will be no loss to anyone.
On this occasion, up to 200 tree seedlings were planted, which were donated by the Forest Department of Nongpoh.
The 'sew remdor' is the 'Pedigree'
He said that unlike Mizoram and Nagaland, Meghalaya does not receive protection under Article 371G and Article 371A. within their borders.
Does God approve of that? As mentioned above, the time itself is given to each of us, 24 hours a day.
It is to be recalled that on 12.01.1972, the Government of Meghalaya was still an Autonomous State when it was inaugurated by Prime Minister Indira Gandhi on
We suspect that there is a serious corruption,” said the FKJGP leader. We strongly condemn this negligence of the Government and the Sports and Youth Affairs Department should pay compensation to those injured in the collapse. “It's a good idea to visit the football stadium in Polo today,” he said.
“After being selected, the beneficiaries will have to lodge a complaint within 15 days,” he said.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 05: In a fire incident, while the owners of a house in Nongagang Marngar village were on their way to bury the house of Walinda Binong, who passed away recently in Rajasthan, a fire broke out. They lost all their belongings from rice, clothes, necessary documents, tools and equipment in which the damage amounted to lakhs of rupees.
Pauline said that about 40 countries from all over the world have participated in the competition especially those that have been ruled by the British Government in the past years. commonwealth.
In the recent tournament, Mirabai Chanu came second in the women's 49kg category at the 2022 World Weightlifting Championships in Colombia in November.
There are four candidates for the post of Waheh Shnong and the people of Namdong B have elected Damian S War to serve the village.
Not only that, the department does not have any information on how many tonnes or kilograms of these products the state has produced in 10 years.
In fact, earlier, the former Joint Director of Shillong Civil Hospital had launched an inquiry into the incident.
The road was funded in November, 2020 by the PWD Department of the State Government while the water pump for the benefit of the residents was funded by Bah Lambor from the Special Rural Work Program (SRWP).
Nongstoiñ: The Subroto Cup of the District Level Inter School Football Tournament 2018 has been held at the District Sports Officer WKHD Nongstoin today. Bah KL Nongbri DC Incharge of WKHD was the chief guest.
This happened as the theme of this prayer says, 'All mankind is a child of God'
The incident happened while she and her sister-in-law, Tiewshalor Ryntathiang, 18, were cleaning the pig feed field near the Kynshi River.
It is time to tell the Gentiles of God's great love for mankind on earth which has been going on for more than 2000 years since Jesus came to earth as a man.
This is in response to the reply of Union Minister Dr. Jitendra Singh in the Lok Sabha on Tuesday,” said the statement.
Two new websites, rkmshillong.org and vcc, were also launched on the occasion.
The State has set up three types of quarantine centres, Corona Care Centres, Institutional Quarantine Centers and Community Quarantine Centres.
Speaking to reporters, KSU President Lambok-Starwell Marngar said that the KSU has not yet ended the protest against the railway line despite the government's decision to temporarily suspend the railway line.
Babasaheb urged: “I hope that once a day the country will know that the country is greater than the people, that the worship of Mr. Gandhi or Mr. Jinnah and the service of India is one of the two countries that are opposite.
Regarding this road, u Bah Nongteiñ urged the state government to create the mechanisms to allocate funds for the maintenance of this road which has been implemented under the MNREGS scheme. Even if money is spent on cleaning the stone, it has been a great benefit to the people.
AAY= 1575Kgs, PHH = 1790Kgs Non-NFSA 58kgs per month and in total we get at least 68 byrni per month for the transportation fee from the wholesaler to deliver to the village. is fifty tyngka for 1 byrni of rice from Mawjrong to Kongthong and the total cost of transportation per month reaches 3400 (three thousand four hundred tyngka per month) if in one year it reaches 40800 (forty thousand five hundred tyngka) The wholesaler's fee is 10 tyngka per byrni, the vehicle fee at the ration distribution center is 10 tyngka and if you count it, it is 20 tyngka per byrni. monthly and annually the daju fee has reached 16320 (seven thousand four hundred and twenty tyngka). 500 (five hundred tyngka) for one trip per year will be up to 6000 (hynriew thousand tyngka) labor fee for the distribution of rice. The minimum wage is 300 (laispah tyngka) for one person and 600 (hynriewspah tyngka) for two people for one day in a month. The total expenditure has reached 1200 (four hundred tyngka) per month and for the whole year it will reach 14400 thousand four hundred tyngka only for the labor costs for the distribution of rice. These expenditures are not less than 77520 (ninety-nine thousand five hundred and twenty tyngka) and the vehicle expenditure incurred per year is only 31042 (forty-one thousand forty-two). I have been receiving this money since the beginning of the National Food and Security Act in 2016 when I became an FP Shop dealer in Kongthong.
They counted 9 months after the Angel's Announcement.
“Many people from Meghalaya, once they arrive in Khanapara, don't feel that it is still their own land, the large number of foreigners living in this area and the lack of signboards that show that it is still their own land. Meghalaya has brought a sense of foreignness especially to those who go to Khanapara,” said Bah Marten.
Bah Byrsat said that the love of football and the ability of the Laitkseh Sport Club to run the tournaments well has prompted the MLA to think specifically for the club because in the past years even if it has lost its football tournament. The club has built seats with siej but it is one of the clubs which has been famous for its football management where thousands of people come to witness the matches in the village.
Shillong: There have been 55 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 160 recoveries and 2 deaths.
The date for the election for the election of the Lamphang is 9th October, but if there is no election, the Protem Speaker will announce the name of Thomas as the new Lamphang. The first Legislative Assembly of the State in the Legislative Assembly on that day.
The book, which has just been published, contains his sermons, which he has delivered in Synod services since
We demand that the current Service Rules should be amended for the safety of nurses in the state,” said the ANM nurses in a statement.
The tournament was inaugurated by the BDO of Mylliem Block, Bah Andrew L.Myrthong as the chief guest in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong of Umlyngka, Bah Stephan Lyngdoh.
Badon, on the other hand, should have scored a hat-trick in the 87th minute but he couldn't get the ball into the net.
The State Government in 2020 has sent to the Central Government a Resolution to implement the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya which was approved by the State Legislative Assembly in November,
He also encouraged the students that it is their part to give back to the society and they can become religious leaders, political leaders, officers in various government departments but the it is their responsibility to give their best to society.
The KSU was led by President Reuben Najiar and Jason Laloo General Secretary in the presence of other leaders and members.
“We have to find out whether Bah Prestone Tynsong used to talk to the rebel leader in these matters,” said Dr Mukul. the last few days before the handover".
Behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy which shall be to all the people.
After receiving information about the incident, Mawhati MDC James Sylliang rushed to the village to help the refugees. Shillong to assist the families affected by the disaster.
The village authorities said that many Khasi in this area have their own land (Khurit) and only a small amount of Raid land and forests in this area have been destroyed. only the village forests are not allowed to be planted by the people.
The government should have informed the land owners that the Salestian Fathers, who are the owners of the land, have violated their rights. before it disintegrated.
To the Lyngdoh Mawlieh, the Syiem Sad gave the same ten klong of 'iadum, and he suit the same.
The chief guest who witnessed the ceremony was the President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) and Nongkrem MLA Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit in the presence of North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum and Mawlai MLA Brightstarwell Marbaniang as symbuds. important.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Kharkongor said that the decision of the Court is clear in that it has clearly stated that foreigners who set up shops in the area under the jurisdiction of the Council, are to obtain a trading license.
The curfew has also affected the National Highways 40 and 44 to Mizoram, Tripura and parts of Manipur and Assam.
He said that Bah Dasakhiabha Lamare, who is his brother-in-law, and in his tenure as MLA, has done many things to bring about development in Mawhati area from roads, schools, health. Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare in his tenure as MLA, has brought more than Rs 300 crore development schemes in Mawhati area. A great blessing to the people of Mawhati.
Although we cannot see God face to face with our human eyes, let us remember that we are all created by Him.
There shall be no wrath or jealousy...but there shall be no wrong, no mercy, no injustice in judgment.
Meanwhile, Frank Hoogerbeets said there was an earthquake measuring 8 on the Richter scale.
“On the other hand, the newly appointed Leader, Conrad Sangma, while talking to reporters, said that the elections to the Legislative Assembly have just ended and the Leader of all the MLAs has been elected. The party has received a letter of support from the BJP and other parties to form a government.
Therefore, the FSS provides training to all the young girls who come to take part in the competition for about two months so that they can become skilled when walking or answering in the rhythm and avoid stupidity.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to release the list of Khasi Kurs within the jurisdiction of the Council.
He said that South West Khasi Hills cannot be said to be a backward district or region.
Shillong, March 22: The Jaintia National Council (JNC) on Tuesday urged the Ministers and MLAs of Jaintia Hills to discuss the issue of development grants and not to discuss the issue of development grants. “We urge the Government Ministers of Jaintia Hills to raise this issue during the Cabinet meeting...and to also talk about the lack of development works in East Jaintia Hills District since the destruction of the road, the “The non-functioning of government schools, the shortage of government hospitals, the failure to meet the demand for a Government College and others instead of discussing the railway issue,” said JNC President Bah Sambormi. Lyngdoh said in a statement.
This power outage in these villages has surprised MeECL to implement the shutdown in these villages.
The MDC has donated two houses.
The government's claim to include the bridge and along the river by assuring the state government not to turn it into a commercial area, is just a joke.
Pynshngain is one of the MLAs who fought against the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma until the party suspended him.
Shillong, Jymmang 07 : The Under-10 (Boys) Football League 2023 organized by the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) has resumed on Saturday at the Polo Ground, Shillong.
Police said that the commander of No 14 platoon of 4th MLP battalion in William Nagar was arrested after Havildar Shyam Thakur lodged a complaint alleging that the magazine and bullets were given to him. , are gone.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, four deaths were reported from East Khasi Hills and one from West Jaintia Hills District.
The meeting was attended by Bah G Dhar, BDO Mawkynrew Block, Dr Shaji ML, Principal of Good Shepherd School, Village Leaders, Women, Elders, PDF Leaders, Teachers, school children and parents among others.
In a statement, Bah Metbah said that it is a great loss to the party because his joining the party in a short period of time is an encouragement to all because he is a rangbah. who has grown up in politics and who has served the nation in many fields and especially to serve as a member of the Legislative Assembly for many years and also as a leader of the Sohiong constituency.
However, the Chief Executive Member of JHADC in his speech at the 25th Anniversary of Psiar Upper Primary School said that the border residents have been suffering from voting and receiving assistance from the Assam government and Meghalaya.
The government is working with a vision to bring about change and development in the state,” he said.
It is to be recalled that HANM has closed down the toll gate due to the deterioration of the NH-6 from Dkhiah to Malidor.
India and Saudi Arabia have been the top countries in importing firearms and explosives.
Mawpdang opened the scoring in the 11th minute through Pyntip Syiem, the ball escaped from the hands of the goalkeeper and went into the net.
Shillong, Naiwieng : After inspecting with the PWD officials, Mawlai MLA Bah PT Sawkmie on Tuesday expressed his satisfaction that they have been able to clean up the road from Mawlai Petrol Pump. They have started cleaning from the FCI to the Presbyterian Church Mawlai Mawroh.
“There is no problem for the village leaders to hold an election on one day to get only one candidate.
Another longkmie who showed her courage to say that she is not a Khasi shop, but she is the owner of the shop, is Rikynti Nongdhar who sells kwai near a meat shop. masi, those who have lived for a long time in these places know better because they have seen what happens every day.
“We don't think that Bah Rowell knows the opinion of the people and who is he that he has dared to admit that the people are against the ILP where his government has not come forward this time. “The people of Mawkyrwat should speak on this issue,” said the President of Mawkyrwat.
Samlin said he was a big supporter of the Congress in Sohiong but it turned out that it was Ardent during his tenure as CEM in KHADC and especially the Clean Political Campaign.
“We have witnessed with our own eyes his passion and hard work in the field of sports, to develop the children and youth of the area to bring them to the level of the current standard.
Mawklot scored 10 goals in the first half and 10 goals in the second half and although Lyngkien played hard but until the end they couldn't turn the tide. SC won the game 2-0
Replying to a question, he said that as party workers, they need to find out and know the root causes of the party especially in Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Therefore, the importance of the words of the Buddha has become more meaningful during the celebration of Buddha Purnima and the people have prayed to God for peace.
Shillong: West Jaintia Hills District has won eight medals in the wushu event at the Meghalaya Games 2019-2
Police said that after overtaking other vehicles, she collided with a Hyundai Eon registration number ML05 K 2600 which was passing on the same road.
Speaking to reporters, Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem, said that he received the order from the District Council at 3:30 pm to become the Acting Syiem.
However, when they left the party, they joined the party from Bengal and other parties just to achieve wealth if they came to power,” said AICC Incharge Meghalaya Manish Chatrath.
In 2018, Madhya Pradesh was won by the Congress with a majority of seats for the BJP.
With a distance of 80 kilometres, this is one of the 18 events in the NEOG 2022 which was held outside Shillong where cyclists also had the opportunity to see the surroundings and the roads are good since the beginning of this day.
Shillong: Despite many shortcomings in urban schools, the Presbyterian Lower & Upper Primary School, Mawdulop, in the rural areas of Mawkynrew constituency, has produced good results in education despite the challenges. you are wise to the city.
One of the Khasi elders said that the country means the land, and once we lose the ownership of the land it means that we have lost the country.
According to sources, at the time of the incident, 10 students were involved in the incident.
After arresting one person yesterday, police today arrested three more youths from Lawsohtun village who are between the ages of 18-21 years old.
Before arriving in Bangladesh, Afghanistan will face Sri Lanka in a three-match ODI series starting on July
The ban on the use of plastic is also extended throughout the state.
“However, they have to wait for the Prime Minister in the middle of the road just to submit a petition for the main reason of the area to demand the upgradation of the C&RD Block Mawsynram to Civil. Sub Division”, said the source.
Even now, they can investigate them to find out the facts, which the Minister says she has been accused of.
“Christ also, having been offered once for all to take away sins, shall appear the second time without sin unto salvation.
Just a word".
Diengngan said the union has also found that the construction of the stone wall, guard wall and face wall of the Hume Pipe is very poor and the plastering has just been done.
If they understand paragraph 2, there will be no conflict between the ACHIKs. Except for the confusion, the state will be divided into Khasi and Garo states.
They have allocated 40 sers of rice to the family of Hynniewtrep which has 14 members and 40 sers of rice to the family of A'chik which has only four members.
