“Please read carefully so that you understand the issue and remember that the basis of the new party is to stone Prestone, Ampareen and Conrad who are thieves and robbers. you will know the truth," said Prestone.
On the same day, the MLA also inspected the site at the CNI Church which needs to be improved together with the PWD officials and also the site for the construction of a shetja room for the school children.
Names of Dkhars, taxi drivers in Shillong –.
According to the exit poll conducted by various groups such as India Today-My Axis India, Zee News-Matrize, Peoples Pulse-Big TV and Times Now-ETG. TMC will get 10-14 seats, UDP will get 8-12 seats, BJP will get 3-8 seats, Congress will get 3-5 seats, VPP 1-2 seats, PDF 1-2 seats, HSPDP 1-2 seats, GNC 0-1 seats and others 1-2 seats.
They said that during the inspection, they found that the trucks carrying not less than 15 tonnes, they expressed their concern that the bridge may collapse suddenly due to the overloading of trucks.
Bah Dengbok Kurkalang, Secretary of the village, said that the Warlarpih and Mukhim clans were the first to settle in Umiew Maw-u-Sam followed by the Mukhim clan and other clans. existence.
The two-day tournament was held at the Indoor Stadium in New Nongstoiñ and was inaugurated by Bah V.Swer (ADC) West Khasi Hills. Government Departments in the District at various levels.
Shillong, July 05: After the former Mawthadraishan or Pariong constituency has been handed over to other political parties in recent times, the HSPDP, which used to be known as the headquarters of the HSPDP, has appointed a longkmie. Biolinda L Nonglait has decided to contest the MLA election 2018 with the aim of following in the footsteps of Ma Ieid Hoping Stone Lyngdoh.
No deaths have been reported in the past 24 hours.
The State Government, after allowing the opening of places of worship/churches on Thursday, has issued orders and guidelines to curb the spread of COVID-1
These children are Anamika Lamin, Class-X (Achiever Secondary School Ummulong), Karian Suting, Class-V (Little Flower). Higher Secondary School Ummulong), Levenson Muktieh, Class-IV (Little Flower Higher Secondary School Ummulong), Raikini Dhar, Class-III (Achiever Secondary School Ummulong) and Lamiki Muruh, Class-II (Lummuriap School Ummulong).
Do the people of our state know or understand such secret ways of thinking of Delhi which is much wiser and more intelligent than us here?
The Shad Sukra started at 10 pm with a welcome speech by Hambiness Passah, Vice-President of the Seiñ Raij Jowai.
“The number of students in schools has increased, but there is a shortage of schools and tens of thousands of students take matriculation every year and even those who score 80 percent still find it difficult to get classes.
It is a beautiful place especially when the sky is clear, and during these times, it will be a beautiful tourist attraction, like Laitlum because it is farther away from this place where there is Lum Murok, There is a long river called the riat mun, where it is like a place to run, a place to dance and play mastieh of shrieh, birds and animals.
Police and army are still searching for the bodies in the area, after the entire village and parts of the city were destroyed.
Shillong, July 12: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has issued a notice ban ban the publication of news predicting the victory, defeat, strength and weakness of any candidate in connection with the mid-term elections in Chokpot Constituency. any candidate from 7 pm to 5 pm on the 27th of July.
In a statement sent by the President of the union, Samla Edmund Khongngai, said that the union is pleased to see that this temporary market has been opened as part of helping the farmers to sell. and to buy their produce.
There are 16 teams in Pool A: Chilliangraij, NSA, Mooknor Thadmuthlong and Lion.
Post Name:– Consultant in the field of Managerial EconomicsNo of posts:- 1 (One)Place of posting:- NEC Secretariat, Nongrim Hills, ShillongAge limit:- 25 – 45 years as on 01-01-2019.
“We have already spoken many times with the leaders in Delhi.
“The Union is deeply saddened by this incident which has brought shame not only to the Union but to the entire Bri U Hynniewtrep.
Thongni said that the elders from the villages should also participate in the appointment of MDC shu sieh, so that the villagers can also participate in the development of the country. He said that even if he is elected as an MDC, he is ready to accept.
Nongpoh, June 04: Twenty-one Field Assistants who have completed the 49th Batch of Field Assistant Training Course at the Conservation Training Institute Byrnihat today were honored at the Passing Out Ceremony organized by the Soil Department. and Water Conservation of the Government of Meghalaya was held at the auditorium of CTI Byrnihat.
These villages, which the village leaders have protested against the inclusion in the Census Town list, include Umroi Nongrah, Umroi Jaiaw Pdeng, Umroi Labansaro, Umroi Madan and Umroi Umdohbyrthih. The leaders of these villages were shocked when they heard the facts that the Census Town has been included in the Census Town. other rural villages, because they have not yet fallen into the list of urban villages.
She said that the fear and shyness of the people with the disease is one of the main reasons why they do not reach the health centers and through the encouragement of the village leaders they will It is easy to come forward to get treatment and to take medicine.
Kiang Nangbah tried to shoot Long twice but the gun did not fire.
Explaining more about the proposal to build a skywalk from Barik Point to Khyndailad, the Minister said that the project had to be suspended temporarily after the department Police said that the construction of this project will cause heavy traffic jam, so other ways have to be found before this.
He explained how &quot;the availability of technology and internet will help to accelerate the dissemination of education and reach more people without the need to travel to one place to another when training skills.
He also announced that as a sign of stopping the strike, he called on the doctors to release the thyrnia attached to the drip which started from the evening of 31st January.
Mawkyrwat, July 17: The Government of Meghalaya has appointed Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar as the Chairman of the Regional Committee (RC) led by Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar as Chairman of the West, South West and Eastern Khasi Hills District. The Government of Meghalaya today announced the distribution of financial assistance to a family in Jashiar village, South West Khasi Hills District.
About six members of the GMJ along with three MLAs will leave for Delhi to meet with MPs of various political parties to discuss the demand for Gorkhaland.
The duration of this radio program was 30 minutes from the fourth episode.
The Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, said that after looking into the situation and the needs of the students, the education department has collected The meeting sent the recommendation to the Committee to reopen schools from 1st November.
It is learned that the stolen money was deposited by the Professor into the account of the complainant, where he withdrew the money and gave it to Bhatia.
After the parents found that their children did not come home the next day, they went to the Paduh and asked him, because some of them saw that the children were climbing the tree. his car on the 25th.
For non-Christians and those who have not received enough information, they will find it very difficult to understand about these Christians because they go to their own groups, but they are easier to recognize. Hindus, or Muslims, Buddhists and others because they are one of the same group and their doctrine of love.
“It is time for us to relocate all the buildings from Shillong to relieve the congestion in the city,” he added.
JOWAI: Only 40 candidates have registered for the 29 seats of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) till the third day of filing of nominations for the Assembly elections. vacuum.
The Dorbar Dong Namchiang also requests the public to join hands and warns at the same time to the perpetrators not to do anything damaging or destructive as the Dong will not be responsible. and this protest should be peaceful and for the benefit of the people.
Shillong, Lber 20: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Friday celebrated its 36th Anniversary and decided to continue working for the welfare of the people. .
Your thep mawbah happened once.
The union also urged the government to increase the number of buses carrying government employees as part of the cleanliness of the buses and also to follow the rules of the health department to stay away from others.
Although the border settlement between the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam is still pending, Assam has increasingly occupied the land of Meghalaya on the border especially the villages under the jurisdiction of Meghalaya. Raid Nongtung, Ribhoi District.
Israel, like a fig tree, has been blooming since 1948 and has been 61 years old now, and when this fig tree (Israel) blossoms and blossoms, it means that the Rain is near.
These land owners and managers should know and be skilled in how to manage land to attract tourists in order to bring benefits, not only in terms of income, but in other ways such as recognition and agreement. friends and tourists from all over the country and the world.
“What will happen to the poor, they have to pay for their household expenses, their children's school fees, these are the problems that people are facing now,” said Saleng.
In its hearing today, the High Court has fixed the hearing for the 26th of this month.
The BDO of Jirang Block, Dr Pabitra R Hajong, said that the incident happened at about 4 pm on Sunday evening. The houses were destroyed and the trees were cut down in the middle of the road and blocked the road.
How many times have you spoken in the Assembly? Regarding the works of Bah Pala, I think he has done many things.
The victory of Bah Shiwat has not pleased the village leaders of Nongdhar Village, as on the 4th of October this year they held a Dorbar to summon Bah Laloo to appear before the Dorbar. to judge his contempt of the decision of the Dorbar.
He said that the order to carry coal is 9 MT, but is there a truck that carries 9 MT? The government has used its powers for this reason that the officers have been able to release the shallans, and the Congress party will not stand idly by on this illegal trade in coal in the state. the central government.
There are words you will find hard to pronounce.
Swastic Chettri, who had scored 95 runs, scored a century a few minutes after the start of the match.
The Government has also provided assistance through the Prime Minister's Employment Generation Program (PMEGP) schemes where young people can set up their own businesses. Computer training scheme in Jowai.
Nongsiej won the MLA election in 2013 with more than 8,000 votes from the UDP and 10,000 votes from the MDC.
In November 2023, the soh ñiamtra will be sold to the public for only three days at the Zest Fest held in Bangalore.
They were arrested and charged under the NDPS Act.
After this, a meeting was held at Mynni Mawbri Dorbar Hall at 2:30 pm and distributed to 30 people from Mynnimawbri, Mawsnarieh and Mawshongkhyndew.
“This distribution of medicines is a ploy to waste the money of the people and to corrupt the share of the people,” said a source quoted by Rupang.
Another 17 people, who live in a house in Theke Wali Gali, near the DC's office in Kapashera, have tested positive for Covid-1
Shillong: The BJP President on Tuesday expelled six candidates from Ribhoi District, including Silenstar Rani, Stining S Nongbri, Comfort Dolloi, Ebinel Dkhar, Broster Laloo and Banri Lapang.
Therefore, in order to bring a new era to motorsport in India, the IRL is trying to create a platform that will be on par with other sports platforms in the world.
From time to time, the union has demanded the construction of this road, but there has been no response from the authorities and it is not until after 2018, that the PWD department through the initiative of The MLA has allocated funds for the construction of this road and now we have this good road, which has been of great benefit to the commuters, especially to the farmers who have been able to run the market and deliver their produce. their agricultural products to the markets at any time without difficulty.
According to Zenith, states like Meghalaya which import goods will benefit greatly after the implementation of this new Act in the state.
During the peak period, the state received more than Rs 600 crore in revenue annually.
Cricket Smit won the toss and elected to bat first.
Shillong: The State Government has ordered that those night stays or home stays in areas without dams cannot be opened from now on.
To restore the power and authority to govern ourselves over the customs and traditions of the Khasi-Pnar people, let us stand together by overcoming the differences of political parties, Hima, Religion, Church, Sengbhalang, The Khasi Pnar people are only a minority in India but to demand their own Khasi-Jaintia State under Article 371 (K) of the Constitution of India.
Referring to the case filed against Marak, Lamba said, “Women and children in Meghalaya want to know when you claim to protect women and talk about 'Beti Bachao Beti Padao' A man who is known to run a smuggling camp in Meghalaya and fled to Uttar Pradesh, who has been arrested and detained.
Therefore, the Union strongly warns all vehicles carrying goods from Assam not to pass through the Marmaiñ-Nongpoh road. The police department has done whatever is necessary.
At this meeting, it was discussed how to conduct the election next year.
The party has done its best.
Shillong: The loss of students in the state has affected their education since the outbreak of Covid-19 and it was found that classes are conducted through mobile phones. good for the children and even the teachers as well.
About 700 people, including Himachal Pradesh Chief Minister Virbhadra Singh, who was on his way to campaign for the mid-term Lok Sabha elections in Mandi on 23rd November, have been stranded in parts of the country. of the Sangla region.
On those youths who have become addicted to drugs, Bah C.Syrti, said that it is very difficult for them to break free from the chains of drugs and this has caused problems not only to the mothers. fathers, family members but also in the community and society as a whole.
Hundreds of people from Assam have blocked the entry of Nagaland people into Assam by stopping all vehicles with Nagaland number plates.
Kerala has 364 cases, Andhra Pradesh 381, Gujarat 432, Karnataka 214, Jammu and Kashmir 207 and Haryana 177 cases.
This was announced by the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of West Khasi Hills, Bah Garod LSN Dykes, IAS.
The main issue discussed during their meeting was the insurgency in Garo Hills, how to create the means to destroy and immediately eliminate the insurgency. All districts of Garo Hills have been affected.
Diana, who is studying Civil Engineering (Second Year) at Shillong Polytechnic, Mawlai, was found dead in the hostel of the school.
So Deisy just laughed and just like that they got home.
He said it was God's guidance that he met people who helped to guide him.
Throughout the day, after the confirmation of the name of the candidate, there was also a welcome for many of the elders of Mawhati constituency who have joined the NPP and the most prominent of them including u James Sylliang, former MDC Mawhati, BB Makdoh, President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi District, who are also MLA candidates for the 2018 Mawhati constituency.
Furthermore, he said that it is the government's behavior that has caused the teachers to lose confidence in the government.
The General Secretary of the party, Bah Auspicious, said that the party was formed on October 1, 2017 and submitted its documents to the Election Commission on the 17th of this month. They were informed that they would notify within 15 days if there were any shortcomings but as the deadline had expired 15 days and they were not informed, it was considered sufficient.
Besides presenting the budget, Bah Syiem said that the KHAD Bill, 2015 and the KHAD (Nomination and Election of Syiem Nongkhlaw Elaka) Bill, The First Amendment Bill, 2015 will be passed today.
The candidates shall go to their homes.
The Dorbar has urged the people not to speak harshly or hurt anyone and especially those families who have been affected by the incident and if there are such, the Dorbar will accept such people. and turn them over to law enforcement.
Referring to the first part, after the demolition, it is necessary to clean up the soil and shyiap that has fallen from the area.
“The main reason why we are against registering retired soldiers from Manipur or other states in the Meghalaya District Welfare Department is because we don't have many from the state who have applied to the District Welfare Department for many benefits whether re-employment or other benefits which are provided from time to time.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Sikkim by 10 innings and 288 runs in the U-23 Col CK Nayudu Trophy in the plate group at Anantapur Stadium, Andhra Pradesh today.
On the 7th of November, the Dorbar Shnong has elected new office bearers including Bah John Sing War as Rangbah Shnong, Bah Wanaibor Kharlukhi as Assistant Rangbah Shnong, Bah Wangmin Lamin, Secretary, Bah Rhembor G Saibon and Bah Moonlight Niangti, Assistant Secretary, Bah Sandy B Basaïawmoit, Treasurer.
In this world we live in today, education is one of the most important parts of a person's life and without it human life will be destroyed and jobs will be lost.
On this day, there will also be a power struggle for the government of Conrad K Sangma after the election of the Lamphang.
Diresh Siangshai's brother Philip James Bamon, Lynti Siangshai's brother Lynti Siangshai and their relatives were present at the meeting.
Shillong, March 23 : The President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) Vincent H Pala on Tuesday said that if the people want to get a Chief Minister from the Khasi and Jaintia Hills, they should unite. .
They demanded that the government should pay compensation to the family of the victim of the BSF bullets Ronningstar Nongkynrih.
Development works, whether in any government, should go on and this is the idea of ​​democracy and after the discussion, it is also the responsibility of the Ministers of the Government of India, not to do anything wrong. , but to implement the schemes, which are necessary for the people of the State.
They left Mawïong on night duty at Technology Park but did not expect to encounter this tragic incident.
This testifies to the richness of the language.
and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance.
The deceased were identified as Phisar Nongrum, 75, Kynmaw Syngai, 70, Benti Riahtam, 60 and Lumlang Riahtam,
Creating employment opportunities for rural households in the state has been an area of ​​focus for the state government.
The arrested persons and the seized items were handed over to the police for further investigation.
The raid was conducted by the police after receiving a complaint from a child that she was raped by men in Rimpu Bagan at the house of Bernard N Marak, BJP MDC in Garo Hills. Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC).
“This is the most important demand for the people of Meghalaya as the Khasi language is spoken by more than 16 lakh people in Meghalaya.
Shillong has also witnessed the presence of 10 candidates including Kong Ivoryna Shylla, who is the longkmie to contest as an independent candidate.
“It is hoped that this time the party will be able to do the same thing as in 1998 when the UDP produced seven Jaiñspongs from all seven constituencies in Jaintia Hills who will serve as MLAs in the House. the State.
This is still happening today throughout the world among Christ followers who love to be like the scribes and Pharisees.
Selsella Sports Association opened the scoring in the 4th minute through Maldrin Marak, but Kyntiew Marthong (6') turned the tide. Headmaster.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the state government has decided to set up Mini Secretariats in the two oldest district headquarters in West Jaintia Hills. Hills District and one in West Garo Hills District.
“These donations to these candidates are a relief if I take to using them but I would like to say that my choice of candidates will be on the basis of their standing and not on the ability to donate before election," she said.
Although the work has been going smoothly since the NHM took over, the salary is low and besides that we don't get the benefits we should have received.
He said that the Meghalaya Games 2023 will be held in Tura this year with the participation of about 3000 athletes from all over the state.
Rs 100 plan will offer 1,362 minutes of IUC minutes to non-Jio numbers and 10GB data.
The Meghalaya State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights (SCPCR) has also taken action against the incident.
Ralphy Diengdoh tied 30 runs off 18 balls for the team, while Bryan Mac Millan Marbaniang was named Player of the Match for four wickets.
However, since 1948 AD they have been gathered back for 70 years in their own land, Israel, because God is not a man to lie.
Also present on the occasion were the DC, SP of East Khasi Hills and PWD department. He said that if the army continues to do so, he will go to Nongkrem to Smit to block the road.
His mother and father prayed for him.
“She is very talented in music, singing, she knows how to play many kinds of instruments and she plays the piano well.
The Meghalaya BJP has also reminded everyone that during the Christmas celebration, the party leaders including Bah AL Hek and others, have organized programs for the children, and spread awareness around the area. , which is contrary to what has been said by leaders like Bah Vincent Pala.
The suspension of the assistance at that time has led to a terrible market, which has been sold at a very low price to the farmers of the state.
The Department of Mines and Minerals has about 15 gates across the state.
Ms. Victorealness has held many positions in the Church, District, Presbytery and has also served as the General Secretary of the Women's Assembly of the KJP Synod Sepngi. I am the Treasurer of the KJP Women's Assembly.
AIS Suja "Bible" comes from the Greek word "Biblion" which means "book", "Biblia", which means book, a book made of paper.
Where does the personal word disappear.
Khasi-owned quarries and quarries in Rani Jirang, Ri Bhoi District have not believed the NGT ban and continue to operate in the quarries.
Nongstoiñ, March 11: Mawlarshong Sports Club has won the 1st Division Premier League Football Tournament of the Nongstoin District Sports Association (NDSA). 2022 Tournament.
Do you think the people of Sohiong will base the election of a new MLA on the departure of two PDF MLAs to the NPP? With the departure of these two PDF MLAs, the question is whether the NPP will What is the place for political parties like the UDP, the BJP and the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) to be in the coalition government? The BJP was the first to offer support to the NPP after the vote on 2nd October.
Regarding the decision to support any candidate whom the MCPC will support, the Committee will consider again, as the Committee believes that any candidate or candidate will be supported by the MCPC. The candidate they support should reach the goal of victory and the victory of the candidate they support will benefit the people in all aspects within the Mawhati Constituency.
Shillong: The Mylliem Sports Clubs on the 25th of this month has renewed its office bearers.
“Three children shall be left to the woman, The sin of the wicked shall be forgiven, He shall be punished by God”.
He said that the claim that the HNLC has misled and deceived the youth by throwing money and vehicles at them raises questions about the actions taken by the law enforcement agencies. .
Therefore, the MDC urged the people who have received these Work Orders to implement the schemes properly so that it will be for their own benefit and also to get the honor not only for him as u MDC but especially to the people of the constituency.
James will also hold the Power, Law, IPR and Taxation departments while Rymbui will hold the Home (Police), Education and Order Areas Development.
In connection with the incident, the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah MH Kharkrang, said that one person has been arrested in connection with the incident. Bah Alansas Kyllait, 24, who lives near the PO, said that the police will be vigilant to prevent robbers from breaking into the Puja celebrations.
According to the information received, the preparations for the acquisition of these land for the development of the new city of Shillong, have been going on well and the price to be paid to the land owners has been set by his office. Deputy Commissioner.
This shows that the Health Department or the department responsible for health has to work harder to explain to women and mothers that they should decide not to have too many children because this affects the health. maternal and child health.
Three of the four persons injured in an explosion at a grocery store on Keating Road, Shillong on Sunday are residents of Assam.
Bery, as one of the heads of the NITI Aayog, an advisory group to the Central Government, visited Meghalaya where he met with State Government officials and also visited the Hima headquarters. Mylliem in the presence of CEM of KHADC Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, other Executive Members of KHADC and others.
They also learned how to walk and jam while climbing mountains, how to climb high mountains, how to use tyllai, and how to lead a group while climbing mountains. to clear the way to walk on the high places.
The President of the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Jersome Shylla said that the Black Flag Peace Rally was held to condemn the shooting death of the former HNLC leader. who holds the law.
He said that Agatha will win the MP election next year because the people of Garo Hills are wise to elect leaders.
When asked by the officers or inspectors at Lumshnong Sub-Station, they said that the line is not enough or the tree has fallen on the sign.
If it doesn't, it is no longer a reservation, but it has become a reservation. This will take into account the reservation policy.
After his victory, Ma Wining expressed his regret over the incident of stone throwing of houses and damage to motor vehicles of the residents of Mowkaiaw which happened on the 2nd of this month.
Speaking at the meeting, the President of the party said that the wind of the Congress is blowing strongly now and this will start from Jaintia Hills and continue to Garo Hills with the merger of these two parties. senior leader.
Jowai, Lber 27: Umjalasiaw SC has won the final of the Khanduli Sport Committee on Saturday.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the SPD, HM Marbaniang, General Secretary of the MSSASA, said that the SPD has informed them that the arrear of the new salary for the fiscal year has been received. 2016-17 which is in accordance with the approval of the Project Approval Board (PAB) 2016 of the MHRD of the Union Government and also in accordance with the order issued by the State Mission Director (SMD) of SEMAM. SSA scheme in Meghalaya on 31st March, 2016 for only 3 months from 1st June to 30th July 2016 along with the new salary for the months of October and June this year has been released and sent from The State Project Director has sent a letter to the offices of all 11 District Mission Coordinators (DMCs) in the state and directed them to release them immediately without delay. (SPD) said that the reason why his office has to release the arrear of the new salary for the 2016-17 fiscal year 3 months in advance is because the MHRD department of the Union Government has not yet. The State Government has sent all the funds from its share and the remaining funds have been received this month.
We are surprised at the PCI's desire to close churches, and this is against the wishes of the Christians in the state, and there is no basis for that desire to close churches, but it is only an obstacle. to many Christians in the state.
The issues that can be discussed through this column are that every school, especially the English schools, when they have their own children, should start at the beginning to encourage the children to fall. to take the Khasi subject as one of their textbooks, or if it is too light or unwilling to be taken by all the children, perhaps it may be decided that it should be taken as one of the subjects. compulsory subject only for Khasi children, so that the language can survive.
He said that there were many experts who came to explain during these two days including Prof. Darlando T. Khating, Vice Chancellor, North East Christian University, Dimapur Nagaland, Dr. Temin. Payum, Associate Professor, Department of Botony, JN College Pasighat Arunachal Pradesh, Associate Prof.Dr.Kento Kadu, Asst.Prof Hari Loyi, Associate Prof.Dr.Mahesh Parappagoudra, Prof.B.Singh, Prof.Arun Kumar and others” .
Earlier in those years 1970-72 or shortly before or shortly after those years, our people elected people who had the right colours.
Do you know from the history that the Khasi are Hindus and from which civilization do they come?
“The security authority granted to ensure the protection of key persons is in accordance with the required undisclosed documents for the protection of key persons or the Stem Book (Yellow Book). ).
Finally, the party strongly condemns this statement without careful reading of this leader, because this shows that he or his party do not have any concern for the rights of the indigenous people. indigenous people of the state and how to maintain their identity in Meghalaya.
This silence will further alienate the people of the North East.
In ancient times, when the morality of mankind was still strong and the self-esteem of the people was still alive, the respect for others was still there.
In Ri Bhoi alone, there are three cases, one in Mawtari Myrdon village under Umsning Block, Nongrim Synjai village under Umling Block and one in Jirang Block. It is sad to know that out of these three, all of them are still empty and cannot be completed.
After receiving this answer from Pastor R.Bareh, the question that arose now is how many years will the school accommodate its students until it gets a new school building? Pastor Bareh said that the Asian Development Bank has allocated funds for the construction of a new school building at the school , but in talks with the ADB The old school should be left as it is to preserve the memory of the old buildings while the new school should be built on the vacant site. “We, the school authorities, the Presbytery and the Synod are also deeply saddened by this incident,” said Pastor Bareh.
The world is not poor or deprived, but it is the policies of the Government that impoverish and suffer the people, especially the economic policy in the field of income and trade. inheritance that benefits only a few who are in power and who have connections with the rulers.
My first meeting with the UDP was on the issue of uranium in
Sailung Ialong SC beat Mukhla Raij 3-1 in the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Tuesday.
He said the decision to continue supporting the NDA candidate in the presidential election is because they have already participated in the MDA government and they still need to continue to cooperate as there are many issues of the party. you have to talk to the central government.
The farmers who were affected by the damage by the herd include Planing Pator, Enterfield Mangu, Speaker Mangu and other neighboring farmers in the village.
It is true as Prof. Gassah said.
Teachers are also afraid that the enrollment in the school will decrease, so they will obey the parents of the children.
From November 2018 to June 20, 58,293 illegal vehicles were seized at these check gates and when the council counts the fine, if only T.1000 out of these 58,2 T.5,82,93,000 and according to the information received, the Council has found that the amount received by the Council is only T.4,83,3 57,809,700 in cash.
He said that the Supreme Court has decided that the unemployment rate for any ethnic group should not exceed 50 percent.
Jesus clearly speaks and tells him that a meaningful life is one in which people live together, are happy, grow together in society and have the right to live. the right to live a full and fulfilling life.
On the other hand, the Seng informs the public that if any of the public does not find such shops, they should immediately inform the Seng so that it can take action.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 29: The HITO Eastern Zone under the leadership of Samla Will Star Sun President and Victor Duia Secretary together with members of the Mawbuh Area today visited the Mawbuh Area. Umroi Airport after receiving information about the employees who do not have proper documents especially labor license.
The Superintendent of Police (SP) East Jaintia Hills, who appeared in person today, handed over the measures to be taken in this regard and the coal identified in those areas. The 18th Interim Report has revealed that 4800 MT of coal has been seized.
Don't allow the political parties to bring forward the census because they have thought first of the vote bank.
Shillong Lajong will play against Delhi FC on the 11th of June at Minerva Sports Complex, Delhi, while on the 16th of June, Lajong will play against Ambernath United at the Cooperage Stadium, Mumbai. Lajong will play against FC Bengaluru United at home on Friday but the AIFF has not yet announced the venue.
Shillong: U Alan West Kharkongor has joined the National People's Party (NPP) to contest the 2023 Assembly elections.
Bhaboklang Nongpluh scored 19 runs and Banshaniah Pohtam took two wickets.
After the meeting, the Deputy Commissioner and government officials visited the 30 stalls at the market.
Roy, who came from Tripura, told reporters that the need before him is to improve the traffic in Shillong.
The blast was claimed by the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK), which is banned in Turkey and other Western countries.
Through the SRWP scheme, the office of the Head Mistress of Nomiwel Secondary School and the office of the Dorbar Shnong were also opened. On the other hand, MLA Mayral Born Syiem and MDC Balajied Rani attended the ceremony. They also gave a speech to encourage the Dorbar Shnong Nongpoh, that as the Dorbar, they will continue to bring about a clean environment in the village. There is also a need for the cooperation of the residents of the village.
Residents of Shymplong and neighboring villages said that if they need to go to Khliehriat and Umkiang they have to walk from a hanging bridge on the Lukha River. Until they reached the national highway at Sonapyrdi, it was said that since the collapse of the bridge, no vehicles have been able to come and go to the border villages which have to pass through the bridge.
“Therefore, you have agreed that Bah Shanbor should be your new Rangbah Shnong.
“We did multiple tests earlier.
Shillong: Rymbrai MDC Banjop Pyngrope on Tuesday said that this is the reluctance of the state government for the UDF to come to power.
He said that various programs of the BJP in Tripura could be resumed on Sunday (July 4, 2023).
The question now is why the leaders when they sit on the seats in the Main Secretariat forget about the problems and concerns of the people.
After a thorough discussion between the ADC of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah G.Warjri and the JAC leaders together with the people of Umkiang, the JAC has agreed to lift the road blockade with the JAC. The JAC and the people will call for another road blockade in Narpuh, this evening. He also brought and showed the work order showing that the road will be repaired soon.
However, now if you contest from two or three constituencies, you have to leave one and this is wrong and incompatible at all.
Nongstoiñ, July 20: As the election to the Legislative Assembly of the State is approaching, many prominent personalities of West Khasi Hills District, have started to appear in the world to introduce themselves to the party. They have also expressed their intention to contest the election by applying for tickets from various political parties in the State.
(The author is a Retired Associate Professor, Lady Keane College).
“He has been with the BJP from the beginning,” said Sharma, adding that the handshake between the two parties was just a drama.
We have a lot of working relationships with them.
Dulong beat Sohmynting 1-0 in the Kharkongor Memorial Trophy 2023 held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Thursday. Kevin Rymbai scored the second goal for Dulong in the 10th minute.
He admits that he has now discovered a software, which has been proven to be suitable for use in the production of new organs in animals and assures that he will achieve this goal within a year. I will come.
Therefore, I have directed that they should consult and cooperate with the opposition MLAs,” said Tudu.
Enel Wahphlang, Adviser of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Lum Manik Raitong Area, requested the KHADC to issue the Trading License of MAPL as the company has already met all the requirements.
The factory, which was closed down by the leaders and members of the CoRP, is known as Shri Petro Chemical Mercantile Pvt.
In the complaint, Prodipta alleged that Sngur had assaulted her and forced her out of the shop.
Since 14 April, the US and NATO have evacuated 37,000 people from Afghanistan, but the evacuation has not gone smoothly due to the pressure of civilians to enter. They were in these ships, that they might leave the country.
Saket said Vijay Kumar, Chairman and MD of Meghalayan Age, is close to Conrad Sangma, the Chief Minister and is also known as the Super CM. Because of all the work, Conrad used to work with Vijay Kumar.
Both the coaches said that the rule introduced by the MFA to have two U-21 players in the team is not sufficient because during the Shillong Premier League season. , the SSA has not set a requirement for clubs to have U-21 players in the squad.
Data Science, Block chain, Programming Languages, Cyber ​​Crime, Machine Learning, Patents & IPR, Business Intelligence and more.
This evening at 5:30 pm, a Dkhar woman escaped from being beaten by Khasi women for stealing her pla from a woman in Motphran.
PMKSK oversees the provision of services and materials such as fertilizers, seeds, pesticides, various equipment and the use of drones to spray fertilizers and pesticides.
According to that book, the Khasi ancestors counted three months per year, twenty-five days per month and five days per month.
MIT has brought in departments to explore skills in various fields that can bring about the development of children and the state.
Everyone was ready to sell their various goods in Motphran.
On the incident, Bah George Lyngdoh, said that the incident happened while he was returning from Kyrdem, when a group of people, who went to sing in front of his house, There was only a wife, children and children, in which these people, who had gone with the tiensih tiensang and who had shouted 'Ha ka Kot, Ha ka Kot', but when the wife and children, they I went to speak, but these people spoke against me, saying, “If you want to come, come.
They still respect foreign countries more than their own country, they still respect foreign heroes more than their own heroes and they still like to sing foreign patriotic songs more than patriotic songs. straight.
Speaking on the occasion, the president of KJFWRA, Bah Mitchell Wankhar, admitted that during the 30-day lockdown, it has been seen that the fishermen from the state who do not usually come out, have been brave enough to import fish. go to the market.
At the same time, suddenly I heard the steps of the youngsters who were still young to strengthen themselves and to exercise especially those who were fighting.
On this occasion, Pyngrope said that if the owner of the vehicle chooses any number, it becomes a fancy number. “They are fancy numbers, but there are only those approved by the Cabinet,” said Pyngrope. “Whether it is possible or not to put the name of a person on these numbers, number of times.
Shillong: The Central Government has urged electricity consumers to have the right to demand compensation from electricity distribution companies if these companies have implemented load shedding in their areas. I don't know why.
“During this heavy rainfall, some roads have been washed away and damaged, some bridges have been washed away, there have been landslides, so I have asked all engineers to take action They should be available at their offices to visit the areas where any natural disaster occurs to provide immediate assistance as well as to collect counts and provide immediate assistance to them. DC so that they can send it to the Revenue Disaster Management Department to spend the money as soon as possible,” said Prestone.
The UDP also suggested that the road from Lyntirim should be built as an entry point for garbage trucks.
The National People's Party (NPP) MLA from North Tura, Thomas Sangma, has filed his nomination papers as the candidate of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) for the upcoming elections. The State is the largest city.
Speaking on the occasion, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the MDA government is a government that works and serves the people because it has a desire that Meghalaya will develop from urban to rural areas.
Among other things, the following are just a few of the many leading activities that we have witnessed from the Leaders of the People in the past five years since they issued their statements. during the election campaign in 2018:1
There are those who say that they cannot live in Area 51, or Lincoln County, Nevada, United States.
The government said in a statement that Gokhale's allegations were baseless and untrue.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Friday said that the works related to the holding of the MDC elections next year are in progress.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: Officials of the Water Resources Department (JHADC) have met with the officials of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) on the drafting of the Water Policy.
We want you to be the right arm in the fight against drugs.
“Since I became MLA in 2018, I have been asking the Rangbah Shnongs, we have 10 Dorbars, what are their needs and I am proud of what these Rangbah Shnongs have given to all 10 villages. “It has been completed 100 percent,” he said.
Mr.Vicky Pale- BSc Agriculture first class, 8.
She said that there are about 5,000 illegal workers who have registered with the union and in Shillong there are about 20,000 domestic workers according to the survey in
The girl, from Devariya district of Uttar Pradesh, was killed by her father and mother just because she was wearing jeans while walking in the village.
He added that as the people have empowered him to take over the responsibility of leadership from this constituency and he will strive to work better to bring about that change in the constituency. Umroi Constituency with the support and empowerment of the people of Umroi Constituency as a whole.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20 : U Bah Wanseng Jyrwa, Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Mawlai Circle and Mawlai Circle, has inaugurated the football tournament organized by Umrynjah Sports. and Cultural Club on Saturday, November 18,
He said that how many can follow in the footsteps of this hero of the country Kiang Nangbah who sacrificed himself for the sake of the country and the nation.
Kishan scored 150 runs for the first time in the history of EJDCA cricket. Kishan became the top scorer of the tournament and won the Man of the Match award.
He urged the parents who attended the program to spend more time to learn and communicate with their children about their problems. For the parents, of course, to work hard so that they can be happy in life especially in this difficult time.
Before these two matches, the match between Risingstar FC and Sohiong ended in a 2-2 draw.
'Bharat' is an example of culture and I want to amend the Constitution of the country," Yadav said.
The country will also deploy ground troops and air forces to provide immediate assistance.
Similarly, orders or any reports or petitions of the Government which have been passed through the Legislative Assembly and placed in a statement signed by the Governor of the State as the supreme authority.
The song was composed and sung by Mewanbha Sawian and arranged by Amos Suting.
I don't oppose your ILP demand; but I'm sure it won't work too much.
On this occasion, a group of these children submitted a petition to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong.
Many of them are still benefiting as Schedule Tribes by giving their children to their mothers from non-Khasi fathers.
Shillong: The book “It is necessary to improve the spelling of the Khasi language” published by the Editor of SP New Agency, Bah Starfing JL Pdahkasiej, was launched by the Director of Arts and Culture on Saturday. and Wilfred Nongsiej.
The shortness is not gone.
The Snowwhite Band, Empirical Tribe and others will perform on this occasion.
These organizations have strongly condemned the order and demanded that the Government should immediately revoke the order.
The incident happened at Umsyiem village near Dawki on the evening of July 25 when there was a clash between the people and the BSF troops. sugar.
Therefore, the time has come for the children of Hynniewtrep to take to the streets in thousands of thousands to demand a Hynniewtrep State as started by the Jaintia Durbar. It is a way to free us from all the problems we have faced since the independence of Meghalaya until now.
It is learned that these people who went to the area, were drunk, and they entered the area, where they did not respect even the guards inside the area. Screening Centres, which have been detained or detained, before they enter the area.
Politics itself is a salonsar subject, in which even the drunkard has to be involved, so we should not force anyone to participate freely, even if we don't agree to spend money.
He also asked who built the colorful road in Langpih.
Police today arrested a 66-year-old man from Wahkdait village under Pynursla.
But those who understand will purify themselves and purify themselves and purify themselves (during those times of trouble).
As directed by the National Safety Council (NSC), the Company has conducted awareness programs within the workplace and disseminated information and safety in all aspects and has conducted various activities. She also directed to take into account the three necessary factors, such as Safety, Health and Environment (SHE).
Furthermore, Rev.Dr.Fr.Ioannis War spoke on the special part of “Ka Oor War” and “U Mookheng-Kheng”, which are symbols of love, unity and mutual respect.
Umroi MLA George B Lyngdoh, while taking part in the meeting, said that there are some shortcomings in the Bill.
So far, 6 houses have been destroyed by MUDA and some of them are still rebuilding their houses.
The case has been referred back to the Kashari High Court after the Supreme Court has sent the case back to the High Court.
From 3-Raliang (ST), the total number of voters is 38804, 18490 males and 20314 females.
The price of rice is T.32 per kilo and T.3200 per quintal.
His big appearance could also allow the club's Executive Co-Chairmen Avram and Joel Glazer to remain as investors in the club as a whole. not very visible in front of the club’s fans.
Shillong, November 4: Sohryngkham Secondary School, Sohryngkham will hold its Golden Jubilee Celebration on the 17th November, 2014 at 11 am at Sohryngkham Market Square.
Mawkyrwat, June 21: Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Sports, Meghalaya, was the chief guest along with the Minister of Water Affairs, Meghalaya, Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar as the chief guest. The Mawlangwir Sports Club (MSC) today opened the Spring Festival Football Tournament 2022 organized by the Mawlangwir Sports Club (MSC) at Saitsnad Stadium, Mawlangwir. District.
She also elaborated on Section 40 which talks about the power of the law to release the names and places of trade and many other illegal activities.
Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma visited the families of the victims and handed over Rs 5 lakh each and expressed his condolences to the families.
It is for this reason that Dr Mukul Sangma, who is one of the departments that has been dissolved, has collapsed and the other departments that are still in operation have collapsed.
We must also remember that our Khasi are very good at household chores, life and death and if there is a gatekeeper, it will reach the point where those who go to kill people, must get permission from the village authorities.
The family members of the deceased have requested the authorities to release the post mortem and after receiving permission they have taken the body of the girl to the village.
M.Thongni said that although Mawpud is the largest and oldest village in the South West Khasi District of Ranikor Block and is also a village bordering Bangladesh, However, the colored road has been completed only in 2019 from Umpung to Pyndengwar for about 7 km.
“If this stadium is completed, it will be a stadium on par with other stadiums in the country and the world and can host international and national tournaments as well,” he said. .
The closure of the dam will come into force from today, 15th November
The trophy was presented to the TDCA team by MCA Honorary President Naba Bhattacharjee.
Who gave permission for this and why has the special project in Nongstoiñ been moved elsewhere?
This was announced by the Rangbah Shnong of Lumkshaid, Bah DS Marbaniang and Bah K.Kharkrang, Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong.
The Central Government has recently amended the MRSSAB, 2020 to the State Government.
The Skill Hub was inaugurated on the 29th of this month at JNV PM SHRI School, Mukhla.
On the same day, the KSU Rangthong Unit also awarded special honors to four (4) retired youths of the KSU Rangthong Unit, Armstrong Shangdiar, former Finance Secretary and General. Former Secretary of KSU Rangthong Unit Iengskhem Syiemlieh, Former Education Secretary of KSU Rangthong Unit, Pynskhemborlang Shangdiar, Former President of KSU Rangthong Unit and Joster Langte who is a member.
“Members of the HNLC who came to talk peace with the Government, thank you very much for your presence and we bless and pray that whatever you do, we hope that it will be successful and that you shall not submit to the powers of the Government.
“Yes, that's the day,” he replied.
I want to know why it has taken so long to appoint the full chairman of the Commission,” said Bah Paul.
The distance also depends on the species.
Dr. Ricky Syngkon has registered his nomination papers at the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District.
“The violence and rape of women and children in our state is no longer an incident but a disease which if we don't think and be vigilant this disease will destroy the youth” Rishot Kharbani, General Secretary, KSU WKHDU, said while speaking at the meeting.
The two priests who had been consecrated.
Nongstoiñ: Ryntih SC has won the first quarter final of the Rani Motor's Knock Out Football Tournament (RMKOFT) organized by the Laitkseh Sport Club (LSC) on Tuesday. With this victory, Ryntih has qualified for the semi final of the tournament.
Furthermore, the Khasi community living in London, expressed their pleasure to take part in such a cultural programme, because they have the opportunity to showcase their culture to the world, because that the Khasi culture is very rich.
The Election Commission's decision came after Mayawati's speech on 7th June 2019 at a rally at Deoband in Saharanpur, in which she urged Muslims to support the BSP and do not vote for other parties.
However, during the election campaign in Sohiong, we witnessed such talk and intimidation against the people who are trying to deprive them of the benefits they deserve, if they don't give 10 votes to the candidate who will come. in power.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 28: While you were out happily with your friends to go to Mawphanlur Hill, West Khasi Hills District, a tragic incident happened. Kyntiewdor Wahlang, 36, of Mission Mairang, has died after drowning in a pond on Mawphanlur Hill.
“It is not so much about my wishes or the wishes of others but the party’s collection.
For more information, please visit the office of the Chnong, every evening from 6:00 Pm to 7:00 Pm.
On my part, I would like to express my gratitude to the Asha who have worked physically and spiritually during the Lockdown.
Shillong: The People's Democratic Front (PDF) will hold a meeting on Tuesday for the MP elections. “We have just held a meeting with the MDA a day or two ago, we will discuss at our meeting on Tuesday. “It's not like I'm going to be able to do that,” said Bah Ivanlum.
President NSUI WKHD. The Assam government has decided to impose a curfew from 6 pm on the 24th and will continue until the 31st October 2020, the report said.
However, this year, tragic incidents have occurred.
After the meeting with the DC, Bah Purningstar Shabong, Chairman of the JAC, in the presence of Bah Marchkupar Thabah, Secretary of the JAC and the elders of Mawtamur, They have protested against the crossing of the border by Assam, as there is a road from Assam which has been constructed since 2021 and now it has almost reached the village, which the residents of the village have protested against.
This has shocked many churches in Iewduh today.
Seven persons were injured in the house, including Johnson Lynshing, Martha Shadap, Driamizaca Shadap, Banaibor Lyngdoh, a child and Banaibor Lyngdoh. Kyrshanborlang Mynsong, and the youngest son Banraplang Khongsam.
Speaking to reporters on Sunday, AAP leader Saurabh Bharadwaj said police have already seized the DVRs (Digital Video Recorders) of the CCTV cameras.
On the other hand, the club has announced that it will now prepare for the Umngot Festival which is a boat sports festival.
Speaking to reporters, Touchline NorthEast Director Andrew Suting said that the three-day festival will feature about 60 teams. there will be four players and three to be on the field and 10 minutes per game will be played.
He said the passing away of this leader is a great loss to the party and the state.
One of the women said that she sold a land in Umsning.
“We will try to meet Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and Prime Minister Narendra Modi to discuss the release of funds to District Councils and others. FOCUS Member Secretary and CEM of North Cachar Autonomous Council Debojit Thaosen said, “We are happy with the allocation of funds by the CM but it would be very pleasant if the government allocates more funds. “The NCAC has been allocated only Rs 34 crore and it is very small compared to the allocation of KHADC and Bodoland Territorial Council which is based on population,” said Theosen.
After finding sufficient evidence, the union immediately went to the office to seek an explanation regarding this demand for money from the people and the union has warned them. MVI who provide more services to the people who come to their office.
On the other hand, KSU General Secretary Bah Auguster Jyrwa said, “Now the ball is in the hands of the government and we will leave it to its wisdom”. “I don't want to remove the charges against the Sengbhalang leaders”.
Despite many meetings and speeches, the progress of the work has not reached anywhere.
Rakkam said that the Principal Secretary in charge of the Health Department of the State Government has also held a meeting with the NTA management. They also urged the Minister of Education to take action to ensure that they can write the NEET examination in West Jaintia Hills and Ri Bhoi. district.
The Hati have the power to understand, to smell, they just come near the farmer's hidden Sanium, they raise their Luta high, they run away as if to allow the farmer to leave and run away from the Sanium. again.
The JTTA has urged the various political parties in Jaintia Hills, the Union of Waheh Shnongs in urban and rural areas to think about this issue so that the indigenous people will not be unemployed and will be able to stand up. you don't have a pateng.
On that day, the match was very lively with the support of the spectators.
Anita, who won the 2010 Commonwealth Games, testified against former WFI leader Brij Bhushan Sharan Singh who was accused of rape.
Shillong, July 16: Four civil society organizations including the AJYWO, KSU-Jaintia Hills District Unit, FKJGP Khliehriat Circle and HNYF-East Jaintia Zone have vowed to declare a strong strike today. They have taken a decision at an emergency meeting of their leaders today night on their demand for the immediate repair of the NH 44 from Mookyndur to Malidor. They have temporarily suspended their intention to announce a strike today on the grounds that they respect the invitation of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah WR Lyngdoh. tomorrow, the 17th of this month at his office.
According to the two men, about 10 Nepalis who came carrying knives and weapons attacked them while they were working on the village road leading to the village. Pynshaibor was shot in the neck and parts of the body while Welfus was shot in the neck and parts of the body. Welfus was taken by the residents of Mawdiangsnam to PHC Nonglang and then to Civil Hospital Nongstoin.
“We have been told that there are 20 buses which have been auctioned because they are no longer fit to run,” said Bah Paul.
In 1952, James Joy Mohan Nichols Roy brought together the United Khasi-Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council to develop and preserve the nation which is only a small island in the middle of the sea. the Pacific, the largest ocean in the world.
Until now, not a single MDC from other parties has joined their party.
The interview between Bah Bles and an unidentified person was broadcast in audio by the Shillong Mail.
Shillong: Twelve political parties including the Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (HANM), the East Jaintia National Council (EJNC), the Confederation of Ri-Bhoi People (CoRP), the Ri-Bhoi Students' Union (RBSU) today held a meeting to discuss the issue. ), West Khasi Students' Union (WKSU), Western Youth Federation (WYF), Synjuk ki Seng Samla Shnong (SSSS), Jaintia Students' Union (JSU), Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF), Meghalaya People's United Front (MPUF), The All Jaintia Students Union (AJSU) has met with the CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla to discuss the issue of metor.
Khliehïongriang opened the scoring in the 4th minute through Samehi Langshiang, but Nangbah Sports Association fought hard to turn the tide in the 11th minute. Kermiki Susngi scored the first goal in the 19th minute for NSA to score another goal.
We are small and ria.
It is worth mentioning that the support of the people of the state has encouraged the players of Lajong to play better until the team won by 2-1 goals. Both the teams had chances to score but Shillong Lajong took the lead through a goal from Karim Samb. Senegal) scored the first goal in the 24th minute.
In Mowkaiaw constituency, Wining Sungoh, the sitting MDC of the Congress, has been elected as the sitting MDC of the Mowkaiaw constituency.
The term is for three years.
Bah Marbaniang also warned that if colleges and universities force students to have Aadhaar Card, the group will immediately demand to stop the Aadhaar Card. kino-kino examinations are held within the state.
Police have registered a case under the NDPS Act at Khliehriat Police Station and the investigation is ongoing to arrest others involved in the smuggling.
At the meeting, the village leaders also said that there should be no difference of opinion regarding the demarcation of the border so that the aspirations and dreams of the people of the border area for decades will be fulfilled. It is impossible to get the full boundary.
Shillong, March 21: “If I lose the election because of this issue, I will not be afraid,” said the CEM. Speaking to reporters, he said that the land is not for the foreigners.
R Phawa, Secretary JHADC, in a statement issued on 7th October 2020, in a letter no. After examining the documents relating to the boundary of Thadmynri Village, it was found that Thadmynri Village falls within the boundary of Nartiang Elaka.
Rizvi, however, alleged that the issue of speaking to the authorities has been seen as an internal matter of India and alleged that in the past 10 years, he has been a donor. The Prime Minister said he had never heard of India talking to Bangladeshi refugees living in India.
Praveen Kumar Sinha was shot dead on Sunday and the driver of the vehicle was arrested.
Is it in this way that the UDP is willing to go to the people to demand their support? Look, we have forgotten what happened in July
Shillong: U RK Sacheti, Chairman of the Indian Olympic Association (IMA) on Tuesday said that if the government can start the works by July this year, it will be able to complete the requirements for the Games. welcome the National Games 2022.
Signs and slogans were carried along the National Highway to raise awareness on the dangers of eating and drinking tobacco.
He said it is the duty of the government to protect, preserve and promote the culture and heritage of the jaidbynriew.
US President Joe Biden on Tuesday warned Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu that Israel could lose support and relations with other countries. The world has been bombed by the enemy in Gaza without thinking of the civilians living there.
Speaking to media, Tynsong said, “Until now, the government has not decided to ban the movement of commercial trucks because we have to provide for our income and protect ourselves from the spread of virus in the state"
On the visit of Ministers to the state, Modi said that after the formation of the NDA Government in 2014, he had directed his Ministers to visit the North Eastern States every year. 15 days.
The program was conducted by the Ri-Bhoi Police Department in collaboration with the Health and Hygiene Cell of Ri-Bhoi College. Many of the youth have started to become addicted to alcohol which has put the society in great danger due to theft and other crimes.
On the Assam side, the issue of the district council is also whether the Assam government has any authority over the land.
The Mawkyrwat Rural Haat was constructed with the financial assistance of NABARD under the Gramya Vikash Nidhi Fund in collaboration with the Block Development Office under the MNREGA Scheme. and the National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM), and the Meghalaya State Rural Livelihood Society (MSRLS), District Mission Management Unit (DMMU), South West Khasi Hills District.
At the same time, he said he had no information regarding the proposal of Bah Pynshngain and the UDP to have a joint candidate in Ranikor.
Rolling Eggs 23.
Police officials said that 15 people were trapped and fell inside the four-storey building and survived the incident, while some of them were injured. more.
The Yatra aims to cover more than 2.55 lakh Gram Panchayats and more than 3,600 Village Authorities in urban areas by 25th July 2024, which has reached all districts of the country.
Repeat 5.
But Jesus Christ in the new covenant will fulfill what is not only a dream but a truth.
“If I'm not mistaken, even in these times of mobile phones, even young children have taken up this precious phone.
He said that he has often heard that the youth especially the Sengbhalang say beh Dkhar, although if it is in other villages in the district it can happen.
“For the division in the Congress party, we have to blame the leaders for their failed management,” Fernandez told reporters.
After the incident, the child was taken to Nongpoh Hospital, but due to the severity of her injuries, she was rushed to Shillong. die from the earth.
Lakhon is an MDC who joined the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) along with three other MDCs. The Dorbar has convened a meeting on the 9th of this month to pass a resolution to appoint Lakhon Biam as Chairman under Rule 107 of the District Council Rules.
The KSU leaders said that the KSU has already requested an appointment to meet with the CEM of JHADC and after he refused many times, yesterday, the KSU has come down to meet with the CEM of JHADC. When they arrived at the JHADC office, the CEM sent them back after 10 hours and after 10 hours of waiting, the CEM did not count on these members and leaders of the KSU. Members and leaders of the KSU have entered the meeting to discuss their demand.
The meat is sweet and juicy.
The first coming of the Son of God to this earth was foretold by prophets such as Isaiah and others such as Micah.
However, these people want to spread the allegation that Bah Samlin says that pastors forget to pray when they get jyntah bang.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Police Department on Thursday received an unidentified email threatening to plant bombs in all courts in the country including the Meghalaya High Court. I'm from Shillong.
At the meeting, he said that with the increase in the use of fossil fuels, global warming is getting worse with each passing day.
The body of Lekichen Ryngkhlem was taken to Demthring village and buried with honor today.
Another incident occurred in the middle of Shillong, when the road from Wahingdoh to Lawmali, collapsed near the Umkhrah River.
JOWAI: U Minister of State for Education, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui today visited Kiang Nangbah Government College, Jowai in the presence of Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla and MDC Jowai. DP Wahlang, Principal Secretary, State Education Department, AE Ambrose Marak, Director, Higher and Technical Education, Government of Meghalaya and R. Mawroh, Principal Consultant, National Higher Education Abhiyan. (RUSA) and the Executive Engineer of PWD in charge of the building in Jowai, in the presence of the Students Union of the College on Friday.
The campaign will illuminate those darknesses associated with this tika through meme designs.
The voter must have the confidence to elect his MLA, to understand the position of his party, according to the Constitution of India.
According to the order issued on Tuesday, Bah Kharmalki said, “To make it easier and more convenient for the shopkeepers and shopkeepers in the district, this order has been issued. shops from Monday to Friday from 8:00AM to 6:00 PM.” “On Saturday and Sunday shops will not be allowed to open. Furthermore, all the rules laid down by the Government regarding hand hygiene, social distancing ( Social distancing), Wearing of masks should be observed by all.
It is also unknown whether it will reach the point where other parties will work together and put the NPP in the Opposition.
The chief guest, Bah Mebadonnam Saiborne, son of Bah Sounder Strong Cajee, candidate of TMC Mawkyrwat Constituency, while speaking at the meeting, expressed his gratitude to the youth of Riwar area who came out. The All Meghalaya Trinamool Congress (AMTC) of Mawkyrwat Block Riwar Zone has organized a volleyball tournament to commemorate the death of one of the leaders of the country. (L) Rowell Lyngdoh, former MLA of Mawkyrwat Constituency and Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Meghalaya in the past years.
Thousands of rawon from different parts of the country attended the competition, which started at 8:30 pm, but the incident occurred at The incident occurred at around 10 pm and police received a tip at 10:30 pm.
“This incident has shown to the world since the land dispute between these two families and it has become increasingly suspicious that it is always due to the enemies.
“During the repairs to replace the bearings, vehicles will be closed for 8 hours and after that, only stingy vehicles will be allowed until the repair is completed,” he said.
In a statement, the Seng Khasi Lawbah, Rangbah K.Loniak Sawkmie, General Secretary, invites all the members of the Seng Khasi Lawbah to come and celebrate the traditional religion. The dance was held with the participation of male and female dancers in traditional costumes.
Shillong Police on Friday conducted a raid on the license plates of taxis operating without paying tax to the state government at Khyndai Lad.
Harkin said that the Congress party which supported Drola did not support the Congress party this time and 80% of the votes will go to Remington Pyngrope. “I am sure that the victory this time will go back to Bah Reming,” said Harkin.
Police have seized the drugs and the vehicle used including a mobile phone, and a case has been registered against the suspect under the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing.
In connection with this incident, the land allocated for the implementation of the Community Based Forest Management and Livelihood Improvement Project by the MBDA has been damaged.
"“I'll try from home.
The match tomorrow will be between Panaliar and Shangpung Khliehmuchut at 12 noon.
Expressing that the party has not remained silent on the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed between Meghalaya and Assam to resolve the border disputes in six border areas, Manbhalang said, “The Chief Executive Member (CEM) The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has already filed a complaint against the MoU.
The spread of plastic bags has been witnessed from the beginning and the garbage display is only after the people have turned away from this road because they have gone to accompany their candidates. succeeded.
“Their minds have reached the point where they don't understand the difference between opposition and propaganda and this has shamed the country as a whole until it has become difficult to watch or listen,” he said. Bah Kharkharang.
The funeral service will be held on 2.03.2024 at 1 pm at the Presbyterian Church Jowai.
“We are still waiting for the blueprint and as soon as we get it we will convene a meeting of the HPC and also with the Harijans to explain what the government has prepared for them,” said Prestone.
In the first leg of the tournament, Deiñchynrum SC beat Ïongkalooh SC 8-0
We don't need milk or fish, we need a law to protect the country and the nation,” said Bah Robertjune.
Through this extension, the internet shutdown has lasted for 96 hours across the state, due to the protests against the CAA by various groups in Shillong.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 11: For the first time in Ri Muliang, the residents of Rambrai Jyrngam constituency have received their own ambulance. On Tuesday, he was released at Langpih in the presence of many churches.
If all the trees planted across the state were counted for many years, they would not be counted and the state would be covered with forests.
Ethan was transferred to NeuroGen BSI in November 2018 and underwent NRRT.
The deadline for submission of applications for these scholarships is 31st November 2023 and for more information please visit the website www.scho-larships.
The raid was witnessed by the Waheh Shnong of Psiar Menita Synnah, Roimon Biam, Sambha Biam, Secretary 100 Days Bill Scheme and other elders of Psiar.
The Kuki Inpi said that there have been attempts to eradicate the Kuki from Manipur, so the Kuki should be given back to the state.
“I have spent many years as a teacher of Hindi subject in schools and to promote traditional songs and poetry.
Besides, the Sengbhalang did not listen, but in collaboration with the Sordars of these villages, they came down many times to inspect and survey the road.
Speaking to media, Bah Louis Dohtdong said that this is not a new issue on the party's opposition to the action of the Hima Mylliem on the empowerment of Garo Rangbah Shnong.
However, the people did not believe in this order and it was found that the smuggling of rnga is still going on as usual.
Man’s fall into sin is from free will.
Cuomo said up to 1 million health workers are needed to control the disease.
Madhuri Shende, Chairperson, 24 Mountain Brigade, opened the tournament with speeches to encourage all the athletes.
Bhagotia will be replaced by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District.
The two governments have agreed to set up a Border Outpost at Hahim, and we have discussed to build trust on both sides,” said Himanta.
According to the union leaders, the PWD department has suspended these workers and ordered them not to come to work and will not be paid their salaries.
They said that it is for this reason that they will invite her and the officers of the department to take part in the meeting which will be broadcast publicly so that the public can understand and get clarity. I'm from New Shillong.
He said that the absence of state police in Jorabat has caused a lot of concern to the drivers of the state and said that Assam has its police 24 hours a day.
In another development, the KSU Barato Unit has strongly warned against those who kill dohum in Wah Mynriang by throwing bombs in the river, throwing jars, spraying drugs and others which affect the dohum dopnat and health. people.
The program was attended by the Superintendent of Fisheries, Bah A Laloo, other employees of the Fisheries Department, the Chief of Fisheries of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem KM Syiemlieh, village leaders and residents of the area.
The UDP has seven MLAs in Khasi-Jaintia and has increased to nine after the joining of an independent MLA from Mawphlang, Bah SK Sunn and Samuel Sangma from Bahgmara.
He also encouraged them to play well so that they can improve in their football career from time to time.
Juki Marwet has also lodged a complaint with the Pilangkata Outpost Police Station against TuTu Majumdar and Nurul Islam for threatening her family twice.
And the angel said unto Jacob, Thy name shall be called no more Jacob, but Israel: for as a prince hast thou power with God and with men, and hast prevailed.
Speaking at both the tournaments, the Chief Guest and the Symbud Chief Guests said that the Seng urges all the departments to organize such tournaments. This is part of the encouragement to the youngsters and also to encourage them to showcase their talents and especially to exercise their brains and to avoid being distracted by these things. These are bad and dangerous to the village, the society and especially to the country and the nation as a whole.
Of the 154 candidates, 127 are from the Awami League, 20 from the Jatiya Party, three from the Jatiya Samajtantrik Dal, two from the Workers Party and two from the Jatiya Party (Manju), according to the Election Commission.
Wahsohlait beat Mawsadang 3-2 goals and Dewsaw beat Sohpian 5-4 goals in the tie breaker.
He said that he had tried to raise the issue in Parliament but he had not been able to do so even after writing twice.
Therefore, amendments should be made to the Act 1986 to include the word 'Equitable' which means that it is up to the parents to give whom, how much.
It is to be recalled that the State Government has already announced that a mini secretariat will be set up on the site of PWD North Jowai Division. He said that the place is sufficient for everything.
Lahkmen said the reason why this government has repaired more than 1,000 schools is because all the other governments have ignored this issue.
“The Trinamool Congress is a party that spreads the truth about the BJP. The BJP is anti-Christian.
Child marriage or premature marriage.
He said that the government has decided to remove those officers who have been involved in fighting against the cases in the National Green Tribunal (NGT), the Supreme Court and this has forced the officers to do so. work to lead to illegal mining.
They request the MePDCL office of Mawkyrwat Division to think for the benefit of the people.
The government has STEMS buses for school children.
On the other hand, Advocate General A. Kumar said that at present there is no need to issue any order or expenses to the plaintiffs at such a time if the demarcation proceeds.
Chiarmon Dkhar, on hearing of this, immediately went to Mookhep village and distributed food items to these poor families.
In a letter sent to the Deputy Commissioner Ripseng Marak on the 27th of this month, these unions said that every night at least 100 to 250 trucks carrying illegal coal pass from Garo Hills to Garo Hills. Assam.
St Thomas's beat PFR Team B 1-0 in the Category 10 match of Group A while PFR Soccer Camp beat PFR Team B 1-0 Mickey Kurkalang of PFR Soccer Camp beat PFR Team C 8-0 in Group B.
There was no cheating or cheap purchase from the Quotation by persons who had participated in the NIT."Noting that it used to be the practice for the Opposition to raise any allegations “It is not necessary for the Leader of the Opposition to send a letter to the Prime Minister but if he feels necessary he can ask for information on the Smart Meters and he can to search for information on your own.
Before the election of the new office bearers of the village, the expenses of the village were announced, after which the election of the Rangbah Shnong, along with other new office bearers of the village was held. After the election of the office bearers, the election of those who have been elected as the leaders of the village was held.
Shillong: As part of the strengthening of the Congress party in the state, three MLAs have decided to bring forward new leaders to build the state. Leader of the Opposition Ampareen Lyngdoh.
Lanosha laughed because she understood that Kongthei was far from her dream.
They came to the negotiating table because of the initiative of the Dorbar Shnong Ratacherra which has sent letters to them to come for peace talks. unity and peace.
He said that the government, considering the wishes of the people, is pleased to relocate the office to Wapung.
The Dorbar Shnongs have demanded to provide electricity to Mowluber Skap, Thymmei, Mowjem and Madan Nongkylla villages which fall under Block-I. darkness.
On this occasion, Bah Living, who was accompanied by Bah Kyrmen Skhem Thangkhiew, said that they had submitted a request to Bah PN Syiem CEM at that time to consider the bill. They said that the Meghalaya Registration Act 1983 has abolished many Seng Kurs, but they expressed their surprise that Bah Lamphang Blah , MDc of Mawphlang is still holding the post of Minister of the Seng Kur LangBlah and has been issued a certificate by the KHADC. Regarding this issue, Bah Living said that the Seng Kur Thangkhiew Lai Kpoh has met with him. The incumbent CEM of KHADC, Bah Ardent Miller, has decided to resolve the issue.
The Russian Defense Ministry said on the same day that Russian security forces had foiled Ukrainian attacks through unmanned aerial vehicles or drones.
So you can apply with the white of an egg to draw out too much oil on the mirror.
Therefore, all those who do not claim to believe in Jesus, including Christians and Protestants and others (if any), should pray earnestly to God the Father of the Lord Jesus Christ and Creator. Our Creator so that He may give a change of heart to mankind: that those who are religiously pure should stop being religiously pure against Christianity (which is the only Religion of God and the True Path from Earth to Heaven), that they that are unrighteous may cease from doing unrighteousness, and that they which are unrighteous may depart from their unrighteousness.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Chief Executive Member (CEM) Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem said that he will distribute the gifts to the EMs on Thursday.
New Delhi: A doctor of a private hospital has committed suicide today after his work became too heavy due to the outbreak of coronavirus in Delhi in recent months. not finished.
Adventist HSS beat Mang Hai Ryum SS 5-0, while Saw Lyngdoh HSS beat Khimusniang Press SS 4-0. In another match, St Claret SS beat Tpep Pale 5-1 Syiem Jingsuk SS won the tie breaker 3-1 in the final match of the Under-17 match. HSS vs HK Singh ME SS Padu SS vs Ialong SS Seinraij HSS vs Kiang Nangbah Govt.
In the women's category, Syamali Singh won ahead of Rinky Kumari Chauhan and Anita Das.
On the existence of such committees, the author of the article suggested that independent committees should be set up to investigate the reports of alleged payment of money. “There are no members of the Press Council of India (PCI) who are members of the Committee, because according to the information received by the author, only government officials are members of the Committee. They do whatever they want, we don't know their household chores,” said the author of the article.
On the same day, the foundation stone of the PA Sangma Shopping Complex in Babadam was also inaugurated.
However, when it comes to trade and heritage, India is still in the midst of a terrible struggle as millions of its people are in need of food, unemployment and even a bass house. , and this is one of the problems that can affect the country as a whole, especially as we see that India has many slum areas near all the states. The time of affection is not only for those who come from abroad but also for the people of the country as the world is in great distress.
Decades passed.
Bah Ardent also advocated for the implementation of the pension of journalists as well as the timely payment of newspaper advertisements and the strengthening of the work of the Information and Public Relations Department.
Thank you ShibunGod bless you.
They also gave the medicine to Yaba.
In the women's 55 kg, 60 kg and 60 kg heavyweight categories, Pynsuklang Lyngdoh from Eastern Wet Khasi Hills, Olivia Dkhar from West Jaintia Hills and Rikka Ch Marak from East Garo Hills won the title. theirs and they managed to score the victory.
These adjustments and repairs were made in accordance with the policy guidelines implemented by the federal government.
The drug dealer was identified as Maya Gwala and Pushki.
“Forty years have passed and there has been a dramatic change in the electricity sector, and therefore we need a new power policy,” he said.
Sanbor said that after they were surprised that they have not informed the village authorities, he advised them to do this with the consent of the village authorities, as the KHADC has also informed the village authorities. work with the community through community leaders.
And there is no more religious discrimination even if we have our own faith.
This exhibition is part of the activities organized by CBC, Shillong this year as part of the celebration of the 75th Anniversary of Independence.
The President said that better infrastructure is the foundation of any state.
Speaking on the occasion, Pastor R Sohkhlet, Secretary of the KJP Assembly, said that any Pastor who is involved in political activities will lose the rank of Pastor. it is according to the decision of the synod.
“We plant piskot in June and in July we can harvest it until November if there is little rainfall,” said Bah Dlingshon.
Those who join the police force are also those who have the most intelligent brains as they have to pass a written test and a personality test.
This school is one of the oldest schools in the state and the region of the country and has produced many women, who have been a blessing and benefit to the community, in the region. and the Country, to varying degrees.
“At this meeting, more than 500 people from Tarapara and about 700 people from Magurmari, all from Salmanpara LA Constituency, decided to give their full support to the TMC. ," the commander said.
The State cannot be self-sufficient or support itself, it needs the support of the Central Government.
He said that he had informed the pig farmers from Amlarem, when they came to inject his two pigs, but sadly, these pigs, who were injected, The injectors from the Swine Flu Department, Amlarem, have died after being injected and fled.
Earlier, tens of thousands of people from Garo Hills took part in the rally along with Nokma, former MDCs of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council, members of civil society groups, members of political parties. and also the Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO).
Thus the king was made like a woman.
The Secretary of Namdong Village – A U S.Thubru after seeing the cleanliness of the Dolloi of Nongjngi Elaka on his use of the land of the village, this explanation is unfounded because the Dolloi has not explained The Dolloi said that the land purchased by Romario Sungoh from Ankur Star Gympad on 30th June 2020 is a patta with an area of ​​4,548 square meters. Why doesn't the Dolloi recommend tens of acres? Why doesn't the Dolloi explain on what grounds he doesn't have to prove that this patta which has only this value but has been given back to this person? a village land area of ​​no less than 60 acres which we as a village cannot accept at all.
Speaking to media, the state BJP President Ernest Mawrie said that the meeting of the State Executive Members of the BJP party today was to discuss the issue. Ernest Mawrie said, “On the 26th of this month, the officer in-charge of West Garo Hills Police has arrested BJP office bearers. Tura police station has summoned Wilver M Dango, general secretary of the party from Tura district, without any information and questioned him for six hours.
The clubs affiliated with the SSA in East Khasi Hills can take part in the tournament.
“There is no point in giving title, because the land belongs to private individuals and if necessary, the Hima should issue a notice to avoid the ownership. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate in the Khasi newspapers to let everyone know that the place is employed by many people,” he said.
“We have directed the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to appoint more cleaners in Iewduh to look after the streets,” said Bah Hadrian.
Isabel Daaz Ayuso, president of the Community of Madrid, has expressed her desire to host the Olympic Games in 2036 after the Formula 1 Grand Prix.
And I took a staff, and fastened it to the ground.
On the other hand, PN Syiem (Congress) asked whether the ANVC's demand to empower the District Councils will apply only to the GHAADC or to all District Councils. He said that the government has taken the position that if the empowerment of District Councils is implemented, it should be for all District Councils in the state.
In Meghalaya, the Legislative Assembly has 60 members.
According to these GNLA members, the arrest was part of the fear of police harassment and the failure of the long wait to implement the ceasefire with the government.
They said that if there are many children in schools, they have to cook 20 or 30 kilos, two or three times a day or every day according to the demand of the schools.
In this meeting, the MDC of Mawhati, urged the CEM to issue a directive to all the Hima and Village Authorities to direct them that if there is any arrest of drug traffickers, the Dorbar Shnong it should provide an incentive for the police to become witnesses.
This is a great achievement for the states of the region as well as for Meghalaya.
Shillong: The Public Health Engineering Department (PHI) celebrated World Water Day on 22nd October 2022 at the State Convention Centre, Shillong.
The union strongly opposes the government to proceed with this issue and the government should stop and resolve the issues so that the rightful owners will not be affected or deprived of their rights. should be received.
“A public notice will be released soon for the filling of more than 1200 teacher posts who have completed the Meghalaya Teachers' Eligibility Test (MTET) in the state,” he said.
If we talk about the MLA scheme in urban areas, we have seen that the implementation of the development works is very poor, because the same work has been done over and over again and the lack of implementation of development works is “It's a waste of public money,” said Bah Thomas.
UDP Working President Paul Lyngdoh said that this is another incident that has seriously affected the dignity of the state police in just six months.
The Draft Publication of the Electoral Roll in Ri-Bhoi District was accompanied by Bah T.Lyngwa, MCS, ADC cum Electoral Registration Officer, R.Kharbihkhiew, ADC, ERO, Mr. WR Massar, EAC, Mr. EK Dkhar, EAC and leaders of various political parties in Ri-Bhoi.
Furthermore, what is more shocking is that their inclusion of the Reservation Policy in their manifestos is only a misleading and deceitful act to the people.
The state was sworn in by the Prime Minister and 11 Ministers at Raj Bhavan in the presence of the Minister. The Prime Minister, the Minister of Home Affairs, and other dignitaries were invited.
The festival, which has been well prepared at a cost of T.40 lakh tyngka, will also include games and entertainments which are almost extinct in our country such as shooting, there will also be exhibitions. traditional dress at this festival.
The building collapsed suddenly without any signs of the earthquake which shows the lack of work and working hard just to get glory.
During the investigation, he confessed that he was carrying illegal liquor in the vehicle, which he intended to take to Shillong.
There is no point in being afraid but we have to wait for the suffering and loss until the end of these five years and after these five years we will be the same again.
: It means that he must obey his commandments and must also have gratitude to God the Creator.
The organization has given only 10 days to this bank.
The church would like to thank the pastors including Rev.A Lyngdoh, Rev.C Thoo and Rev.DH Malang, the elders of the church as well as JR Pyrtuh MDC Bataw. Violet Lyngdoh MDC Rymbai Khliehriat and also the Daloi of Rymbai District Elious Swer.
During his tenure as Leader, he also held the post of Minister of State and oversaw various departments such as Home Affairs and others.
The fire broke out at 9 pm this morning and the village where the fire broke out is no longer in Meghalaya. but it falls within the border of Assam.
To resolve both issues, the Syiem of Jirang has introduced an amendment to the proposal of Prof.
Although there are still parties which have not yet announced their candidates, the ther from the ranks has intensified.
He said the MPCC itself has sworn to support Rahul's presidency and hopes that the party will shine under his leadership in order to raise the status and prestige of the party.
Shillong, Nailur 29: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) Jaintia Hills Unit has expressed its anger over the government's lack of attention to the investigation to find out the shooting deaths of two people. Mookhep is located in East Jaintia Hills District.
Where is the Police Department? It seems that the Assam police do not respect the government and the Meghalaya police.
This shad is held once a year before the harvest in the fields. It is also a sign of the preservation of the customs and traditions inherited from our ancestors.
At the beginning of the publication of Mawphor, no one was interested in reading it, but Bah Marwein did not hesitate and continued to publish the market every day. The offset printing press, which was abandoned by the owner of Ka Pyrta U Riewlum, in Mawprem, has been working as a plate maker, printing press and newspaper vendor in Motphran. .
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 26: The suspension of the contractors who will construct the road from 2021-22, before the KJP Synod Youth Service in 2023, has angered the The residents of the area, because the contractors who constructed the 7 kilometer road, did not complete it on time and left more than half of the road, which is about 3 kilometers.
On Thursday, another group led by Pratim Datta, who identified himself as a member of Sanatani Dharma, raised the same demand. village and to bring the Swamijis inside the school grounds to perform puja and this should be by hook or crook, she said.
At the same time, Klinsmann filed a complaint against us on unfounded allegations.
People live in fear and despair because they do not know when they will be attacked, or who will attack them.
Portugal's Cristiano Ronaldo has 172.8 million followers and earns $975,000 or Rs 6.73 crore per Instagram post.
In total, 1287 cases have been taken and 235 of them have been resolved at a cost of T.84, 47,480/- (Eighty-four lakh forty-nine thousand four hundred and fifty tyngka). this is the National People's Court.
Mizo Students from NEHU, Shillong, Pynter Orchestra from Pynter East Khasi Hills, Ms Rachna Yadap from Delhi performed Kathak Dance among other groups. and Jaintia.
Strong measures have been taken against money laundering.
If these two clubs Lajong and Rangdajied can get back into the I-League, the hope of the future of our youngsters will live here in the state and he hopes that Lajong and Ryntih will will be able to qualify for the I-League.
It is here that the saying goes, The more the pig works, the more the ksew becomes famous, and the more the cow runs, the more the plants and trees fall, who don't know anything about their struggle.
Shillong: It is a real problem for the people who come and go every day, because the color road has turned into a handkerchief, and this has put a lot of trouble and difficulty to the people.
According to the powers conferred by subrule-1 of rule 20 and the first of rule 19 of the Constitution of Assam, on the advice of the Chief The Governor of Meghalaya has appointed Bah Pius Marweiñ, a member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), as the Executive Member of the Council.
It is learned that the doctors have covered the body of the doctor, but as there is no adequate protection for the killers, who are in the area, there is doubt from the police. side of the residents.
Do your duties.7.
The group also requested the MP to fulfill the wishes of the party so that all the objectives will be implemented smoothly.
Pala said the Congress as the party in the Opposition has spoken well on the issues affecting the people of the state.
The Minister of Panchayat and Rural Development (P&RD) of Assam, Ranjeet Kumar Dass in recent days said that the government has been able to build more than 18 lakh houses under the Pradhan scheme. Mantri Awas Yojana – Gramin (PMAY-G).
In 2018, it was the BJP that lost the elections to the Congress.
Chandigarh: Sneha Lata, wife of former Haryana Chief Minister Om Prakash Chautala, has come back to life after being pronounced dead today, The Tribune reported.
Police have arrested four persons, including three men and a woman and one of them was carrying bombs.
The ICC has now ruled that Gill will have to pay 115% of his match fees as fines.
Dr Amit said that in the month of June or July next year he will come back to Dr HC Pakyntein's pharmacy so that he can assist Dr Pakyntein in the process of giving. These types of medicines as well as to have the opportunity to examine the medicines or the treatment of outpatients by Dr Pakyntein.
From the park they climbed for half an hour to each tourist spot and ended at Mattilang Park.
However, after the MP elections, if all the posts cannot be filled, the university will have to start operating in
The training was also conducted on how to provide protection in case of natural disasters such as floods, earthquakes and others.
Behold, the day cometh, and the house shall be burning with fire.
She said that as a mother, she encourages the students who have dropped out of school to continue their studies.
“We have also taken decisions including to seek clarification from the Ministry of Home Affairs on the progress of our demand and to urge the Central Government to take steps to introduce the official Bill at the next session of Parliament and in order to include the Khasi Language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
Protests and oppositions are the rights of those who do not want or oppose this go hand in hand in democracy. Villages or individuals who have given their willingness to break ground and protests have arisen and demanded on their own grounds in the right way, but in these few days the Office of the Acting Dolloi, Hima Sutnga Youth Federation, Joint VDP Sutnga Elaka and ECC Sutnga Elaka have come out to protest against the proposal to break into private land in Sutnga Elaka according to their feelings and rights. These groups have affected the feelings of many people from all over the country because of the unfounded allegations, they have spread through Facebook such as the allegations against Ma Damewanh i Rymbai Asst Waheh. Village of Moolamylliang Village for donating his coal mine to break the garbage.
About 3 kg of heroin was seized from the spot, they added.
At this meeting, it was reported that Bah Ronaldstone Syiem was the first from West Khasi Hills to broadcast in English outside West Khasi Hills District.
Officials from APEDA and Lulu Group who export Sohniamtra to the country were also present.
The failure of this university to run classes and offices shows that it does not care about the people and has forgotten that this university is located in Ri Bhoi.
“This delay always occurs when there are many contractors who are able to carry out any work and this is a problem,” he said.
Shillong: The Umniuh Tmar Elaka has sent its condolences on the passing away of Bah GS Massar, former MLA and MDC of Nongshken Constituency.
Weighing the weight of sin and righteousness is God's business, not that of fellow human beings.
In the second innings, Nagaland tried to be more aggressive and it looked like the game could continue into the fourth day, after the weather turned dark early.
At the same time, he said that there are many women who before the time of birth, they call the doctors in their villages and at the time of birth they rely on the midwives. son.
As an institute of fashion, NIFT Shillong aims to promote crafts and handicrafts in the production of clothing, fashion and handicrafts.
There is no reason to follow the path of fear.
The order issued by the District Magistrate, Gatos LSN Dykes has banned the movement of people from one state to another, but this will not apply to vehicles passing through the NH 6 to Assam/Tripura/Manipur. / Mizoram.
Sleep deprivation is also a cause of many aspects including anxiety, depression, lack of appetite and this affects the functioning of the muscles in the body especially the head.
On the part of the authorities, they believe that the Wushu competition in this tournament shows the beginning of the rise and development of the state, the main reason why they said If you look closely at the medal winning results, you will find that besides these three districts, other youths from other districts did not win the medals. They went home empty-handed because there were some men or women who had won their medals.
In summary, the Gospel is the good news and its purpose is to bring to mankind eternal life (John 10:10) and heaven here on earth.
This led me to look for evidence that they got the money.
After more than 30 years of campaigning for the implementation of this Act, we are pleased that more and more families have been able to share their sons and daughters.
Although the AICC has suspended and the MPCC has sought a reply and explanation from them, till today these four persons have not responded to the MPCC. These MLAs who have supported you have been appointed as Co-Chairman.
These include eight high risk contacts, one from Bishnupur and one from Jhalupara, two from Madanryting, five from Mawprem, one from Nongrah and one from abroad. , North Garo Hills and South Garo Hills, have one high risk contact.
He referred to the role of the State Governments and urged them to identify the 100 most backward villages and to develop the working methods to develop them and that this can be repeated. in the next 100 villages.
Out of the 18 teams from 16 states, Meghalaya has come third in the medal standings. .
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The BJP has demanded that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government should provide a detailed explanation on the grounds on which the term of office of the Khasi has been extended. KHADC and JHADC for six months.
Nangshai Nongpluh top scored with 35 runs from 22 balls and Andy Alwin Dkhar took one wicket in 2.2 overs.
Psychologists have found a surprising difference between breastfed babies and breastfed babies.
On the other hand, when asked whether there is a possibility of confirming the candidates who have been selected for the contract, the leaders said, “If that is possible, the The Seng urges that such practices should be stopped completely, but that the recruitment should be introduced in the manner in which the candidates should be selected and should be based on the examination and other requirements such as work experience.
Kenny Langbang scored the first goal for Shangpung Moosyiem SC in the 15th minute to beat Dulong SC 2-1 and Mewotki Sungoh in the 48th minute.
As many churches have witnessed, it is unacceptable to spread the word in the newspapers or others without implementing it. Covid-19 vaccine.
“He doesn't inform us Ministers where he goes, he disappears for six months or six months, sometimes when people come to meet him he doesn't have to come to me, I'm the smartest in the office in fact. “It's a job that I can do myself and there are things I have to talk to him about,” said Prestone.
Shillong: Members of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) have staged a protest against the CBI government in Shillong, alleging that the government has illegally arrested the CBI. Former Director of the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) Alok Verma.
Lyngdoh said that the people who used to support the HSPDP do not agree with the unfair behavior of Nongstoin MDC, Bah LG Nongsiej to ignore the 40 polling stations.
It is on this basis that we need to include physical activity.
This will be a great opportunity for the United States to restore peace and close relations with the country, after 50 years of war in Vietnam in which millions of Vietnamese and about More than 58,000 US people died during that time.
If the people don't understand at this time and if they continue to believe in such leaders on the 27th February 2023, they will surely lead the country and our people to hell. hell as the wise men say.
Shillong, November 16: The Chairman of Govt LP School, Jalaphet, Bah Wom Chyrmang and the Rangbah Shnong of Jalaphet Bri Sutnga, Ma Shai Shyrmang, have criticized the allegation by the Rangbah Shnong of Jalaphet, Ma Seldanial Lyngdoh. and regarding the spread of books on the school grounds and the shaking of tables and chairs, these two elders, explained that in relation to the distribution of Bibles, by Kong Delicious Bamon, Head Teacher; On the other hand, the parents of the children went to return the Bibles to the teacher and on this issue, there was a dispute between the parents and the teacher.
The NPP Leader said such promises are only to mislead the voters.
In this match, Ashish with his strong fight, managed to score a 4-1 victory against the player, after Ashish showed his skills. He has used several strong shots to defeat the opponent in the first half and has also used a special shot style and strengthening of the game. of him for winning against the player.
When asked how much he earns from these jobs, he said that some of them he works as a day labourer, some of them are the builders from the village.
People who know how to eat are seen as healthy people and it is difficult to find people who know how to take care of their health these days.
Afterwards, the parents and relatives of the new Priest were able to clothe their son with the Priestly robe.
Shillong, July 17: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma and MPCC President DD Lapang have denied the charges against Bah Julius K Dorphang. a person cannot be considered evil'.
It expresses the sorrow that has affected the sisters and the incident is not the fault of the Society, they said.
Nongtalang Mission is also one of the villages that will suffer from water shortage if the government does not ban mining.
“Marvel not at this: for the hour is coming, in the which all that are in the graves shall hear his voice, And shall come forth; John 5:2
Not only that, there is another problem and that is that those who go to hospital, these days, have to be tested for corona and have to pay a low price per day. to get the result of the test.
“We stand ready to work with the Government to strengthen health services and contribute to the betterment of health services for the people of Meghalaya,” said the MMSA. In the meantime, the MMSA has been encouraged by this initiative, vision for the benefit of all the residents, said Dr.(Mrs) Y.A.Phira, President and Dr. R.R. Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Sengkmie led by James Hitler Mawphniang, Legal Affairs Secretary, on Tuesday, 31st November 2023, visited Lumdiengjri. Police Station on the complaint.
According to the complaint, they demanded T.33 crore and forcibly signed the agreement for the year 2016-2017 and the agreement is in the hands of Bah Kedri Kharpan.
All the family members have already spoken to the nurses of the hospital, but they could not speak, but the hospital has only given them the death certificate and the certificate of the girl.
Shripaid Naik, Minister of State for Child Development, has been injured in a car accident this evening. His wife, Vijaya, died in the incident at Hosakambi village of Ankola taluk in Uttara Kannada district of Karnataka.
“Furthermore they can spend hours and hours on this mobile phone.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 29: Former MPCC General Secretary Diverland Lyngdoh on Tuesday joined the National People's Party (NPP) and its supporters at a meeting held at Mawkyrwat. NPP leaders including James K Sangma were also present.
This collection of taxes was one of the main reasons for the war against the British Government.
The Minister said he firmly believes that the four Amrit Stambhs of Amrit Kaal which are the power of women, the power of youth, the power of agriculture and the power of the poor and the needy They will lead India to new heights and transform India into a developed country.
He said that there is a lot of conflict between the MDCs where one says that his party is more paid and another says that his party is more paid but in fact it is not. He said that the UDA, which has 8 MDCs, should support the decision of the UDA, which has 8 MDCs. The PDF has been confirmed as the Chief Executive Member of the KHADC.
He said the party demands that the government should not turn this issue into a political issue, as it is for the benefit of all the people of Rambrai.
Shortly after the meeting, it was that in the first half it ended in a draw without any goals.
In fact, the MGNSA had given the government two months to implement their demands and it expired on 5th November.
She said that the poor condition of the road has caused problems especially in case of illness where the people have to reach the hospital quickly for treatment and also causes problems to the people to deliver food items to the market. that hat.
These vehicles carry biscuits. Kharmuslims are the ones who have the best vehicles. Shane Sha ri bhoi you don't know why they come to buy biscuits. They don't benefit from the biscuits. longtrai dakaba shu shongkurim If you don't know, Muslims have many kinds of medicines. They have many kinds of medicines. There are many kinds of medicines. the whole of India.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah S.Nongkhlaw, OC Police Syiem, u Bah S.Nongkhlaw, warned against such youths if they are found in the future. If you do not play chess, you will be punished severely and handed over to the authorities.
The 4th Gold Cup Football Tournament organized by the Iongkaluh Social and Cultural Sport Club started with the victory of Wahsder FC and Ummynnang FC on Saturday.
It is often the custom for the village children to go to the hills near the village.
According to the STIEH leaders, the lack of clarity in the Bill is how to do if a Khasi woman marries a Dkhar but if he runs away, she will get back a Khasi man and another is the gift. allow men to marry Dkhars in the name of Tang Jait.
“The VPP welcomes anyone to join the party if those who join the party accept the idea of ​​clean governance and also to protect the fundamental rights of the indigenous people and also by respecting the rights of the indigenous people. of all the citizens of the state”, concluded the statement.
Nongpoh, March 24 : The plan of the Raid Ïapngar to confirm the Lyngdoh and Syiem of the Raid Ïapngar on Saturday at Madan Liarkhla under the Raid Ïapngar has failed. and the problems were caused by the opposition between the Kur Lyngdohs, who had the right to elect the Lyngdoh and the Syiem of the Raid Ïapgnar.
When we learn to seek Him, it means that we do not reject Him but we also accept and believe in Him. that we need Him.“And he went out to meet Asa, and said unto him, Hear me, Asa, and all Judah and Benjamin: The LORD be with you; as long as ye are with him, and if ye seek him, ye shall find him; but if ye forsake him, he will also forsake you” (2 Chronicles 15:2). Our knowledge of seeking God will make us trust in Him without doubt and hope that He is also quick to hear or listen to our prayers.
The High Court, on 14th March 2019, has ruled that these women who appealed against the decision of the District Council, should be fined T.5,000 and should pay the fine. within two months to the office of the Khasi District Council or before 28th March
The Department of Empowerment of Persons with Disabilities (DEPwDs) scheme provides financial assistance to people with disabilities to purchase assistive devices. and is now operating in almost all districts of the country to provide these equipment to people with disabilities at a reasonable price or free of charge.
From Wahkdait upwards, the road is very bad, in parts of Mawriang, then upwards of Sohlong village, which has many snowdrifts, khohruh khohram and continues all the way to Dawki village. It was also noted that the NHIDCL has not implemented the road maintenance project, which has been allocated for T.5.80 crore, from Shillong to Dawki.
Shillong, Mawlong Market, Laitumkhrah, Polo, Jhalupara, Mawbah, Laban and other places have brightened the city of Shillong, where many different colors have been seen from the bright lights. in order to brighten up the celebration of Diwali.
The Assam Police have ordered him to stop the construction of the road.
“The Meghalaya Kurash Association wishes these athletes all the best in achieving their goal of bringing fame and glory to the state as a whole,” said the statement.
He was appointed Minister of Home Affairs and Education in
The Dorbar also decided to meet with Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, MLA, MDC, CEM, KHADC and members of the Selected Committee of KHADC to discuss the KHADC Village Administration Bill At the same time, the Dorbar of Chiefs has decided to urge all the 3367 Khasi and Pnar tribes (according to the 1981 census through the book of Bah Spiton Kharakor) to convene a Kur Dorbar or Seng Kur urgently to announce ( notify) the names of those authorized to issue the No-Objection Certificate (NOC), including the office of the Dorbar Kur or Seng Kur, and to notify the KHADC and Deputy Commissioners so that There is no error in the issuance of NOC for the people in connection with the application of Schedule Certificate (ST) from the DC's office. of Chiefs of Meghalaya have sent through their Chief Dr Balajied S Syiem, who has been elected as a member of the HLC Committee, to talk to the Chiefs. The Syiemship, Lyngdohship, Sirdarship, Dolloiship, Wahadadar, and Nokmaship shall be responsible for all the purposes of curbing the illegal entry of foreigners.
Ma Kyrmen Shylla, who is also the MLA of Khliehriat, said, “I am proud to have such a young man from this village and I wish Halen Nongtdu to play well. and to bring glory not only to the country, but to the state, the village and his family as a whole.
Shillong, November 17: Titan Eye Plus, which sells a variety of eyeglasses, every year launches a variety of eyeglasses that are different from other eyeglasses companies this year. The company has also introduced another glasses called 'Switchers', which can change up to 100 colors by switching. and 10 kinds of lyngkhot which are to be placed in the front.
BDO Ma Damuthimi Lyngdoh in his speech, said that he is happy to be able to open the tournament.
In Rambrai Jyrngam, there are three candidates including KP Pangniang from the HSPDP, Bajop Pyngrope from the Congress and World Champion Paliar from the NPP.
" The Rangbah Shnong agreed.
He said that the party has stopped closing the door after seeing Bah P Khonglah, former BDO of the office, come to take over the post, according to the order. he got the government to take over the same job.
The HYC has announced that the state government has released a grant of T.169,72,91,679 for the year 2021-2
Regarding the statement of Bah Powell Sohklet which appeared in the newspapers about the research, researchers.
“I would also like to ask these politicians where they got the money to collect such wealth,” he added.
Nonglatem won 1-0 against Chyrmang Wah.
According to Bah Hamlet, there are many other parties who have come to support him but as a leader of the people he cannot just say yes but it should be through dialogue.
You say, there will be a Bangladeshi who will go to India, when the income is much better here than in India?” “You will be surprised to know that the income we earn in India, in the world, in the purchase of medicines, in the education and this is because we have enough income.
Sharath defeated Austria's David Serdaroglu to reach the 64th round.
LG Nongsiej is the fourth Chairman of KHADC for the current five-year term starting from
Under the rule of the MDA government, the money of the people has been spent without counting,” he said. “It's not like the parties in power like the UDP and the BJP have said that they don't need to write a commission of inquiry,” he said.
Khliehriat, July 12: The East Jaintia Hills District has received a football ground covered with artificial turf at a cost of T2.5 crore. The Minister of State, MLA of 6-Khliehriat Constituency, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, inaugurated the stadium today with the donation of T 20 lakh by the Minister of State, MLA of 6-Khliehriat Constituency, Bah Kyrmen Shylla. Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS as the Chief Guest.
Many people from this state have told me about the power shortage in this state, where some people have lost electricity for up to six hours,” said Kejriwal at a meeting in Panchkula.
Mukhla Evergreen beat Demthring 2-0 in the first division football tournament of Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday.
He said that before they leave their homes to go to the hills and rivers to farm, they first ask questions and conduct searches even inside the village, before coming from their own work. They do the same every day and when they come from Jowai market to buy food and beverages and in the middle of the road, they are arrested for questioning and asking for documents which causes problems to the residents.
“For he must rule as king until God has put all enemies under his feet.
“This has put the people in trouble and they have found it very difficult to walk on this road because the nearest road has become long and time consuming and even the tourists refuse to go to The MYWO has also expressed its deep sorrow that the leaders of different constituencies who pass through this road have remained silent and have nothing to say. .
Speaking as one of the leaders of Garo Hills, the President of AYWO said, “Now is the time for us Khasi, Jaintia and Garo to stand together to fight for the rights of the people of Garo Hills. I'm not sure if I'm going to have an ILP.
The construction is in progress and the KSU on receiving information from the village authorities rushed to the area and found that the construction has started.
Bah Sanbor also mentioned the most important issue which is the mining of coal where only the central government can solve the problems faced by the coal owners.
P.Ryntathiang.
However, for four months now, NEHU has been correcting only two subjects but has not been able to release the results of the students who have been waiting for a long time.
In the final of the tournament, Sohbir Football Club played against Pynbeitlang Football Club.
They don't understand which types of plastics are safe to use and which ones are not.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 18: Following the incident of clashes in the border area of ​​Ranikor in recent days and the reports in the media that there has been a seizure of food trucks by the BSF, the BSF has arrested food trucks. The HANM and the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) of South West Khasi Hills District have visited the area to find out the truth.
The meeting of the Games Technical Conduct Committee (GTCC) for the preparation of the 5th Meghalaya Games 2024, lasted for four hours on Tuesday at the headquarters of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) in JN. Sports Complex, Polo.
He began to give examples in the Dorbar of the kurs who misspell their own jait by starting with the Sunn kur. “I will start first with my father's kur, the Sun kur; but now there are those who read Sunn and there are also those who read Sonnes," he continued.
This is usually the case in political parties, but the most important and the right answer is the information from the people of those places where they vote, and without fail in their own places they have you have your own answer.
The SP said that in the past 52 days, up to 26 Bangladeshis who have illegally entered the Indian border have been arrested in East. Jaintia Hills District and four cases have been registered and the duty has been completed according to the law.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Silas Sutnga who has been the President of Khliehriat for seven or nine years.
There are about 7 ATMs in Nongpoh, but in the past few days, there has not been a single ATM with money. it has caused great suffering to the people and especially to those who need money urgently.
Confirming this, the son of the girl said that the body of the girl was found near the Kshih River in Traw area and was first seen by the fishermen.
Meanwhile, the Rangbah Shnongs of the Seng Samla have been honored only by those who have served for more than 15 years.
Justine Sohphoh, 54, a driver of the Meghalaya Public Service Commission (MPSC), has been absent for more than two months. prayer for the welfare of the household.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Jesland Roy Nongsiej expressed his gratitude to the two youths of the area who have been named “K&K” who have a vision to do something for the people of the area. For the benefit of the players especially to encourage even those elderly who have started to lose weight to get back the opportunity to play through the construction of the Futsal Ground by the youth.
Nell Bahadur Chettri, Mayor, Gangtok Municipal Corporation, said, “Durex TBBT is a beneficial and appropriate program for the youth to understand more clearly about the factors that lead to achievement. HIV/ AIDS and alcohol abuse.
Therefore, beware, people of different states, so as not to fall into the hands of people who intend evil.
After that, when we form the MDA-2 government in 2023, there is no agreement and for that reason, we from the NPP, we have nominated our own candidate,” said Prestone.
In this election, we see that there is still hope.
Nongtdu scored the second goal after he and Kynsaibor Lhuid passed the ball through a corner.
“There have been too many misleadings by the Congress leaders to campaign for the elections, for that reason since 2008 the same way of campaigning until now with respect the Congress will never win elections in Mairang,” he said. u Bah Metropolitan.
The program was conducted by Phanuelson Khonglam President of the party.
The training was inaugurated by the District Social Welfare Officer, Kong R. Passah at a meeting held at Mynkre Village in the presence of the Waheh Shnong Bah Sunny Bareh and other village elders.
Although the Election Commission has not yet announced the date of the election for the Sohiong constituency, the UDP leaders have proceeded to carry out the work of nominating the candidate for the Sohiong constituency. Horju Donkupar Lyngdoh (Bam Kwai at the Door of God).
The death toll has risen to 1,80,530 and the number of injections has risen to 12,71,29,1
"Does the syiemlieh family and the syiemiong still have a relationship?"
They also demanded the arrest of those involved in the smuggling of cattle.
“He also informed that such a feeling was also expressed at a meeting of all the religious leaders with the Minister held at Circuit House, Tura.
After Momin's speech, a speech was delivered by Dr. Mukul Sangma, who explained that the government had no information regarding the map drawn in
Shillong, July 15: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, today sent the name of the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Latiplang Kharkongor. Chairman of the Independent MDC Group who was recently elected to the 8-member Independent MDC Group.
It is expected that it will last until midday, if the traffic jam does not increase.
In the morning he sat down to read the Lost and Found newspaper.
When it comes to the handover of the Ministry of Home Affairs to Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, it is considered very important, especially in these days, when there is a lot of violence in the constituency of Ma Lahkmen Rymbui. The Rangbah and therefore the Prime Minister, perhaps he wants to allow the Minister, to stop these thefts, looting by the Bangladeshis, against this MLA of Amlarem; However, at the same time, we remember that the UDP, has always spoken out against the coal mining, and even the President of the party, who is the Speaker of the House, has said that the party demands The NPP has demanded the removal of the Ministry of Defense from James K Sangma, who is the Minister of Defense of the NPP. This is the job of smuggling coal.
These markets will be open on Mondays, Tuesdays and Thursdays from 10 am to 5 pm.
There are about 2.50 million migrants in the eastern states of India and of these about 2 million live in Assam. Highlands and Karimganj.
Mawryngkneng Police on Tuesday night seized more than 100 liters of kyad pyrsi and arrested three persons involved in smuggling kyiad.
The price of petrol and diesel has risen sharply in India in recent days, from T.8 to T.10 per liter in the past few days. starting from 7th July 2020, after the diesel and petrol market, fell sharply during the 82 days of lockdown in India.
This man became a “godly teacher, who knew how to explain to the children, who knew how to be punctual and who understood the children.
On the other hand, the Minister, Bah Comingone Ymbon, said that the raids have been conducted in Jewduh, Laitumkhrah, Rynjah and other places.
Police have found that the suspect used an air pistol to commit the robbery and the owners of the house have lodged a complaint at Umiam Police Station for action. the investigation is ongoing.
However, since the implementation of these schemes, it has been found that there is no understanding or cooperation between these various groups.
Although this change has brought a lot of development and improvement in the socio-economic sector.
Remember that once you have made a mistake, you have done it.
I had held a public meeting earlier in Nongkrem to explain the laws related to MUDA, the Rangbah Shnong Act in Nongkrem, and after the meeting, the people said to me, 'You should not 'I'm sorry,' said Bah Shylla.
And all these two things should go hand in hand in these days while this disease is not over or dead, because preventive treatment without protection cannot be complete in bringing happiness to them. Our children who are still in school and therefore, schooling should come later when everything is calm (to bring people to the streets and alleys).
Let us all surprise the people from the shock and stir up the sohbyrthit that covers the mind to make us as a nation unite, raise your hands to join together with one strategy and one strength.
The meeting was attended by Muster Roll employees in various government departments, Mid Day Meal makers, Mysteries and all day laborers in East and West Jaintia Hills District.
The speakers who spoke on the occasion stressed that when driving vehicles whether commercial or private vehicles, they should respect each other by showing calmness, thoughtfulness and reduce your speed because doing so will save you from many accidents.
The raid was conducted after receiving complaints from time to time regarding the smuggling of drugs and many people who used to set up drug dens in these areas of Upper Mawprem.
The reason for this is that the Seng has found the permission of the Kñi, the Rangbah Kur or the household of the Khasi man only for the purpose of getting tangjait for his family members without I don't know if it's good or bad.
However, since the foreigners did not pronounce Mawlong Lynnong, the name Mawlynnong came instead of Mawlong Nong.
Now let's talk a little bit about how people started drinking it and what happened afterwards.
The Dolloi of Sutnga District, Erudith Sutnga, passed away on the 8th of this month at NEIGRIHMS after a long illness.
The KSU has informed that the management of NEEPCO has denied that there has been a relocation of the office from Shillong to Guwahati in July 2022 but it has been found that the office of the Executive Director (Operations and Maintenance), The office of the Executive Director (Contract and Procurement) has been relocated to Guwahati along with the Information & Technology (IT) and Finance departments.
“I am also pleased to inform that both the Co Chairman who are MLAs have the same goal and spirit to work and bring about changes in the working methods of the State Planning Board because they do not want to get only seats and others. “It's not useful to get personal benefits from the government but the important thing is the work,” said Bah Metbah.
The Assam government has ordered the Nagaland police to leave the area before 12th November 2020, but when the Nagaland police did not leave, the Assam police also ordered them to leave the area. They also set up their camp in the same area to prevent the ownership of Nagaland.
On the day of the cleanliness drive, all the shops in Nongpoh Proper were closed and all the residents of Nongpoh Proper town participated in the cleanliness drive. Nongpoh is the whole.
“If we elect leaders in the wrong way, it will produce leaders with 10 times worse than that, and the rule of law is clean and it is the people who have been defiled. and we will take responsibility to ensure the restoration of clean governance, so we have decided to launch the 'Rai Ehdaw Campaign'
And today I will go a little farther, to see if I can come to my master.
It is not difficult to walk.
The winners also received trophies and awards in their respective categories.
Even today, the main jobs in various fields have been filled by the Dkhars, especially the Bengalis and Assamese who have settled in Shillong from generation to generation.
Regarding Sangma's belief that the TMC should fulfill its duty from home; The TMC has questioned whether the NPP, as a national party, has been hiding the expenditure from the people and the Election Commission for more than 4.5 years. the right of democracy.
“Hep went inside and said, 'Father, I'll pay as much as I can, it doesn't matter to me.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 8: The SSA teachers are now ready to protest against the government.
Dr. Evalyneda spoke on the theme of the day and also expressed the measures implemented for the eradication of TB. prevention, she urged people to take precautionary measures if they get the disease.
"The market is full of pariah," said Riia.
Air India will operate a flight with 46 passengers.
Lurshai L Marshillong scored two goals for Christ Church (Morning) while Fredy Sun scored one goal for Christ Church (Day).
The district administration has tried many times to get the owners of the land, but the district administration has come to stop the road cutting.
A day after the KSU sent a letter to the Director of Schools and Education Literacy, the DSEO, East Jaintia Hills issued a notice on the 18th of March.
“She said she wants to come forward to strongly condemn such slanderous remarks, as a leader and as a woman she does not want to allow those who take advantage to degrade women and their dignity.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that 7891 out of 10,287 youths from the state who have migrated to other states have received 3000 tyngka under the CM's Special Grant scheme. help them.
He said that in fact the meeting between the ENCC and the JMB should have been held on 7th July, but the JMB has gone to dispose of garbage since 5th July and without waiting for the decision of the people of the four. The villages under the banner of the ENCC including Nongkhroh, Larnai, Sohphoh, Thadmusem and Kdohkule and the civil society groups working with the committee.
However, the problem now is in dealing with residents, as well as groups that do not want to cooperate on the project.
Noting that the proposal has been canceled due to opposition, the Minister said that the applications of the four license applicants have been canceled and no provisional licenses have been issued.
The Commission of Railway Safety (CRS), after recognizing the problems caused by the signaling, has been the most concerned after the tragic incident that happened recently at Balasorekaba. Odisha has come forward to advise the Railway Board on its report on the incident.
This song was composed by Caldyson Khongjee.
At the meeting which was attended by hundreds of Chief Executive Members at the Community Hall in Jaiaw Shyiap, Lumpyllon, the PDF decided to work with the ARPA to fight against the She said that the leaders of the PDF and ARPA will soon meet with all 30 leaders and discuss their views and then convene a Dorbar Bah of all the Hima and Elaka.
According to him, the Harijan Panchayat Committee has agreed to relocate from Metor and Mawlong Market areas on certain conditions.
The MLA of Jowai has taken seriously the plight of the farmers in Thadlaskein Block and a few days ago at a meeting at the DC Office Jowai he also announced that he will provide assistance from the MLA scheme of 5000 tyngka each. household for 800 households.
According to the family members of the youth, he has been missing since the evening of the 11th of this month, but has not returned home yet. domestic.
The games performed by the children of this school today have a great lesson in the society,” she said.
Meghalaya Police have released the kidnapped truck driver Bittu Patel on 1st July after a shootout with the robbers in Chokpot area in which three persons were arrested.
“To those who oppose the film, I request them to watch it first and there is no part of the film that should be opposed,” said Baba Ram Rahim. this is your movie.
Starting from the health sector, which is a very difficult subject, in Meghalaya we cannot say that there are government hospitals like Shillong Civil Hospital, Ganesh Das Hospital, NEIGRIHMS, Tura Civil Hospital and Jowai. Civil Hospital.
What is needed in the election is to elect a qualified person/person not from the party because the one who serves the people is the person not the party and without the person there is no party.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) on Friday said that his party has set a priority to protect the indigenous people of the state.
The House refused to vote by voice vote or by the majority of the ruling party in the Assembly, as this is a Private Member's Bill introduced by a member of the Legislative Assembly.
In the first and second chapters, Ecclesiastes asks, what is life? what is its value and purpose? According to the opening words of the CL-Version, Ecclesiastes states that man's life is short, full of injustice and misery to the point of writing these words: “It is vanity, all is vanity".
When asked, he said that in order to get drugs, he used to ask for money from home, and later he sold drugs to support himself.
During the question and answer session, it was revealed that the JHADC still owes the state government more than Rs 60 crore in royalty share including Rs.43, 58, 88.753 for major minerals and Rs. .12, 10, 07, 233 minor ore.
According to reports, the British police have arrested a python which managed to walk and rob pedestrians on Harwood Street and also the residents of West Bromwich who found and saw the mountain.
This was taken at a meeting of the State Board for Wildlife under the chairmanship of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
His demand came after the loss of seven lives including four Khasi elders who were shot dead by Assam police in Mukroh.
The district authorities have searched for these returnees from Kumbh, but have found that out of the 83 persons, 22 have disappeared and out of the 61 persons, 60 have tested positive.
The Israelites acted according to their own will, walking in their own religious conscience and rejecting their Messiah.
Gupta said the Ministry of Coal has agreed to repeal the Act, which relates to the introduction of coal under its laws in Meghalaya.
I don't know why, but I'm sure you'll like it.
However, the sad thing is that even after they have stayed at home and become day labourers, the government has not allowed them to live happily by working hard.
Wild vegetables that build the body or medicinal herbs and other plants cannot grow in the mountains except for one or two such as Lantana khasiana/camara and wild mushrooms.
Milind Soman and Ankita Konwar were born on 22nd June in Alibaug.
Agatha K Sangma of the NPP, Mukul Sangma of the Congress and Rikman Momin of the BJP are contesting from Tura. The operation team has raided three villages of Nongmessei, Nongjri and Mawdonlang and found dozens of foreigners without documents.
He said that according to his view, the site has been prepared and it is a suitable site.
Keng could not meet her parents face to face as they had gone outside the village to get medicine.
Shillong: The Election Commission of India (ECI) today announced that the Lok Sabha elections will be held in nine phases.
Primel Bamon was rushed to Norman Tunnel Hospital and pronounced dead.
On this occasion, the KSU Mukroh Unit has strongly condemned the action of the Assam police, which has alleged that they have illegally arrested these men.
The Congress party has also strongly criticized the CM for the unrest in Manipur, saying that the violence in the state has continued, but for the government of Narendra Modi. Modi said that the situation in the state has improved.
To end this problem by the end of 2019, the Government of Meghalaya has implemented the Jal Jeevan Mission to address the problems faced by the residents.
On the other hand, the Union has demanded that the government should immediately appoint a full time BDO who can do the job fully and accurately to provide convenience to the people who come to the government office.
Speaking to reporters, after inspecting, Bah Passon Khongtani, said that the road has been cut off since July 2022, during the heavy rainfall. The villagers have informed the officers and urged them to repair the road, but until now they have not seen any signs and left it as it is which has caused the people to suffer.
They warned that if the Word of God had no place in the hearts of Christians, their empty hearts would be filled with other teachings that were displeasing to God.
U Bah Amazing Kurbah said that he doesn't care if the people comment on his dancing and singing in these days because he is not an MLA or MDC, but he is only a preacher to educate the people during the elections. .
The musical instruments that he learns include playing leaves, playing bisli, playing ksing, playing drums, playing guitar, keyboard and many other musical instruments. He started playing music at the age of 8 years, by trying to play the leaves taught by his father and gradually he started playing. and play other kinds of music.
It is because of the government's silence that the Student's Union has launched a strike.
This comprehensive document presents a variety of international topics of interest to member states, which include strengthening international relations, countering terrorism, monitoring international threats that related to health, among others.
The Chief Justice also praised the government for the measures it has taken. “We announce the work of the government when we demand jobs and most of the time we witness that the “If you demand a job, we praise and when you demand to criticize, we criticize and please convey this message to the government that we announce the government's decision,” said the Chief Justice. .
Dr Ampareen said that the Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) has shown that the dam will be affected by the construction of the dam. The Government should look into the construction of the Umngot Power Electric Project.
The robbers stabbed Bah Chiang in the right hand, head and neck, while Bah Rahul Pohtam escaped with a knife from the hands of the robbers. .
However, when I see the state of this state, it makes me think and ask why this is happening? Well, I got the opportunity to ask the reason and the status of this state of Arunachal Pradesh from my fellow Arunachals whom I met on my journey.
In these days, we have seen the forced return of Meghalaya students studying in Manipur due to the fierce clashes between the two groups.
It is learned that the family has sought a bedroom from two dozen hospitals, but no one has provided it. syndon sha to the right of the prime minister.
The two deceased were from East Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi districts.
In a meeting with some of the owners in Sutnga, they expressed their problem and said that the poor come to ask for wages from them every day.
The NPP is ready to support any candidate even if they are strong,” said Marcuise N Marak.
Why do you know about the Pune Pack
JOWAI: The residents and Dorbar Shnongs of Sohmynting Village on 5th July 2019 have expressed their strong opposition to the recognition of Bravester Phawa as Acting by the JHADC. According to the announcement issued on 1st July 2019 by the Administrative Officer of JHADC Jowai.
“This allegation is because they have intimidated us because the people support us and on their part they are trying to find reasons to mislead the people,” he said.
“We are surprised to see that even though the government has promised to start the construction of the Entry Point, although it is only a small part, it has been 10 months since that promise and until now no sign has been seen. The government has started the construction of the Entry Point,” said Bah Bipul Thangkhiew.
