Therefore, he encourages and motivates them not to complain about the shortcomings but to go ahead and take advantage of the opportunities provided by the government through the schemes and other assistance allocated for the purpose of achieving a full life to live together with other human beings and to achieve the goal of working together to bring about further change.
The author of the novel, Bah KK Kharlukhi, while speaking at the launch, explained a little about the novel.
Speaking to the people, the VPP MP candidate Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon said that as he has been saying since the beginning of the day, the decision to enter the state is because of the “You look at unemployment, health or education and in almost all aspects we hold the lowest positions in the country and if we look for Therefore, to achieve this, you need to give your party confidence because not only do you have a goal but you also have a vision. part of the next thirty and forty years of the state because a country that does not have a vision is a country that will disappear".
The CEC said there are 96.8 crore voters in India of whom 49.7 crore are males and 47.1 crore are females.
Rona asked when the personal interview will be held. The answer was that the results of the Top Ten will be announced first. you will be called for an interview.
In Laitumkhrah, the reason for the traffic jam is because it is the center of the education system of Shillong and Meghalaya, where all the people from the city and Khapsor villages have to go to school. the school is located in Laitumkhrah.
There were also questions and concerns about the mining of uranium.
It is learned that during the attack, the militants did not dare to fight against the troops and no one fired a single shot.
Vision : vision is the ability to know and foresee something that will happen in the future.
She beat Lauren Davis 6-2, 6-7(8), 6-3 on Tuesday in London.
At the same time, the union urges the government to direct the CPWD department to take immediate action to repair the bridge according to the letter sent by the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS. It is to be recalled that the bridge at the border village of Lahaleiñ on the 6th of this month collapsed and was swept away by the floods. Vehicles coming from the market carrying people and goods have stopped in this area and cannot pass across. Instead of jamming sha shiliang, the people who were coming and going including the elderly, women and children in the midst of the heavy rain and in the midst of the danger, just parked and walked slowly on foot from these trees. From one side to the other, with great fear, they walked only to escape to the other side to reach the village.
The leaves, on the other hand, change color from blue to brown, as happens on our Earth, according to the seasons.
“The government should take action against this, should not allow such teachers, the government should come suddenly to inspect government schools to find out all the facts,” he said.
On this Sunday, 8th October, a new church and a new school were inaugurated.
CHAPTER – 5The mother of the child grew stronger as the days went by and became stronger in her mind because she had lost the fellowship of the elders.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, today issued the rules and regulations applicable to the land within the city of Shillong including the land within the boundary of the Municipal. The areas under the Cantonment, Mawlai C&RD Block, Mawpat C&RD Block, Mylliem C&RD Block from Umshyrpi Bridge to 7th Mile, Upper Shillong, Madanrting, Mawblei, Laitkor, Nongkseh, Lawsohtun, The stone, the tree and the tree.
The next match will be on the 14th of November between Nangkiew Irat SC which has 16 points against Malki SC which is in ninth position with 7 points.
He said that the basa is like a son who improves the country and the ryngkew is the soldier of the gods, of the nation. When we go and come to the country, we walk around night and day in the responsibility of each and every one of us to take care of ourselves.
The State Government has sent 12 SDRF personnel to South West Garo Hills District to assist the flood victims.
She said that she has already had many discussions with parents, schools, Rangbah Shnongs and government departments have been involved in the implementation of this project.
The ticket for the incumbent MP Bah Vincent H Pala may be longer after the nomination of the MLA of Mylliem as some of the leaders want Bah Ronnie.
The 15th of July is the birthday of this Syiem and it is also the birthday of the anti-national struggle which coincides with the Independence Day of India.
Rather, it is a call to hope and renewed energy.
Banteidor added that his victory is the victory of all and they will work hard to develop the constituency more than they have done in the last five years.
However, only 36.27 lakh out of 40 lakh have filed complaints and the question is where have 3.73 lakh gone?
Similarly, God took away the kingship from Saul, Israel's first king.
Nongpoh: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, has sent a petition to the government to urge the government to open an OPD inside the hospital and to install others. The new employees of the PHC, as those nurses who are still under quarantine, after some of the employees of the PHC, who tested positive for COVID-1
Dr Tiwari said India's G-20 presidency is a unique opportunity for the country, as India has many lessons to share with the world in terms of living close to of nature.
“We are also experiencing a power outage and that is why we cannot draw water from the Ganol River.
About the middle of these three and a half years, the Beast will stop this sacrifice of the Jews (Israel).
It cannot be said that this is also an era when those who have less money are no longer willing to come out as they did a few decades ago when the people came out to contribute for the candidate.
KSU Barato Unit in the presence of Waheh Shnong, MDC Ma Aibor Shadap, Samla Hamar Muskut President KSU Nartiang Circle, Samla Chanbor War GS KSU Nartiang Circle, Samla Wallam Nongsiej President KSU Delhi Unit, Samla Rueben Najiar Incharge Jaintia Hills and others, donated food items to all those with disabilities.
On 15.9.2021 at the Dorbar Hall Mawlai Phudmawri, the three parties came out of the Dorbar Hall against the decision to appoint the Sur kipait of the Bri U Hynniewtrep. The people of Mawlai themselves have heard those words synlen lyndum and these tai.
In this regard, Bah Edmund said that the union will lodge a complaint with the Government authorities to take action to repair this signboard which has been damaged by the forces of nature.
The team as a whole is grateful to Chettri who has been able to improve the team's innings by tied 190 runs from 368 balls.
It’s a political party anthem.
Khliehriat, March 20: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Wapung Unit has announced that it will award the 3rd Woh Tep Kyndait Academic Award to the best students. The award is for four villages including Mookhep, Wapungskur, Wapung Shnong, Tuber Kmai Shnong and Tuber Sohshrieh.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: The foundation stone of the Alternative Disputes Resolution Center (ADR) of the MSLSA was laid by Justice Uma Nath Singh, Patron-in-Chief of the MSLSA at Maw. Shillong today at Mawdiangdiang.
The exhibition, organized in collaboration with the Pro Bono Associates Club, Dept.
The soldiers handed over the cow to the police and lodged a complaint.
Shillong: There have been 87 new cases of coronavirus in the state today, including one from East Jaintia Hills.
Speech was delivered by Chwadaka Laloo, Guide Captain MBS&G, West Jaintia Hills.
Before the State Government can reach Sahsniang, the State Government should also send back the Assam Police Station at Mukoilum (now known as Mukoiram) which has been established for a long time.
The hospital said that the woman gave birth twice, one son and then two daughters, at 4.50 and 4:59 pm on Thursday. My mother, Thelma Chiaka, is very strong.
Meghalaya coach Iaikyntiew Nongkynrih has praised the hard work of the Meghalaya girls.
Speaking about the death of Bah Hoping, to defend the border; Denis, or Koh De, said that the border villages, which are mostly inhabited by Maram or Mawiang, are in Mawsikar, Langpih and Kyrdum and these are inhabited by Khasi.
If the trial involves the involvement or involvement of these State Officers, many of them will inevitably reach the end of the case.
The office bearers of the newly formed Seng Biria are President Romeo Phira Rani, Vice President Paul B Synrem, Secretary Philip Marwein, Assttn.
On the other hand, FKJGP leaders Nangkiew Sohktung and Johny Sohktung said that the area is still clean and beautiful from the beauty of the environment, but this is the action of the people who take advantage to burn the garbage. The road has destroyed the appearance of the area and disturbed the traffic.
Speaking on the occasion, James K Sangma paid tribute to the two Italian missionaries, Rev. Anthony Bucceri and Batista Busolin, who have gone to work for Lum Garo.
Deepak Boxer, who led the gang, confirmed on Facebook that he killed a builder and other builders in Delhi and said the killing was not for money but for extortion. .
They prosecute the law.
It is learned that at that time, Bah Bring had left political leaders in Tura from Shillong so that the perpetrators would not be able to talk or meet with the Sengbhalang leaders to give advice or do anything. claim.
God brought the remnant of Israel from all over the world.
I rely on the support of all the youth of Meghalaya and I will do my best on my part to achieve your goals.
Shillong, Naitung, 02: The Congress Leader in Meghalaya, Vincent H Pala on Thursday said that the Congress will nominate candidates who have no criminal record and are free from corruption in the 2023 MLA election. .
The house affected by the fire belongs to Worly Pohïing.
Due to the sudden increase in the number of cases of COVID-19, two members of the Tymmen U San Group together with the Chairman of the Lum Sohpetbneng Group of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Mawkhar, Shillong , went up to the holy Lumsohpetbneng on the 12th, June, 2021, on the day of Ïew Lyngka, to hold a thanksgiving, prayer to God, together with the village, the judgment that He will rise, He will, He will keep us together. all of this disease is spreading and that this disease will disappear and disappear into the rngai.
She therefore urges the Principals of Schools and Colleges to inform the students and parents in advance so that they can prepare for this.
The walls are designed in such a way that bacteria or viruses cannot penetrate.
The IS militant group has also claimed responsibility for the attack.
Another person sustained minor injuries and all three persons in the vehicle were injured.
“However, Home Minister Amit Shah has sent a message to Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma to summon the Cabinet and the political parties to Delhi,” he said.
On the incident in Jatalong where four Khasi were arrested by the Assam police, Conrad said that according to the report from the DC Nongpoh, there was a collapse of the foundation stone at Jatalong for the construction of Karbi Anglong. The Autonomous Council has filed a complaint against it.
Fish consumption in Meghalaya is only 50% (50 per cent) of the annual requirement of 30,000 metric tonnes of fish (source from the State Aquaculture Mission).
It was that very night that Banisha called her friend to ask if they had arranged anything for them.
The program began with a short program at the RC Hall where a short program was conducted by Ma Fredrick Synnah, Chairman of the Parish Pastoral Council of Jowai Parish.
For when there is something evil in the heart of a man, it stirs them up when the Holy Spirit prompts them.
In this regard, the State President congratulated the new committee for being able to carry out many tasks with the cooperation and understanding of many people. section.
He said that the allocation of two doctors working at NEIGRHIMS is a loss to the state and urged the management of NEIG RHIMS to demand special allocation for the children of the doctors. working at this medical school.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, has announced that commercial vehicles will operate from 23rd to 28th July 2021 from 5 pm to 6 pm daily in Shillong. neighboring village of the city.
On Tuesday, Abhishek Pal won his first bronze medal in the men's 10,000m.
Sir, according to the letter I have received, I request you to allow me to drive JCBs on the road only before dawn and after sunset to avoid the accident. traffic jam and the happiness of the people (The last one means to make the people happy, maybe you are wrong).
“We will set up a committee to invite professors and experts to develop a proper system so that the Governor will not be rejected.
The All India Public Sector Sports Control Board (APSC) has organized the tournament in which 12 chess teams from various government departments have come to take part in the tournament.
To remember the past I am too tired but I believe that the present will cleanse.
“People in need can call 8131936889 for a vehicle if they need to go to hospitals and only three people should be in one taxi,” said Wandonbok Jyrwa.
He said that if such incidents happen, it would be better to seek independence from India, as the rights and privacy of the people of the North East have been violated. Dalseng Beer Ch.
Having disarmed powers and authorities have been abolished.
These three guns belonged to the Mawkynroh Outpost Police Station which were seized by unidentified persons during the protest on 15th July and allegedly broken in the area.
He said Pakistan is a country that wants peace but cannot accept the attack. “India should stop thinking negatively about Pakistan,” he said.
Islamic State militants have attacked military checkpoints in eastern Sinai, killing 38 soldiers.
Shillong, July 5: The KSU Upper Shillong Circle and the KSU Lawsohtun Unit have strongly opposed the MUDA's attempt to implement the Meghalaya Building Bye Laws, 2015 outside the Municipal boundary.
The maximum temperature in Umiam was 17.6 degrees Celsius and the minimum temperature was 3.4 degrees Celsius.
With this victory, Mooknor Thadmuthlong will face Chutwakhu in the final on the 2nd of March.
They also demanded that the government should implement the Consumer Protection Act or the rights of electricity consumers, as at present the MECL office is using the law well. electricity consumers cannot pay the bill for two or three months, they have been cut off.
He also visited the beneficiaries of the Swachh Bharat Mission in Umpling, Shillong.
The Ephphatha Society under the leadership of its President Rev.ES Sapuh has distributed food items including Khaw, U Phan, Dai and masks were distributed to 15 households in Tuberkmaishnong village, East Jaintia Hills District on Thursday.
Elnathan Wahlang scored two more goals (64 & 75) to score a hat-trick and lead Mawtawar to victory.
The total number of cases has now reached
Bah Lamphrang Blah also expressed his special thanks to his supporters who have encouraged him from time to time until today.
The song was recorded by Wonder's Music Studio and composed by Mewan E Nongsteng.
She has never hesitated to talk to the Prime Minister, and has made many Indians, especially West Bengal, turn their attention to this constituency.
His house was attacked and stoned and he learned about the incident when he returned home.
“We have agreed that there will be a cooperation between the Council and the state government,” said the CEM. He said that the DCA has returned the Bills because it needs to correct the shortcomings and deficiencies.
We have seen in the past years how the GNLA militants have entered Shallang and other places to set up their camps or to make shelters in the forests.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: Meghalaya Police on Tuesday arrested the General Secretary of the National League for Democracy (NLD) Dalbin N Marak.
In the first half, both the teams worked hard to win and no one could score a goal. In the second half, both the teams played hard. Ri Bhoi United won the title by beating Umden Sports Association 6-5 goals in the first leg of the tournament.
According to the letter, the MLA said that Jowai has not received any development projects for many years.
Meanwhile, a businessman cum politician from Nartiang said that those who lost were his son and brother-in-law.
Speaking to reporters, Vice Chairman of the HNLC, Bah Manbhalang Jyrwa, in the presence of Ksiang Sadon K Blah and others, congratulated the people of Hynniewtrep and explained the reasons for the The HNLC has been fighting since ancient times for the strengthening of the patriotism of Hynniewtrep.
Shillong: SBI RSETI Ribhoi, one of the leading self-employment training centres, took part in the celebration of International Women's Day 2024 on 8th March 2024, with the participation of staff and successful entrepreneurs. .
It is to be recalled that the areas to implement the first provision of the MRSSA Act include Malidor, Byrnihat, Athiabari, Medhipara Junction, Abhirampara, Chibinang, Bhoglurbita, Ghat, Rajabala, Singimari Tri-Junction, Tangaon, Baljek Airport, Mirjumla, Jhunjuni, Dainadubi, Manikganj, Nalbari Railway Station, Mendipathar Railway Station, Mendipathar Bazar and Khaldang & Bajengdoba.
In East Khasi Hills, 34 cases including 3 cases from Armed Forces and 31 cases from civilians, 71 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 8 cases in West Garo Hills, 7 cases in West Khasi Hills. There are 5 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 2 cases in East Garo Hills, 1 case in East Jaintia Hills and 1 case in South West Khasi Hills.
The woman said she has seven children and Nathaniel is the youngest.
In the match, after winning the toss, MHRD, New Delhi decided to bat first and allowed NEHU to bat first.
All the villages need to be informed about the spending of public money.
However, from Nongspung, the vehicle stopped, which caused the two men inside the vehicle to talk to the rawon to release them but they were refused.
Also present on the occasion were the MLA of the area who is the Minister in the Government, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, MLA of Mawkynrew, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh as the Chief Guest and B Kostimai Jyrwa as the Symbud Chief Guest.
He also served as Chairman of the Autonomous District Council of Ukhrul District from 1975 to
Thank you for your understanding," the post continued.
They also said that the Daju job in Iewduh is a job that their brothers and sisters turn to if they lose their jobs somewhere else. They have to bring daju to the market to feed their children. In these days, the coal miners have flocked to the market. Jyrwa said that there are many students who come from poor families who come to carry two things just to get support for books, food or other necessities. He said that some of them came in the morning and some in the evening. “Do you have to register, do you have to wear uniforms? us? “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said the Assistant Secretary.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has strongly opposed the recent order of the state government to summon Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), to appear before him for trial. The summons comes at a time when talks are ongoing between the government and the leaders of the party.
The Partner Launch Training will assist the staff not only to teach but also to conduct a training session that will impact and encourage the participants.
Bah Robertjune said, “As we have seen the leaders of the jaitybynriew, who have spoken clearly in many places, they have been misleading and the people have been misleading and this is a sign of the Therefore, we cannot achieve many of the issues in the state and now we urge the jaitbynriew to take action and we will decide with responsibility and not with wealth and others. .
Ladthadlaboh have earned 6 points from three games while Mynthong have 7 points from four games.
Regarding the number of poor households in West Khasi Hills, there are tens of thousands of households and among these tens of thousands of households there are also women whose fathers have abandoned their children because of the There are also households whose father has died, there are also households of widows who have only two children and such households are really poor. and very painful.
US research has suggested that those mothers who are overweight and have Type 2 diabetes have a higher risk of having a baby with mental or emotional problems and other conditions anna in the members of the body.
Following this finding, the KHNAM Youth Wing has met with the EM incharge of Labor Department of KHADC, Bah Donkupar Sumer to take action as this could encourage the illegal entry of foreigners. Mynder to the state in the form of driving and besides that it also affects the budget of the Council.
I have lodged an FIR against him because even after being called to explain the schemes, he is still spreading rumors that the MLA scheme is with me and I should resign from the post of MLA if I cannot explain to the people. ", said Marak.
However, she disappointed them because she resigned after a few months.
At the same time, she reminded that the theme of this year is on the empowerment of consumers by using sustainable and environmentally friendly energy.
If we had one local voice, to send 20-21 MPs, it would have been very different.
The Seng requests all members (Tanky Driver, Handyman and Pump Attendant) to attend this meeting on time.
Shillong, Nailar, 14: The Joint Action Committee (JACBoM) on Saturday wrote to the Superintendent of Police, West Karbi Anglong District, Hamren Assam through Dy.SP Barman to lodge a complaint against them. Police of Jri Kyndeng Police Station have lashed and stabbed one school child and two others.
“They should also know that the employees of MCCL on July 28, 2023 have sent a letter to the management saying that they are ready to talk about the rules regarding the VRS and also on the Golden Handshake. “It's just that the government has forced them,” he added.
In the second half, no one can move.
He also stressed the need for unity between the leaders and the people that the goal of the leaders is to bring about change for the development of the community and the region. With the support of the people, any development project will not succeed, he added.
For many, they don't know much about the Kumars and have to listen to what those who have worked with them say.
At the same time, besides this, the group will be performing on the 22nd of January and has been supported by other famous groups.
They will be judged according to their deeds (Rom. 2:16).
After investigation, the Investigating Officer (IO) has charged the three persons under Section 302/201/34 IPC. Shem Langstang, Tharki Langstang and Hiarki Langstang have been convicted of rape under Section 302 IPC. Special Day for Teachers.
They are more hypocritical than the Pharisees.
When asked by Mawhati MDC Bah Charles Marngar whether the Council has any records of the number of traditional dances, the EM said that they do not yet.
West Garo Hills has 72 cases and West Jaintia Hills has
“Bah Sutnga also referred to the provisions of Article 244(2) which refers to the provisions of the Sixth Schedule which apply to the tribal areas of Assam, Meghalaya, Tripura and Mizoram.
When investigated, the driver told the police that the leader of the group took him to a shop of a kharkaia selling rice and ordered him to pay T.4000/- which is the rental fee for four days (one thousand per day).
Speaking to reporters, Jirang MLA Bah Sosthenes Sohtun expressed his deep sorrow over the tragic incident which has destroyed houses and crops. There have been many families who have been severely affected and have had to temporarily shelter in Dorbar Halls and schools. It was after the storm destroyed their homes.
She also recalled the days of her childhood when she was in school when she said that her parents did not allow her to go to tution because they thought they had sent her to study in the schools. She doesn't have to go to tuition and it depends on her own hard work.
Nongpoh, Nailur 19: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday said that the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (SDB) has issued a statement saying that the prohibit the manufacture, import, use and sale of plastic if they do not comply with the requirements laid down by the government.
The Meghalaya High Court has found that the Reservation Policy in Meghalaya has been implemented without a Roster System in recent years. 'Roster System'.
Shillong, Nailar 28: The KSU Mawkyrwat Circle has warned the Khasi girls of Mawkyrwat area not to encourage their children to marry Dkhars. u Dkhar and if they want to get a Dkhar they should give him a jait and follow him immediately and not to continue to rule in Ri-Khasi just for their own benefit.
ICU Listen to me, I'll tell you the truth, Corona is not a money making job, but I don't think they understand exactly, how sad and painful.
The team of the association came second in the 2nd North East Olympic Games
He said that those who have not been vaccinated against COVID-19 were not allowed to participate in the ceremony.
Major David Manlun is a member of the Naga Territorial Army and served in the Assam Rifles.
The State U-19 team will prepare for its first home match against Mizoram in the Cooch Behar Trophy.
To date, for many, the plague of 2,200 has not only frightened and disturbed, but has also encouraged people to pray and plead for miracles to happen and for God's protection. the City, the State and especially private life.
Dr Don said that before the government takes land, it is better to consult with the people to reach an understanding.
In order to regain the rich environment for agriculture, clean and safe drinking water and also how to ensure that the hydropower plants do not ring tyrkhong during the rainy months, it has been It is time for us to reduce the number of trees and to increase and preserve the forests that are still here and there by planting and developing them.
The Word says: If my people,who are called by my name, shall humble themselves,and pray,and seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways; then will I hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin, and will heal their land (2 Chronicles 7:14).
Praiseworthy.
Speaking to media, NEHUSU Finance Secretary Mandor Diengdoh Swer said that there are many issues in the NEP 2020 which are interesting and relevant to improve and transform education across the country. in India and Meghalaya.
Long Covid, increased numbers of non-communicable diseases, delayed referrals and increased severity of symptoms due to Covid – all of this could escalate into an economic burden in the future.
In this regard, the CM said that they will set up a committee to consider various hardworking applicants who will cooperate with the government for these investigations.
We in Meghalaya too celebrate this day with various programs to join in the celebration around the world.
When asked, Bah Dkhar said he cannot question the understanding of the Prime Minister whether any Minister will be removed from office.
Regarding the computer scheme in all Primary Agriculture Credit Societies (PACS) in the country, a scheme funded by the Central Government has been approved to install computers in 1,851 branches of the country. Agriculture and Rural Development Banks (ARDB) in 13 States through the National Unified Software and the use of computers in the offices of the Registrar of Cooperatives of all States/Union Territories as well as the Central Registrar.
He also requested that for the cow farmers in the state, the veterinary department or the government should not harass the cow farmers in the state, as the cows they buy are only from the state. They can no longer buy cows from abroad since the Assam Animal Act has been strictly enforced and now even the cows they buy from the state have been registered with the Veterinary Department.
The Shnong will not close the main roads used by vehicles every day, but will only close the streets within the Shnong. This curfew is a way to prevent the spread of covid-19 from one person to another. This curfew will be reopened. until further notice by the Government of India.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Tynsong said the committee will take the right path to resolve the issue in Them Iew Mawlong.
Thus God declares, “I have surely seen the affliction of my people which is in Egypt, and have heard their cry by reason of their taskmasters; and I have heard their groaning because of their taskmasters...and I have come down to deliver them out of the hand of the Egyptians..." (Exodus 3:7-8) Between Migdol and the Red Sea the “group of Moses "Is she stupid and doesn't know where to go?" But the commandment from Yahweh was that they should go on.
The leaders said that they had met with the SP Kong C. Lyngwa to request, but she said that this is under the jurisdiction of the state government and the police department cannot do anything.
Especially the youth, rather than playing games all the time, it is better if we try to do something good to help ourselves.
The state has been in turmoil in recent days, as many beds in government hospitals have been stolen by employees of the BBMP, which runs the city of Bengaluru. They sell each bed, between T.50,000, T.70,000, to T.1.2 lakh and to the patients, who cannot pay in advance, at these prices, they will be provided with a room to sleep. you don't have oxygen.
On the other hand, the chief guest also inspected various stalls such as tailoring, juice maker, handicraft, stone carving and others.
His body was laid to rest at the home of his mother, Anita Khyriem, opposite the Meghalaya Studio in Iawmusiang, Jowai.
Therefore, the union strongly condemns such people who are selfish without thinking of others who are suffering especially now with the destruction of the environment this road has deteriorated.
daiñ-ly-daiñ: you have not exceeded your limits.
At that time, when her son, who is 21 years old, protected his mother, there was a fight between the two sides.
However, it may take several years, but he urged the people to be patient.
The KSU demands that Dango should explain his position on the issue of uranium mining because of his desire for a two lane road.
After that she drank and ate and left to go to the market.
Prestone Tynsong, Second Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today told a group of UDP MDCs led by Teinwel Dkhar that the state government has send a recommendation to the Governor to implement the rule of Administrator in the Khasi District Council.
She also explained how to check whether anyone or anyone who donates blood before taking blood is safe or not.
Hek said that this public service will provide great assistance not only to those who live in Shillong but also to those who live farther away from the city.
In the middle of the match, which reached extra time after 90+ minutes, Lamare SC, which had the book of luck, scored a beautiful goal from Nelson. Rymbai, which was also well produced by Donlad Diengdoh.
Police have registered a case against them under the rules of law and the investigation is ongoing.
They first found her sweater on the road and then the blood-soaked clothes before they found her in a forest area.
Copy forwarded to Deputy Commissioner, Khasi and Jaintia Hills with reference to his Letter No-3748 Dated the 29th March, 1938 for favor of necessary action.
He said that in fact, there is no difference between the Non-Plan and the Plan budget as it is part of the expenditure.
Cultivation of siej, riphin and shken – There are many varieties of siej growing in the Khasi Jaintia Hills and many of them know how to make kriah, shang, khoh u star, prah, pdung and trop, iarong, tliang, the shylliah, and the skilled farmers live on a small income that we know as spending time during the non-farming season.
Ukrainian troops say they have recaptured Chuhuiv, which was captured by Russian troops earlier, after many Russian troops were killed in the fighting.
On the other hand, the Presbyterian Church of Umran Dairy, Umsning District, has clarified the statement of Bah Ribok Kharpran, who accused Bah LM Bina, Rangbah Shnong of Umran Dairy, of acting like Tymmen Basan, but The Church itself explains that Bah LM Bina did not find the Tymmen Basan and did not find any conflict in the affairs of the Church, but the Church has done anything through the decision of the Church Committee.
Why doesn't the pyrla shiliang so much? Not only that, these wild animals, after surrendering their swords, join political parties and contest elections.
These MDCs who lost their tickets were very sad but could not do anything because it was the decision of the party.
The reason for the blockade is due to heavy rainfall which has caused the NH 6 to be flooded in wet areas and vehicles have not been able to pass due to an accident near Ratacherra village, East Jaintia Hills District. .
The Dorbar began with the installation of the Lama of the Union by Rangbah LMK Lyngrah who was the first Chairman of the Union and was conducted by Rangbah Jemino Mawthoh who was the former Chairman of the Union.
According to the plaintiff, although the report has clearly stated that the work has been awarded to a contractor, the report has stated that the National Highways and Infrastructure Development Corporation Limited (NHIM) will look into the to acquire land for such a phase of the project from the area under the jurisdiction of the Army and to consult with the State Government regarding any other areas.
This was done in a holistic and open manner where mitigation measures, changes and implementation measures and supports were considered in accordance with available scientific knowledge.
At the same time, the vendors expressed their gratitude and appreciation to Kong Angela Rangad and other Seng leaders who have worked hard for them.
Thus Bethlehem was sanctified by all believers, cared for and preserved to this day by the Christians in these places.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, President of the Block Congress in Nongstoin, Bah Albinus Kharbani, said that the Block Nongstoin has approved the name of Dr. Pariong for the ticket, but it has yet to be submitted to the District and State. that I may glorify thy name.
In the Preamble of the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation 1873, when it was issued on 27th August, 1873, the Khasi and Jaintia Hills were also included in the Preamble.
others are not yet done.
Shillong: The border talks between George B Lyngdoh (TMC) and Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today broke down.
After this, Dr. GL Niang, Ex-President of the Seiñ Kyntu Raij-12 Daloi, launched the flag of the party and Rgh Moses Lyngdoh, the Religious Leader of the Raij Dienchynrum, received the vote of thanks.
Khliehriat, July 5: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, today evening issued an order under sections 144CrPC. The KSU East Jaintia Hills District (KSU) has held talks between the ADC, Bah Jonathan Shylla and the members of the KSU East Jaintia Hills District. don't be in Lumshang.
After listening to the speech of Bah Basaiawmoit, the Speaker AT Mondal urged him to bring the bill in the House so that the government can take the necessary action.
It may be recalled that in the past few months, when Conrad K. Sangma visited several villages in the Jirang area, he returned home from this bad road. Conrad K. Sangma, who has experienced this, has led Conrad K. Sangma to think specifically about this road, until he himself has laid the foundation stone for the construction of this road. .
Calcium and many other important minerals found in dhania can help rebuild bones and increase their strength and also fight against osteoporosis.
Real OIG beat Yesteryear 3-1 with goals scored by Jewelson Tynsong in the 35th minute and Donkupar Nongrum in the 42nd minute. and Balumlang Lyngdoh in the 59th minute.
“There are several reasons why we have a government that doesn't suit us the people.
Malka said he expects there to be a flight from the Northeast to Israel.
Shortly after, members of KSU Ranikor Circle, went to investigate the man and his family and said that they came to this place after they were excluded from the list. NRC in Assam and their intention is to become new citizens in this area through the help of Mulor of Jamadwar.
Speaking to reporters, Joy said that the Chairman of the Election Committee, Hilarious Pyngrope, has violated the Khyrim Syiemship Act 1997 during the election. the election on May 5th.
Shillong: The CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, after a meeting with the village leaders of DS Rynjah, said that the boundary of the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah Shillong has been raised again. , he went to RR Colony, which is now known as Rynjah.
Anseng T Sangma, of Rongsak village, was arrested from Bamsamgre on Tuesday night and his Maruti car was seized.
The law also states that animal supply stores recognized by the Veterinary Department can open.
On the MUA-II ban, Dr Donkupar said the Prevention of Disqualification Amendment Bill, 2015 is now dead.
The CEM in his speech as mentioned above said that the adoption of the amendment to the Sixth Schedule according to the intention of the Government of India and the Government of Meghalaya will bring benefits and strengthen. more than the uniqueness of the human race.
In the middle of the incident, a doctor came out and informed the leaders of the Sengbhalang, but the doctor drove away by throwing the slip.
“After the difference of opinion, he decided to contest from Nongkrem without the approval of the party, so it will be decided whether he will return to the party or not,” he said.
Israel has advanced in all aspects and in the science and technology of this age.
Shillong: As usual, Forever Young will hold a jngi ja competition at midnight on the 31st of this month as a sign of welcoming the New Year.
Speaking to Mawphor, some of the residents who visited the site said that what happened this year is something they have never witnessed before.
At the age of 16 he went back to Voorhee's College, Vellore and it was in the same year that his father married a young woman named Swakamuamma.
The Rangbah Shnong and Secretary of Mylliem area have already become members of the Committee of Mylliem Sports Club.
C Suja, General Secretary, KSU Khliehriat, Leningard Tariang, Organizing Secretary, Jesper Bareh, Sonstar Nongkhlaw, Assistant Finance Secretary, KSU JHDU also welcomed the guests. SS Ryngkhlem President of the Union of Village Headmen of East Jaintia Hills.
“The Forest Department cannot do anything to combat these illegal activities.
Earlier, officials from PHE, PWD (Roads) and MeECL explained the progress of the work.
On this closing day, a game was held, among other activities.
Because of this, many lives have been saved, and the future of many families protected.
It will be a memorable story in the history of Tympang Club, Jowai where on 29th November it took the initiative to open an auditorium which includes an indoor hall in honor of the great thinkers of the village and the community of Jowai and the State who is also a legislator.
It is this understanding of serving and developing the people and the policies of the State Government to serve and invest for the welfare of the people salonsar, which makes my parents happy and surely life and that they will be able to feed and nurture us.
He said that sometimes expectations do not come true but it should not be a disappointment in the struggle.
They too had to rely on the kindness of their family members to stay together.
It was found that Government employees in Districts who do not need to be transferred from one District to another cannot be transferred from that District only.
The Minister also launched the new rules and regulations of Yess Meghalaya and distributed checks to 38 groups of beneficiaries with an amount of 9.8 lakh tyngka. .
However, the Chief Engineer PWD (Border Roads & NEC Works), Assam in June this year has called a tender for the improvement of the road from Mairang to Rani godown Azara under the NEC scheme of the 11th Five Year Plan Programme. at a cost of T.30,155,000 lakh.
The Meghalaya government should take action on the death of Walinda.
Through this statement, the State Legislative Assembly, has confirmed to the people of many states, the uncertainty, which since yesterday, regarding the resignation of U Danggo, who intends to contest the MLA elections in NPP, which he will join in the next few days.
“I also want to empower women in the society, to be strict in the issuance of trading licences, and others,” she said.
On the other hand, the Lum Sohpetbneng Committee, Seng Khasi Kmie, informs that vehicles will be allowed to board until 12 noon and those who wish to return to their homes, will be allowed to get off from at 2 o'clock in the morning.
These questions are arising from day to day especially after the Chief Minister sent a letter to the leaders of FASToM on 12th June, 2022 to implement the demand.
“What shall we do like this...?” asked Bah Shanbor to those present. One of them said, “That's what you're doing, don't know how to do it... You're the one who's threatening this house...” said Bah Shanbor. happened.
He reminded that the VPP leaders from the beginning did not want to support and cooperate with other groups within the opposition and this sitting in front of the residence of the Mylliem MLA may be one of them. “On our part and on behalf of Bah Ronnie V.Lyngdoh, we are looking for ways and means how to address the issues of the people and the nation in many areas. for sha for.
She said that the cleanliness should not be done only in the yard of the house and throw the garbage to the houses of the neighbors or on the streets of the village.
Therefore, the MLAs appealed to the people to maintain peace and order and refrain from getting involved in such crimes and illegal activities.
Jowai, Nailur 15: The Executive Engineer of PWD Shangpung Jur Division today met with the Executive Engineer of PWD Shangpung Jur Division. office to repair the village roads in Laskeiñ and surrounding villages.
Police in Ri Bhoi District today arrested Abdullah Hussain and Sanborlang Khaiong for allegedly smuggling gold biscuits worth crores of rupees. Police have seized these drugs from a Scorpio (AS 01 J 6407), which was coming from Ladrymbai and was heading to Assam.
The operation was conducted by the AIG and after a thorough investigation, it was found that all the utilization certificates (UC) or accounting documents for the expenditure were forged.
The border is still clear.
He said it is sad to see that just by shouting 'Ha U Prah' of one or two people who don't know where they come from, it will lead to the point of being attacked.
The union has talked to the government from time to time on this issue and hopefully in the coming years it will succeed and work according to the plan of the state government,” said Bah Kitbok.
This difference among the residents could affect the entire area if it is not controlled.
On the women's side, Tluh Secondary School won two gold and two silver medals.
The union has warned the foreigners who come to trade and work in the state that from now on it will continue to revoke their trading license and labor license.
Other candidates are expected to file their nomination papers from tomorrow Thursday until the 28th.
After the AMDA has held Season-I, Season-II, Season-III in the past years, it is through this event that the AMDA has been able to open the door for talented singers and dancers to various events. different at the national level.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 316 cases, 9 cases in Golflink, 9 cases in Jaiaw, 11 cases in Laban, 21 cases in Laitkor, 6 cases in Lawmei, 7 cases in Lumparing, 21 cases in Madanryting, 9 cases in Marbisu. cases in Mawlai, 7 cases in Mawprem, 11 cases in Nongmynsong, 9 cases in Nongthymmai, 25 cases in Rajbhavan, 9 cases in Umpling and 13 cases in Umthli.
Nongtraw said to cite the example of the NSCN (IM), before the Naga leaders entered into talks in 2002, the Nagaland government had withdrawn all the case against them.
The company has focused on how to get more employees and has compromised on the needs of employees and ambulances.
They said that the Acting Sordar appointed by the KHADC, Bah Hamlet Mylliempdah, is the mother of these two persons and they alleged that the appointment of the Acting Sordar is only for the purpose of selling the Raid land. .
Police also seized T,2,200 including two mobile phones.
“This meeting is small because we have to follow the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and a larger meeting will be held on the 18th of this month in which all the Congress leaders will be present. including Dr. Mukul,” he said.
Dr Myrboh said that another possibility is that the office has not sent the notice through the order of the higher authorities or the officials who are in trouble.
The President of the Youth Wing of KHNAM, Thomas Passah, said that there are three proposals that the army has sent to the government for land.
Investigation revealed that he had cheated on 13 women, whom he had met from various shyiengkrung websites.
I believe you have seen through facebook that our Khasi are hating each other.
The Additional Advocate General of the Government of Meghalaya, Bah WHD Syngkon, who was the chief guest in his speech, said that only determination and hard work can bring about the holy fruit. All these students who passed the examination are students who have left their studies for many years but with determination they have studied again and now they have reached the victory by passing the examination. Bah Syngkong congratulated the founders of this college who have worked hard to establish this school and urged them to make this college one of the most valuable schools. and other educational institutions in India.
Equal beneficiaries are Politicians, Traders, Contractors and Government Employees from various Departments dealing with the citizens, who are equally invisible.
It is very sad to see this family and on the part of this longkmie, she also requested that if there are only those who can help with the medicine, how much it would be a blessing, because it will be the husband of I will be well, she believes that all things at home will be better.
However, some media outlets have received information that due to the speeding of the driver of the truck and the narrowness of the road inside the area, the accident occurred.
It is also prohibited to gather more than five people within a distance of 100 meters from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Jowai.
The Save Hynniewtrep Mission will hold a rally on the 30th of this month from Dkhiah to the monument of Woh Kiang Nangbah near the office of the Deputy Commissioner. in Khliehriat which is also the day of the death of King Nangbah.
According to him, the BSF troops should be deployed to the border as it is their duty to protect the border from various crimes and smuggling from Bangladesh to India.
This was announced by Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, President of the VPP Mairang and Mawthadraishan districts at a joint meeting held at Maroid.
The scientist explained that through the chip there is no need for Epic, Aadhaar, Pancard and others.
Now, the State has to prepare well for the next match against Arunachal Pradesh on Friday.
On this occasion, the Minister of Home Affairs also spoke to these groups to spread the message of peace and promised that the Government will give a fair trial.
Shillong, Nailur 04 : The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday demanded that the government should immediately cancel the MBBS scholarship of more than 10 students selected from the Open Category of the State Quota. (State) because they have not been able to submit their Permanent Residential Certificate (PRC).
Mr. Brolding Nongsiej will head the Water Resources, Printing and Stationary Department of the Home Department.
However, the border residents are still facing these problems, as happened in Mukroh, a village which falls within the border of Meghalaya and which does not have any of the 12 disputed areas. and Assam.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: Batesi TV has switched to Analog from English Channel at 7:30 pm on these cable networks. including JJ's Cable Network, Pearl's Cable Network and Amar Cable Network.
“At the same time, let us love, let us kiss and let us not have any hatred for each other,” said Bah Rani.
Sports Secretary Sanjay Kumar and other officials of the Union Government attended the meeting.
However, he said with a smile, “Yes, I don't ask because God has put my money like this and I am happy with it.
He said that poor women have to register and register at the nearest health centers so that they can get adequate protection during these times of COVID-1 and it will be easier for the health department to assist them and for the women to be treated easily when they go to hospitals.
He said the road to be constructed on the border is the PWD road at Muduki and Jimirgaon Bakhalapara.
Such people have no cure for their enslavement to their candidate and the party they have joined.
Shillong: There have been 90 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 1,4 they declined as the days went by.
After receiving a tip, officers from HQRS Preventive, Customs, NER, Shillong on 29th June last year rushed to the Silchar-Jiribam road and conducted a search operation. so many hours to people suspected of carrying drugs.
In the midst of the breakdown, the breakdown and the breakdown of the relationship between God and man, and between fellow creatures.
In addition, many of the crematoria discovered in Meghalaya in the last 31 years are truly beautiful and beautiful and match the size and beauty of crematoria discovered in other parts of the world.
These thinkers saw that only the change from maternal inheritance to paternal inheritance can protect the Khasi people from foreign viruses.
At the same time, he expressed his regret that the incident in Manipur has affected the students of the state.
“After we left the meeting in 2021, the government invited us to a meeting on April 12, 2021 where we left the meeting because it was not right,” he said.
The Krohiaw Football Club will play at the District Level soon.
The rally was also part of the celebration of World Environment Day, which was organized by the office of the Block Development Officer, Mawshynrut C&RD Block, in collaboration with the and the office of the Sub Divisional Civil Officer, Mawshynrut.
The PRO Office of the Ministry of Defense has warned the candidates not to be lured into false promises or fall into any deception as the selection will be based on those who meet their skills and those who meet those who work and try. If you have any request for assistance in this regard, please contact the nearest Army Headquarters Shillong Police Station.
He said that the party, which has been running for 41 years, has experienced and faced many protests for the sake of the nation.
The program was conducted in the border areas of Meghalaya and Bangladesh where these troops have their patrol posts.
Shillong: U Kamal Ch Patar, Rangbah Shnong of Patarkuchi, Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday.
Before the registration, Bah Brightstarwell and Bah Ardent gave speeches to explain to the people about the principles of the party.
At the same time, they have given time to the government to pay their salary by the 13th of this month or face a stronger protest.
He said that the counting was done by the elders and leaders of the party from the President, Vice President and other office bearers.
Because I was on leave, I had to leave the hostel.
The Kur Lamin Bakur Dawki Unit has honored the ASHA workers in Bakur and Dawki on the 13th of this month.
Gun owners must bring along their Residential Certificate from the Waheh Shnong, EPIC of the gun owner and two passport size photographs.
“What surprises us as the Sengbhalang and also the people is that the Government has not done anything on the findings of the investigation for almost a month.
“One thing that the Minister of Home Affairs has promised is that the electricity distribution project to the households will go smoothly and the government will not stop,” said Lambokstarwell.
FC, Umeit FC, Sten United FC, Jaguar FC, Ibarial FC, Lumdaitkhla SC, Dieng Sma Ud FC, Mawtneng SC, PFR Academy, MLPFC and Mawlai FC. 60th place according to the FIFA World Rankings.
When they arrived at Shangbangla, a 12 wheeler truck crossed the divider and hit the tourist vehicle carrying Vishwa and his friends. .
The total number of recoveries has risen to 13,889 and the death toll has risen to
The MLA/MDC of Ranikor constituency, Bah Pius Marweiñ, on 4th July laid the foundation stone for the construction of the office of the C&RD Block Ranikor at a cost of T.2.77 crore through the Community and Rural Development Department. In the presence of Bah AL Bareh, BDO C&RD Block Ranikor, Bah KC Nongrum, EE PWD Roads Ranikor and others.
The President said that although the Congress has ruled in Meghalaya and Assam for the past 50 years and even in the Central Government, it has spoken on the border issue only for political gain. .
The story of the Jaitbynriew of the past centuries has not been told.
“Rida, look at Shane...” Panah said. “Why...?" Rida asked, “I mean, don't you hear anything...?” Panah asked. RidaU Panah was afraid and was afraid.
Dr War said that at this meeting he directed the managers of hospitals to train and inspect the hospitals before sending patients and to inspect the hospitals. who send the patients, whether there are enough beds for the patients so that there will be no delay in the treatment of the patients.
Therefore, the Seng requests all the members from all the units of the Association to take their time to attend the celebration.
Lama Youth Sports Club and Lakadong Ummat Sports Club have entered the second round of the 3rd Division Football Tournament organized by the EJHDFA.
“I am from NEHU, I know sometimes my students use to shout that I am not an Indian, should I get angry and inform the police.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, Prestone urged the people not to spread false information as it could create ethnic discrimination in the State.
“We are afraid that the government will lose a huge amount of money if the company abandons the project.
“The JAC has also demanded the implementation of this price, but as the JHCMA has refused and many meetings have been held between the two parties and the government.
In the tie breaker, Azriel scored four goals and scored two goals.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 8 new cases have been confirmed and 77 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
“Now the weather conditions are suitable for planting and we have decided to conduct tree planting to commemorate the elections.
Shillong: North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum on Tuesday said that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government should proceed with the evacuation of the residents of Mawlong Market. The government has not used its authority to evict these people, but has relocated them to other places, for the sake of peace and order. place also needs improvement.
The muster roll number is 141644, 141645, 141648, 141650 which shows that the work from October to June 2012 has been deleted and the dates have been deleted and the date of July Although they had requested information through RTI, the BDO of Pynursla, PS Tynsong, had visited the village on 10th November 2013, and had promised to provide them with information. but the surprising thing is that they have not yet received it.
However, it is also shocking to know that there are people who are no longer willing to take the lives of others.
Regarding the anger and criticism of the HSPDP leader Ardent, Pangniang said that the outcome of the incident was He said that as the meeting was a general meeting, not only members and supporters of the HSPDP were present, but also other foreigners. The meeting went smoothly and was successful.
The PM-KISAN has empowered the Annadata (farmers) by promoting investment in agriculture, resolving financial crisis and increasing income in rural areas.
When asked about the issues he will take for the people of West Shillong to elect him again, the former MLA said, “The priority tasks that I have tried and thought about in the The purpose of the 15-year MLA term is to empower the youth and create opportunities for employment.
If you listen carefully to the voice of the leaders of the KSU, FKJGP, HNYF and RBYF, it is time for the state government to think and urge the central government. , to raise awareness on the opposition to the CAA and their demand for the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya.
At this meeting, hundreds of men and women joined the Party by filling up their membership forms.
On the other hand, the principal of the school, Miss Grefelyne Kharsyntiew, urged the MLA to provide a colorful road to the village as at present the area is not allowed. inoh bein shisha for many many years.
These include EGH: 4, EJH: 13, EKH: 149, NGH: 1, RBD: 11, SGH: 2, SWGH: 8, SWKH: 1, WGH: 32, WJH: 36 and WKH:
Panah smiled and said, and Rida listened.
During the visit, the Minister also explained the benefits of the Garo Hills to the farmers who have been able to transport their crops. Their crops were sold in Guwahati.
Speaking to Mawphor, one of the residents, Maniwel Suja, said that this is not the first or second time but it happens from time to time.
He said that the JHTOA will not hesitate to take a decision to protest against the corruption of these dewbilat factories and deprive the indigenous truck owners of the opportunity to earn money from the transportation of bah.
In a statement, Robinson Majaw Secretary invited all the youths who hold to the traditional religion from Ri-War area to come and celebrate this day.
Seeing the rise of the internet, the Prime Minister said that radio has come forward in new ways through podcasts and online FM. He said that FM programs will be broadcast in these languages ​​especially in this area which has 27 indigenous languages.
Bah RM Shabong The shooting and destruction of the house of Bah Michael Warjri, Secretary of the Hima Nongspung, is an act of violence, which the Assamese show that they have ruled and attacked the border of Meghalaya in These days and that they don't care, don't even smile at the Meghalaya police.
The two teams met again in the semi final of the 1992 World Cup, where India, led by Mohammed Azharuddin as captain, lost to England.
Member of the National Executive of the party in charge of North East, Habubung Payeng today came to Shillong to meet with the people.
However, with the misguided leadership of politicians in various parties to mislead the people, many have accepted that politics is just a spectacle to eat, drink, distribute money and so on. The people should no longer understand their duty as voters, but should be only those who are bought like cows and goats and support only those who can feed, drink alcohol, distribute money and so on. deception.
In a petition sent to the Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, the Kur Lai Kynja Ksanmaw, Rangblang has said that they are against the action of the Public Works Department (PWD). PWD) Roads because for decades the road which passes through the land of the Kur Lai jait starting from Wah Ponnailo to the border with the land of Shnong Marïem has not been completed by the PWD (R) department. mark its strength through pillars.
Speaking to reporters, one of the residents came to the bank from 7 pm to ensure that they received the money, but after waiting for many hours, they were told that there was no money left in the bank. Many of them left the place empty-handed.
He said that the people of the state are in fear of the illegal entry of mynder and it is necessary to implement the ILP in the state.
No one can escape it.
The Roman Emperors who ruled over Palestine did not want anyone to stand up against their tyranny and the Sadducees, Pharisees and scribes did not want to. destroy the kings, though they destroy the people, for it shall destroy them greatly.
Caesar Augustus was a wise and intelligent man, who took over the military, legislative and established the Pax Romana. peace throughout the Roman Empire.
He said that this action of the BSF shows that the weapons provided by the Government to protect the country have been misused, and added that if there is any change in this matter he will monitor to ensure that it should be used. judge these people severely because they cannot take their lives.
Amit Shah has urged both the Meitei and the Kuki to come to the negotiating table as the Lok Sabha has also passed a resolution to restore peace and order in the state. state located in the northeast of the country.
The report said that they have not yet been able to reach the scene of the helicopter, but the condition of the helicopter is very doubtful. , in the incident.
On the part of the Leaders of the Seng SBYWA-Central Body, they had the opportunity to discuss and ask some questions about the situation regarding the peace and order, the development of the village, and other benefits of the villagers. (Rangbah and Secretary Village) of these border villages.
Within the US, the study found that 34% of expectant mothers were obese and nearly 9% had diabetes.
He said that he does not recognize the people only when the election is near, but from the day he wins he understands and feels for their problems.
It is the duty of ASHAs to enter the homes of women to explain to them to go to hospitals to give birth.
He also thanked the Chief Minister and the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the State Government, who have responded to his request, for the provision of roads to the people in Maweit area who have suffered from the tragedy. lack of proper road.
You can do MGNREGA, Agriculture, Veterinary.
“I am very responsible for her as a daughter,” said Bah Bruton. “I am very pleased with your words and I will do as you say not because I am angry but because of her goodness. .
It is learned that even the water in these places has been covered with a pump and the sad thing is that even if they cover with a musari during sleep, the pump has been covered with a pump. They went into the musari and when they woke up in the morning, they heard the sound of the bedroom, covered with pumpum suda and this is dangerous and can seriously affect the health, especially of small children.
Sailung Ialong beat Mynthong 2-0 in the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Tuesday.
They are not the owners of Bangladesh,” Hasina said.
The match ended without a goal from the start to the end in Group E. In fact, Meghalaya could have played better but they couldn't score.
Another party leader, while talking to syllad.com, said that he will not contest the MDC election.
The Punjab government on Tuesday, seeing continuous snowfall, announced the closure of all schools including government, government-recognized and private schools in the state until 26th January due to floods caused by continuous heavy rains.
Liver, kidney, lipid profile, blood sugar, total hemogram, blood count, sputum test, urine and blood routine exams, Hba1c, TSA, and others.
The slogan of Prime Minister Narendra Modi during the 2014 elections was Sabub kae Ssaath, Ssaub ka Vvikas, which means 'with all, for the development of all'
“Preach the word, be at it urgently in season and in season; reprove, rebuke, exhort, teach” 2 Timothy 4:2
Because if from time to time this happens, it discourages them in their work, so when they are expelled from the marketplace, they should be given a place to market freely.
xxiv) The Kathasandhi program is a program that features stories written recently by writers for reading and discussion.
Will the BJP government listen? The VPP's protest was supported by the public on social media.
At such times, if the Commerce and Industries Department, Rural Development Department, Veterinary Department and others do not work, then their idea is in vain.
Regarding the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, expressed his gratitude to the leaders of NEFA, who have been able to hold this program despite the Covid-19 pandemic, for the purpose of these Longkmie to continue in conducting this program is to preserve the customs and traditions that have been established since ancient times.
There are also young people who are not married who say, “It's hard only now that you're alone, when you get married you'll be happy”.
Delhi Lieutenant Governor VK Saxena has expressed reluctance to allow Kejriwal to work and rule from jail.
They lack the energy to concentrate and pay attention in the field of education, which shows above low marks.
“The Church has gone through 125 years through many challenges and in 1992 the Church has celebrated its centenary – the 100th anniversary of the Church,” said Tbn.Ryngkhlem.
“Consider the work of God, for who can DO WHAT HE HAS DONE? Ecclesiastes7:13.
Shillong: After 48 years, the MPSC today opened its own office in Lower Lachumiere, Shillong.
During the visit, he also met with Bah SS Cajee, who is from the house of Bah Ardent.
The meeting was attended by Prestone Tynsong, Sniawbhalang Dhar, Comingone Ymbon, Ampareen Lyngdoh and MLA Wailadmiki Shylla.
The Election Commission has seized Rs 127 crore from Tamil Nadu, Rs 112.59 crore from West Bengal, Rs 63 crore from Assam and Rs 21.77 crore from Kerala. and Rs 5.72 crore in Puducherry.
The Chief Minister handed over the announcement to the new Sub Divisional Officer, Reuben Momin and congratulated the people of the area for taking part in this memorable day.
Mawlang Government LP School, Mawkynrew Block, East Khasi Hills District and under the jurisdiction of Syntung Cluster celebrated Parents Day for the first time on 18th March
Jowai, March 16: The Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy 1st Division Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai on Tuesday. football Kiang Nangbah Stadium, East Jowai.
“Because if these three are not enough, it means that there is a problem for the students of the college or for the teachers or those who work in that area,” said Bah Thangkhiew.
SYING:- Sying activates enzymes that remove bad cholesterol from the blood.
“We have received information from the police that there are five complaints lodged in connection with the election,” he said. “It's not like the election is going to happen,” he said.
Shillong, Lber, 01: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through its Education Cell has sent a message of congratulations to all the Khasi students who will soon sit for the SSLC and HSSLC examinations and other examinations. them in these few days to come.
Lajong FC, on the other hand, after winning their recent match and three draws, now have six points from four games and are one point behind Delhi.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that it is necessary to see the draft of the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) before he can say anything on this.
Conrad also spoke to Anita Sangma during his visit.
He also spoke on the history of Sikkim, from its journey as a Hima to its becoming the 22nd State of the country on 16th June,
The JEE examination for 8 lakh students has started from 1st November 2020, while the National Eligibility Cum Entrance Test Undergraduate, or NEET 2020, will be held on 13th November
There have been rumors that the Khasi subject which will be held on the 2nd of November has been stolen but the reporter has not been able to confirm it yet. However, many have doubted that the question of this subject has been stolen but like science, many have remained in the dark whether the examination of Class IX students for the subject Khasi will be clean and clear. or is it that you have already sold the questions before the examination?
Speaking to reporters, BJP President Khlur Sing Lyngdoh said he was surprised that the government has not been able to run the factory smoothly, while other factories have been running by the government. “I don't understand how the government can't run while the private companies are running smoothly,” said Bah Khlur Lyngdoh. He said it is the duty of the government through the prime minister to ensure that the factory should operate.
In the past five months, we have seen how the people and leaders have come forward – to help the sick, to provide food, to help distribute relief to the families, to transport the agricultural products and to fight against the problems caused by the lockdown.
Hek said that in terms of expenditure, “A lot of money has been spent during the elections, besides the security forces and the time of the leaders has been spent only during the elections. ," he added.
If the people want to destroy the BJP, they can do only one thing by signing the seal on the trees on the 27th of this month.
"In the name of the party they go to the people to ask for power, if they cannot arrange their house properly, they should stop pointing fingers at other political parties," he said. Chief.
In the past three days, the rupee has lost 560 paise, or 8.86 per cent, against the dollar.
Latham has taken over as captain Kane Williamson, who is suffering from a hamstring injury.
“I will always be strong in what we have done, I will protect our friendship and I will protect, for our daughter, who loves so much, her mother and her you are also your father.
West Garo Hills has 13 new cases, Ribhoi District 11 and East Khasi Hills has only 4 cases.
Mylliem MLA RV Lyngdoh, Mylliem MDC Teilinia Thangkhiew and CEM of KHADC were also invited to the meeting. Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ricky Nelson Syiem, Leaders of the Union of Village Authorities of Hyniewtrep will also be present on the occasion.
Her husband, Dr Patrick Rongma Marak, is a doctor who works at the Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Science in Shillong.
“I am pleased that the Leader of the Opposition Dr Donkupar Roy has supported me in this presidential election,” said Meira. election campaign.
The new cases include EGH: 19 (Others), EJH: 27 (Others), EKH: 392 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force-01, Others-391), NGH: 19 (Others), RBD : 170 (Others), SGH: 09 (Others), SWGH: 35 (Others), SWKH: 07 (Others), WGH: 59 (Others), WJH: 79 (Others) and WKH: 12 (Others).
“Any candidate running against me is always strong.
The Chief Guest congratulated the youth who took part in this competition as part of showcasing their talents to other youth.
Speech was also delivered by Bah BW Chyne, President of AOTG&PCS, who explained about the beginnings of Slasha cultivation in Ri Bhoi and the progress of the Society. to promote Slasha farmers and to encourage farmers to cultivate Slasha without the use of pesticides.
Vehicles traveling from Mawblei – Laitumkhrah – 9 Lad – Motphran, traffic jam is heavy from 8.00 am to
“When he was planning to contest the mid-term MDC elections after the death of Bah N Marwein, Danggo He did not join the Congress.
Ram Gurung (3/55), Swarajeet Das (3/75) and Dippu Ch Sangma (1/61) shared wickets. took 3 wickets.
The Government of India has announced to extend the curfew until July 30, 2020, but only in the worst affected areas.
" Concluded Kong Mer. So on that day they concluded there about that part.
“Man is the greatest enemy of nature and the cause of water shortage, and many of the people in the state are now facing severe water shortage because many of the water wells have started to dry up due to the widespread destruction of water. “It's time for the people to wake up from their sleep to preserve the forests, drinking water wells and the surrounding environment,” said Bah Renikton. He also urged the people to think and avoid destroying the environment but to take care and maintain the drinking water sources.
Six months after the erection of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) at Khanduli, leaders of various political parties have had the opportunity to express their opposition to the entry toll gate. Krishna Baruah, Deputy Commissioner of West Karbi Anglong District, Khanduli on Tuesday.
Due to the success of the programme, the Government has recently launched FOCUS+ to expand the FOCUS+ programme. .
The closure of these offices was on the grounds that they did not respect and sanctify this day which is a holiday for the celebration of Pomblang Syiem which is a special day for the people of Pomblang Syiem. the whole nation.
It also has the power to investigate, and if it finds that there have been wrongdoings, it can send back the money with interest, and will not give it again.
“We who are lame, blind and lame, we spend the day here without food”, “Government give us 16 tyngka until we can survive”, “Give us poor food”, “Government give us our rights to I will sit every day", are some of the placards of these disabled people.
All youths are invited to participate individually or in groups to showcase their talents and all the games will be broadcast live on the National TV Channel. others are the newspapers in the area.
Ismail Marak, former EM of GHADC, Asanang Constituency
This comes after a petition filed by the MSSASA in the Meghalaya High Court.
Persia and Rush are your brothers.
Furthermore, the G20's preparation to implement the recommendations of the G20 Independent Review on the MDB Capital Adequacy Framework (CAF) has received the support of the Finance Ministers for its implementation.
Speakers on the occasion included James Kharbani, Rangbah Shnong of Sawsymper Area, Bonsen Snaitang, President of KSU Balat Border Area Circle, Gilbert Kharraswai, President of HUAM, Kyrmenskhem Shangdiar, President of FKJGP South Eastern. Kyllang S.Thongni, President of HANM Central Body.
“The four tickets I bought cost QR500 (11,099 in Indian rupees) each.
The Chief Justice said he himself took part in the 40-hour hearing when he was a judge of the Rajasthan High Court in 2011 and said. That this program is helpful in discussing skills to resolve differences of opinion.
The incident happened at 4 pm this evening, at the shop of Bah Mutdur Nongkseh and Liona Mawphniang. has caused a great loss to the owners of the shop.
Bokhari said she supported the demand of the Pakistani authorities to send a thorough inquiry into the incident on 9th January. He said that all those involved in this incident should be punished according to the rules of law and should also be prosecuted according to their own violations.
When asked, he replied that he is confident that the people of Sohiong will elect him because everyone wants change and to get an MLA who has the knowledge to be a legislator and Your constituency.
Horirai Memorial Higher Secondary School, Photjaud-Rangthong beat Marshillong Presbyterian Secondary School 5-0
“For about 14 or 15 years now, in the Nongstoiñ area, no new roads have been built or painted. The Ministry of Road Transport in our state has said that Meghalaya will be given up to 1000 KM to improve roads but so far those who have submitted are only about 500 KM,” said MLA Ha. When asked how long the project will take, the MLA said it depends on the ability to send the DPRs earlier through the PWD department. The PWD department will continue to strive to complete the project as soon as possible so that it can be implemented next year. He said that more than 10 roads have been included under the PMGSY scheme for improvement and cleaning.
The times of the church and the times of the work of the Holy Spirit are more than 2000 now, and the last day will come, to be 70 weeks in all, as it is written.
Jowai, Jymmang 24: U Baitlang Pohsngap, one of the residents of Jowai, on Thursday in an interview with Mawphor, urged the people before the polling on 27th October die to be vigilant for the future because this is the life and death of countries and nations.
The decision was taken at a meeting chaired by Bah DD Lapang, President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (I). K Marak General Secretary in charge of elections.
The statement appealed to the Sengbhalang in Hynniewtrep to take action against the violence of Assam.
Despite the difficulties, Francis dedicated his life to visit the holy places in Palestine between 1219-1220 and prayed in Bethlehem.
The former Mawlai MDC also explained why he supports the NPP and especially Bah Teiborlang Pathaw because as a person who has been in the political arena for decades, he expects to have one party to rule the State because it is not sufficient for the rule of law when there is a Coalition Government.
She said that the ancestors taught that a strong family is where the father, wife and children live together and as an MP she will teach that.
Adding on the complaint of the people in the border village, Bah Paul Star Lyngdoh said that the information or complaint to the district authorities and the Meghalaya government authorities has not been useful and till now they have not done anything. He said that the Meghalaya government has not surprised the people until it happened like what happened in Mukroh village where 6 precious souls lost their lives untimely. he added.
The Word of God says – “His judgments are in all the earth: he remembereth his everlasting covenant, the word which he commanded to a thousand generations, even his covenant with Abraham. and thy oath unto Isaac" Psalm 105:7-9
JOWAI: Don't force us to carry guns, give ILP to Meghalaya, said the FKJGP, KSU, JSU and HNYF in Jowai today.
You don't need to give and receive in return.
The main objective is to accelerate the implementation of the agendas set by 2030;
Satan is the king who rules the world.
The top 20 were Amebaaihunsha Kharbhih (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,Kh) 575 from St. Paul's Higher Secondary School,Marbisu and Arghadeep Saha (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE). ,Ae)575; Menangman Major Kharkongor (E,M,S&T, SSc,HPE,Kh)569 from St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong 2, Rilaakor Lamare (E,M,S&T,SSc,CSc,Kh)569 from Auxilium Girls' Higher Secondary School,Shillong 3; Arghadeep Ghosh (E,M,S&T,SSc,CSc,H)568 of Sherwood School, Tura Weibha Nongtdu Lakiang (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,Kh)567 of North Liberty Higher Secondary School,Jowai, U Freddy Lyngkhoi (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,Kh)563 of Sacred Heart Boys' Higher Secondary School, Shillong, Eleazer (E,M,S&T,SSc, HPE,Kh)561 of Christian Academy, Shillong, Labetphylla Shisha Marwein (M,S&T,SSc,HPE, Kh)561 of Synod Higher Secondary School,Shillong; of Subhamita Chowdhury (E,M,S&T,SSc, HPE,H)561 of Embee Rosebud Secondary School,Tura; by Sreejita Paul (E,M,S&T, SSc,HPE,Ae)560 of Holy Child Higher Secondary School,Shillong; Laniewkyrpang Nongrum (E,M,S&T,SSc, HPE,Kh)559 of Holy Angels Secondary School, Bhoirymbong; by Nice Parvin Begum (M,S&T,SSc,HPE,As)558 of Bhaitbari Higher Secondary School,Bhaitbari; ka Fatema Jesminara Begum (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,As)557 of Bhaitbari Higher Secondary School, Bhaitbari, ka Saphibet Warjri (E,M, S&T,SSc,HPE,Kh)556 of Brookside Adventist Higher Secondary School, Shillong; 556 students (EM, S&T, SSc, HPE, Kh); Sangma (E,M,S&T, SSc,HPE,G)556; ka Ferry Filarisha Wann (E,M,S&T,SSc,CSc,Kh)555 of St.Mary’s Higher Secondary School,Shillong; Philawantei (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,Kh)554 from Christian Academy, Shillong, Jesmica Shylla (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,Kh)554 from Synod Higher Secondary School, Shillong; Md Abrarul Hoque (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,B)553 of Shillong Jail Road Boys’ Higher Secondary School,Shillong; of Balarisuk Myria (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,Ae)553 of Laitumkhrah Bengali Secondary School, Shillong; u Dear Jyoti Sharma (E,M, S&T,SSc,HPE,Ae)553 of Gorkha Pathshala Higher Secondary School,Shillong, U Given (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,Kh)552 of Christian Academy,Shillong, U Sohan Thapa (M,S&T,SSc, HPE,N)552of Christian Academy,Shillong; Adamepynshngain (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,Kh)551* of Anderson Higher Secondary School,Nongstoin; Edigio Paia Shylla (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,Kh)551* of Sacred Heart Secondary School,Byndihati; U Hamebansan Marpna (E,M,S&T,SSc, CSc,Kh)550* of All Saints’ Diocesan Higher Secondary School,Shillong; Felicia Dan (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,Kh)550* of Jaintia Secondary School, Jowai; U Richborn Diviny Ora (E,M,S&T,SSc,CSc,Kh) 549* of St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School,Shillong,U Ar Meker Marpna (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,Kh)548* St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School,Shillong. Anthony's Higher Secondary School,Shillong; 548* Anderson Higher Secondary School, Nongstoin; by Tofany Suchiang (E,M,S&T, SSc, HPE,Kh)548* A private Institution, by Dibya Sundar Banerjee (M,S& T,SSc,CSc,H)548* of Sherwood School,Tura; of Sanskriti Kumari Mishra (E,M,S& T,SSc,CSc,H)548* Sherwood School,Tura; of Tanisha Das (E,M,S&T ,SSc,CSc,H) 548 of Sherwood School,Tura; U Omor Faruk Sk (M,S&T,SSc,HPE,As) 548 Jawaharlal Nehru Higher Secondary School, Phulbari; U Sohan Bhattacharjee (E,M,S&T, SSc,CSc,Ae) 547 of All Saints’ Diocesan Higher Secondary School,Shillong; by Nakisaphi Lalremruati Pautu (E,M,S&T,SSc, HPE,Ae) 547 of St.Margaret’s Higher Secondary School, Shillong; U Mehedy Hasan Mollah (E,M,S&T,SSc,HPE,As) 547 Jawaharlal Nehru Higher Secondary School,Phulbari.
Nongdawah CC won by 44 runs against Laitjem CC and Sohra Combine CC beat Cricket Smit by five wickets.
This is serious work.
What is more sad is that the village authorities did not visit them until they returned to the village, after the expiration of the detention period.
• Provision of transportation facilities for vaccination centers and storage facilities for these vaccines.
SHILLONG: The Central Executive Council (CEC) of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) in its meeting held on 29th July 2019 at its office has decided to add more members to the CEC as part of strengthening the CEC. At this meeting, all the members of the CEC unanimously approved to add Iashanborlang Mukhim, Leader of KSU Malki Circle, Reuben. Najiar, leader of KSU Laban Circle and former member of KSU NEHU Unit, James Hitler Mawphniang, former president of KSU NEHU Unit, Pynkmenlang Sanmiet, former president of KSU NEHU Unit. He is the leader of the KSU Shella Unit and at the same time the current President of the KSU NEHU Unit.
Brazil scored the only goal in the 76th minute through Renato Augusto.
So far, the Congress party has received 57 candidates from these 60 constituencies, while in three constituencies, the party has yet to look into the best candidate. can ticket.
From these three persons, police have also seized computer equipment and other items.
In the next four years, the public will see South Korean dramas, series and films released through Netflix and perhaps through this it will benefit the company and at the same time South Korea is the same.
After finding that the roadsides and footpaths were filled again, the journalists who visited the area were able to talk to the residents of these areas about the police raid. The KHADC, but the answer received from the people is that it is just a secret game between the KHADC and the land owners.
The reporter spoke to M Sun, from Marbisu Mawsmai and GW Langstieh, from Laitbynter, who witnessed the incident and who are still waiting for the incident. see again this wonderful and wonderful picture in their minds.
Balaji, who was arrested by the Enforcement Directorate, is undergoing treatment at a government hospital in Chennai.
He said that although the Congress has not yet released the Manifesto, the requirements to be included in the Manifesto will be included soon.
Shillong, June 20: The Khan National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) on Friday distributed leaflets near schools across Shillong to raise awareness among the people regarding the demand for the The Vice President of KHNAM, Bah Thomas Passah, said that the Government should abolish the personal interview in the recruitment of government posts in Group-B, C and D. “Since 2016, the Government of India, through an Office Memorandum, has decided to abolish the personal interview when applying for government posts in Group-B, C and D. States in India have taken the same step on the basis that it is necessary to eliminate illegal recruitment, recruitment through the recognition of Government Ministers, recognition of persons in authority, and registration through money laundering, so that young people will not be deprived of their rights.
Before awarding the awards to the Sub Inspectors who have excelled in this training, a parade was held with the participation of the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswas Sharma and the Sub Inspector of Police at the March Pass gave a salute to the Chief Minister for this position which they have been able to hold and fulfill as stipulated by the government.
FKJGP Information and Publicity Secretary Eldie N Lyngdoh said that the curfew will be in force for all three nights in all 11 districts of the state.
During the meeting, Puri also spoke about the projects under the Atal Mission for Rejuvenation and Urban Transformation (AMRUT) and from this scheme he said that Shillong will no longer lack electricity or water supply. Internet and other facilities.
Jowai: The Executive Member in charge of Taxation, Wining Garland Sungoh together with the Executive Member in charge of Political Department, today held a meeting with more than 30 Rangbah Shnongs especially those Rangbah Shnongs. Villages of those villages which are located in the commercial areas such as Ladrymbai, Phramer, Khliehriat and others.
They come from the clear, the slopes and the rashing hills of Lum Shyllong.
We fight and struggle with God and also with His Spirit for the improvement and rebuilding of the whole universe.
The leading Congress candidates who have never won since they contested the elections have lost, and some of them who have never won since they came out to contest the elections have lost. Chaudhary Mateen Ahmed from Seelampur, Prahlad Singh Sawhney from Chandi Chowk, Haroon Yusuf from Ballimaran and Shoaib Iqbal from Okhla have been defeated.
If the ministers and leaders are pious, why don't they go to the churches in Shillong to ask for God's blessings before they take over their duties? Why turn the Secretariat and the Prime Minister's residence into a house of worship? Prayer is a personal matter.
Therefore, the KSU, following the old example, has decided to improve this bridge to pass on to the future generations.
The program was concluded with a welcome speech by the General Secretary of Nongkrem Youth Development Association, Bah Empower Warbah.
Regarding the parking lot of the vehicles of the brothers and sisters and the guidelines to be followed, he appealed to all the brothers and sisters who will attend the ceremony to follow the guidelines so that the ceremony will be smooth. walk orderly.
After further expansion and improvements, it was completed and for about several years it has been in operation.
One day, while her second son, who used to call her beloved at Deng's house, she met a boy who had dropped out of school only in class IX. They bottle alcohol, plastic water to earn money.
The Assam Government wants to improve the education of the children as well as the teachers,” said Babu Kular.
He said that those who have suffered losses through this police violence should receive compensation from the government.
The meeting recalled the incidents against Christians in our country which include hate speech, persecution and violence against individual believers and groups including destruction and destruction. respect buildings and places of worship.
He also suggested that the students should have the opportunity to participate in the activities which showcase the skills or customs, traditions of the different ethnic groups of the country, 'so that the minds and that they can better understand inter-ethnic relations within the country'
In order to carry out the work that the government has for the development of the community, employees who have the knowledge or skills in the level of education required by the work are required.
The most commonly grown crop in the state is rice.
“The MUDA issue has been going on since 2011, I haven't been a government minister but they say it's Bah Ronnie. “I am the Minister of Urban Affairs,” said Bah RV Lyngdoh.
Anger over the Mukroh incident and the inaction of the Government led by the NPP, UDP, BJP, PDF, HSPDP and Independents will intensify and may lead to riots. Shillong and other parts of the State where they have never lived before.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong will face Kerala Blasters in the final of the U-18 Youth League on Saturday after beating East Bengal 2-0 in the final of the JN Stadium Polo. , Shillong.
In fact, the 35-year-old had expected to stay another 10 years with the Spanish club, but due to an injury suffered in the 2022-23 season and missed out on the He was sent to France for the World Cup in Qatar due to another injury.
In Nongpoh Constituency, Mayralborn Syiem from the UDP won with 14,940 votes, while Congress candidate Rona Khymdeit received 8,254 votes. Macdalyne S. Mawlong, NPP candidate, came in fourth place with 7446 votes.
The G20 should support this.
Khliehriat, July 18:It is interesting to know that Tymmenbasan (Tbn) Bah Kor Sutnga, is an elderly man from Umkiang village, East Jaintia Hills District who is able to provide for all the needs of his family and send them to school. He has been selling shana since 2004. The people of the area who buy shana from him call him 'Shana Kor' and this shana kor is very famous in Umkiang and almost the whole Narpuh area.
He said that after the reconciliation, Bamon (Teacher) has promised to come back to teach as usual. He said that the Shnong has also promised to take responsibility if anything happens to Bamon (Teacher). ) during her teaching tour.
If you don't know the father of the Khasi people, you don't have a different name.
It can be said that the elections in those days were slow.
The offline registration form can be obtained from Majaw Store Nongpoh, Jason Nongrum Shop, RJN Sports Umsning, Rimi Studio Sumer, Ochwa Fast Food. Sumer, Tyngshain Shop Bhoirymbong, and Anju Veg Shop Lad Umsaw (NEPA).
It is not difficult to know and find the truth, because God is the Truth and it is He – He Himself who created man.
Shillong, July 13: The attack on the Pathankot Army base has affected the state. The first step taken by the Army is to ban the flow of people to the tourist spot. you are on Lum Shyllong.
He said that police have arrested some people involved in this robbery and will soon launch a search operation for them.
Police have raised this issue after a man was shot dead in a jhur market in Iewduh on Saturday after a riot in Ichamati, Shella constituency.
“It seems that the chairman's speech and behavior is more towards the opposition,” said Bah Teinwel.
Pius is the brother of Nasar Marwein, MDC of the UDP, who passed away.
The rally will be held tomorrow at Amlarem (stand Padu) from 10 am to 5 pm.
Let’s turn to the Election.
Our youth should be prepared to share their knowledge and skills with others according to the demands of the time.
North Korea has passed a new law in November last year, which states that those who smuggle these gifts, made in South Korea, will have to work hard for up to 15 years. in the prisons of that country or they may be shot dead.
The State Government, the District Council together with the Sengbhalang should take all necessary measures to protect their own country and nation from the infiltration and invasion of other ethnic groups and foreigners. states and foreign countries.
On the 16th, when people were allowed to go shopping, I also went with two people. I don't believe ei ei what I'm commanded to stay away from each other.
Shillong, July 16, 2015: Sweety Nongkhlaw, a woman who has applied for a birth certificate from the Municipal Board, has taken 11 days to get the birth certificate. has been received until 27th June, 2015, although in its certificate, it shows that all the works have been completed and a certificate has been issued by the Senior Medical and Health Officer Gr I Registrar of Birth & Death, Shillong Medical Board only one day after the application was submitted on 17th June.
Mizoram beat Rajasthan 7-0 to retain the top spot in Group-F. Meghalaya scored the first goal through a penalty shot by Mebanaibok Kharbudnah in the 26th minute.
This increase in electricity bill has happened across Jaintia Hills and the price of electricity has increased by two or three percent from what they used to pay.
Human memory is short.
It is to be recalled that the State Government has earlier provided details regarding the relocation of 342 households living in Them Metor to the Shillong Municipal Board.
Shillong, July 13: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today inspected the accommodation of the athletes for the 2024 Meghalaya Games at Tura Christian College. accommodations for the players.
Dr. L. Lyngdoh, Chairperson, Silver Jubilee Celebration Committee Inspection of PHC gave the closing remarks.
Other leaders from various religious groups also delivered speeches on the occasion.
For this reason, many candidates once they have lost, it is difficult for them to recover because what they say during the election does not match.
Regarding the implementation of the scheme in West Khasi Hills, the Deputy Commissioner, Bah PD Sangma today announced this at a short meeting held at the Conference Hall of his office.
Shillong: The price of electricity has increased from 1st June
These kurs came from Mawroh, Umjakoid, Jaidoh, Mawnar, Mawliehbah, Mawlangdep and neighboring villages.
He has close ties with the leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC).
“If AMPSRA works with the chicken farmers in the state, it will not face any problem or shortage of chickens,” said Bah Lyngdoh and urged the AMPSRA to change its working methods to sell only to chicken farmers. They are not produced in Meghalaya.
Many of the villages of Mawlai have suffered severely due to the negligence of the Government on issues related to Marten and the violation of the rules of the Municipal Board especially the Bio-Medical Waste Management Rules. , 2016.
Speaking on the occasion, the BJP leaders said that the reason why they left the BJP and joined the Congress was after they found the incompleteness and distrust of the system. At the same time, they said that after becoming the leaders of other parties, they found that only the Congress is the right party to work whether it is to bring about the development and the welfare as well.
He said that this day is a memorable day in the political history of the state because there has never been a cooperation between the ethnic parties before the elections and the decision today will be good news for the people of the state. Khasi and Jaintia as expected when these two political parties came to an agreement.
ISIS militants, who have killed 21 Christians, have threatened to march to Rome to attack the city, the capital of the Catholic Church.
Meanwhile, Rangdajied beat Shillong Lajong 4-3 in the tie breaker.
There are also many Agriculture-Farming apps such as CROPSAP, Crop Pest Surveillance and Advisory Project, WEB and Mobile application for Crop Pest Surveillance and Advisory Project Management System, Horticulture Hub MIS application for collect daily statistics such as sales, training of farmers, collect receipts and manage inventory.
The destruction of forests is like a chronic disease in the human body, because man does not understand the impact of the destruction of the environment and is satisfied with his actions, but we forget that the destruction The environment is gradually affecting the longbriew human beings, especially the future.
One hundred and fifty-five years ago John Ruskin proposed: “To regulate agriculture, trade, to respect the workers and to give them their rights.
AICC General Secretary for Meghalaya Luzinho Faleiro had met with party leaders last month and denied that Dr Mukul Sangma would resign. it is the house of the Congress party.
Besides these government officials and judges, the residents of Pynthor, Mynsai, Lum Syntung and Umden Umbathiang and those with disabilities also attended the event. member also.
The AJYWO said, “Let us celebrate this Behdeiñkhlam with humility, with knowledge and also with gratitude to the Tre-Ki-Rot Nongbuh Nongpynlong for all these blessings to us all. together in our daily lives.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Meghalaya by eight wickets in the Vijay Hazare Trophy in Chennai on Saturday. Arunachal Pradesh belongs to this group.
When inquired from the Mawshynrut Block office, it was found that the government has not sent the money as it has sent to other Block.
?"Kmie Rida's mother also listened.
However, it is sad to see that many of the farmers who used to work hard to plant crops to earn a living, but when it is time to harvest, they sell. Agricultural products have to be sold at a high price, while other vegetables or crops imported from outside the state have a reasonable price.
Dulong and Rising Mukhla won the Independence Day Cup Under-17 and Third Division Football tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Tuesday.
On the other hand, Bah Marcus Marten, President of the HNYF, Northern Region, said that the HNYF strongly condemns this exploitation by Aisail N. Sangma, together with the agents who tried to sell the land. bag is not right.
I praise DD Lapang but I don't have any responsibility whether he wins or loses, because these days the people are waiting for the money who gives more money on the day of voting.
Rub 2 tigers.
The celebration will start at 3 pm at the State Convention Center with the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma as the chief guest.
Speaking on the BUILD programme, Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma said that the citizens of Meghalaya are ready to work together as a nation and the citizens have a role to play. great to improve the society.
This Policy aims to improve the quality of health services and ensure that the services of specialist doctors reach those in need.
In South Garo Hills, 6 in South West Garo Hills.
The order also states that only those who have been identified by the government will be admitted to NEIGRHIMS and those who follow them will be quarantined for 14 days.
“Come to the Government, I will listen, I am here to listen,” she said.
The TMC also said that the MDA government has been well known for the lack of construction and development works and asked about the construction of the Rongjeng-Mangsang-Adokgre road in East Garo Hills, which has not been implemented. between the reminders from the opposition.
The number of cases in Maharashtra has risen to 19,063, with 1,089 new cases reported today and 784 in Mumbai alone.
“We know that there is a District Level Committee on Drug Abuse and we have discussed (with the Minister) that the District Level Committee on Drug Abuse should be re-established and that the Deputy Commissioner should be the Chairman. The Social Welfare Officer shall be the Member Secretary and shall include the youth of the village.
Yea, we are found false witnesses of God; because we have testified of God that he raised up Christ: whom he raised not up, if so be that the dead rise not. If the dead are not raised?
This is a feeling that we need to ask when we read the history of time because this is a question to build for the happiness of our society as a nation and the people of the state.
KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar said that the Minister of Home Affairs has confirmed that the government will look into the matter.
It is clear that although the NPP has only been in existence for a few months in Sohra constituency, it has been found that the party has grown steadily and is increasing with the passing of the days.
According to the order, Justice SR Sen directed the Registrar General of the High Court of Meghalaya to file a case under Article 215, 266 of the Constitution under the Contempt of Court Act, Adelbert Nongrum's statement was found to be insulting to the Court.
The vehicle was driven by Kermiki Sungoh and witnesses said that it was the fault of the driver of the vehicle. when you drive the car.
Pastor LS Nongphlang has also led the PCI to other countries such as the Netherlands, Bangladesh and other countries.
“If the power is used properly, our youth will immediately turn away from drugs,” he said.
Jowai, Jymmang 10: U Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of State for Electricity and other Affairs, today inaugurated the Rasongsli Nursing Home. Ha Amshipai, Amlarem, West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday.
There was also an exhibition of seeds of all kinds of plants and prizes were awarded to the winners.
Speaking to media on the electricity shortage, the Chief Minister said, “During the elections we could not arrange the load shedding, and so we have done the load shedding under this the month of January.
After the HNYF discovered this fraud, the HNYF has suspended the construction of this road and informed the PWD department and also to meet with the company. The Chief Engineer of PWD to check the documents of the company.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Mukul said that the Congress Leader Vincent H Pala's praise to the Government for taking action on the issue of high level of He said he wants to join the National People's Party (NPP).
She said that the Chief Secretary has not yet given any promise but has listened to their demand and said that he will look into their demand.
On the 24th of October, the child, who is from Upper New Nongstoiñ, had gone for a walk with his father in Nongpoh, but was injured while playing. and his children, after he entered the transformer and was caught in the electrical shock until he was seriously injured.
Shillong, Nailur 08 : The opposition Congress MDCs in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) have alleged that the government's intention to implement the CrPC and CPC across the state will inevitably turn into a nightmare for all the people. Court of the District Council.
“If the government feels that the urgent reason for the extension is the division of villages into constituencies before the elections, the government has to explain clearly what the reason is. urgently on the need for the re-division of these villages"
The 83,000 cases are the highest number of cases in India in a single day.
The District Magistrate (DM) of West Khasi Hills, Bah Garod LSN Dykes, IAS, today said that under section 144 CrPC, he has issued an order ban ban the registration of children and excessive gatherings. to 5 people.
The Swimming Pool will be held at the Cronoline Swimming Pool.
Shillong: About 40 MLAs from the state have left for Delhi to take part in a training on legislative activities which was held from 1st to 3rd July.
The village road in Niriang will be constructed at a cost of T.1, 20, 87,000/-, Sabahmuswang T.2 crore, Mihmyntdu which has been constructed at a cost of T.5 crore through RIDF XXVII. 13,50,000/- The bridge to connect Kiang Nangbah Road and Thomas Jones Synod College Road at the cost of T.80 lakh and the road Demthring-Sohmynting-Moodymmai at a cost of T.45 crore.
The training started on the 20th of this month in collaboration with the Myntdu River Cleanliness and the Myntdu Farmers Welfare & Producers Organization.
Then at Police Bazaar, Jail Road, Keating Road, Polo.
We also suggest to the government that if it has such a plan it should work together with the village headmen because the villages can also improve if the government works together and should not be handed over to them. HYM Sohra Circle President Demingstar Larngap said in a statement.
Of course, it is very good to speak many languages ​​of this world because it will be easier to travel here and there.
Because it seems and feels that the ancient Khasi chiefs also used to include the Dkhars and Lyngkien in the Khasi race which did not exist.
This is a warning to all political parties to be careful before giving tickets to anyone, lest they fall into the trap of bseiñ who will turn the party around until it stops when they fall into the trap of the party. establish.
There are 154 cases in East Khasi Hills, 115 cases in West Khasi Hills, 13 cases in West Khasi Hills, 13 cases in Ribhoi District, 9 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 8 cases in East Jaintia Hills and 8 cases in West Garo Hills. .
He said that there were three beautiful young women, who used to sit with him and he used to mark them by lighting a torchlight and as soon as he saw the mark, these young women, They went looking for beautiful women and took them to the room where he lived and it was also said that there were many occasions when he himself went to different rooms to see the beautiful young women who they shall lodge with him, saith Sachar.
The launch of the drone was held at Mulieh village, West Jaintia Hills District, the village of Padmashri Trinity Saioo, one of the women who won the Lakadong shynrai farming.
He urged the people to think carefully before making a decision, lest they change later.
However, isn't it the duty of each and every one of us as citizens of the state to have that spirit to see that as a nation we get the right to protection?
There is also a law which has not been implemented yet, the Prevention of Illicit Trafficking in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances 1988 because there is no Advisory Board. The Chairman of the State Consumer Council has also agreed to be the Chairman of the Advisory Board and this Act can be implemented.
In another incident, BSF troops of 43 Battalion conducted a raid with Meghalaya Police on the border of South Garo Hills and arrested a Bangladeshi who tried to enter the country illegally. The incident occurred at the Indian border with the intention of smuggling smuggled goods from India to Bangladesh.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today convened a meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs of Shillong to explain to them the rules and regulations for the issuance of No Objection Certificates by the Dorbar Shnongs. with Trading Licence.
The ceremony was attended by Rev. Fr. Jose.
Although all the belongings in the building were destroyed in the fire, no accidents or injuries were reported.
The Chief Minister also urged the residents of the border area to allow for development projects, whether they come from Assam or Meghalaya.
An explanation was also given on how to be clean especially to protect the environment by not spreading plastic to all the police personnel and their relatives.
During this competition, the participants had the opportunity to showcase their talents and fighting spirit which will greatly promote sports activities in the area.
"This is still the first event, we'll probably have more events," he said.
According to the evidence received by the AJYWO, it was found that the Nepali, whose name has not been released, has appointed himself as Rangbah Shnong and has agreed to issue a Permanent Residential Certificate. a Nepali who does not want to apply for military service.
Meghalaya will prepare to face Chattisgarh at 3 pm tomorrow.
On September 23, 2013, a woman, Pris Suchiang, from Donaskur, Jaintia Hills, who was involved in the trade with Bangladeshis, was raped in the morning on her own land on the Bangladesh border. which is lyngkhot lyngkhai by strangers who pretend to be friends.
However, the DGP said, “I don't know anything about the investigation.
The farmers demanded the full implementation of the loan amnesty promised by Fadnavis last year and the full implementation of the approval of the MS Swaminathan Commission, in which the government should pay more than 50% of the price spent by the farmers and the right to the farmers to own their own farmland and to pay compensation to the farmers who suffer from drought.
Shillong: To take part in the campaign to provide information and explanations to the public on the vaccine to prevent the spread of Covid 19 without the need for the public to go anywhere.
They said that this is the first time that a Nepali has visited Garo villages, as for decades until now no Nepali has visited Garo villages.
Hearing the PIL, a Division Bench comprising Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice B Bhattacharjee said that the condition of roads in the state is not good and the complaint is not due to heavy rainfall. rainfall, maintenance costs and for that reason maintenance is slow and stops during heavy rainfall.
“It is the initiative of Bah Banteidor as Minister and the facts are as it appears in the media that Bah Banteidor has gone to Delhi to talk to the higher authorities of the Government of India to release the fertilizer quota. to the State,” said Mr. Harkin.
The coronavirus has affected the border troops in these days.
Leaders of AJSU, HSU and HYC said that these two persons who renewed the challans for 35,000 metric tonnes of coal are not from the NGT list.
Imphal: A court in Manipur has ordered a well-known model in the state, Yambem Puni, to pay T.70 lakh as compensation to her husband for living with her husband. and thou shalt have thy own husband.
In 2018, a program of ABP News channel called “Master Stroke” hosted by Punya Prasun Bajpai was blacked out because Bajpai in his programme, showed the truth against the claims of others about the success of the schemes of the Modi government.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The State Government has improved 25 sports grounds in the State under the Mission Football Scheme at a cost of T.121 lakh.
The compensation is T.5,20,29,740 for the military land, and T.41,43,571 for the 16 land owners,” said Dr Laloo.
Nongpoh: U Timothy Shira, Symbud Lamphang, Government of Meghalaya, today inaugurated the 1st Garo Literature and Cultural Festival. The Achik Literature and Cultural Committee, which was held at Rangsokona Village, Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi District, was also a sign of pride for the preservation of our culture and traditions.
“I feel like dying to see this film.
The UGC subsequently ordered the college management to take action on the incident.
Alexander said that he was afraid to stay beside her while she was dressed and he could no longer hear the sound of her clothes. she cooked, during the phone call and he didn't even want to spend time, as she did, being in front of the iit every morning.
“The parties in the MDA government have always denied that the BJP is attacking the minorities, but the incidents in recent days have witnessed the BJP's attacks on the minorities,” he said.
All schools will be brought under inspection and it will have to be shown that the schools are not run for profit.
He is currently in the middle of his studies to complete his Post Graduation Diploma in Environmental Sustainability Development from IGNOU, New Delhi.
“So this now depends on the government," he said.
This is according to a statement by Bah KB Nongbri, Rangbah Shnong.
At this step, the hall was filled with many people who came from all over the country to take part in the protest against the appointment of the MDC shu sieh.
He said that the KHADC is in charge of the customs and traditions, but now the government has come to interfere with its functions. “There is no point in having a district council if the government interferes with its functions. The district council is the strongest force but the interference of the government seems to want to interfere with the work of the district council. destroy it completely".
On the other hand, Coming said to the Andhra officials that if there is a ban on the purchase of Andhra fish, the loss is not to Meghalaya but to their state.
“There were 3,4 people who shot about 4 times at my car.
He said that the election of the MLA candidate depends on the decision of the voters themselves whom to elect and no one can force or even sell their vote just because of the vote. currency.
Lydia's father also held tightly to his sword, thinking that he would be able to survive.
Meanwhile, another rich businessman in the state, SS Paul, has expressed his feelings on the NDA government. He said that the government has only 10 years and it is difficult for him to criticize the working methods of the NDA government. central government.
Kharkamni said that this action of these Karbi rebels, will make the KSU, to think differently, because there are many Karbi people, who live in Ri Bhoi and who do not There is no one who is faithful, in their work.
On the 20th June, the Dorbar Shnong Lumkya has ordered the District Council to remove the gate, due to the failure of the JHADC under the leadership of Ma Thombor Shiwat, CEM, CFO, Ma Blah and the head of the forest department.
The Minister acknowledged that the MP of Tura has played a major role in the implementation of Central Government schemes in the State.
He completed his BA Honors in English Literature and received a Gold Medal in that subject and later completed his MA from Pune University.
From this it has led to the destruction, that our children have not received that full education from their parents, and there will be many children, fatherless children, and seeking to destroy the seed that is brought forth without blood.
Conrad, strongly criticizing Dr Mukul Sangma for trying to change politics and hold issue elections on the border issue, said, “These are not issues to be taken advantage of. the state and other issues belonging to the people.
He said the mid-term elections have strengthened the MDA and will strengthen its allies.
The Congress has also promised to provide free education to girls from Primary to Grade XII. This is to help girls to achieve their goals. purpose.
Therefore, we request the Chief Executive Members not to issue Pata/NoC on land so that the authorities will not be able to become landlords in Meghalaya,” said Bah Anthony.
Furthermore, this will also be done within a team headed by the Chief Officer in charge including the MLA of the area, the Deputy Development Commissioner (DDC) and the Circle Officer (CO) to monitor the implementation of the project. appointment and issue many orders for the applicants according to their rights.
“The meeting recalled the incidents against Christians in our country including hate speech, persecution and violence against individual believers and groups including destruction and destruction. Respect buildings and places of worship.
However, if there is a lack of consensus, if some groups of people want to stay in Meghalaya and some want to go to Assam, that will be a good way to resolve this issue,” he said. state.
At the same time, NCERT has covered two topics, Logic Gates and Transistors.
Speaking after receiving the award, Stella expressed her surprise and honor to receive this award, which she did not expect.
In Upper Shillong, a traffic jam was held in the morning due to the rally of the PDF candidate Teilinia Thangkhiew from Mylliem constituency. , has held a meeting at Mylliem Lum at Maweitnai.
Those daju who unload goods from trucks carrying food or other non-food items earn a lot of money and it's accurate,” said the mother. “It will be found because there is a Khasi daju whom you know well,” said the mother. “It's enough and I'll change your behavior so that you won't suffer anymore,” said the son.
“The Umiam Stage-I Dam is not only a stone and copper building but a lifeline that provides electricity to households, factories and the development of the state.
Another demand is that the government should fix a Fixed Honorarium of T.1000 tyngka, and at present they say that the government should pay T. .150 for the Preview Meeting at PHCs or CHCs, T.150 for the Village Health and Sanitation Nutrition Committee (VHSNC), and T.200 for the Village. Health Nutrition Day (VHND), and the Register which costs T.500 tyngka, but they said that the fee is T.150 per day if the ASHAs miss one of the meetings.
According to a statement sent by Seiborlang Diengdoh, General Secretary of HYC Shella, the worst affected area is Kher Pyrkan. The village and also the road constructed through the SPV Society.
He said the BJP wants to bring about economic development and the people should understand that its goal is only economic development and nothing else.
“Imat, my son, you don't understand what I mean...” said Kong Maya in her heart.
“We have accepted the decision of the State Election Committee that the BJP will contest but we are still waiting for the decision of the party,” he said.
The three Sengbhalang also urged both sides to reach a peace agreement and to end immediately this conflict which has not brought any benefit to the nation.
The Act allows Hindus and other religions to immigrate to India from neighboring countries.
The Raid Nonglyngdoh and RBTEDF have also put forward many priority needs to improve the area from road, water supply, tourist accommodation and others which were also presented to the Minister.
He said that in the past months, the price of umphniang tin has been T.1950/- tyngka while yesterday it has reached T.2200/-. In the past few months, it has been T.1700/- while yesterday it was T.1800/-.
Dr. Jain also mentioned the fact that the entire North East region has gas resources and the arrival of pipelines from distant places and the CGD network will be a memorable event for the country. part of the North East region on this issue.
That pandemic lasted for 3 years.
Twelve Polish MLAs who did not agree with the decision of the AICC to appoint Bah Vincent Pala as President have fled to the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) overnight. I don't want to fall because the four MLAs are still in power inside the party.
“The authorities are still investigating the food consumed by these children to find out the root cause.
He said that although they are only drivers, they cannot help but express their concern over the government's failure to improve the road which is filled with snow and ice. The Association of Auto Drivers has urged the government to take action to improve the road, so that it will be convenient for the people living in the area.
The village should also cooperate with this group for the benefit of all.
He also inaugurated by video conference the seven cancer hospitals in Assam which are located in Dibrugarh, Barpeta, Tezpur, Jorhat, Lakhimpur, Kokrajhar and Darrang.
If the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA).
In East Khasi Hills, 51 cases, West Garo Hills 41 cases, Ribhoi District 4 cases, South Garo Hills 3 cases, East Jaintia Hills 2 cases, North Garo Hills, South West Garo Hills and West Khasi Hills respectively.
The party wishes its leader a healthy body and through his selflessness the spirit of patriotism will spread to all the youth who are still sleeping. She also urged the people to give their right hand and left hand in any need of the party.
Those who violate this notice will be punished under the Indian Penal Code, Aircraft Act 1934, Aircraft Rules 1937 or other provisions of the Act.
Lajong are followed by Indian Arrows with four points from seven games.
Custom: In the Khasi custom, when a husband or wife dies, the husband has to leave the house and find a new caretaker or wife.
However, if they speak against all these things, they become enemies and call them racists and may be punished.
The tournament started with Lamyrsiang beating Latyrke 2-1
The slaughterhouse can slaughter about 160 cows, 240 pigs and 240 goats per day and this will be done according to modern equipment.
Titosstarwell said that along with many other issues, the RDA has also set a goal to advocate to the central government to recognize the traditional religions so that they can get the same benefits as other minorities.
It was during this 1000 years that the Israelites would recognize that Jesus Christ was the King of the Jews, their King, the Messiah they had rejected.
How many of these teacher training centers can accept?
He said that it is not easy to hire only a few employees because the area borders with Assam where trucks drive to avoid paying taxes to the KHADC. The gate at Umling in Ri-Bhoi has not been counted yet.
“Social Media has its advantages and disadvantages, but when we use it we must be vigilant and avoid sharing and telling everything about our lives,” said Bah Arki. Awareness training on Social Media was held by the Women's Church of Jowai Presbytery at the District Library Auditorium, Jowai on Tuesday.
She said the government has now allocated more funds in the field of health and hopes that this will be fully implemented in the state as a whole.
On the last day in Jowai, the Blei Durga was immersed in parts of the Myntdu River with a risa. that thou mayest cleanse it to morrow.
It is believed that the fire broke out due to a mistake, which occurred at the site, while the church was being repaired.
With the participation of Bihar Chief Minister and JD(U) leader Nitish Kumar, senior leaders of 15 political parties including Congress President Mallikarjun Kharge, Chief Minister Delhi, Arvind Kejriwal, West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee, former Congress MP Rahul Gandhi, NCP leader Sharad Pawar and others attended a meeting today to discuss the issue. preparation for the Lok Sabha elections.
Believe it or not, you are alone.
At the same time, he denied the allegation that the child was raped at his son's hotel in Rilbong by saying, “It is not true that I was raped at the hotel owned by my relatives”.
The meeting was conducted by Riwanki Laloo, Member WWC Loomkyrwiang. Chairperson WWC Loomkyrwiang Kongka Shullai explained the progress of the Women's Welfare Committee.
Therefore, the organization in this fight and to help the youth who have become addicted to drugs, in collaboration with the relatives of those who have become addicted to these illegal beverages, has been able to train and Two youths were taken to a hospital near Guwahati, Assam on the 19th of this month.
Mary, who was there, was moved with pity for the family.
Tynsong said that in the past months, the department has worked well in that even in the dry months, the department has not turned off the electricity, but now due to unavoidable reasons, the department has not turned off the electricity. blackouts have to be implemented in the state.
He said that if Dr Mukul Sangma is a terrible leader and former Chief Minister of the state, the NGT has ordered the ban. He has led the State Government for 8 years and he knows better than others.
“Of course, we are happy that women will get quotas but there are 2 areas that are dangerous and cannot be achieved in the 2024 elections.
He said how these people get ration cards from RR Colony when they are from Tripura.
Shibun said the BJP Meghalaya has not received any news from the party in Delhi or the NDA government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Uranium mining in this state.
Pressure group: means pressure group - a group of people.
The Academy of the school has office bearers including the President, Principal, and other members.
On the other hand, President Dapmain Suchiang has strongly opposed those who take advantage of the lockdown during this time of lockdown.
Children under 2 years of age should be weighed monthly at health centers to monitor whether their growth is normal.
However, at the E&E Point, this is not possible.
Bah Riban said that the Kur has a goal to try to build or build this place to be able to install the machinery in relation to the building the house.
The Home Ministry is in talks with various groups of the Rajya Sabha to get a common approval through a middle path of all the members of the House.
The Aatmanirbhar Bharat Rojgar Yojana has been implemented by the government through EPFO ​​to benefit entrepreneurs and create new job opportunities and so far about 60 lakh people have received benefits worth nearly T. crore," said the Minister while addressing the gathering.
KHNAM Spokesperson THS Bonney said that the government ministers don't know the suffering of the railway line because they themselves don't see the railway line. “They don't know and don't see,” he said.
Therefore, before the month of June, the month of bajur lyer, they try to cover traw, rshiang or tynriew to renovate and strengthen the houses, the gardens and clean the sharud ka shakiar and root siej so that they do not catch fire. to avoid the fire of the houses, to keep the village safe because the month following the month of June is the month of the strongest storm.
The purpose of publishing this book is to teach, enrich and preserve the language in writing.
There is also a road from Huroi to Hailankandi in Assam to pass through the government forest and this is longer because the Forest Department is more vigilant.
“This is because the Deputy Commissioner is still investigating the border line, we are trying to find out how many villages have been inhabited by Khasi and how many villages have been inhabited by Khasi. Carbs.
Shillong, Nailur 7: A youth, Boiki Gatphoh, 23, of Ummulong Police Outpost, Wahiajer, West Jaintia Hills District, has been missing since a month. Last month, no information has been received on the whereabouts of this young man.
It is learned that the quarrying has resumed in Maujpur and Brahmpur this morning.
Furthermore, according to the order, in this regard, the plaintiff has informed the questions raised by the Union Ministry of Mines on 2nd October 2022 and has not responded. of these nine companies have not answered these questions in relation to the possession of any mining licenses.
When they had harvested them, they took them to the field and planted them there.
In 2020, the Government amended the Excise Act and included the production and sale of wines produced by landowners in its provisions.
There was also an exhibition of equipment by various government departments and awards were distributed to the winners of the Tirot Singh, Pa Togan N Sangma and Kiang Nangbah Awards.
“Whether it is ministry, let us do it; whether it is teaching, let him do it; or he that exhorteth, on exhortation; he that exhorteth, on exhortation: let him do it with cheerfulness: he that ruleth, with patience: he that sheweth mercy, with cheerfulness” (Romans 12:7, 8). God bless you all.
Earlier this year, the sports department had urged Singh to resign so that the investigation could be conducted.
“To discuss this issue in preparation for the election, the BJP leadership in the state will soon hold a meeting with the parties in the MDA government,” he said. .
They demanded that the MLAs of Amlarem and Pynursa should take action to ensure the improvement of the road.
Shillong: The turnout in Mowkaiaw Constituency has reached 92.73 percent, the highest turnout in all the 59 constituencies.
This will benefit both the KHADC and the authorities,” he added.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Bah Phren Kongwang, has informed the Sordar of Mukertila District that if the government does not take action to improve and clean up the road from Lad Umsyiem to Dawki, the residents of Mukertila District will be affected. They will stand in the middle of the road to block all the vehicles passing through the road and only those market vehicles carrying passengers will be allowed but the vehicles of tourists will be detained.
During the visit, the KSU leaders under the leadership of General Secretary Samla Donald V. Thabah were welcomed by the Khasi residents of Khadengar.
Amit Shah said that we have no intention of introducing the NRC, this is also a fraudulent scheme of the BJP government because “the NPR will not be implemented from 1st April 2020 to 30th April The 2018-19 Annual Report of the Ministry of Home Affairs, page 262, states that the NPR is the first step of the NRC.
“We have seen a lot of people on this road from Umshyrpi to 7 mer and Banium where it took 2-3 hours to reach Shillong from 7 miles,” said Prestone. message.
WE the residents of Umkiang Village, express our deep gratitude to God the Creator, who has given us the Village Authorities who have a vision for the good and peace of the Village.
Bah Sadon urged the people to forget about the deception and use their intelligence and look to the future of the state and to use the power properly which has been delegated to them for the past five years.
However, this sixth schedule is not enough to protect our nation.
Delivering the keynote address, these leaders from Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, President of the PDF, Bah Roswell Shadap and also leaders of the party including Bah JB Basaiawmoit and Bah AL Nonglait, The main topic of discussion was to strengthen the PDF party not only in Mawhati Constituency but in the state as a whole.
Johannesburg authorities on Friday morning recovered a body from the center of Johannesburg after an unidentified explosion on the road last night.
He also hoped that through this, the people will receive blessings in terms of better health care.
The KSU Sohra has lodged a complaint with the CEM of KHADC to immediately stop the BSF from searching for land in the area.
The earth has been filled with violence.
“I was at home and I was talking on the phone to my daughter who is studying in Shillong and at that time I heard the screams of people and I went outside and I saw Helpful and Bunlangki beating Elizar. "It's a wait," said the woman.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: On the 16th of November, Irelyne Rumnong has lodged a phone call with her Facebook friend, who lives in the United Kingdom. parcel to you.
Therefore, the residents of this area have requested the government through the leaders to provide a bridge so that the people of this area can easily walk, carry and transport their goods. It is especially important to transport the sick and injured so that there will be no tragic incident in the future because if you don't travel from side to side of the river only by boats made of wood, you will suffer. it is a danger to the people if the flood comes suddenly.
On this occasion, Executive Member Bah Jansing Tynsong said that the Council has not received any information on this, as no complaint has been received.
Earlier, the Secretary Shnong of Wahrynghaw said that the village has long wanted to have a strong school for the safety of the students as the school is very old and has been established since year 1972.
Iohi-ksan Lyngdoh of Boys HS School won the 100 meter race while North Liberty HS School won the 100 meter race.
Conrad also sent comments on schemes like Jal Jeevan Mission, PMAY, CM Solar Mission, connectivity and urged the DCs, SDOs (civil) to continue to be vigilant in the implementation of projects. .
The development projects in Phudmyrdong village funded by the World Bank include the provision of drinking water, the protection of agricultural fields from flooding in rivers and floods during the floods and also seed banks, rehabilitation of destroyed areas and others.
The statement said that the District Council's action shows that there is something behind it. It said that only the brokers of the company were invited to the hearing on the 16th of November. at 10:30 am in the hall of the MDC Hotel.
Shillong, March 31: KHNAM MDC James Ban Basaiawmoit has demanded that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) should stop issuing new trading licenses to foreigners.
Shillong, July 25: The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC), which is sitting in the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday, promised to set up an Expert Committee to consider and implement the demand for Implementation of Inner Line Permit (ILP) in Meghalaya.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on 17th June said that the state needs to achieve 11.5 percent GDP growth in 10 years to reach the target of 10 billion US dollars. you will receive the book as expected until
Apandanka took another wicket for Paisal Ali (1/11 in 6).
Besides other countless villages in this area, the most important villages in this area are Mawlangsu, Domkohmen, Phodumbah, Lummyrsiang, Mawkohlur, Umsaw, Nginiong, Nongriat and Mawdoh. , Range Sohiong, Kyrshai, Umiong, Mawlasaw, Synñia, Range Sohiong, Kyrshai, Umthli, Dawdigang, Taliponko, Mawrongtein, Sawtalad topic , Nongumbah, Ukiam, Hasem, Waregro, Dolidonga, Borkhuli, Tynghor, Nongthymmai, Nongthymmai, Nongthymmai, Mawkhap, Mawkhap, Mawkhap, Mawjari, and Iew Sangwiang, Iew Sangwiang, and Iew Sangwiang. , Mawdumdumj, Mawdumduj, Nongkhusar, Mawpayier, Lawshnong, Nongkhusar, Mawpayier, Mawpayier , Nongkdait, Ramsngiwar, Sohshynrut, Mawmluh A, Eastern and Southern Mawmluh A, Thiepkseh, Mawroh Nongnah, Mawroh Nongnah, Mawrohm, Domkyreh Doshem, Morocco Mawshad, Mawshad, Mawshad, Iew Rambrai, Marwa, Marwa, Mainop, Mawshad, Nongsiej, Mawkohiew, Stepwan, and Mainop Mawrang, Iew Rambrai, Mawkohiew, and other places. , Mawthaw, Umsiej, Nongshiliang, Mawiawtep, Mawmluh-II and Nongkseh.
The 7th Amlarem Constituency in Amalrem Sub Division, West Jaintia Hills District will be a prosperous constituency, as in the next few days the roads connecting many villages will be completed. water supply and various construction and others.
The TMC said the allegation was baseless and an attempt to make political moves on the incident.
It was also decided that no one should hold office within the party for more than five years and this is to allow new leaders.
Referring to this issue, the Prime Minister said that the government has taken steps to recognize the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India. The House on 27th November 2018, has decided to demand from the Central Government to recognize the Khasi and Garo languages ​​under Article 5 of the Constitution of India.
Article 16 Clause 4(A) 4(B) of the Constitution of India allows the States or State Governments to determine the Reservation Policy.
Shillong, July 11 : The Meghalaya Bharat Scouts and Guides on Saturday conducted a cleanliness drive as part of the celebration of Environment Day.
People who were present at the scene in an interview with this reporter before the funeral could not confirm whose these animals belonged to, but they suspected that they might belong to them. The owners of the houses and the livestock of the neighbours, said that they have not been able to confirm the incident because as soon as the incident happened, they were buried without paying much attention to the livestock.
HANM Jaintia Zone through Pynshngain Papang, Working President HANM Jaintia Zone, said that they attended the meeting as the owners of trucks carrying goods from the dewbilat factories and after facing difficulties in getting goods from the factories. They attended the meeting of the AJCCTA which elected the office bearers on the 19th of this month.
Alan West Kharkongor is the Chairman of the Meghalaya Rural Tourism Forum (MRTF) and the wish of the Chief Minister and the Deputy Chief Minister, Pretone Tynsong is that he will win. He will continue to work with the government to promote tourism in the state and especially in the Sohra area.
“Although there are some villages under Mawkhar Pynthorumkhrah MDC Constituency and there are others under Pynthorumkhrah LA, I don't have any problem to look after the problems of the people.
However, these plants and shrubs release oxygen.
Earlier, Sartaj Aziz, an adviser to Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, had called on the international community and the United Nations to take action against Prime Minister Narendra Modi's remarks in Bangladesh.
he also made himself God.—2 Thessalonians 2:4
The state has 2,100 cases.
The awards were presented by the Minister of Mawkhlam Nongpyndeng, Bah V.Sohlang Piaw as the chief guest in the presence of DSO Kong Balarina Syiem and others. They were awarded trophies and medals.
It is learned that Nayan was working as a coal miner in an illegal mine owned by a man named Kitesh Debnath.
In the Group-A (Shillong Zone) match played at the MFA Turf in Shillong, Mawlai FC witnessed the strength of the match by winning three consecutive matches.
We have to wait if these wild allegations are true or not.
“To eradicate this corruption is not for us the people but for those in power but if those in power do not take action the Seng together with the people will do whatever is necessary if it should go “It's not like we're going to be able to do anything,” said the KSUFile leader in a statement.
Therefore, by finding such factories, without a complaint to the Supreme Court, the law enforcement agencies have now banned the employment of children in such factories.
The deceased were identified as C Biaksui, 48, Bablu Talukdar, 37, and B Lathafamkima,
The three day Shad Suk Mynsiem of the Seng Khasi (Kmie) started on the 9th and ended today as usual.
Nongpoh, July 08: As part of the Azadi Amrit Mohotsav to mark the 75th Anniversary of India's Independence and Progress, the State Bank of India Nongpoh Branch today held a Financial Literacy Conference at the Dorbar Hall, Sajer Nongpoh.
In South West Garo Hills, there is no high risk.
They said that the surprising thing is that until the end of June, the Chairman and members of the Regional Committee have not visited the area.
Besides, police also seized a large quantity of kyiad and other alcoholic beverages.
Nongpoh: The office bearers of Mawlong Nongtluh Village Women's Association (WVV) on Tuesday held their annual General Meeting. Bah Balajied Rani, MDC, has expressed his gratitude to the women of the village, after seeing and finding that the women of the village, are quick to transport the children. work in the village, in order to bring about economic development and peace in the village.
The former is called 'roseum' because it has yellow flowers, the latter has white flowers.
The Hynniewtrep Students' Wing (HITO) on Tuesday sent a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma demanding the release of the Common University Entrance Test (CUET) examination in the state. time, to remove the requirement of CUET for admission to training institutions in the State.
Rynsun is widely used for cooking and is one of the most widely used plants in cooking in various countries, including Eastern Asia, South Asia, Southeast Asia, Middle East. , North Africa, Southern Europe and parts of western and central America.
Not only that, heavy traffic jam not only in Shillong but also in Jowai, Nongpoh and other places has affected even the ambulances carrying the sick to the hospitals.
Loreto Convent, Shillong won 11 medals, 3 gold, 4 silver and 4 bronze.
The Secretary of the ABVP gave a speech on the dedication and sacrifice of the soldiers for the country.
He said that the issues that the HYC does not agree with are on the rule that 86% of the indigenous people can study from this scheme. The HYC wants them to point out that the Khasi and Garo are the indigenous people who will benefit from this.
Don't worry, go and eat and drink.
Kong Mer, as soon as she saw Rida's mother, she said, “How come Kong, I don't see you anymore since you don't shop anymore...” She laughed happily. “Hooid, kein Mei, shu. I don't have time to leave... Even now I'm here.
Everyone understands that there are reasons for good manners and laws for good behavior.
Shillong: Fourteen candidates have registered for the JHADC and 34 for the KHADC. Shillong: The Under-12 and Under-14 Football Finals of the Under-12 and Under-14 Championships The Mawlai Sports Social and Cultural Club (MSS&CC) will be held on the 9th June, 2019 at Madanheh Stadium, Mawlai Phudmuri.
“The opening ceremony was attended by the Symbud Chief Ministers Prestone Tynsong and Sniawbhalang Dhar, Sports Minister Shakliar Warjri and other Ministers and MLAs. He said that the MDA government has achieved 35 percent road construction in the state in the last three years.
In another development, the Federation for A'chik (FAF), the All India Garo Union (AIGU) and the Unified Peace Movement for Garo Hills (UPMGH) congratulated the Minister of Home Affairs. Government of India, Kiren Rijiju, agreed that the High Court's request to implement the AFSPA in Garo Hills should be opposed.
However, due to unavoidable reasons, the festival has been postponed to 7, 8 and 9 October
After the incident, Mohammed Qari Salim, the Imam of the area, shouted from the roof of the church, in which he threatened to shoot the crowd and thus she was beaten and tortured. He also lodged a complaint with the police about her conversion to Christianity.
MePDCL, MePTCL, Nar Manufacturing Companies, Top Manufacturing, Dewbilat Production Companies, Various Factories, Wood Factories, Shops, Kali Manufacturing and Maintenance Factories , liquor factories, schools, colleges, universities, hospitals, government offices, government bungalows, households and so on, the electricity bill varies greatly.
The NPP candidate for the Shillong Parliamentary Seat, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, while asking for the support of the residents of Mairang in this election, said that as a woman she can work. better than the MPs from Shillong seat.
According to the SP, these people were abducted after being deceived by the robbers to get expensive items but when they went to meet them, they were abducted.
Gandhi, who went to meet the people through his journey where he talked to the truck drivers so that he could understand the issues and problems they faced.
He also said that the 382 employees, the DCs and the DMHO department, before they leave, should check that they are healthy and should also be given certificates from the The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has ensured that they are free from Covid-19 so that it will not cause any disturbance to the villages where they live.
“We have received complaints from the people and on the complaint that he doesn't have a doctor and doesn't get medicine, we have decided to inspect the hospital,” said Tuesday Lytep, President of FKJGP JH. The inspection found that Namdong PHC has already received a large building with accommodation for staff from doctors and nurses, for the purpose of upgrading it to CHC, but because it has not yet received. The nurses who should have worked inside the PHC have been relocated and the PHC has been short of staff for some time. to another.
They also said that the leaders of Meghalaya especially the MDCs/MLAs of Jaintia Hills District are selfish who love only unjust honor and wealth without taking care of the border of the country and the people. people.
As the KSU, we give our right hand and left hand to support anyone who takes up the issues of the jaidbynriew,” said KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar. After visiting and encouraging the President of the VPP, Bah Ardent M.Basaïawmoit who is continuing his fast which has now reached its fourth day.
In a statement, he said that he had accidentally eaten the Tit which was harvested by his brother from the forest for the purpose of shet jyntah.
New Delhi: NCP leader Sharad Pawar today said that Narendra Modi has visited the homes of others because he does not have a home of his own.
Referring to the VAB, the CEM said he will set a date to meet with Union Minister Kiren Rijiju to discuss the Governor's decision to send the VAB to the MHA as it is not in accordance with the provisions of the 6th Schedule. .
If there is a problem, they should discuss it in the party to resolve it,” she said.
On this occasion, the Seiñ Kur Dkhar Wapung Circle has also appointed a unit at Wapung, the Seiñ Kur Dkhar-Wapung Village Unit. , and Mr. Dkhar; Vice President, Mr. Kalat Dkhar, General Secretary, Mr. Jointly Dkhar; Asstt.
The people have not yet seen the HSPDP MLAs standing together with the UDP leaders for the RDA candidate. The meeting was conducted by Bah Ailadstar Nongrum in the presence of VPP Mawkyrwat leaders.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 17: The Siejlieh Sports Social and Cultural Youth Organization (SYC) on Tuesday concluded its Silver Jubilee Celebration of the 25th Anniversary of Mawmer.
How many days will the village stay and what will it do?
The Food and Drug Administration said that SS Agarwal did not have a Food License which showed that he had violated Section 31(1) of the Food Safety Act which prohibits any vendor from selling food. put the food.
The NHAI lawyer also submitted a report dated 6.02.2024 signed by the Project Director which included the report dated 5.02.2024 regarding the Jowai Ratacherra road showing the construction drawings. the road is still running.
“Don't think you've won because if you think so, you'll lose your temper.
Rev. Josephviii.
Shangpung Khliehmuchut took the lead in the first half, scoring in the 6th minute.
He said that the employment quota should work for the disabled and the needy, not for the disabled.
Replying to a question, the BJP leader said that there is no sign that the BJP Spokesperson, Bah M Kharkrang, wants to contest the MP election. The final decision is up to the party leaders in Delhi to decide whether to nominate candidates from Shillong and Tura or from one constituency only.
The popularity of gold has increased with the passing of time as many beautiful and beautiful jewelry have become available in the market.
Your struggle should also have a solution.
Tinus Kharsawian, one of the land owners, expressed her sorrow and anger at the same time over the actions of the MeECL department which has forcibly taken away the land of the people who have proper documents.
There were 58,625 students who sat for the SSLC examination last year.
These two vehicles were purchased and repaired by the Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat through the Transports Cell at the expense of the college.
The question at hand is the MP candidates who will serve in the Lok Sabha.
They said that the time has come for the Dorbar Shnongs to conduct awareness programs to educate the people to avoid this evil practice.
At the same time, he said that through the SHG Mela, it is also an opportunity for women to get information about various programs and schemes allocated specifically for SHGs to improve their income such as The government has a target to increase the number of SHGs in each village.
The HITO West Jaintia Hills District has found many shortcomings in the inspection of the Civil Hospital in Ïalong and Namdong PHC. , scanning, ultra sound and others.
At the same time, he demanded that the KHADC should punish those officers who visited the chicken farm on July 10, 2015. They said that they were on the side of the company because during the inspection they used the vehicle of the director of the company and this has caused a bad impression to the public that there is no clean investigation. .
It is suspected that the cause of the collision at Jingkieng heh in Damsite, was due to a collision inside the truck.
Regarding the lack of necessary documents, the KSU has sent back these foreigners.
The Congress in Punjab has repeatedly urged the Government of India to include Hindus and Sikhs from Pakistan and Afghanistan as Indians.
Rikmanchi is a bowler who has played well by taking 10 wickets in all four matches.
Speaking to media on the allegation by entrepreneurs that the schemes have been given only to people close to the government, Sangma said that the people who have received financial assistance and support have it is the operators and entrepreneurs involved in the tourism sector.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: On the 20th of this month, Rokhelson Nongrang has lodged a complaint with the police that at 9 pm, three persons had stolen his Chevrolet. Anjalee to Law-U Sib, the vehicle bearing the number plate ML-05N-1
In this incident, the driver of the two wheeler escaped death when he suddenly got out of his scooty before being hit by the truck.
Media Plus is the first electronic media channel in the state which was founded by Bah Raphael Warjri on 1st July 1999 and has provided a comprehensive service to the public. through the hard work of this man.
Because by strengthening the party is strengthening the country, and the future of the people is our religion”.
“The Minister has sent our letter to the officers to inspect the well and if it is sufficient, it is hoped that by October, the work will be completed,” said the Mawlai MDC.
So far, 22 persons have been arrested and 10 persons are still in police custody.
Who is in charge of health? Health does not come from the book of destiny because health is a part of God's preparation for each person on earth, not as a destiny for them. that he would not heal the wicked: but God hath given it to all.
Mawlyngbna has been selected to receive this scheme worth more than T.1 crore from the Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC) run by the State Institute of Rural Development.
The Las Vegas Police Department said the incident is still ongoing and at this time, it is not clear why the incident occurred.
However, when we sit in the Council, it doesn't mean that we are sitting idle without any concern but that we have the concern that we will come,” said Kong Grace.
Equitable access to education for all – Good access to disadvantaged groups;x.
Rona Khymdeit, MDC Nongpoh Constituency, was the chief guest and ADC Ri Bhoi, PK Sangma was the chief guest, in the presence of several dignitaries, including Pynursla MDC Jensing Tynsong, CB Syiem, Min Makri, Raynold Kharkamni and other dignitaries were also present on the occasion. RBYC, HANM came to witness the awarding ceremony of the “Hero” by the Pahamrioh Dorbar Shnong.
In the same century, Sir Henry Cole commissioned the artist John Calcott Horsley to make Christmas cards so that he could send them to friends and neighbors to greet him with “merry Christmas”. it did not appear on the market until
He is the son of Tioliam Lyngdoh Mawphlang and Aiborsing Rajee, residents of Mawphlang.
The report said that while the man was sitting on top of the vehicle, he was playing with his mobile phone but suddenly he fell from the top of the vehicle which was moving fast until he died. He was seriously injured and later died before being taken to hospital.
He said T.100 crore has been allocated for the provision of medicines, health equipment and services for the year 2024-2 They will be announced at health centers and information will be provided online.
C Diengngan spoke in Khasi, there was no translator into English of what he said at the meeting, which shows that there is no translator in Khasi, as in other languages.
This was announced by Morning Star Pasi, Publicity Secretary Jowai Circle.
The NSUI in a letter has expressed many problems to the students especially regarding the network and the inability of the students to recharge their mobile phones and computers. section to write 'Online' examination.
“Clearly, the JAC has sent a message to the Syiem that you have promised as much as you have promised, you have threatened as you threatened, you have sent us many complaints or complaints, on our part not a single 'ñiuh mat ruh. Gilbert Kharraswai, Chairman of the JAC, said that the JAC stands on a firm foundation.
Imphal: Three new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Manipur today, bringing the total number of cases to
This incident happened during the rainy season and there was no intention to find ways and means to build the roads to allow the water to flow by the authorities.
If the ILP is in Khanapara, Byrni or Ratacherra, the government officials who are there will issue it after completing the answers.
Before the opening ceremony, Dr. Mukul Sangma, TMC Leader, laid the ribbon to inaugurate the new office of the Meghalaya Pradesh Trinamool Congress (MPTCMB). before holding a meeting at Mawlangwir Square on Saturday.
After the opening ceremony, there was also a discussion on the topic “Technology and through the Languages ​​of India” by Dr. Abir Suchiang, EFLU, P. Sudeep Manngang from NIT, Shillong. , Dr. AK Majhi from IT, NEHU, Buddha Chandrashekhar, AICTE, New Delhi and Prof. SK Singh as Moderator.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Hamlet congratulated the Women's Union of Mylliem Mandal and the Dorbar Shnong of Mylliem Madan Iing Syiem for their hard work.
Shillong, Nailur 25: Shillong, Nailur 25: The SSA U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 will be played against East Jaintia Hills DCA from Zone 1 of Group A today. Umsohsun SC beat Mawklot SC 3-0 in the final match of the tournament on Tuesday.
Here we are talking about “Sohphlang”.
He said that the Father has ordered to provide written documents and the school is looked after by the Niam Diphu State, Assam.
Speaking on the occasion, Sohblei Gerald Khongji expressed his gratitude for the opportunity to witness the closing ceremony of the 100th Jubilee of the Catholic Church in Sohphoh. to all those who have been involved in making this Jubilee a successful and glorious celebration.
A copy of the letter was sent to MPCC President DD Lapang. After receiving the news, Rupang met with PT Sawkmie to discuss the work of the Congress party in Mawlai. which I have seen that I am in the midst of trouble in these days.
The Honorable Governor should not delay because the Ordinance is very simple.
Jason Cummings, Manvir Singh and Anwar Ali scored the goals for Mohun Bagan.
“We strongly condemn this criminal who has lost the spirit of knowledge in which he dared to attack the rights of children and we also demand from the law enforcement authorities not to grant bail but to punish severely so that those who do not these kinds of things will not happen anymore.
“I as the Rangbah Shnong, I don't understand why they have accused me of any decision that we have taken is not only mine but we have called the Dorbar Shnong and with the The agreement of all the inhabitants that we shall set the price for the year.
" “The BJP as a party is always committed to the promotion of women and to look after the welfare of the indigenous people, and it is a pride for Meghalaya to have the first female DGP. , and the party hopes for the best for her and that she can take charge," the spokesperson added.
Nongpoh, Nailur 06: The Ministry of Education through the Ministry of Education, Government of India has honored 75 teachers from across the country who have been selected for the Best Teachers Award. Meghalaya where a teacher from Ri Bhoi received the award at the Teachers' Day celebration held in New Delhi and was also honored by the President of India. , by Droupadi Murmu.
Congress MLA from Nongpoh Mayralborn Syiem has been appointed as Co-Chairman of the Meghalaya Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) and Rambrai-Jyrngam MLA Kimfa Marbaniang has been appointed as Co-Chairman of the Meghalaya Government Construction Company (MGCC). .
“I have one idea to tell you Peter, that is, I want to support you to buy a car to make it easier for you and my business,” said the owner. I am very grateful for your kind offering.
Nongpoh: Sonidan Sports Club and Lumniwar Sports Club have reached the final of the Ri Bhoi League Championship 2019, organized by the Ri Bhoi District Sports Association. (RBDSA).
Kongthong village, which has about 80% traditional believers, last year suffered an attack by a group led by Christian leaders who destroyed a place of worship. their.
“I have started my career as an MP, and I have met many politicians in Delhi to talk to them. “For Lum Garo, we have also prepared for the 2018 elections, and I am confident without any doubt that in 2018 the NPP will form the government and defeat the Congress,” said Conrad.
Shah said that Rs 7,923 crore has been allocated.
The letters have been sent to the employees of these media outlets to stop the dissemination of such videos, these include 9 on Facebook, mar on Twitter and YouTube, and three on Gmail - to continue the investigation, they said.
Surprisingly, the civil society has never spoken out against the mining and smuggling of coal from the state since
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) from Meghalaya and the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) from Assam have decided to work together to maintain peace and stability in the border areas between the two states. This was decided at a meeting between KHADC and KAAC on 14th November.
He said the Association has also decided not to participate in the future meetings of the Academic Council (AC).
These members and office bearers who resigned from the UDP said it was for unavoidable reasons.
The other is still at large.
Answering further questions, Bah Rudy said that Bah HM Shangpliang's refusal to join the TMC is not because the UDP has called for him to give ticket but as the leaders they don't know anything because it is a matter of time. of the MLA himself.
Therefore, the union urges the relevant authorities especially the PWD department to take immediate action regarding this bridge so that it will be of benefit to the people of the area. other.
“Today, we have released T.3.5 crore to 517 groups.
This excessive slowness of the State Government to implement this Act according to the demands of the time has led to various groups and even the people to criticize the State Government.
Shillong, November 2: A group of Chiefs of Sohra, Saitsohpen, Mawsmai and other areas, led by Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman of the Dorbar of Chiefs of Meghalaya, The Spokesperson of the Federation of Khasi States, Bah WMS Pariat, Chief Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, met with Bah WMS Pariat, Chief Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, at his office today. The project has been implemented for more than two years for 45 villages in the Sohra area.
They also demanded that the government department should renovate the building of Kiang Nangbah College.
She said that her sister, who lives with her in the same house in Mawlai Phudmuri, did not think that this death was just because she ate the tit.
Along with many other places and areas where wine stores are located, Polo Sawphyrlong is one of the most dangerous wine hubs in Shillong, where there are no wine stores. There are more shops in the area than there are shops in the area.
Climate change has led to an increase in fires, with periods of extreme heat being five times more frequent than we used to see 150 years ago.
You can do this once a day.
At the same time, the head has a superiority mindset.
Mann was first married seven years ago and has two children from his first wife, who lives in the USA. swearing-in ceremony, as prime minister, which took place in October
He said that the people who conduct the mock drill will do well in the right manner.
Dr. Lana Nongbri, State Nodal Officer, National Tobacco Control Programme, Meghalaya, sent a message to the public to inform the public that Duma not only damages the environment but also harms the health of the people. He hopes that through such Tobacco Free Educational Institutions programs, a change and decrease in the use of tobacco can be brought about.
Speaking to reporters, HYC President Bah Roykupar Synrem said that the HYC has already made it clear from the beginning that if the Government intends to give land to the illegal residents, , will not accept, and if the Government wants to provide land to those who have settled, many members of the jaidbynriew also do not have land, and he asked, whether the Government is ready to provide land. Roykupar said the union will not just listen, but will find out whether those 342 households are still employees of the Shillong Municipal Board.
The HNLC also extends its special greetings to all the children of the Hajar of Bri U Hynniewtrep who are the owners of the villages and Himas across the Bri U Hynniewtrep, concluded the statement.
“The competition, the race track and the distance are long and wide, and the atmosphere of this race has been unique in the British F4 series.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, today said that in 2018, the Congress party had 17 MLAs in Meghalaya. The Trinamool Congress (TMC) was born.
He said that this problem has been happening from time to time, but now it needs to be resolved as soon as possible.
He also urged everyone to use words that do not affect racial discrimination and to think carefully about the use of words.
All the political parties have intensified their election campaign and there are non-Meghalaya political parties, led by their leaders from other states like the BJP, Congress and TMC. The Congress led Rahul Gandhi and the TMC led its top leader, West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee, along with other TMC MPs like Mahua Moitra. The BJP has led Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Union Minister Amit Shah and others.
Defender Dhar and Richard Patwet took two wickets each.
“The first arrears was released in July and the second installment was released this month and preparations for the release of the remaining salary are ongoing,” he said.
“We have held a meeting and I am ready to meet with the ASHAs and take decisions that will not interfere with their welfare,” she said. The ASHAs have been on strike for more than 16 days.
This action of the government reveals another fact and that is that it knows those involved in this incident, but why does it take time to arrest them.
Shillong will hold a Divisional Level Dak Adalat on the 24th of this month at 11:30 pm.
It is an unprecedented incident that in a Government hospital, the public has to take the role of nurses and doctors who have trained themselves to treat patients.
On Saturday, the BJP held its 34th Anniversary Celebration at Jhalupara and launched the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan programme.
Shillong: The family members of Bah Kmanwel Marweiñ, 42, have found the body of Bah Kmanwel Marweiñ, Shillong, on Tuesday morning. near the field of riewhadem.
Besides the lifting of the night curfew, yoga centers and gyms will be allowed to open from 5th July 2020, but the Ministry of Home Affairs will issue rules to explain these centres. or Standard Operating Procedure (SOP).
The report said that the murder of Pynkhreh Surong was carried out by many people or a group of robbers.
He can write and speak up to four languages, Garo, Karbi, Khasi, English and Hindi.
The youngest Syiem of Nongstoin, Wickliffe Syiem, who worked hard and who was able to get the support of several countries before the UN to recognize the independent Khasi Hills when he returned to his country, to flee to East Pakistan at that time with a sad heart because he had been betrayed by his fellow countrymen.
“We must not forget that we are living in difficult times because of Covid-19, even in the midst of difficulties, you have seen that this government is struggling to meet the needs of the people,” he said. .
Shillong, Lber 02: U Congress candidate Vincent Pala, on Tuesday said that a year after he was elected as MP, the time has passed, only to find a house in Delhi as he is an MP. new.
Speaking to this reporter, Bah Joseph said that when the gang threw him on the ground, he accidentally threw him outside the cleaning and this hurt his neck.
Earlier, Dr. Chellakumar said that the people of the state have always loved and trusted the Congress.
TASS, the state news agency, claimed that Putin had visited St. Petersburg, but Putin's press secretary denied the report and showed that TASS and the Kremlin had not met. they have cut off their message.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi District Cricket Association (RBDCA) today inaugurated its full office at Umbuda, Nongpoh Ri. Flood District.
Shillong, March 24: The Meghalaya United Christian Forum (MUCF) on Tuesday urged the NPP-led government to respect the feelings of thousands of people. The Shillong Cherry Blossom Festival has been postponed to Sunday, November 19,
Because after that incident, I myself said that the injured should be taken to hospital because my intention was not to injure anyone but only to separate from the incident.
The value of the drugs seized was T.75,182/-.
They should know how to vote this time.
The union acknowledged that the incumbent DC has done many good deeds in the district in terms of the welfare of the community as well as the district and the nation as a whole. He also said that many of his good plans are still pending.
“After the KAS leaders met me in the first month of November last year, I have already sent a letter to the Home Ministry to remind them once again in this regard. “Therefore, any comments should be sought and discussed with us before jumping to another part because it can mislead,” said the CM.
They said that the student was in a state of shock after the examiners found him involved in theft.
Shillong, March 22: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) on Tuesday said that it takes only one day for the President to understand the plight of the people of the state while the MLAs, Ministers and Chief Minister Mukul Sangma have been public representatives for many decades, they have not understood the plight of the people.
Because it is the government that will take the responsibility to resolve the issue so that there will be no ethnic differences.
The case was taken to the Court of Special Judge, NDPS Shillong, and the woman was convicted of drug trafficking and sentenced to imprisonment for up to six months according to the NDPS. The judgment dated
He said that the state government has not yet drafted a State Youth Policy which has not benefited the talented youth of the state but the surprising thing is that the state government has not implemented this policy. which has been passed by the Cabinet since last year
“Not only to fight against drugs and to eradicate evil but also to rehabilitate those who have become addicted to drugs,” said Bah Donboklang.
Due to the lack of venue for the two days on the 3rd and 4th, the SSA, which is the organizer of the tournament, has announced that the U-10 (Boys) tournament will be canceled for the two days. ) Football League 2023 has been announced.
“It is at any time that we have to join or leave any party, we have to explain to the public.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASToM) on Tuesday decided to hold a mass protest after the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. Kongkal Sangma refused to call for talks with the leaders to discuss the demands they have already submitted to the Government.
He said that this is based on his research and collection from old writers.
HK Singh Memorial School beat David Lois Rees Memorial School 2-1
“This is something that has caused great concern to the party and therefore the party has taken this step to support any paradoh parasnam who wish to train themselves in this field,” he said.
However, after this, Bah PN Syiem has spoken against the party and the Congress-led government in public meetings and in the newspapers. He said that other matters are ahead and the Congress party is coming later, and others. The MPCC has decided to appoint a new President to strengthen the Congress Legislative Party (CLP) meetings. He reminded that the statement of Bah Pala MP is not true that the time has not yet come and to wait for a while, but Bah Lapang said that the MPCC has He said that in fact Bah Pala should have met him first, not to go to the newspapers or to the Vice President of the AICC. Rahul Gandhi, without consulting the MPCC president, said the actions of Congress MP Pala were wrong.
“Even after we have received permission and followed exactly the instructions issued by the Deputy Commissioner's office, our rights have been violated by some robbers. “It's the state,” said Bah Khongsni.
On this day, 118 children received their first Communion and 53 youths received their confirmation.
However, when the police opened the door, they found that she was dead.
In the Under-14 tournament, Umphyrnai Presbyterian SS (EKH) started with a victory by beating Mawbidong SS (SWKH) 12-0
Knowing the truth “the truth will set you free.
The teachers can help but it is up to the student to choose what they want.
The Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Shakliar Warjri was the chief guest.
It may be recalled that the Garo people through the All Ri-Bhoi Garo Headmen's Association (AKHAF) have demanded that the Garo should be allowed to hold the post of Rangbah Shnong in the villages where the Garo live. They have also met with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to discuss this issue.
If that is true, then the state money has been spent and used in other states instead of investing in its own state.
Regarding the confusion in the working methods of the employees of MeCCL, the FKJGP urged the CEO of MeECL to order the employees to do their job properly, because If they just work from home (home work) it will cause a lot of trouble to the people and if they continue to work like in the past few days, it is better to dismiss the contractor and allow others who can work.
In a letter to the Minister, the Mawphlang MLA urged the government to direct the district administration to inspect the affected fields so that they can provide urgent assistance to the farmers. .
Speaking on the condition of the athletes, Pyngrope said, “We need to provide our athletes with adequate training facilities and medicines, food to strengthen and empower them. While our government cannot provide even one adequate teacher for our youth”.
Such acts of violence disgrace the State which is in the midst of peace and order and bring peace to all the citizens of Meghalaya, regardless of their ethnic group.
Silverstar Thongni scored the first goal for Riangdo in the 22nd minute, but Alandonal Sohlangpiaw converted the second goal in the 54th and 62nd minutes.
When they are young, they teach them how to fight.
Mawkyrwat, March 05: The biscuit farmers of Shilliang-um area have been in the midst of a lot of trouble especially in the field of biscuit. which sells well in the early harvest season but after a few months the price has dropped.
They said that since the Chief Minister announced to upgrade the Mairang Civil Sub Division to a District, almost all the residents of the Mairang Civil Sub Divisions have been ready to demand that the government They also threatened that if the government does not do so, they will hold protests.
On the other hand, the President of the United Hynniewtrep Movement-EJHD, Bah Y.Kyndiat, has expressed his regret over the non-payment of salaries by JUD Cement LTD to the employees and suppliers. and shall remain with them until the Company pays the amount due to them.
This is located in the Nongstoin Hima.
Soren was speaking at a program held to commemorate the martyrs at Kurukocha in Chakulia in East Singhbhum district.
Prestone said the Incharge of PWD, DP Wahlang had visited the bridge yesterday and on the 31st it will be ready for use.
Dr Mukul said one of the things he found in Dr Donkupar's character was that he loved the people and the state especially these things and he never wanted to be criticized but he himself was criticized by others.
A group of people tried to break into the headquarters of the 3rd IRB Battalion in Khangabok area with the intention of looting ammunition and ammunition, they said.
Therefore, the intention to lodge a complaint is not justified, said the statement.
Once those plans fail, they have to cut down trees and stones just to survive.
Tobias said that the conflict within the Shella Confederacy has not ended for many years now and the reason is the same people who brought about the conflict. 14 people were arrested.
Jowai, Naitung 10 : The 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy 2nd Division Football League Cum Knockout Tournament-2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today at Jowai Nangbah Stadium.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, CEM of JHADC, Thombor Shiwat, said that according to the estimates, the JHADC should have received Rs 93 crore but the government has not yet received any estimate on this. “I don't think you've released this money,” said Thom.
As the farmers don't have to leave the synsar in the forest, they don't feel any benefit to go and collect the crops and even those who have already collected the synsar at home have lost hope of selling the synsar. This was announced by Thonding Jyrwa, farmers from Pyndenlyngdoh village.
In the second half, Andy Mawthoh scored another goal for Pohkseh and Blessing Pamthied added another goal for Malki in the 62nd minute.
Shillong: Celine Lawai of Laitumkhrah, Shillong has been awarded the National Award for the Best Employee of the Year 2019 in the category of Locomotor Disabilities.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Renikton L.Tongkhar said that this is a day to remember to celebrate the Independence Day of India so that we can be happy and spiritual people. He also expressed his gratitude to the Multipurpose Organizations and all those who took part in this tournament for women and believes that they will be able to do more. These tournaments are held so that young women can showcase their talents and dresses because in today's world sports is no longer just a sport but it is another way to income generation and employment opportunities.
The meeting was conducted by Bah JNS Lakiang, Superintendent Engineer PWD Roads Western Circle Nongstoiñ in the presence of Bah K Mawa, Chief Engineer PWD Roads Meghalaya Shillong, Bah T Lyngwa, DC SWKHD, MA Razi, Commissioner. & Secretary PWD, Bah KC Nongrum, EE PWD Roads Ranikor Division and others.
American gossypium hirsutum is now mostly grown in the Punjab, but is widespread in other parts of India.
It is believed that the deterioration of the rice may be due to the drought.
The Law Department of the State Government has examined the Bill and it is understood that it can recommend to the Government to put it to the public for comment.
“The President has accepted the recommendation of the Cabinet, and today signed the order dissolving the 15th Lok Sabha as the power conferred on him under sub-clause (b Article 85 of the Constitution,” said Rashtrapati Bhavan Press Secretary Venu Rajamony.
According to the complaint, the women alleged that the men who were present at the scene and the Rangbah Shnong had told the men who came with them that they were paid to be with the three women because if they had come with other women, nothing like this would have happened.
The union has appealed to the government official not to stop but to restore the service of these four buses for the benefit of the residents of Jowai and neighboring villages. concluded the statement through the Publicity Secretary of the party, Bah M.Sana.
Free education shall not be provided.
If we are afraid, we may lose our food completely or we may have to leave it to others.
Furthermore, the visit of the VC of CAU Imphal to the university shows that the Government of India, especially the Ministry of Agriculture, has not done anything to achieve the 2010 target.
Prizes were awarded to the winners of various competitions organized by the Women's Welfare Organisation, Seinraij Jowai, KKC. District Tournament trophy after deservedly winning the final at Nongkhrah, Nongpoh, today by nine wickets.
Although Bishop Bhuriya was admitted to many hospitals for more than three months and tested negative for the virus, Archbishop Cornelius said, he suffered from oxygen supply problems and died. Heart attack has been reported due to the increase in the number of cases of COVID-1
He said that the fear in the banks is only for the money.
This happened after they lost to Seven United in Group C on Saturday at the MDSA Stadium in Mawkyrwat.
“The purpose of this meeting is to unite.
The State has witnessed training rally through school children, cleanliness programs at the fire brigade, school parking lots by cleaners and school staff, garbage disposal along the road in the Pinewalk area by the staff of the Cantonment Board, cleaning of the market places by the staff in charge of cleanliness, measures related to painting on the walls, cleaning and maintenance of the streets don along the road and so on.
Shillong, March 4 : The Governor of Arunachal Pradesh, Brigadier (Dr) BD Mishra, will be sworn in tomorrow as the new Governor of Meghalaya to take over from Satya Pal Malik. The Governor of Meghalaya has decided to extend his term of office as Governor.
Therefore – “Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this prophecy, and keep those things which are written therein: for the time is at hand” Revelation 1:3
The group visited the family of Tapan Das and his family, who were attacked by the robbers with sharp weapons and seriously injured.
The Longkmie, who lives in Maikhuli, said that although she is of Assamese ethnicity, when she lived in the border area, she said that the border area is It has been in Meghalaya for many years and does not want this area to be annexed to Assam.
The curfew will end tomorrow at 6 pm. The Dorbar Shnong invites the cooperation of all the residents of the District to continue the curfew until tomorrow. days so that the initiative will be successful without any complications.
Members of the village who were present were Bah L.Kshiar, Rangbah Shnong, Bah K.Sohkhlet (member), Bah R.Thabah, Legal Volunteer, Bah L.Sohkhlet, Block Coordinator. The President and members of the Women Organization of Mawsmai Nongthymmai as well as shopkeepers and tourists also took part in the event.
They said that if the government and the district authorities cannot look after this danger which the company has become a barrier to the health of the people, on their part, they will not be responsible if anything happens. what is wrong with the chicken farm.
Furthermore, there were other programs and competitions including General Knowledge, Drawing-Painting, Patriotic Song Competition.
To cover all the villages in the constituencies covered by the schemes is difficult.
He said that the Upper Shillong road is the lifeblood of Pynursla and Sohra.
The cleaning of the area by the women and other male members has led to the quick completion of the cleaning.
If you don't have the necessary equipment to support them, you can provide them with the necessary equipment, syntex water, tyrpalene, clothes, tins, etc. before the election. .
“This process of DIPR will not only be for the day-to-day activities related to the activities of the press and media, but will also be for the oversight of various schemes that have been implemented. “It's the state government,” said James Sangma.
All the speakers in one voice demanded the imprisonment of these bloodthirsty men and why they should not be granted bail as they are a serious threat to the society.
Chairman of KHADC Pynshngain N Syiem said that regarding the mobilization fees, a cheque worth Rs 10 crore has been issued and the last check was issued on the 20th. He also asked why they are in a hurry to release the money after being dismissed and the money is released even though the work has not started.
SHILLONG: MePDCL has suspended load shedding in the state after NEEPCO. Ltd has decided to improve the quality of electricity in the state.
Speaking on Meghalaya, where land plots are far apart, the Minister requested the state government to prepare a policy to issue property cards to the residents.
Because our honorable Elaka has its own decisions and rules before issuing any NOCs before building any type of factories within the boundary of Sutnga Elaka.
I hope that the AYUSH Hospital in Bhoirymbong will cooperate and have a close relationship with NEIAH for the benefit of the people.
According to estimates, one bus can replace 15 vehicles, which means that during peak hours, 30 buses can replace 450 vehicles.
Jha was granted bail by the Supreme Court in November and the court fixed the hearing for March
If they fail to fill up in the third year, the share of those years will lapse and in the Office Memorandum the Roster has been ordered to be re-appointed on the basis of 1972 and this you have a violation of the Reservation Policy.
He said that if the government thinks about the safety of the people, the road should not end only at Mawthabah but should be built to Phlangmawprah, Umsaw, Nongummer and other backward villages where people have to walk. by hours to reach the street.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) today decided to contest from all 24 constituencies in the North East in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections. The party will also nominate a candidate for the Lok Sabha elections in Shillong Constituency.
The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) Upper Shillong, Mylliem Circle, which organized and conducted the 1st Interdong Knockout Football Tournament, has canceled the 1st Interdong Knockout Football Tournament on the 4th of this month. June 1, 2023.
The Minister said that although he has only one term to expire as MLA before going back to the elections, he will try to ensure that the bus service will be for the benefit of the people.
The children who received the assistance were accompanied by those who have relationships with them at the office of the Deputy Commissioner. , District Informatics Officer, NIC, Jowai.
The East Khasi Hills Butcher Association will also participate in the slaughtering and harvesting of pork among others.
It is through dialogue and we expect that what will come out will be good,” said Bah Dhar.
At the same time, they said that they have not yet been able to provide all the requirements but they will inform more later when they have completed all the requirements.
December 30, 2021 Leaders of today, Stand up and protect with responsibility.
There are those who bring money, there are those who bring crops such as wheat, barley, jhur, jhep, and these things to eat together on the day of victory or defeat. The election campaign is still going on.
Encouraging Bah Embhah and the team, Bah Tynsong said, “Bah Embhah and your team from tonight onwards you have become the owners of the NPP party. see that at least in 2023 we will have a respectable victory.
Ngeitmon Pala is from Sakhain village, East Jaintia Hills District.
