As part of the celebration of Goa Diwas, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Thursday held a program under the slogan “Ek Bharat Shreshtha Bharat” to promote unity, friendship and culture. and the Bonding of Culture and Tradition between Goa and Meghalaya which was held at the meeting of the party.
The allegation that the VPP is doing 'politics' on the appointment for the upcoming MDC elections is childish, said Dr Myrboh.
The Tribunal will hold another hearing on 16th June 2015 and at the same time, the Tribunal has directed the State Government to collect 10 percent tax on the price of coal. According to the CAG report, the tax, which is T.485 per tonne, should be deposited in the Meghalaya Environment Protection and Restoration Fund. The NGT has given 21 days to the coal miners to pay the T.485 fee from 30th October 2015 and Only those who pay 10 percent to the Meghalaya Environment Protection and Restoration Fund, including tax, can transport and trade their coal.
The 1st Mawkyrwat Mawpoiñ Invitational 2022 has 160 participants from 16 teams, 8 teams for men and 8 teams for women. The tournament will last for 2 days.
Dawan Lyngdoh has been appointed as Vice-Chairman of the Public Grievances Committee and Krison Langstang has been appointed as Vice-Chairman of the Planning Board.
It was not possible to confirm whether these houses were used or not.
Dr Jesmine said she joined the NPP after seeing the great works of the government during the meeting of Conrad Sangma as the Chief Minister.
After Pastor Snaitang, the Seng Khasi gave a speech on the topic 'The Role of Religious Organizations in the Protection of the Environment According to Culture' u Khasi' and concluded with a meeting by Father Rev.Dr.Bernes L Mawrie SDB who spoke and wrote on the topic 'Measures to be taken by churches and religious organizations in the protection of the environment in the country Khasi and Jaintia.
“We have seen the backwardness of the people in the area, perhaps this is the main reason why Assam has attacked our people.
So they did not believe that he was the Messiah, even though Jesus had revealed many things to them.
In 1735 Whitefield and fourteen others joined hands with John Wesley and in the same year this revival spread to Wales and was led by Howell Harris and in the book The Confession of the Faith of the Welsh Presbyterians (1927) wrote, “After his return to Wales, he began to preach...from house to house in his village and neighboring villages.
When the wife saw the drunkard walking near the house, she pointed to her husband and said, “Look, father, this drunkard is walking near our house”.
The best months for planting rice in Khasi-Jaintia are April and May.
“The Canon Law of the Catholic Church, Can 751, clearly states that we are fighting against the Faith in three ways.
These villages are the most populous and about 15 miles from Falifax.
On this issue, the HSPDP under the leadership of Bah KP Pangniang has launched this demand to make the people of West Khasi Hills, East Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills and Ribhoi District aware that it is an issue. The demands of the people themselves are very important.
Under the leadership of Chief Advocate of the Supreme Court Rajiv Dutta and a team of lawyers who argued on 19-02-19 on the issue of reopening of coal mining in the State in accordance with the The Supreme Court has directed the Central Government to take a decision on the Mining Plans sent by the previous and present State Governments to the Central Government. The final decision will be taken within 10 months and the case will be heard next month on 26th October 2019, said a statement from Sonny L Khyriem, Chairman, MSCCOMETDF, Shillong.
At the same time, he said to find out the truth, the Government through the Fisheries Department and the Health Department should send a team of inquiry to Andhra Pradesh to investigate the matter.
She also questioned how the State Government can implement the Reservation Policy without a roster.
Will this just end there? or Shall we be servants or spectators???.
Shillong: India is likely to witness a sharp increase in the number of cases of covid-19 in the country by mid-July next year.
In the election for the Sohiong Assembly Constituency to be held on 10th June, 2023, the UDP candidate Synshar Kupar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah will contest against the former Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Samlin Malngiang of the National People's Party (NPP), SS Osborne Kharjana of the Congress candidate, Sandondor Ryntathiang of the HSPDP, Seraph Eric Kharbuki of the Bharatiya Janata Party and Stodingstar. Mountainous.
There is a Sell With Us menu to enter your name and bank details and sellers can enter the pictures of the products to start selling online on the omechan.
He also went on to say that though, they will develop solutions and look after what is best.
The fine was imposed after a team of officials inspected many places where torti was implemented in connection with the cleaning of garbage and found that there were about 100,000 How many contractors have failed to clean up the garbage.
On Saturday, 133 trucks of coal entered Bangladesh through the Tamabil border crossing.
There are still several villages where the election officials still have to board a boat to conduct the polling on the 19th of this month.
Bah Victor threatened to take strict action against the employees who do not take responsibility for their work by punishing them according to the law.
He said that for those who have not yet registered, they can register through the Common Service Centers (CSCs) formerly known as Rainbow.
Supply chains used in the green hydrogen and clean hydrogen industries and electricity industries from renewable sources.
The CM in 2018 told the Supreme Court that the death penalty at the hands of the law is imposed only on those robbers who have killed people in a horrific manner and who committed evil deeds that are against humanity.
These leaders of the NPP Nongpoh Block Committee include Dr. D. Lapang as Chief Adviser, Dr. Macdalyne S. Mawlong as Chief Adviser; vice President, Hillshon Syngkli, Vice President, Pynroi Shylla, General Secretary, Lawrene Nongrum, Joint Secretary, Stephan Kshiar, Organizing Secretary, Pairly Ronghong, Publicity Secretary, Ampliwell Thangkhiew, Education Secretary, Veronic Santy Warjri, Sport Star Thang Secretary, Lu Treasurer, Finance Secretary, Junis Roy Ingbah, and other members and leaders of the Nongpoh Block Committee.
However, it is surprising that in the last month of June, these Garo are still issuing NOCs to the Hmar and Punjabi communities to dig water wells with the authority of their Rangbah Shnongs. Bah Dohtdong said that after seeing the violence of the Garo people, the party will not hesitate to turn to the Hima Mylliem to force the Hima to remove the Garo Rangbah Shnongs. everything.
“NEIMA was established in 2004 and is now home to about 25 children aged 2 – 17 years who are all still in school and some have gone to work.
The feeling of unity in the country was in fact seen in the time before the division of the United Khasi & Jaintia Hills District and in the Hills State struggle, but when we got what we wanted we all turned back. to square one) and there has been a lot of conflict and simper between the leaders through the parties that have been formed. 72 years we have gained independence from foreign governments, 66 years we have been given the Autonomous District Council, then For 46 years we have had our own state but there has been no change and only division.
“We have cleaned up the whole village and we will clean up again in December during Christmas,” said the Rangbah Shnong. “We believe that the cleanliness of the village will help us to “It's a good idea to have a clean environment to avoid all kinds of diseases and to make the village beautiful at all times,” said the Secretary of the village. At the same time, the Dorbar Shnong wishes Behdeinkhlam a happy Behdeinkhlam. The Behdeinkhlam, the biggest Behdeinkhlam in Jaintia Hills, will start and end from the 21st to the 24th of this month.
However, when we think about it, every nation has its own way of worshiping God and it is our duty to respect them all.
The HNLC said that their cooperation with the ULFA is not new as even Bah John Kharkrang, the first C in C of the HNLC, has completed the training with the ULFA. I urge the Sengbhalang, political parties, especially those who oppose the CM to take the power and matti of Father Sngi (bam kwai ha duwar u Blei) as happened in 1978 in order to bring about peace. Another 'Sorkar Lai Lama', also in 2016, if it doesn't take part in the resolution of the political crisis in the state brought about by the Congress government, the President's rule will fall like what happened in Arunachal Pradesh. now.
He also advised the public to wear protective clothing when going outside during the hot weather and to wear shatri, juti or slippers when going outside. .
If you agree, we will bring and show you the ancient dulir.
The incident occurred at Sacred Heart School, East Jaintia Hills.
The city has warned of hot weather over the weekends.
On the allegations that the ethnic parties are without budlum, the UDP leader said, “Everyone has the right to express their views.
Mayweather, 43, has proposed to Anna Monroe, 29, one of the models who used to attend Mayweather's club in Las Vegas.
The employers who import foreign workers should register all the workers and this Bill will also protect the employers by law, said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
You and other distinguished leaders have been my supporters and those who have always explained how to turn challenges into possibilities, and obstacles into opportunities,” he said. said Bah Lyngdoh in the letter.
“Looking at the policy of the present government, for the rich they have become richer and the poor have become poorer, but the Congress will fight to look at the difference between “It will fight to reduce discrimination and also on the right to expression, the right to religion and other areas,” said Bah Pala.
“What has angered the Seng is that these khar Poi ei have tried to extort money from the members of the Seng so that they can escape but this action of them is still making us members angry,” he said. He said that the vehicle was driven by a Khasi who, according to information, used to do these things to smuggle foreigners with the promise of freedom. .
The Khasi tribe of Dkhar women puts our nation at great risk because through them, their brothers and sisters can be made Khasi tribe or their brothers and sisters can be made Syrnot Scheduled Tribe. Dkhar woman who has put a threat to our small nation,” said the leader.
The incident occurred at 9.30 pm.
Shillong: The Mizoram Students Union (MSU) has strongly opposed the search of Mizoram MP UK Vanlalvena by the Assam police.
There was a family whose father and mother had not been in the same congregation for many years.
Furthermore, no groups will be allowed to sell lucky draw tickets or any other items, and no books or albums will be released on the day of the Procession. award ceremony, on behalf of EBIK after the Holy Mass.
Shillong, Nailur 11: Teachers of the Meghalaya Sarva Shishah Abhiyan School Teachers Association (MSA) have welcomed the government's plan to send 4th teachers from upper primary schools to lower primary schools. school.
Regarding this incident in Manipur, u Bah Sakmie expressed his deep sorrow as many people have lost their lives and many have been injured and it will take tens of months and years to rebuild them. Manipur's country.
Immediately the Dorbar was dissolved and all dispersed.
He said that the complaint, that the appointment of Parliamentary Secretaries, has been considered illegal by many High Courts in India.
The General Assembly of the JHADC will be held on the 10th November 2023 at 10:30 AM. by the act of the council.
Looking back on this election, it may be different from the previous years, because it is an era of change and the people have become more intelligent and understanding for more than 50 years. They have passed through the state and have not yet received that change.
The protest was also due to the lack of access for foreign vehicles carrying international tourists who come to the state to travel freely in any part of the state.
As soon as they are planted, they must be watered, or they may die.
The awards were presented to the doctors in charge of these two health centers by Dr. RC Laloo, Second Chief Minister of West Jaintia Hills for Nartiang PHC and by Mr. Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister in charge of PHE and Electricity at the Republic Day celebrations today in Jowai and Khliehriat.
He added that to say that only Sunday is a holy day is not appropriate anywhere, because there are Seventh Day churches, they can say why you hold it on Saturday. and also Muslims can say why hold on Wednesday, they can create a new day, those opposition groups.
In the 77th minute, Warlarpih shot another free-kick into Langsning's box and Lamare couldn't stop the ball. scored easily into the goal.
That's what I'm doing.
This came after the JNC visited Byndihati and Umtyra to inspect these two projects.
We have been influenced by foreigners to do business, what has this government done?
As a leader, I have tried that development works should not be partial, what is needed is to fulfill the duty properly without partiality,” said Bah Batskhem.
At the same time, the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, said that the District Council will not allow anyone to hold a fishing competition without the permission of the KHADC. Speaking to reporters after the Executive Committee meeting of the MDCs of KHADC today, the CEM said that the 2nd Amendment Bill-2016 will be introduced in the House. The KHADC dorbar will start on the 20th of this month.
The movement of vehicles carrying supplies, troops, medicines and equipment for truck repair shops along the roads will be closely monitored.
Every time we want the government to regulate agricultural products, but when we lay the foundation how can it go to the border of others, we urgently need the government to have its own land for The government has been working hard to support the farmers and to benefit the government as well as MUDA.
“These days, we are still busy because there is still a budget session and we are now preparing the requirements to send to the state government,” he said.
The Meghalaya High Court on 5th June upheld the conviction of former Mawhati MLA Julius Kitbok Dorphang in a Nongpoh Court in 2021 for raping a child. The court has rejected the charges of the former Chairman of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC).
We have already celebrated our 50th anniversary and now it is an opportunity for the state to stand up again from the voice and will of the people,” said Bah Paul.
Members of the Young Mizo Association and other residents gathered with the people and shouted against the Assam government.
Expressing the need to strengthen the security forces in the region, Sangma said that this responsibility has been placed on the state governments and at the same time many of the states are in financial difficulties.
“We strongly condemn this action of the BSF because in fact as the guardians of the border, they should be in the border areas.
The Mawlai area which had to pay the bill will pay to Mawlai Nongkwar and will be extended until 20th October this month and will have to pay to the headquarters of MeCEL. The CS said that from November to November 2013, the department had to miss work for 20 days due to protests such as bands, curfews and others. The project will be completed late and only in November it will be operational for only 12 days and thus there will be a significant increase and it will have to be provided for two months.
He also promised that the Central Government will continue to provide development projects to the people of Meghalaya as it has done so far especially if the BJP comes to power in the state.
I found this when I traveled to Norway, Italy and other places.
When asked how he sees the performance of the incumbent MLA, Bah Kennedy, Bah SK Sun declined to comment but said it is up to the people to judge because he himself does not want to say anything. Shillong, Naitung 25: After receiving information that Ricky, who was abducted by robbers, has returned home today, Rupang has met face to face with him to talk to him. what happened to him.
He said the court today rejected the bail application of the wife and son of TMC MLA Manik Bhattacharya, former President of the West Bengal Board of Primary Education.
Before joining Real Kashmir, he played for Swaraj FC. Later he also played for Bengaluru FC and FC Goa (reserves).
According to Ialinda, the Dkhar used to visit their house even when they were living in the old house and his visits to the village have reached 1000 people. They said that in an interview with him, he said that he lives in Jhalupara, Shillong.
She said that the way the virus spreads from one person to another is through marriage between those who are infected and those who are not infected without using any precautionary measures.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 85234 out of which 83355 have recovered and 1485 have died.
Shillong, Nailar 23: A young woman named Elizabeth Tudu, 18, has gone missing since the 20th of this month from Dhankheti, Shillong.
After joining United, the player will wear the number 7 jersey worn by Cristiano Ronaldo's David Beckham, which is the number that Ten Hag offered Mount during talks. to show how much you love him.
The closing date for receipt of entries will be on the 10th of this month.
It was after this that the women went to the Dorbar Shnong office to ask for clarification from the Rangbah Shnong and Secretary Shnong what they have done on their part.
When asked about the announcement on the promise to employ 10 lakh youth, Asha said, “With Modi, this will happen and this is the vision of the Prime Minister. to investors from all over the world to come and invest in the country, so that the country can be filled with jobs”.
I would like to ask those who make these allegations whether there is such a restriction or restriction on the worship of God through the government under the leadership of the NPP. The NPP itself is determined to protect the country. They are minorities and we also want to protect the identity of the indigenous people of the North East and India as a whole,” he said.
Similarly, sales of Nano Urea increased in Kharif 2023 compared to Kharif 2022 while sales of NCU decreased in Himachal Pradesh, Jammu & Kashmir. 2022-23 compared to 2021-22; Of these, 130 districts in 16 states have had a 12% decrease in the use of urea, with a 76% increase in the use of Nano Urea.
Here they say that the technology should be according to the conditions of the land and the types of plants or products that can be used to manage and manufacture.
The company has two large poultry farms in the area, one which discharges chicken egg waste to Tdoh Umtrew, built at Mawthei and the other to Tdoh Umsiang, 9Mer. , Tdohumsiang, which are two rivers in the area, which are dangerous to the health of the people.
“There are also groups who instead of joining hands with the demand to revise the reservation policy, they oppose it because it was started by us because they are afraid of the VPP. “I am surprised that even though they know that it is the nation to benefit, they are against it,” he said.
He urged the CEOs to strengthen the IT sector which includes training for those working in these sectors so that they can adapt to the changes.
On the other hand, the MLA urged them to unite and continue in their work as SHGs. He also urged them to feel free to inform him if they have any problems. .
Wanplielad Rynjah (45) of Lumparing, Lester Roy Shabong (72) of Wahingdoh, Morning Sumer (50) of Shnongpdeng, Spen Wahlang (80) of Pyndengumiong, Dongbir, West Khasi Hills. and he is dead in the house.
Jomsing Pariat scored the first goal of the match from the penalty spot.
We must understand that the Dorbar Shnongs work according to the customs and traditions,” said Bah Shanpru.
Up to 400 Class X students who have completed the 2nd Free Tuition Program 2023 sponsored by the MLA of Jowai Constituency, have received examination materials such as pens, pencils, scales, cardboard and others.
Village Defense Party (VDP) (1) President Mr.Edmon Lamare (2) Secretary Mr.Phermon Mukhim
The FKJGP Langpih area unit in recent days has spoken out in the media against the plan of the Nepalis to set up a new market which is a threat to our nation and we will be deprived of the trade.
Meghalaya will play its final match against Himachal Pradesh tomorrow.
Armorando Shullai of PHE XI scored an own goal in the 40th minute.
“It is not useful just to lay flowers but the important thing is to follow the footsteps and example set by Kiang Nangbah to ensure that the Jaidbynriew will be protected,” he said.
In 2020, while the entire country was in the midst of a pandemic, India was able to protect the livelihood opportunities of the poorest by providing cash payments.
Swapnil Tembe, DC, WGH, said, “You don't need to live here.
On the same night, the relatives of the deceased identified the body as Bah Rishad Sing Kharmutee.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that if the drought continues in the coming days, the generation of electricity from the Umiam Dam will soon be shut down.
After this, he spent his time preparing for the UPSC examination because he had a desire to pass the Civil Service since he was in school.
Haiti suffered a devastating earthquake 11 years ago, killing 250,000 people, injuring 300,000 and leaving some 1.5 million homeless.
The DC has called on the Director to discuss the ban on importing fish, because if it is no longer possible to import fish, the government will do so. after receiving the report from the Commissioner, Food Safety.
“She said that in this Act it is necessary to protect children whether they are victims or perpetrators so that they can be rehabilitated and socialized and change their behavior so that they can have a better future.
On the character of the Jirang MLA, the Chief Minister said that he is a very humble and quiet person, but the way he works is completely different from other leaders from Jirang. other Constituencies, because he is very efficient in his working methods and especially for the benefit of the people in that Constituency.
Prof. Sarat Saikia, Principal Scientist, HRS, AAU Kahikuchi Guwahati, Dr. Rajat Kumar Paul, Director, CDB, and Panchi Rajkhowa, Dr. Rajat Kumar Paul, Director, CDB, Dr. Field Officer CDB, RO, Guwahati.
When asked how the Secretary was elected, a person who lives near Shella said that the Secretary was elected only by the heads. people (chiefs) do not vote.
If the Government of Meghalaya doesn't do anything like this, without thinking carefully about the schools, the education in the state will continue to deteriorate. According to a report from the Government of India, the number of cases has decreased significantly.
The program began with a prayer by Rev.B.Thongni and the reading of the Word of God.
According to the SP of East Garo Hills, Vivekanand Singh, he is a robber and a robber in East Garo Hills and South Garo Hills.
The impact on the budget in terms of Dearness Allowance and Dearness Relief will be T.12,868.72 crore per annum.
The devil is afraid and terrified of the blood of the Son of God.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday announced the names of its two candidates for the upcoming elections from Garo Hills. hill in the elections to be held soon.
At noon, Bishop Ferdinand Dkhar gave the blessing through the Sacrament to the people gathered around the shop.
The DC's office and government departments will continue to inspect the rivers to improve the polluted rivers in the district especially to restore the reputation of Wah Lukha.
As a nation, we must not forget the great contribution of Rev.(Dr).
The tournament was opened by Herbert G Lyngdoh, Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills.
It is a pleasure and pleasure to hear the government's initiative and announcement to implement a mission to provide employment opportunities to the youth by helping them to stand on their own feet and not rely solely on government jobs.
These timber trucks number ML 05 F 4895 and AS 01 EC 0991 were seized by the Forest Department after the drivers of these timber trucks were drinking at Shangbangla while these vehicles were driving. four were parked along the highway.
“The issue of recognition for our homeland and the exact border of Hynniewtrep is the foremost demand of the HNLC. We hope that this peace talks with the Government will be fruitful. so that we can solve the problem of the Jaidbynriew,” said the statement.
There are some construction projects that are still going on even though they started 15 years ago.
The Hima includes the Slopeland, Table land, Steepland and Lowland.
“This bank accepts only 15 KYC per day and it issues orders and rejects other banks according to the information of those who have accounts in State Bank or Meghalaya Rural Bank accept only 15, 20 or If they understand that there is a shortage of staff, why don't they send from Shillong to help from time to time? “This KYC bank doesn't allow us to withdraw money,” said another mother.
The fire has caused the school to lose all its documents, photographs of the founders, the first piano in Meghalaya in the hall of the school, various Religious Books and other property.
I'm very sorry"
Furthermore, as other leaders from the Congress, BJP and UDP have come to join the NPP party, Prestone Tynsong has appealed to the people of Ri Bhoi to turn to the NPP party and if the NPP “Many development projects will continue to flow to this district which is a blessing for the people of Ri Bhoi,” he added.
He said that this is a long standing need and as Shillong is a famous tourist destination as well as the original capital of the former Assam, it deserves to receive this need.
The second semi final will be played on the 2nd of June between Mupliang Cricket Club and Efty United XI Mynso.
They also requested the people who went to Pyneh Rngiew on this day to refrain from sliew or burning fires, to take care of the surrounding areas and not to spread food items.
The Raj Bhavan expressed its gratitude to the state government and the health department for taking the initiative to conduct the testing of high risk cases and to monitor the patients and also to vaccinate all the people. employee at Raj Bhavan.
He said the site for the TB Hospital in Umsawli would be suitable and the government is preparing for this.
All the speakers from the Church to the Presbytery praised the good character of Tymmen Basan by saying that he is a hardworking judge and “a man of righteousness and holiness”. spirit".
Shillong: Meghalaya's Dipu Sangma took two wickets in the Ranji Trophy Plate Group match against Uttarakhand in Dehradun. /4.
“On the request of the Deputy Commissioner to reopen the Quarantine Centers in the villages, the Union said that they have already been closed since November and are only for foreigners. “On the part of the Dorbar Shnongs, we don't want to put people who are positive in these quarantine centres.
The farmers' associations include the Hills Farmers Union, Riwar Sepngi Farmers Union, Synroplang Ribhoi District Farmers Association, Warsan Lyngdoh Farmers Association, Nongklung Area Farmers Association and others.
When the girl was taken away, it was learned that Kong Wancy Dorphang, had promised in front of her family members to send her to school, by taking advantage of the They said that they were poor, but in fact they were not able to go to school when she arrived in Maharashtra.
However, it is clear that this stinginess and lack of attention of the authorities in charge of this area is a real inconvenience to the people of the area, who have to sit for hours. inside their vehicles without food or drink and to wait for the action of the relevant authorities so that they can walk back through this road and also disrupt their traffic and destroy many you that jam.
Kharang SC became the first team to reach the final of the 4th Division this season.
Thus, the crops were destroyed in the fields and sold at auction to those who came to buy without any income.
He said that under this training programme, khiew makers will have the opportunity to travel to Siliguri, West Bengal and Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh from 11th February to 20th February, two villages of Larnai and Tyrshang.
Marak alleged that the police chief came into the farm without any knowledge and fired several shots into the sky to intimidate the youths.
In Pool-C, Rymbai Synrang Shahkhaiñ has reached the quarter final.
Martle N Mukhim is the President of the Women's Wing and Agnes Kharsahnoh is the President of the Women's Wing. Sandondor Ryntathiang has been confirmed as a youngster.
According to Goa police, these nine persons were involved in cheating the residents by pretending to be employees of banks and offering to lend money and at the same time, they demanded money from those citizens in the form of a fine.
At present, the Congress in Garo Hills has 14-15 seats out of 24 seats which the struggle is fierce and hopeful of winning.
It is native to West Africa, but it can also survive in other areas where the climate is hot and humid and requires a lot of water to cultivate.
Mukul Sangma is still in Delhi to resolve the issue and take a final decision, where it is believed that the ticket could be released before the election. on the 12th of this month.
During the programme, students were seen jogging along the Dhankheti-Barik road to the State Central Library and Meghalaya High Court and ending at Police Bazaar. along the road.
What kind of wisdom do you have?
Shillong, Naiwieng 12 : Meghalaya beat Karnataka by 115 runs in the opening match of the Vijay Hazare Trophy one day this season in Kolkata on Saturday.
Shillong: The Legal Rights Observatory (LRO) has demanded that the Chief Secretary of the Mawphlang CHC, Shillong, should remove the Bible literature from the Mawphlang CHC.
I worked hard for four years and earned the patience of the people.
Quina, immediately after speaking to reporters, died of shock and grief over the death of her husband.
Only East Khasi Hills District has performed well in some areas and has reached the 57th position.
There were reports of robbers who blew up the school on Saturday morning.
FKJGP President Dundee Khongsit said that the FKJGP has collected drinking water from the water tanks around the villages of Shillong for testing. see if it is suitable for public use.
The four victims were identified as I Love You Talang, Lodestar Tang, Shidorki Dkhar and Marsanki Tariang.
Other films that have won the award are as follows: Ïewduh (Khasi), directed by Sankar Lall Goenka and directed by Pradip Kurbah.
It is to be recalled that the first Bishop of the Catholic Church among the Khasi was Most Rev Abp T Resto Phanrang from this village who was ordained Bishop on 23rd November He was appointed Archbishop on 10 November
The funeral of three brothers who died in a bomb blast on Easter Sunday in Sri Lanka was held today.
“The people have strongly opposed the issuance of NOC by the JHADC to this factory because the Waheh Shnongs have issued the NOC without the knowledge of the people,” said S Shadap.
We need the Khasi Social Custom Lineage Bill to ban Muslims”.
The purpose of the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) is to declare India a Hindu country.
The Global Times editor's tweet came after Rajnath Singh said yesterday that China has lost many of its troops in the fighting with Indian troops. in July last year.
On the same day, the MLA also handed over the cleaning equipment, syntek, tyrpar and top syntek to four villages in Kyntonmassar.
The bodies were later loaded into a truck and buried in specially designed cemeteries on the outskirts of New York City, including Central Park, which has become a from the cemetery.
JOWAI: The Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) Jowai in collaboration with the District Social Welfare Officer, has conducted a three day training for women farmers on how to farm without food. use of pesticides (Organic farming).
The UDP said that the opening of the project will open the door for foreigners to get recognition from the government as there is no strong basis to prevent them from doing so. to register in this project (UID) especially here in the state where there is no mechanism to stop the influx and infiltration of foreigners in the state.
On 13/8/2021, former HNLC leader Cheristerfield Thangkhiew was killed inside his residence and the government has appointed a Commission of Inquiry to investigate the incident. The Commission has already submitted its report to the Home (Political) Department.
For unbelievers it may be something else and it is just the birth of another person in this world.
Bihar came first and Jharkhand came second.
However, he said that it is not too late, as the road will be improved soon within the next few months of this year. .
The Brahmaputra River is the main source of trade in Assam through ships and small boats.
Those political parties that claim to be at the forefront of change, no matter how strong they are, should focus on some important issues.
Such a difficulty is another shylluit to a flower that doesn't grow anymore.
Two persons have been arrested in Mairang.
After a complaint from these patients, the test was conducted again, and it was found that the test was wrong, although these people, are still in quarantine.
Shillong, Nailar :The Deputy Commissioner (Excise), East Khasi Hills District has declared 15th Nailar 2023 as a Dry Day across the district on the occasion of the Independence Day celebrations. Day).
On employment, Pala said that if the Congress comes to power, we will come up with policies to ensure that the salaries of educated youth should not be less. to T.1 lakh per annum.
Eternity is a place where man must go one day from this world and never come back.
The word Subani means 'Hygiene' and includes many ways of taking care of one's body, one's household, one's garden, one's road. , and his city.
“We hope to see the signs of Bah Marshall and we suspect that he will survive,” said Bah Chyne.
The Minister said that the ban on coal in 2014 has affected the state in terms of revenue loss and has also affected the people and other activities.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Pariat praised the work of SBI in implementing the e-corner which will operate 24 hours a day.
Ms Kharmujai said that the area has many sports teams, which will soon produce Mary Kom and Baichung Bhutia, if the youth are allowed to play chess.
He said that the cleft lip and palate surgery will be conducted at the Mission Smile Comprehensive Cleft Lip Center at Mahendra Mohan Choudhury Hospital Guwahati due to the lack of adequate equipment. care for those who need to accomplish this.
KSU Ranikor Circle has demanded that the state government should set up an independent inquiry into the death and loss of fish in the Kynshi River, allegedly due to the spill of bih from the uranium mining company Maheswari. in this area.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 14: The lack of adequate drinking water in five villages of Nongtrai area including Japung, Mawdonglang, Jriangsin, Nongthymmai, Nongpdeng (N) Borkhe, Mawkohram, Lumdiengjri and Ïawnaw. The residents of West Khasi Hills and East Garo Hills have been in dire straits.
Nongpoh Lber 23: The Dorbar Shnong of Sohliya Village in Ri-Bhoi District has invited all land owners to come and meet with the Village Leaders on the 2nd June from 10 am with the necessary documents. , according to a statement from the Rangbah Shnong, Bah O Lyngkhoi.
“Where does Mawsynram go during the ration shortage and where does Mawsynram go when there is no doctor of CHC and where does Mawsynram go when the Dkhars come to perform puja inside Mawjymbuin Creek and many others? “Other incidents have happened and they see them as outsiders, the village in fact should have fought but it is silent,” said the statement.
Eesha Koppikkar plays the role of Preity's friend in the film.
Earlier, the director, Bah W Nongsiej, said that he didn't have to write about the traditional music because if he doesn't have the voice, if he doesn't listen, he won't be able to do it.
There are 760 recoveries and 14 deaths.
Khliehriat, June 22: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Kyrmen Shylla today inaugurated the Adolescent Health Resource Center at Khliehriat Higher Secondary School. This will bring good results for those young children to help raise awareness about the problems of child marriage.
Sangma also expressed his concern over the state of peace and order in the state, saying that he had visited the villages on the outskirts of Ri-Lum Garo. He said that when he went to the village, the people cried out to him and said that they have experienced the government led by Captain Sangma, the government led by Captain Sangma. Bah BB Lyngdoh, the government of PA Sangma, the government of Bah DD Lapang, the government of Salseng Marak, but they have never found such a government led by Dr. Mukul Sangma.
"The Taliban urgently needs to strengthen their income and trade," Muhammad Faizal bin Abdul Rahman told reporters.
The test is almost in the diagnosis.
But not everyone is so strong.
Many of the residents of this village have refused to participate in the National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (NREGS) and other government schemes such as housing schemes, electricity ring schemes, and others. since 2016 because they are afraid of Aadhaar.
Many times we feel as if we have been burdened and we are weak, we are weak, we are lynga, we are discouraged and overwhelmed with fear.
The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to introduce some amendments to the existing laws to empower the villages and direct them to register the names of the residents and recognize them. their entry and exit for the sake of the nation.
The KSU Lapyngap also strongly condemns the CEM of JHADC for not taking any responsibility for the land.
Bluebell R Sangma from the Congress, Bluebell R Sangma, wife of former Chokpot MLA Mason Singh Sangma, is also from the NCP; but which went to join the Congress.
The Taliban have reportedly captured Kang District and dozens of soldiers have surrendered.
The 3rd MLP Battalion has qualified for the semifinals after beating Soil Conservation XI 3-1 in the Inter Office Football Tournament organized by the Meghalaya State Government Employees' Federation (MSGEF) at Kiang Nangbah Stadium today. First.
As the name Smart Town, it is right to see such a beautiful project and it is right to hand over the work to the locals.
Congress Legislative Party (CLP) Leader Ronnie V. Lyngdoh declined to disclose the names of the candidates and said that the time is not right to announce the candidates but they will be announced publicly. The candidate will be elected before the end of this month after receiving the approval of the All India Congress Committee (AICC).
Ratna Gogoi Thapa registered with the Sub-Registrar Nongpoh on 6th July 2003 in the name of Smti.
Verma has lodged a complaint with East Jaintia Police that a manager of a petrol station in Ratacherra has been robbed of Rs 4 lakh by his driver and two others. Saturday.
The names of the 23 Indian players are Lionel Daryl Rymmei, Divyaj Dhaval Thakkar and Manjot Singh Parmar, Thomas Kana-moottil Cherian, Jahangir Ahmad Shagoo, Vijay Marandi, A Siba Prasad, Manabir Basumatary, Surajkumar and Ri Singh Ngatetem. , Manglentheng Kipgen, Ishaan Shisho Arjun Singh Oinam, Yash Chikro, Ebindas Yesudasan, Raja Harijan and Thumsol Tong, Gwgwmsar Goyary, Sahil Khurshid, Linky Meitei Chabungbam, Kelvin Singh Taorem, Naoba Meitei and Dinesh Singh Soubam.
Speaking to reporters, Bhutia said, “Bah Larsing Ming Sawyan (who has been serving as President of the MFA for two terms) has made a great contribution to the football industry in Meghalaya. , but the time had come for a change in which his teammate (Eugeneson) had to replace him so that it would be a great help to promote football in Meghalaya as a whole. .
" “I have to advise the CM to avoid getting close to this person.
He said that during the meeting with the Deputy Commissioner, they also reminded him that the Shallang C&RD Block has not been operational for almost a year since it was opened. This was announced by the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongal Sangma in November last year.
Remember not to exercise too much as it can affect the whole body and also remember not to run or carry heavy objects to lose weight during pregnancy which can affect the baby. still pun.
Police were alerted at 4:12 pm and about 10 fire engines arrived at the scene.
Secondly, it is the first time that the new Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan will address the 59 newly elected MLAs of the First Assembly who have just won the elections held in on the 27th of June.
He said that under the Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Gram Jyoti Yojana scheme, 43 villages and 2902 beneficiaries have been electrified, while under the Saubhagya scheme, 506 villages and 29,068 beneficiaries have been provided with electricity in West Jaintia Hills. He said the government will launch another scheme known as the Revamped Distribution Sector Scheme (RDSS) to provide electricity to those villages which have not yet been completed under the Saubhagya scheme.
The Government has set up a High Level Committee to find ways and means to relocate the Metor Area from Them Iew Mawlong after the 2018 riots in Motphran.
When an official of the Church commits a sin, it should be set and hidden, but then the Church will be honored before the world.
Only a few live in government offices such as Block Offices and others in rural areas.
Speaking to reporters, MYCC General Secretary Lamborful Wanniang said that the celebration, which has been going on for 1 year, will be inaugurated by the MP of Shillong Seat, Vincent H. Pala with the participation of local leaders.
The Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSA) has decided to send a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma. Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui.
The counting of votes for Jirang, Mawhati, Umroi, Umsning and Nongpoh constituencies will be held at Nongpoh.
“We need to have measures to monitor the salaries and that the current authorities should think carefully about the many proposals or proposals for these specialists so that we can fill all the vacancies. empty in the list of specialists,” said the Minister.
According to the State Disaster Management Authority (SDMA), there are 213 villages and more than 26,000 residents have been affected so far.
Rimphu Marak, Chief of ANVC-B, has apologized to the people for suffering so much during the ANVC-B's activities.
and they went up on the breadth of the earth, and compassed the camp of the saints about, and the city Jerusalem.
At the Lyngwiar Thohdur which is currently underway at ICSSR, NEHU will also have a seminar of experts from both sides to showcase their skills and explain the status of Thohdur in their respective states. straight.
Witnesses said that the protest was very strong, and that the mynder began from that time.
After receiving a tip, police rushed to the scene at about 3:00 pm and found two LP trucks number ML 05 R 8288 driven by Jeremaiah Kharkongor The other was identified as ML05 R 3183, driven by Rajesh Dkhar, 25, of Puriang village.
The tourists from Russia were planning to go to Silchar, Assam but when they saw the festival they stopped at Sonapyrdi and went down to the Lukha River to take part in the festival.
As part of this model, we have introduced three levels of prevention and measures:- Monitoring of infected areas and breaking the chain of transmission Strengthening health facilities to treat COVID-19 patients -19 Strengthen and raise awareness among the public and communities In order to investigate and prevent the spread of the disease, the State Response Team of COVID-19 has been appointed to take measures to curb the spread of the disease.
Pooja Misra, who has been spreading false news, has recently alleged that during the shooting of Abhi Toh Party Shuru Hui Hai, she was raped by three men. people in Jaipur.
Other groups are focused on seeking RTI (Right to Information) with the aim of finding out and exposing corruption or mismanagement of those MLAs. time and even various government departments cannot say that these are the times when they need to provide the answers requested by these groups who are against not the government departments but the working methods or the schemes. The emergence of these groups may be through their own wishes because of their opposition to the MLA.
Another person has died of severe injuries after a fire broke out in Chutwakhu Sarhen, West Jaintia Hills, bringing the death toll to three.
On the other hand, Conrad Sangma in his speech praised the decision of the Rambrai MLA to join the NPP party. It will be of benefit not only to the party but especially to the people of Rambrai Constituency as a whole.
“Know this thylliej of mine who is ready to do so.
Chief Guest Prestone Tynsong said that the laying of the foundation stone is a witness to the heritage of Jowai constituency and the city of Jowai.
“We are currently preparing the blueprint and it will be sent to the HPC and after that, the government will call for talks with them.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has lodged a complaint against the PIO of the Principal Chief Conservator of Forests (PCCF) on the grounds that he failed to provide information to the PIO. Lafarge Mining Pvt Limited has invested T.72.66 crore in the project.
At the same time, he said that as a party in Mawkyrwat Constituency, we have been left behind and abandoned by our leaders in these few days, just because they have gone to join themselves. to others but as a party we are confident in our foundation and even today there are many elders who still understand the strong foundation of the party.
According to the residents of the area, the earthquake has occurred in all parts of the area, and there has also been a water shortage in the rivers which has destroyed all the small and large bridges. It is reported that near the village the Pungweikyian bridge connecting the village with the Umniuh Tmar has almost collapsed. The road from the bridge has been cut off and it is now left without a bridge and no one can walk anymore.
He said he had not promised anything on this issue as the HLC had not yet completed its consideration and the work was still ongoing.
He therefore encouraged and encouraged them not to complain about the shortcomings but to go ahead and take advantage of the opportunities provided by the government through the schemes and other assistance allocated for the purpose of achieving a full life to be with other fellow human beings and to achieve the goal of working together to bring about further change.
As part of the peace and security efforts, the two Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam will visit Block-I & II. The Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam will meet as scheduled on the 24th of June.
John 4:24.
Shillong, July 8: Former CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Adelbert Nongrum, has criticized the incumbent CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem. The Village Administration Bill, 2015 has been amended by the KHADC.
They insist that they are better than those of other developed nations in the world.
It is now that the government has turned to the farmers and launched the FOCUS scheme with the aim of improving agriculture and how to market the products they have harvested from their hard work. all year round".
FB Sangma has been appointed as the acting chairman.
The suspected plastic rice was taken from the shop and sent to Guwahati for testing and it will take up to three months to get the report.
The rally was also organized by the Hynniewtrep Youth Council, Raid Nongtung Circle under the leadership of Samla Hercules Suting as President and Samla Shemphang Masharing General Secretary. HNYF, youth organizations from different villages, women, village leaders, commercial vehicle drivers and other elders.
Earlier, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Manohar Lal Khattar, said that the state will implement the NRC soon. Earlier, ahead of the MP elections 2019, Shah announced that the BJP government will They have robbed all the powers of India.
The incident occurred after a group of women and youths left a rally held at Madan Student, where about 200 people started to protest. police and police in Motphran.
The court has heard the case but has not issued any decision at the time of writing.
James said the Taxation Department has already posted the rules on the website and published them in the newspapers before making the rules in the Act. Shnong to give any comments whether they oppose or accept and this was published in the newspapers on 27th July
Those who gave the training to the people of Umden area include Bah PS Marwein, Officer Incharge of Nongpoh Police Station, Bah VDS Rymbai, Deputy Superintendent of Police, Head Quarter, Sub-Inspectors including U.S. PK Lyngdoh, Alphius Sangma, Alfas Nongkhlaw and other elders of Umden area.
The case will be heard again on 20th October
The Congress leader today wrote a letter in his own blood demanding that Congress leader Sonia Gandhi not allow Rahul Gandhi to lead the party. Congress.
He turned his eyes away.
She said that we need more public awareness especially in schools, homes, prisoners and also to educate the farmers.
The project has been supervised by the PWD Central Division under the supervision of the Executive Engineer.
Psalm 119:160.
This distribution will continue for another 5 (five) years starting from 1st July
During the meeting with the management of the Toll Plaza, the leaders of these three organizations, had the opportunity to talk to the officials of Eagle Infra India Ltd, who came to talk to Anup Bal as Toll Manager. On the other hand, he said that there has been no such donation by the Sengbhalang since the acquisition of Eagle Infra.
However, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has been counted as a dewthala and has been forced to hand over to the taxi drivers who are more able to earn in the midst of heavy traffic jams than usual. that this affects their income.
These nine teachers include Ritalin Kurkalang from Khatarshnong Block, Lomida Nongkynrih from Mawkynrew Block, Kissimai Kharmuti from Mawphlang Block, Shallmery Kharbani from Mawsynram Block, Emica Kharnaior from Mylliem Block, Wankles from Mylliem Block. Block Bad Kong Citynola Na Shella Bholaganj Block.
With this goal, Mumbai Knights became stronger and played well at the start of the second half and had a chance to score from the penalty spot.
Bah Adelbert thanked everyone for encouraging him as a leader, who has tried himself not only to be that leader, but also to be a leader.
Many of them enter the villages in the morning.
The Government has not yet announced when it will implement the Roster System and at the same time, whether it will change the Reservation Policy. get you get jam.
It reads, “Sadhu Sundar Singh publicly declares that it was the Holy Spirit who converted him to Christianity, while it was his mother who guided and taught him to become a Pukir or Sadhu.
“Kar Bangalee, 20 people, 20 newspapers,” he said.
The entry of foreign students will deprive 11 other Khasi and Garo students of their opportunity to study medicine.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government will invite stakeholders to discuss and discuss the state government's plan to introduce the railway station in Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi District.
“We also express that this Government does not think carefully that the Khalai can also lead to other evils in the society, such as drug abuse, prostitution and other evils in these Khalai areas. .
Ukraine's health ministry said 198 people, including three children, had been killed in Russia's air strikes on Kyiv.
Paiem Ainam, Syiem of Mylliem Hima as the Chief Guest, said that the Hima is happy because Mawklot is a village that runs smoothly and does not have any problems. .
On the other hand, the residents of these Hynniew Shnongs said that they will meet with the Deputy CEM of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem who is also the Executive Member in-charge of the Elaka in the coming days. talk about this part.
Regarding the illegal infiltration of foreigners by these groups, the police at the Infiltration Check Byrnihat, said that they have no information about the escape of these foreigners. They have arrested these foreigners but have not informed or handed them over to the Infiltration Police at Byrnihat.
Also present on the occasion were Trabilin Nongbri, Rangbah Shnong, Secretary Shnong, Members of the Vigilance Committee Laitnongkseh, Members of the HYC Nongkseh Unit and beneficiaries of the project. After investigation and clarification from the officer, it was found that the office of the DC (Supply) East Khasi Hills has already released the rice from the PMGKAY scheme to the village. From June, 2020, those who fall under the AAY and PHH lists have been allocated 5 kilos per head of population free of charge.
Hahaha.
The meeting decided to demand from the Central Government through the State Government to recognize the Myntdu River as the National River of India and to improve and revive it.
He said that for the first time that the BJP has won the elections in the North East, everyone says it was a coincidence but in Assam and Manipur the BJP has won the elections. won the election twice.
However, one thing that is more surprising is that in other incidents as we have seen in these days, the government is quick to announce assistance like what happened to those who collapsed in the coal mine in East Jaintia Hills in the past years. .
We cannot expect anything good from this government now.
The HYC also suggested to strengthen the security forces to bring peace and order.
Dr B Lato from the National Health Mission said that the government has set a target that there should be no voluntary donation of blood to the Regional Blood Bank so that it can be used at any time when the patients need it. not to be replaced only if necessary for family or friends.
“If they don't send a reply, the government will hold a meeting to discuss this issue and we are here to take a decision on their behalf,” said Bah Sniawbha.
The kurs of this village are Nonglait, Iawphniaw, Snaitang, Marshillong, Sangriang, Kharmaw, Kharbani, Myrthong and Shangdiar.
The people, on the other hand, looked at him with humility.
Over 15.7 lakh participants have registered this year for the essay contest.
They shall not be ashamed for three years.
Dr Roy said that the communities living in Shillong need to live a life of mutual respect.
The deceased and the injured were from Assam.
When asked about the allegation by former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma on the electricity shortage in the state, Conrad said, “There were many projects signed at that time. , but not that we have canceled these projects without consideration but we have appointed a committee to consider before canceling these projects, and after consideration it was found that these projects have started many There are shortcomings that if we continue to play chess, they will put the state in great trouble and we will destroy it”.
According to Worldometer, India has 2,97,001 cases, while the UK has 2,91,4
Speaking to media, Bah Roykupar Synrem, Convener of MECAW, said that the VC has decided to hold the meeting of the Academic Council today online, so that he will be able to take advantage of this meeting.
At the same time, he said that Operation Hillstorm-3 of the police will be conducted in Garo Hills along with SWAT, SF-10 and CAPE. “It's a good idea to take a new path,” said Anurag S Sangma, one of the graduates.
Before concluding the interview, Rupang asked what the HSPDP will do to Fenela who is the only one who opposes the party's decision. “We have to take a firm decision, we have to take action because this is not the first time she has done it, she has done it when we are talking about the ILP' “It's 'No Way Out',” said Mr. Witting.
However, after a while, Meghalaya started to lose slowly after losing one wicket after another and were reduced to 157 runs for the loss of seven wickets.
I will first familiarize myself with this department and see how we can improve the facilities for the benefit of the residents across the State,” she said.
Regarding the lack of roads, the residents of Nongshyrkon, Umshynrut, Nongkrong and others said that they have been wanting for a long time.
The bodies of the brothers were taken to the Raliang Beat House by the Raliang Beat House Police Station. The bodies of the brothers are still at the Civil Hospital in Ialong. The post mortem will be completed.
The semifinal of the TASA Second Division will be played on the 8th November 2022 between Rangshangkham SC and Mawrohroh SC at 1 pm.
It is not known whether it is wrong or not to write like that, but if it is not illegal and does not affect the society like bad words, slanderous words and that it requires to understand the truth to be knowledgeable to them. Therefore, we cannot escape from that and we are happy to move forward only if we are free from the slander, the evil words.
This meeting was part of the commemoration of the 161st birth anniversary of Khla Wait, Khad-Ar Dolloi Woh Kiang Nangbah.
We cannot say that in the past 75 years, the rich have become rich, the rich have become rich, the rich have risen.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Ranikor Circle has raised a question with the Government after the Tourism Department has decided to hold the Beach Festival on the 19th and 20th July 2024 in Ranikor. state on the development of the Kynshi River.
In particular, we should not do politics for the sake of our own interests or for the benefit of our party.
I would also like to confirm the 10 commitments that will ensure that the people of Meghalaya will benefit from the development of the State and that the development in the next four years will be equitable, sustainable and true,” he said. said the Prime Minister in his speech on the budget in the House.
The Slong, Shylla, which are most numerous in Jaintia Hills, are the Kur and Thangkhiew, which are most numerous in Khasi Hills.
He said that in the last four and a half years the MDA government under the leadership of the NPP has introduced many schemes to help the farmers.
When asked, Bah Tynsong said, “Whether to give a sign or not depends on the progress of the work.
“The reason for this is because the Council has faced a lot of difficulties because all three departments – the Executive, Legislative and Judicial – have worked together from this office,” he added.
Shillong, Iaiong 25: The roof of the Presbyterian School in Bakur, Dawki has collapsed on Saturday night. you are in the midst of a great storm that seems to fall.
At the same time, he said that to strengthen the protection of the villagers of the state, “We will demand from the central government to implement the ILP in Meghalaya as it has done in Manipur”.
Shri.Kyrshan Dkhar (father) Smt.
“It is time for the indigenous people to take over their shops or shops in the market and if they cannot, they should hand them over to the Hima Mylliem and the Hima will hand them over to the youth who do not need them,” he said. , he said.
The UDP, HSPDP, PDF or KHNAM, whether they are strong or weak, may all have some candidates who are strong, brave, intelligent, intelligent, strong and strong; but generally taken from the public voice they are found to be hopeless and untrustworthy.
Earlier, the Prime Minister had said that Benedic will be warned according to the rules of the party because he did not agree to step down from the post of CEM as directed by the party. Limison is a two-time Congress MLA from Raksamgre and is close to Dr Mukul Sangma. Dr Mukul and joined Conrad K Sangma.
Many times we have met with the DC's office and the Municipal Board to demand the removal of the illegal residents.
“The PM Kisan scheme was launched by the central government and therefore the state government should have launched it to everyone in Meghalaya but the state government has not distributed these assistance, but they call it the FOCUS scheme,” he said. and Rinaldo K Sangma.
The match between Wahiajer and Nangbah Iawmusiang ended in a 1-1 draw in the 1st Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Monday.
Of course, we as the residents of Khliehtyrshi, we accept the secret ballot election of Waheh Shnong because we understand that this is the best way to elect any leader in the community, but the The reason why we request the JHADC to appoint an Acting Waheh Shnong is because until now we as the residents of the village have not received any information from the former Waheh Shnong regarding the expenditure of services in the village for 3 years. and the end of thy days shall be fulfilled.
At this meeting, which was attended by people from different villages of Lyngkyrdem-Pynrusla area, they discussed the works of this rangbah of the jaitbynriew who has been a creator of this area for 25 years.
Besides losing the love of their parents, they also lose the love of their relatives, which causes them to go back and seek love just to return to a good life.
The reason, given by the police, is to prevent traffic jam on the National Highway and also on the minor roads around Shillong.
Belldona Pakyntein (Low Kick Women – 52 kg) 5.
Investigation officials said that his death may have been caused by the impact of explosives fired by the police during the arrest.
These nine persons were arrested by the crowd on charges of being menshohnoh while they were returning from a place where they were eating khana from Syntung area, Mawkynrew constituency.
He said that Wahlyngkhat is a village under the Raid Nongblai and the cleanliness drive was first started on 2nd March, 1990 and after that in 2006 the Dorbar Shnong took over the cleanliness drive. He said that the decision will not allow the residents to release pigs inside the village but they should keep them inside their own homes. your own your own toilet.
If the incumbent MLAs leave the party in 2023, the party will also lose its name.
“Besides these, what makes the government proud is that it has been able to provide health care to mothers and children.
That is, that person SAVES HIMSELF, from eternal death in hellfire.
Tickets can be obtained from the SSA Counter at Polo from 10 am.
The Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, said the Cabinet meeting has decided to provide assistance to those people affected by the floods according to the circumstances.
Shashank was replaced by Ashish Kundra.
Other civil society organizations and villages which have appeared in the newspapers have also expressed their gratitude to the 6 Shnong Wah Lukha Association.
“Now it is not like in the past when Meghalaya needs foreigners and the CRPF is eager to recruit youth from Meghalaya,” he said.
In the final, R.Shkenshynriah SC beat Sutnga SSCC 1-0 with the first goal scored by Obadaia Bareh in the 73rd minute. R.Shkenshynriah SC has won the tournament this year.
Nongstoin, Naiwieng 4: The examination is approaching, as the villages which have lost transformers are Mawkhlam, Siejlieh, Shohphria, Khyllem and others.
Lumshnong area is 101 km from Malidor to Wapung and the people who go to the office to complete their work have to spend at least 10,000 tyngka. “It's too far away,” said the speakers at the public hearing conducted by the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, Bah FM Dopth.
The prizes for the Ticket Lucky Draw are 1st Prize: WAGON R (New Model), 2nd Prize: Alto 800, 3rd Prize: Asprilla Storm.
In West Khasi Hills, there are 2 high risk cases and in South West Garo Hills, there is 1 case.
“That morning, we had tea and congratulated each other but he was in a hurry to go to his meeting.
John the Apostle, one of the disciples whom Jesus loved, who slept with him, who leaned on the Shadow of Jesus on the night of the Last Supper, who was at the foot of the Cross on the day of His death. Jesus died on the Cross, saying these words, "The greatest love a man can have for his friends is to lay down his life for them.
The PHE department has attributed the water shortage to the overcrowding of the water pipes and the presence of flooded areas.
Shillong Lajong FC became the first club from the North East to qualify for the I-League in the 2009-10 season.
Nongpoh: Regarding the problems faced by the farmers in Jirang Constituency and also the problems faced by the pig farmers, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, has taken action and sent a letter to the petitioner to the Ministers of the State Government, so that they can help these farmers who have faced difficulties.
The committee will guide the department in charge of drafting laws to promote the mining of coal using scientific methods and after preparation will be sent to the NGT. Chief Minister Mukul Sangma He said that the submission of the report on the illegal mining of coal is part of the NGT's order. The Chief Secretary and the Director General of Police (DGP) to ensure that the mining of coal is illegal and should be stopped completely in the state.
Hundreds of vehicles have come to park in the morning and many vehicles have come to park in the evening.
After the filing of nomination papers, Thunder Warjri, BJP candidate from Pariong-Mawthadraishan Constituency, arrived on the same day to complete the filing of nomination papers and to take oath before the Returning Officer of Mairang Civil Sub Division. .
Similarly, the flooding of the Tisang River has carried away and covered the lyngkhot trees and covered the farmland near the Tisang River. the shipmen who used to build ships in this river.
He said that the party cannot accept that under the PMGSY scheme, which is a scheme of the central government, the road has only been cleaned.
However, it was seen that some MLAs have done well and have been able to win their candidates, Dr. Donkupar Roy has won both from Sohra and Shella constituencies, Bah Kimfa Marbaniang has won both from Sohra and Shella constituencies. Congress candidate from Rambrai, Ampareen Lyngdoh has won against her husband from Malki-Laitumkhrah, Jason Sawkmie Mawlong has won against his brother from Umsning, MLA from Nongpoh, Umroi, Jirang and others. defeated their candidates.
“Besides searching vehicles, the CISF will also help to curb the smuggling of smuggled goods and to ensure that vehicles carry goods according to the weight limit. the State and the National Highways” she added.
After the Chairman announced the committee to resolve the issue with the higher authorities and to appoint the members of the committee, the people who supported the view of Bah Joy left the Dorbar. .
When there are too many people in the same household, problems arise especially in this state where there are too many leaders while there are too many followers.
On the other hand, the ruling PDF has decided to contest against Bah Mansturdy Nongrem for the post of Chairman of the Council.
The KSU was formed in Delhi in the presence of former President of the KSU Central Body and Chairman of the NESO, Samuel B Jyrwa.
The purpose of the cleaning is to maintain a clean environment in this area.
“The men of the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma who bombed and tied me and Kong Agnes, Nidamon Chullet who was present on that day shot and tied us. Conrad K Sangma knows well how many of his men were involved in shooting and bombing us,” she said.
In the meeting with other cassette vendors, they also expressed the same feeling.
“The CAB cannot be implemented in India but in the North East it should be implemented at the discretion of the state government.
It is in Assam that the Government of India has been urged to have a new NRC (not 1951), which is complete and the heads of people who should be included in this NRC are only those who live in Assam. on or before October 24, 1971.
“We have already prepared the DPR for the transformation, because we have a plan to have a sports complex and a good ground,” he said. I can't start the work.
It is worth mentioning that the incident of assault on the ASHA worker happened on the 24th of this month.
“When the truck drivers asked for a letter which was approved by the MLA, the gatekeepers gave something else,” he said.
The Deputy Commissioners from Assam and Meghalaya will also submit their reports on the incident at the meeting between the two CMs. this issue and we want to maintain peace at all costs," he added.
Prestone said that there are already laws which the government has passed and if the discussion is to amend those laws like the Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security Act the government is ready to accept. .
Under – 17 Years (Girls) – are those born on or before 1st July
This will also be the first time in 54 years since Karnataka won the title in 1968-6
They have worked around the world with various communities in Meghalaya.
They also said that the government should deploy more policemen to patrol the village, as at present there are only about 6 policemen patrolling the village and there is still instability in the village.
On the other hand, the regional parties are also present in the states and have their own power because of the desire of the people to express and preserve the image of the culture of the jaidbynriew and this is evident through the victory of the DMK in the elections. Tamil Nadu, the YSRCP in Andhra Pradesh, the INC, the Akalis in Punjab, the TMC in West Bengal, the Left or INC in Kerala have been able to stop the BJP's victory across India.
It has been proved that he is still being deceived by that deception every five years, and that he is still being deceived by those deceptions of the deceivers that come every five years.
KSU General Secretary Donald Thabah said the allegation by the LRO is “unfair” and “unfounded”.
Regarding the second list, it was informed that it will include more constituencies in Garo Hills and it will be released soon.
The State Government has decided to provide support to the two Autonomous District Councils in Garo Hills and Jaintia Hills which are in the midst of financial crisis which has led to the inability to pay the salaries of their employees from now on. the last few years.
The villages and townships that have been declared included in the Containment Zone include Umsning Proper-A, Jyntru, three villages under Lum Nongrim, including Dewlieh, Lad Zero and Umkaliar, while another factory known as Vikash Saw Mill-cum Veneer & Eastern Saw Mill at Umiam has been included in the same list.
At the same time, it is a shame for the MeECL East Jaintia Hills District, that even the District Headquarters is still facing more and more problems in the supply of electricity. Take care to provide electricity to the entire village of Khliehriat as maximum of the people rely on electricity for many of their activities.
The PDF CEC also formed the Central Finance Committee with the election of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh MLA from Mawkynrew Constituency and Minister of State as Chairman and Bah Aiborlang L Nonglait as Secretary. Gavin M Mylliem and Auspicious Lyngdoh Mawphlang as members.
The EM said that he will discuss the matter with the Chief Executive Member and said that as they have not informed anything from the Hima, no one has been informed. , who shall not be appointed by the District Council.
On the other hand, the KSU Sohra Circle has warned the visitors not to spread or pollute this beautiful place and if they find it they will punish them severely and they will also talk to the Syiem of Sohra Hima. , that he may look upon this wickedness of the strangers.
According to the register, there were 42 religious leaders who signed their names but dozens of others could not enter and waited outside because the venue was too crowded.
Phramer Police Station informed the Search and Rescue Team, Shillong who came to help and recovered the body of the youth from the thwei this morning.
“The Government has introduced many missions for the farmers but for the synsar farmers it is sad that it has killed us because the price in the market has dropped by more than half,” he said.
Shillong, Nailur 30: The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) on Thursday demanded that an inquiry be conducted at the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Rourkee into the failure of the new Legislative Assembly. State of Mauritius.
However, the long-standing demand and the beginning of strengthening this demand came after the leading leaders of the National Federation of New State (NFNS) led by Professor Munish Tamang and others, They explained at a public meeting held at Teteng Ajaa Square in Tura on 30th March last year that the Garo uprising has started and spread rapidly. until all the places of the city.
The state government has also appointed a Special Investigation Team (SIT) to conduct the investigation headed by the DIG Eastern Range.
Shillong, November 10: The Mawkhar Youth Association (MYA) has held a Walkathon today morning 9th November 2023 with the first President of the Mawkhar Youth Association Dr.BPS Toi I The Walkathon was launched in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Arwan Tariang, Members of the Executive Committee of Mawkhar Dorbar Shnong, Members of Mawkhar Women's Wing, Mawkhar Welfare Organization, Members of Mawkhar Sports Club and residents of Mawkhar. Dorbar Shnong from the youngest to the oldest.
U Kynjatshai, on learning of this, went down to inspect with his own eyes inside the stadium but he saw that the stadium is still taking time to complete. stay.
Before Good Friday, we often ask my students why it is called 'Good Friday.
Speaking to media, Manjinder Sigh Sirsa said that they came to Shillong to submit a petition to the Governor to express their opposition to the decision taken. The Cabinet led by Conrad K Sangma has decided to evict the people living in Punjabi Basti within a day.
It doesn't matter if it reaches any limit, because to lose the farmland they have worked for decades is like losing their lives.
He said that the Meghalaya government believes that it is necessary to remember the life and achievements of our past leaders and to introduce this you are among the young men.
“A nation that does not fight is dead,” said Hamletson, encouraging the political parties who have fought for the nation.
The scheme, which has been implemented for seven years, has been approved by the Planning Commission.
Earlier, a short meeting was held which was conducted by Melkaia Thongni and speeches were delivered by the Rangbah Shnong and Phira Dohtdong actor.
Because many of these crimes occur after people have sold their lives and created various crimes.
On arrival at Barundanga, together with the Assam Police, they searched at midnight and released the child.
In the first match of the Quarter Final between MSA and Rympei PIP, the match ended in a 1-1 draw, but in the tie breaker, MSA beat Rympei PIP by -7 col.
He said that in order to fully ratify the Ordinance, the government will have to wait for the dorbar, but at present no detailed information has been received to hold the dorbar on this issue. This will be confirmed after talks with the Lamphrang of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
Shillong, July 17: In 2014, at a time when the Inner Line Permit protest was intensifying in the state, the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, at that time, was surprised to implement the demand of the 13 He said that the Congress government wants to take other measures to achieve its goals. prevented the influx of foreigners and which remains untouched to this day.
The opening ceremony was conducted by Aloysius Papang, MD of MH & Sons Enterprise.
According to the DC, the program will be attended by the residents, government employees and school children.
He remembered the heroes of Meghalaya – Tirot Singh Syiem, Kiang Nangbah and Pa Togan Sangma, saying that many of the historical books talk about the history and heritage of the North East.
Jeskalur L Mawdoh, driver of Mahindra Max (ML-04A-3374), has been charged under Section 307 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) after his vehicle collided with the vehicle of the Prime Minister. A Honda Accord (ML-01-0001) was stolen by P Lyngdoh on the 11th of this month at Laimer, Shillong.
The union has taken this step after receiving a complaint from the residents who have accounts at the bank against the Branch Manager Wilfred Gerald Gatphoh. They are very sad especially those who are poor villagers.
In the Under-14 Boys category, Mihmyntdu SS will play against Shangpung Govt UP RMSA, followed by Don Bosco SS against Padu SS. Adventist HSS will play against Achievers SS and JTES in collaboration with Jaintia Eastern College (JEC), Khliehriat will hold a tyrko tournament tomorrow the 13th of this month.
It was unanimously decided to form the North East Forum for Indigenous People (NEFIP).
The Japanese government will also allocate 108 trillion yen ($990 billion), or 20 percent of Japan's wealth, to fight the disease.
He said the only information he has received is that the quota for women will change every 15 years from one constituency to another.
Many groups, including organizations and individuals, hope for Christmas as a time to do something or help the poor.
Before they do that with their cunning and cunning in the political arena, we must immediately eradicate this evil custom of unclean marriage whether it is for a man or a woman.
It is better to be a slave to a nation that is more numerous and more intelligent than us than to be a slave to a nation that is smaller and more intelligent than us.
At the same time, the HNPF has alleged that the police have lodged a complaint against the party leaders without any real evidence, but only allegations.
Shillong: U Congress MLA from Mawlai, Bah Process T Sawkmie, on Tuesday said that the incumbent MP Vincent Pala will get the ticket to contest from the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
Among the four artists from the North East selected by NEZCC, Bah Raphael Warjri represented Meghalaya for the Art Camp as part of the National Cultural Festival in Hyderabad. National Culture Festival.
"Deepit was very dangerous, and I too was very difficult," says Sathiyan.
Of course, no country or state can be called by the name of religion or faith, because it is a democratic country and a secular country. .
However, Meghalaya has a large population of indigenous people and therefore the government needs to introduce the ILP first in the state to know the movement of foreigners and to protect the privacy of the people. of this area.
The Government should also consult more closely with schools and parents so that the objectives can be achieved.
These goods were seized while the smugglers were trying to cross the border to smuggle these goods to Bangladesh.
However, when he went to court, a North Carolina judge ruled that the man, who was a colleague of his wife, was the cause of the breakup. Howard and his wife and thus, he sentenced Howard to a fine of $750,0
Taiwan claims that 27 Chinese warplanes have entered Taiwan's airspace.
The abducted names include Damewanhi Rymbai, 28, son of Iosuk Rymbai, Hilari Dkhar, 24, son of Shitlang Dkhar, Wanmi Muksor, 30, son of L. ).
Shillong, Nailar 23: U Pastor OL Snaitang on Tuesday said that the protest of Bah John F Kharshiing to insert the Instrument of Accession (IOA) into the Constitution of India will be in trouble because New Delhi will not. don't accept faith.
The president of the union urged the office of the Chief Information Commissioner to take action as soon as possible so that the union can get the information it has received since The Forest Department has not been able to protect the forests in this District and area.
This is another reason for the increase in crime and violence in the society.
“And we have brought together the country and the nation in many ways.
“We have faced many challenges in the implementation of projects, but, through tireless hard work, we have been able to reap the fruits of success with the help of foreign funded projects.
Trophies of 5000 tyngka, 3000 tyngka and 2000 tyngka will be awarded to the winners.
Then the work went on, like a strong fire... About the year 1742, forty priests of the Government church came out to help with this revival.
Kerlangmi Kelphung scored the second goal in the 36th minute and Thank You Mukhim in the 53rd minute.
“Once the auction of the remaining 14,10,710.41 lakh metric tonnes of coal is over, the coal that has been collected secretly or if found to have been collected outside the area The coal shall be immediately confiscated by the Government and auctioned by the Government and the proceeds shall be deposited in the revenue of the Government, and the responsibility shall be with the owner of the coal, who shall not be able to own it at the price. sold at auction.
While both the families are still in shock from what happened to their loved ones, the cause of the incident according to them is man-made.
Bah PT Sawkmie said that it is through the Special Session that the issue of Pud u Sam will be discussed and that all the leaders will be able to express their views and opinions. which are only related to border issues and especially to the ownership of Meghalaya.
ULFA-I has confirmed on many occasions that there have been civilians who have collected money in the name of the party.
" said the EM Taxation.
The non-cooperation movement was also launched and the Indians no longer cooperated or supported the British Government.
During the search, BSF troops seized up to 5 bags of clothes from the area.
Out of the 80 Collective Marketing Centres, there are 79 Cold Storages, 13 (20MT) Cold Storages and 27 (5MT) Cold Storages. The Government is committed to facilitate the implementation of agricultural activities.
Former MLA Mawsynram Constituency HM Shangpliang today joined the National People's Party (NPP) at a meeting held at the party headquarters.
Shortly after, he took him to Lathisara village in Barak Valley, Assam and from there police recovered a pistol.
Police are conducting investigation to arrest the suspects in connection with the murder.
Marshial Nongrum scored the first goal for Thun FC in the 38th minute.
Shillong: The PA Sangma International Medical College and Hospital, one of the visionary projects of the ERD Foundation Guwahati led by Mahbulbul Hoque, as its Chairman, has started construction. He launched the foundation stone of the College of Doctors, Nurses and others at the University of Science and Technology (USTM) in Khanapara, Meghalaya.
“The details have already been heard and judged.
The video ring is a capture of the beauty of life.
He said that at the time of appointment of the Acting Rangbah Shnong, the Syiem did not invite the Rangbah Shnong of the Shnong and he invited only those in his household including his brothers and sisters. and the king's servants, and the people that were near unto the king.
Therefore, I feel that the people of Khasi and Jaintia Hills need to unite to raise awareness of this threat to the nation,” said the former CEM of KHADC. “As the leaders of the people, we have read carefully the rules of the PDF but we have found that those who have dissolved the PDF have nothing against the laws or violate the rights of anyone”.
He said that Meghalaya has adopted the State Anthem which celebrates the land, people and culture by putting forward unity and the Anthem has been composed in the official languages ​​according to the Meghalaya State Language Act
In the time of Jesus Jewish society rejected and discriminated against women, Samaritans and lepers and the Jews enforced this by laws and commandments.
He said that the government's decision has empowered the beneficiaries to take advantage of this and there has been a price hike of agricultural products.
Jowai, July 27: The Dorbar Shnong Tympang-Iawmusiang, Jowai together with the Tympang Club, Jowai have decided to hold a common platform for the candidates for the MLA election to the 2-Jowai L.A. Constituency and is scheduled to be held on the 16th June 2023, at 7 pm at Tympang Club Hall.
They also expressed their request to anyone who can donate to their organization.
The proliferation of the internet, the affordability of the internet, technical innovations and especially the Government's work to build digital infrastructure have ensured faster delivery of services, monitoring and accountability.
Therefore, the union has given the NHAI within six months from the date of sending the memorandum to take the necessary action, and the union is confident that the NHAI will take action on this issue to improve it immediately. However, if the NHAI does not do anything, the JSM will not hesitate to take a strong stance.
The battle of Armageddon will last for one day and not for months or months and will take place during the 1290 days mentioned in Daniel 12:11 / Revelation 16:12-16 etc. Israel will have to fight against Gog Russia and the Arab countries in the coming days.
Meanwhile, Dr.J.N.Shullai gave a detailed explanation about this disease and the preventive measures to avoid the transmission from mother to child.
It is to be recalled that Jan Bhagidari is the active participation of the people in the field of education.
I would like to send a message to all the youth of today that we should not forget these elders and intellectuals who have made our state what we are,” said Bah Prestone Tynsong.
"We expect to complete this trial by the end of this June.
Another semi final match will be played between Maya Club Umjalisiaw and Group A FC on 23.1.2020 at 2 pm.
When asked whether he agrees with the UDP's statement that it will not support Bah Ardent, Bah Latiplang said that the UDP's statement has no meaning because if it supports, it means that it wants only. to find a reason.
The CD contains 8 songs and is available from various shops.
Furthermore, they also took part in the struggle against the government on the lack of salary of the workers whom the government has promised to pay 2100 tyngka each due to the closure of the dam in
They are called by asking for a sign if the Holy Umsngur or the Kyiad Um is poured into the Klong Skaw, the sohlymbar, the sohlynthiang in the Klong Skaw, then those who search will find the body and if it is The unclean Umsngur or the Kyiad Um went to the Klong u Skaw and they understood that the searchers had not found the body.
The Ministry of Home Affairs (MoHA) has strengthened security forces in Delhi in order to restore peace and order in the city. A meeting of Home Ministry officials with Home Minister Amit Shah this evening.
Lord Sugar dropped out of school at the age of 16 and Sir Richard Branson did not complete secondary school.
The competition was organized with the assistance of the MLA of the constituency, Mr. Sniawbhalang Dhar who is also the Symbud Chief Minister of the Government of Meghalaya.
The children and mother were taken to the village.
Rangdajied United FC beat Sein Pynbhalang 6-0 in the Group B match of the Meghalaya State League 2023 on Friday at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
He said that parents are the relationships that support their children especially in their studies and often they sacrifice themselves just to educate their children.
He said that there are many drug users in East Jaintia Hills District who have become addicted to drugs. Drugs affect the health of the people and also cause problems to the family as well as the community.
Singh said the HPC is ready to discuss as already explained in the reply sent to the State Government and the Court.
Bah Nongsiej, has spent his life in the job of journalist, which is the lowest job in terms of income and the salary is uncertain and while the demands of the job are heavy. to the extreme.
Earlier, the teachers who gathered at Malki Square in the morning from Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Hills did not hold a meeting but left the square to sit in front of the office of the Meghalaya Board of Directors. School Education (MBoSE), Shillong.
In 2016, I received a phone call from a friend inviting me to join the Shooting Association.
Shillong Municipality falls under the State Government, it should listen and respect the State Government.
He denied that he had gone to Delhi for political purposes, in the midst of such a time when there was an expectation that his visit might be with the intention of engaging with a He joined the Trinamool from the BJP in
She demanded that the government should issue a clear notice at the beginning of the year that work should not be held on special days and workplaces should be closed as a sign of respect.
He said the Supreme Court has rejected all the appeals of others on the ban on coal mining in Meghalaya and has accepted only his appeal.
He urged the people who came to witness this programme, to participate in various schemes implemented through the Fisheries Department of the State Government.
However, he said that even if someone criticizes him, he doesn't feel anything, because the party works in a clean and transparent manner and with the spirit of serving the people.
The government is now trying to reopen the factory by signing a joint venture agreement with Bhavika Commercial Private Limited (BCPL) of Kolkata.
Whatever happens on the border is done by non-Assam bandits," he said.
“The departure of leaders from one party to another is not final,” he said.
“Since yesterday we have had a thorough discussion with all the MLAs, MDCs, Women's Office Bearers, Block Officers in the state.
The program was presided over by Kisan Morcha State President Ralden Bryan Shabong, State BJP Vice President Duruth Majaw and Ri Bhoi District President Ralden Bryan Shabong. Sen Thabah and BJP Kisan Morcha Ri Bhoi District Secretary Freddie Kurbah.
Ukraine's defense ministry said Russia had sent about 17 drones and three missiles into Ukraine that night.
Speaking to media, KSUPB7T member Thomas Passah said that they have informed the president of the UDP party, Metbah Lyngdoh. In 1972, Meghalaya was created.
Besides these problems, there are many other shortages of teachers especially in the Morning Section which has caused a lot of problems to the students of our College.
He said that in terms of religion, the BJP itself gives freedom to everyone to worship God according to the wishes of the people.
Sir Aiborlang Nongkynrih, Full Stack Developer and Technology Lead at Sonicbolt Technologies LLP gave a speech of encouragement and encouragement to the students regarding the use of modern knowledge and technology.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawtawar SC, Bah Cornelius Kharkongor, in the presence of club officials and village officials, welcomed the team.
He also expressed the vision of our ancestors on the value of the environment by establishing laws kyntang, laws khang and so on.
The district households are also directed to bring the necessary documents including Birth Certificate of the children, Adhaar Card of the parents, proof of residence from the Rangbahshnong or photograph. EPIC at the time of registration of Adhaar.
He added that while the Wildlife Department does not have a Range Office in the area, the bseiñ was released by the GHADC Forest Department and later handed over to the Wildlife Department.
Sylvester Mylliempdah scored 127 runs off 83 balls and took 10 wickets to win the man of the match title.
The second 7 Aside football tournament of the Panaliar Sports and Games Committee was held at Panaliar Village Ground, Jowai.
The states that visited three times were Assam and Chhattisgarh.
Trump said his intention is to reopen the border from Easter Sunday, June 12, 2020, which is 19 days away.
Special honors will also be given to the students with disabilities who have completed or passed these two courses.
The road from the river has been cleared of dewbilat to facilitate the movement of the people, but during the rainy season the people stop and cannot escape to cross the river.
WJH Police today seized another truck carrying coal to Beltola Assam.
According to the information received from the students of Class XII, they will receive the tablet until the 10th of this month, as the Sister has told them that she will give it on the 10th of this month. .
Sudipto Sen, the head of the Saradha Group, on 6th June 2013, sent an 18-page letter to the CBI, in which he named the politicians who had accused him of two crimes. consecutive years.
The CEOs of all the states that have already held elections reported on their experiences and innovations used in the conduct of these elections.
Agnes was released from jail for 10 months after lodging an FIR with MUDA. Agnes was released on three conditions: not to tamper with witnesses, not to do not threaten complainants and witnesses and do not run away.
Dozens of Chairman and Vice Chairman have been appointed in this government and all of them receive high salaries from the public purse.
Commenting on the Congress candidate, he said that Vincent Pala is a businessman and a businessman cannot be a statesman.
Guwahati: Police have seized 113 cows from different parts of Assam on Friday.
“The income situation has declined sharply and if the government does not do anything, we will take a tough decision,” he said.
The President of the party, Bah Peter J Lawai, said that the mission to protect the land of the Hynniewtrep people from the invasion of the authorities is the mission of the people for the people.
“If there is any incident between the two groups, the foreigners and the Khasi, it goes wrong because such writings or pictures appear and spread quickly.
However, they did not pass through us and so we don't have any information,” said Bah Mawrie.
Kyrshan said that the HPSO in the rural areas has been asked for clarification because of the lack of participation in the ILP protest but he urged the members of the HPSO to They should ask for clarification from them on the HPSO's lack of clarity on the ILP in a state without borders.
The President of CORP Eastern Zone, Bah Bandary Ryntathiang, said that the parking collectors have taken advantage of the price set by the Board. The parking collectors are like insulting the people who come to complete their work.
The Division Bench, headed by Justice Vipin Sanghi and Rekha Palli, strongly criticized them, saying, “You have gone to collect, steal or steal.
Therefore, the union demands that the chess board should be reduced and improved, as this affects the people and is like robbing their rights.
It is also the rule under the laws that anyone accused has the right to defend or explain.
A notice has also been sent to the Brigade Commander of 24MTN BDE, Umroi Cantonment, Ri Bhoi District.
Today many people only look at the person or persons who can bring income to the society, but if we can first fix our way of thinking, economic growth will bud turned back.
According to police sources, the truck was carrying coal from Khliehrangnah village in Shangpung. The truck was broken.
The scheme has been implemented and is expected to be distributed to 3 lakh 2,400 kait farmers on 189 hectares of land. the area is 170 hectares.
The incumbent MP, Bah Vincent Pala, has been elected twice, but I dare to say that I cannot count how many times he has appeared in Parliament in the last 10 years.
On the rule of law, it has been strengthened during the past ten years with the aim of becoming closer to the people.
Speaking at a meeting attended by Narendra Modi, Defense Minister Amit Shah, Chief Ministers and Governors of seven states of the North Eastern Region. “While my government is working hard to improve the infrastructure and facilities of schools and also to strengthen the education of students, Conrad Sangma said, “While my government is working hard to improve the infrastructure and facilities of schools, I request you to support the project to make Shillong the center of education in the North East”.
However, after reaching a narrow road at Khohyiar near Ladmawkhap on the NH-40, the gear of the vehicle stopped working and at that time the vehicle and she turned back, and fell into the midst of the sea.
Therefore, she encouraged the children to take up sports as a means of employment or income generation and to be self-conscious, thoughtful and orderly in all aspects by avoiding behavior and evil habits that will destroy their future.
He said that in the past years, while working through the NDRF, the troops from various Police Forces have received praise in the country and abroad for their work in the field of rescue operations. assistance in times of natural disasters.
The question now is whether we should just listen and call ourselves farmers, the answer is yes, now as farmers let us stand together with one voice. government.
The names of these NPP candidates include Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, candidate from Jirang, Bah Shemphang Lyngdoh, candidate from Mawhati, Bah Damanbaitbha Lamare, candidate from Umroi, Bah Jason S. Mawlong from Umsning and Mrs. Macdalyne S. Mawlong from Nongpoh Constituency.
Shillong: The Sur North Eastern District of Ri Khasi Hills District (KHA) which includes various political parties together with the Rangbah Shnongs and Seng Samla Shnongs of the area has unanimously decided to hold a 'Peace Rally' in Mawkyrwat on the 28th of July.
On the same day, Umsning C&RD Block also held a similar meeting where Raja Brama Project Director of DRDA was the chief guest and launched the vehicle carrying the message of The Victory Bharat Sankalp Yatra was held in the presence of Umsning BDO Andrew Myrthong and other government officials.
The floods in Assam, which continues to continue till 29th April, 2013, said that more than 3 lakh people have been affected by the floods in Assam. Twenty-one districts of the state have been affected by floods, the source said.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 29: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawiawet Unit under the leadership of Samla Kyrmenborlin K. Bani today visited the family of Bah Skhem Borlang Nongphud and Darity Syiem from Nongphud. Mawiawet Village who lost their house after a blazing fire destroyed the house and all the belongings inside the house.
The good news that Jesus preached includes everlasting life.
The marathon was held as part of the celebration of the International Day against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking.
Rupang tried to find out the price of kwai by going to the market to ask the traders about the price of kwai, but when they reached the market it found that the price of Khasi 'wai ba la ksam The price of 'wai naphang (Khasi) is T.8.50 tyngka each.
He said he will continue to work hard to strengthen the Meghalaya BJP. “I will continue as a BJP (Karyakarta) worker.
The UDP and NPP will form a coalition government with the party because the people of Khasi-Jaintia no longer want it to form a coalition government with the NPP which also includes the BJP. They went to the house just to get benefit without before the feelings of the people calmed down and it was like going to throw fire into the fire to the feelings of the people.
Sangma said Mukroh falls under Meghalaya, according to the 2011 map.
In the Under 16 (Boys) category, the events will be 100 M, 300 M, 800 M, 2000 M, Long Jump, High Jump, Shot Put, Discus Throw, Javelin, 4×100 M Relay.
Ribok Biam Education Secretary JSM said the closure of the office is because the government does not believe in the demands of the union to appoint teachers in government schools. which includes LP and UP schools.
For four days now, there are places where the water has not come out.
Police said they recovered a bomb from a vehicle used with the flag of the rebels, where they left the vehicle and fled on foot into the forest, which is about 32,000 acres to settle there.
The post of MP cannot be done by a party, the post of MP or MP is the responsibility of our state under the leadership of the Prime Minister, the Prime Minister's Secretary, the Cabinet, MLAs, to associate with the Khadar rule of India.
The Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change will be responsible for the implementation of this rule and will also monitor the implementation of this rule across the country.
In fear, he caught two children from this village.
Speaking to reporters, NEIPF Spokesperson Dundee C Khongsit said that Meghalaya needs a law to punish drug traffickers or drug users due to the spread of drugs and the number of drug users. in many villages of the State, which has reached even the rural areas.
Upon receiving this information, Syiem Bor Manik together with Basan Nongkseh rushed to Raid Dumria (Desh Demoreah) in March 1828 to stop the illegal collection of taxes and to collect the taxes. late mountain.
Also present on the occasion were the Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills, Bah S.Nongtnger, officers of the Transport Department and others.
On the other hand, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council Malki Circle also condoles the bloodthirsty people who took the soul of Harpish Nongbri.
Even if we are no longer involved in Political activities, the friendship in other activities continues and the friendship is maintained.
The 14 day training ended on Saturday
In China, the death toll has risen to 11, bringing the total to 3,1
Within the boundary of the KHADC there are 54 Himas, which are governed by Syiem, Raid and Village Himas, all of which are under the jurisdiction of the District Council.
You can attend this meeting by phone with the President or Secretary of the Union.
The oldest government hospital in West Bengal has closed down on Tuesday.
Three children managed to escape from the scene, but after a while when the three children returned to the scene it was found that the two children were injured by the shooting. .
Shillong, Iaiong 07: Many houses in Jirang area of ​​Ri-Bhoi district have been destroyed by the cyclone.
He said the completion of this bridge will bless not only the villagers and farmers but will also benefit the villagers in terms of tourism.
And also to introduce a strong law to curb the influx of immigrants into the state.
“The HNLC strongly condemns the arrest of HNYF member Tarson Lymba on false allegations of involvement in the illegal activities. The bomb exploded in Them Metor.
Shillong: Police have lodged another case against the CoHSO for calling for a night curfew from 7 pm on the 10th to 5 pm on the 11th of this month.
Ukraine believes 85,000 Russian troops are only between 7 and 25 miles from Kiev in Crimea, the capital of Ukraine. it has been occupied by Russia since
BJP MDC from Tura Bernard N Marak has said that his song “Shisien (Once)” will be released soon for the people affected by the bloodshed in Manipur. to hold a fundraising event in Tura and to pray for peace and for the needy.
This fact comes on the heels of a petition filed by Vaiko, the MDMK leader, in the Supreme Court.
The deceased were identified as Register Kurbah, Pynhunlang Lyngdoh and Wankordor Warjri while the injured was identified as Wikistar Khyriem.
W.Sangma who was also the first Chief Minister in the state to introduce the Reservation Policy.
Seven students of Assam Engineering College were killed on 29th June after their vehicle collided with a divider and another vehicle.
The singer does not have to pay for the training fee of the Coach/Judge.
Also present on the occasion were Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma, Sikkim Chief Minister Prem Singh Tamang and others.
More than 80 people, mostly women and children, have benefited from the programme.
Speaking to reporters, Pradeep Kurbah said that he found that some people were selling the film Oonatah in the market.
Shillong, Naitung, 20: The SSA teachers under the umbrella of the Meghalaya SSA School Association on Tuesday protested against the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui. that the Government should count the salaries of SSA teachers who have taken part in the strike and to abolish the grant to School Managing Committees (SMCs) who have not done anything against the teachers.
Former Bayern Munich player Sadio Mane scored two goals in the same match.
However, the victims said that apart from these, the district authorities have not sent doctors to check their health condition.
The Word of God has foretold this from the beginning because God knows the end from the beginning.
Here Halen completed the trial organized by the All India Football Federation and after completing the two-month trial he was selected for the AFC U-16 team of India.
The President said that the government will not tolerate discrimination against women and the law will be strengthened in the prosecution of these cases. percent of women in Parliament and State Legislatures and to provide training to girls in education.
“The District Council is the stieh, the MDC is the leader and the people are the soldiers.
“My request to all the parties preparing for the MP election 2024 to put it at the forefront of their manifesto,” she said. .
Nongpoh: U Shinning Star Shadap, General Secretary of the RBYF Raid Nongtung, on Tuesday said that some residents of Umru and Umlaper areas of the border villages in Block-2, have been arrested. Assam has started rebuilding buildings in these villages, so taking note of the complaint of the people, the members of the union have visited these areas. and who found that Assam has started development works in these villages.
They teach that when writing news, you need to find out who did it, when it happened, where it happened and so on; However, in this fight against coronavirus, we see that these information, have disappeared completely and the reason is that there are 12 cases of covid, but what we know, is only this or that, ha Pomlakrai and that too, that the Rangbah Shnong of Mawtharia, which is the place where the patient is, gave a video speech.
He said that the great deeds of Dr DD Lapang will continue to flow in the years and generations to come, and we will also pray that Maheh Dr DD Lapang will live long and prosperous.
Speaking on the occasion, the leaders of various civil society organizations blessed this young woman to continue to work hard in the field of sports to bring honor not only to herself but also to the community and the community. to the country and the nation as a whole.
The signs have shown that Snaiwbhalang Dhar is determined to achieve the goal of building and improving the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai.
Therefore, in this regard, the consumers request the office of the Meghalaya Power Distribution Corporation Limited (MePDCL) not only to inform the consumers but also to do the same so that the consumption and electricity bill will be regular.
The VO Lumpyngngad was established on 27.07.2022 and is named TUR SHAPHRANG. Under this VO there are 5 SHGs involved in the development of the villagers. Shaniah Tylli, SHGs, Ryntihlang SHGs, Cjukai Dei Phrang SHGs and Khihmon Sngah Jam SHGs.
Telangana, which is located in the eastern part of the country, has elected the Congress party.
On behalf of the Government, K.Khan, Addl.Govt Advocate of the Government, led the delegation.
Mumbai City FC will pay their last respects to Ahmed Jahouh after his contract expired on 31st June against Morocco.
So Satan said to Eve, “Is it true that God said, 'You shall not eat of every tree of the garden'? And Im told him what God had said.
I don't know, I don't know.
Besides these, other competitions were also held including Bible costume shows, information and others as part of the entertainment, but which have their own ideas and concerns. .
NOTE – 493.
This was stated by Zoramthanga at a meeting in Aizawl today.
Shillong, Lber 08: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday urged the people of Meghalaya to support the VPP candidates for the upcoming Lok Sabha elections. Sabha and also the MDC elections in the district councils of Meghalaya to be held in
“We welcome all the former Congressmen to the party because we belong to a united party,” Lyngdoh told reporters.
In these villages, the HFU has found that the kwai trees which the farmers have planted and cared for for many years have been destroyed.
At present, it is social media that spreads the news every minute to everyone.
During the past term, Bah Bindo Lanong was the Senior Working President of the party.
He said that there have been many damages which the government officers from West Khasi Hills district have taken into account, including houses, property, agricultural products, landslides, footpaths, roads but nothing has been done yet.
The sea level is rising, lands and habitats are being inundated with sea water.
“T.24.22 lakh has been seized from the drug traffickers and in the last four months, 48 ​​cases have been registered under the NDPS Act. 134 people have been involved in drug trafficking and out of these 134 people arrested, 125 are males and 9 are females”.
Wandalin Syiemiong won the Champion of Champion title in the Arm Wrestling tournament held at Malki.
The University's Center for Online and Distance Education offers 100% tuition fee waiver for all students from the North East for the Online Graduate Degree Program at DBU. Global.
We urge all the people to cooperate in all matters that will be a blessing to the nation from generation to generation.
“It may be recalled that at the meeting of all political parties on 31st June, 2023, it was decided to form an EC to review and amend the Reservation Policy and suggest improvements, if necessary,” said the petition.
This is something that will be difficult to find in various schools, especially in the rural areas because even the current subjects still lack qualified teachers to teach, as well as the lack of schools.
Kharkongor said the Election Commission of India (ECI) has implemented a software to detect any errors or appearance of multiple names of a person.
At the same time, there was also a cold weather along with rain in Dhanolti in the evening of that day, in which crops and crops were damaged.
Shillong: All government offices, schools and others will be closed on 12th November 2018, due to the Shad Nongkrem holiday, according to a government statement today.
Jowai, March 6: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District today released Rs 1,08,500 in relief funds in Amlarem district.
The Speaker has been suffering from diabetes since he went to Delhi for treatment.
John 2:1.
Speaking to media, the party's secretary, Reniktone L Tongkhar, said that the party's demand to amend Para-12 (a) has been a long time in the past. demanded that para 12(a) of the Sixth Schedule should be deleted and para 12(b) replaced.
It will also open up opportunities for employment through Translation and others.
In the Indian Round Mixed Team, West Khasi Hills District won the bronze medal after beating Ri Bhoi District.
“Those who wish to sell the land for this purpose should submit their proposal by attesting the land title deeds, survey map and the price of the land and submit the proposal to the Chief Executive Officer, Jowai. Municipal Board," the statement said.
In support and encouragement to the village and especially to the family who suffered from this natural disaster, Bah Staising Kharbteng, the villager of the area on the morning of the 17th On the 1st of this month, together with friends, they went to meet the family in the presence of Bah Banraplang Kharbteng, Rangbah Shnong and others.
Government sources said that through this estimate, the excise duty will increase to T.39,000 crore per annum and for the remaining three months of the year, it will earn T.2,000 crore. .
He said that the government should not investigate the contractors before they are employed, because if it doesn't employ the contractors who want to get employment but don't have the money to pay the contractors, it won't be able to do so. .
The four, according to the complaint, were identified as Vinod Kumar, owner of Vinod Granite, Mirzapur, Lucknow (Uttar Pradesh), Surendra Pal Singh, Director of SS Infrazone, Lucknow. 3) IP Singh, Director, SS Infrazone, Lucknow, and Abhishek Singh, Manager, SS Infrazone, Lucknow.
“The BSF who shot Bah (L) Roning Nongkynrih, you think they were afraid and surprised that they shot him, they didn't do that, but they laughed and said one down more to go, one we have shot and others. too".
On the same day, a football friendly match was played between Hingaria SC and Youngstar Sport Club, Huroi. jar it col.
In the women's category, the winners were Inlumlang Skhemiew, Anisha Wahlang, Daphishisha Shadap, Kynjailin L. Mawnai, Carene Sohiong, Larisha Kurbah, Carenia Rapthap, Phindasumarlin Rani and Sarai Hang Nongspung. you Durka Padit.
Shillong, July 3: Tobacco, cigarettes and cigarettes cause many diseases such as tuberculosis.
“Even the MLAs are not happy anymore.
The device, called Jetson, which took a sample from a cartoon television, can recognize a person by scanning from a distance of hundreds of feet. man, that he is the one they should kill, so they will shoot him down with a drone or a gun.
Conrad Sangma on 4th October condemned the robbery of the houses of two HSPDP MLAs on the night of 3rd October and said that this act is impossible. to accept.
Dimarkithmu Gayang who came in the Top-10 of the HSSLC (Science) examination received a cash prize of T.10,000/- Students who scored 90% or above received a cash prize of T. amount.
According to the leader, all the office bearers of the Mawlai Block Congress and other senior workers of the party want to hand over the leadership to the wife of Founderstrong Cajee.
Bank employees have been preparing to hold a strike across India on 26th November 2018, but now it is reported that there is a threat to hold a strike on 21st November pep, they will affect the people before Christmas.
The NNSSCC invites all the football fans of Nongstoiñ to come and witness the match which will start at 1:50 pm at the New Nongstoiñ Stadium.
Zardest Najiar scored the first goal in the 74th minute.
The Syiem has met the General Secretary of the AICC in charge of Meghalaya, V. Narayanasamy to take action on the Bill to force the government to send it to the Governor. The AICC leader has also written to the Prime Minister to expedite the Bill.
Jyrwa said that this is a great day for the party to release a film on how the markets in Khasi Hills have been destroyed by the government. other nations.
All the nations here on earth have their own Khana Pateng, Puriskam and others to live and survive from these.
The deadline for withdrawal of nominations is the 24th.
At the time of the fall, they did not see him, but those who saw him at the time of his fall, tried to help him by giving him a stick. siej, but their rescue attempt failed and could not help the man who was in the water and which caused him to drown in the pond.
Pdok Tariang, who is also the President of San Shnong Congress Circle, including Pynthorsale, Mookhailong, Mutong, Cham Cham and Lumshyrmit, is also a contributor to the community. He said that his departure from the Congress party was for personal reasons.
Those present on the occasion included Bah Sadon KBlah, General Secretary of HNYF, Sengkmie, Bah Marcus Marten, President of HNYF Ri Bhoi; Aidalyne Lynshing, President of BWC, and other members of the BWC.
The plane, which was carrying 96 troops, crashed after it failed to take off while taking off.
Shillong, November 28: More than 10 months after two rebel groups from Lum Garo surrendered their weapons and signed a peace agreement with the government, the state government has now signed a peace agreement with the government. A ksiang has been appointed to try to bring another rebel group operating in Garo Hills to the peace table.
Referring to Conrad Sangma's allegation that the state will become rich if the TMC comes to power, the National General Secretary of the AITC said that as we have seen, the TMC has a real desire for the TMC. The WE Card scheme, the MYE scheme, is for the benefit of the citizens of Meghalaya in all aspects.
In the letter, Lalmuanzuala accused Himanta of inciting violence among the people of Mizoram for his own personal gain and with the intention of raping the people of Mizoram. The land of the Mizos, which belonged to the Mizos, they fought with their blood and sweat and which resulted in the death of nine souls.
Nongstoin, Naiwieng, 8: The candidates for the three constituencies of West Khasi Hills including Nongstoin, Mawshynrut and Rambrai Jyrngam have lost sleep and have rushed to the villages to vote. Meet with the residents, to set up primary units from the elderly, women and youth in order to work hard to win them in the upcoming elections.
The incident occurred when a puh shilum truck was carrying stones and soil to load into the truck, when a heavy stone fell from the head of U. or Boxter.
“Last year, he said, the government has released up to T.30 crore for community groups for the protection of forests. to cover up to 50,000 hectares of land under this programme.
The driver of the Maruti Celerio, David Phawa of Mihmyntdu, sustained serious injuries and was rushed to Dr Norman Tunnel Hospital.
In this regard, the Minister said the state government will request the Indira Gandhi National Open University (IGNOU) and NIOS to provide training to these untrained teachers. .
Congress leader Rahul Gandhi has worked hard in the last MP elections and has reached all over the states. India and when followed up, it was seen that he was not much less than the visit of BJP leader Narendra Modi. leader and the Congress party as a whole in this second term (perhaps), which he led the party, including in
However, at the same time, Martle said the state government and the Governor should resolve this issue.
At the same time, he praised the hard work in which they have brought glory and pride to the community with their performance in the Meghalaya Games 2022 which was held recently in Shillong. to do better to reach the goal of chess.
The bloodshed broke out after the Kuki community held a mass protest against the demand for Scheduled Tribe (ST) status by the Meitei community.
Shillong CA (A) lost all 10 wickets for 117 runs, but had to reduce the target to 99 in 20 overs after heavy rain.
The meeting will start on the 2nd July 2023 at Khliehriat West Community Hall and on the same day at Sutnga CHC. explain so that they know how to prevent many diseases.
When I asked him what he meant, he didn't explain.
Shillong Lajong FC's first goal was scored by Hardy Cliff Nongbri in the 67th minute.
Adelbert said that Mukul Sangma's speech at the Nokma Council meeting in Ampati has reflected his true character as the Chief Minister.
The cemetery is about half an hour away.
What has caused concern among the members of the Producers Group is that the BJP is a party in the MDA government along with the NPP and other parties.
“We don't have a Riping Chamber here in the state,” said Bah K.Ngor. He said that although such tests have not been introduced in the state, we have tried to conduct the tests inside. “The result of using G-9 is that the fruit is only inside but the color is yellow as if it were still alive and this is Bah CDK said that the soh imported from abroad which has used carbide is imported from the states which have a Riping Chamber where not only They don't go inside, but they stem from above.
The SBUK has also awarded buskits to the winners of these awards.
“On the 27th one should not be deceived or misled, but press on to the shape of the lotus flower.
In a complaint to the Chairman of MBoSE, Bah EP Kharbhih, Secretary and President of the Seng Khasi Mawsynram, Bidi Myrhong and Batistalang Myrthong said that the book is 'misleading' , 'distinguish' and 'honor' the religious beliefs, culture and customs of the Khasi.
The party strongly condemns this government for not being able to stop Assam from behaving like wild animals and treating our people badly.
He also promised to install a transformer to provide electricity inside the new building, but so far there have been no signs.
According to sources, the incident happened on the 18th of June and the body of the child was found the next day at 7 pm.
give the functions of [24]7.
This is an excessive response by the government authorities to the ongoing peace talks, the statement said.
During the investigation, the police have found that the HNLC is involved in inciting youths to commit crimes with the goal of furthering the demand for money.
In the first leg, Pynchai Chullet scored the first goal for Royal Pole Mihmyntdu in the 5th and 14th minutes. in the 44th minute.
“As it used to be, the land itself was said to be under the jurisdiction of the District Councils, but it is also true that we don't have a strong law, which will be as it is now. , after the passage of this Bill".
The Dorbar Shnong Bakur, would like to congratulate all the residents of the village who have worked hard to make the tournament a success.
This shows that he is wonderful, the Son of God.
These two roads include the 9 Mile to Umsen via Killing-Pilangkata Road (29.872 km) at a cost of T.84.01 crore, while Mukroh Umspar to connect Jrikyndeng, Assam (15.517 km) at a cost of T.84.01 crore. T58.01 crore, said Conrad Sangma while answering questions in the Legislative Assembly.
Regarding this issue, Bah P.Ryntathiang President of the Seng Khasi West Khasi Hills District, said, “The Seng Khasi West Khasi Hills District has been on the road for about 17 years to demand this share, which is the right according to the Constitution. order of the Supreme Court of India.
The group of the Rangbah Shnong came down with 7 trucks and several small vehicles to destroy the fences, myrsha pud and cut down the trees and shrubs. from rice, rice bran and other crops in all three farms of Aniyan Phawa, Adala Shadap and Marbires Lyngdoh.
At present, the Wapung Presbyterian Church has established churches in neighboring villages including Cham Cham, Lumshyrmit, Mutong, Mukhaialong, Pynthorsale, Pamra-Paithlu and branches in Wapungnein and Pamra-Paithlu. at Price.
India will play their first match against China on the 19th.
More than 100 people were killed, thousands of houses were burnt down and many were displaced.
The temperature reached 47.2 degrees Celsius in June 2013, according to the Palam Observatory.
In July 2021, the MDC together with the leaders of Namdong Raij met with the Minister of C&RD Bah Hamletson Dohling on the demand for the creation of a C&RD Block for Namdong, but so far no signs have been received. The government is not ready to turn Namdong into a C&RD Block.
On the other hand, the KSU and the employees of the CAU, demanded the immediate arrest of the Dean, punishment according to the rules of law and at the same time. also the time to remove him immediately from the area.
Shillong, Naitung 3: All 17 Block from three districts have come to participate in this market including SHGs. Shillong, Naitung 3: The BJP Samla (BJYM) has found that the market in Sanmer has been dammed by the Agriculture Department.
Mawlai SC started to get encouraged and fought hard to reach the end of Nangkiew Irat where they scored another penalty.
The most important rivers are the Wahumkhrah and Umshyrpi and their tributaries, but there is also the Umshing River in Mawlai.
The senior boys were Welbetstar Ramsiej, Jompsingstar Ramsiej, Iwelljohn Ramsiej while the girls were Kyntimon Marweiñ, Lyntijingkyrmen Kharjahrin and Marqueenless Ramsiej.
The Minister also expressed his gratitude to Prime Minister Duh for the passage of the Women Reservation Bill and said that the participation of women in all spheres of life is essential for empowerment. him.
When the Constitution was drafted in the Constituent Assembly of India in 1947-49, their leader was GS Guha who represented the Manipur, Tripura and Khasi States.
The President of the Federation of Khasi-Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Joe Marwein said that the fact that the Sengbhalang has agreed to examine the 52 laws does not mean that they have withdrawn the demand for the 52 laws. ILP. The Sengbhalang has sought clarification from the government on the reason why it is difficult to implement the ILP but on this, the government has asked for time before giving a reply to the Sengbhalang.
They admitted that these factories also affect the health of the residents and so far there are 10 factories, but the KHADC has no information and what is worrying is the settlement of Dkhars in these factories. According to the Administration of Nongstoin Syiemship Rules 2006, it states in No. 8 (iii) section (a) The Dkhar cannot live or work within the Hima Nongstoin while these mynder can live and work here without fear and this shows that the Hima is violating the law which it has made itself.
He said that such an order of the Court should be implemented in the state as well as the PS Act 2005 in the state is not necessary.
Speaking to Rupang, he said that on October 14, 2011, he went to NEIGRHIMS for treatment and was diagnosed with cancer in his neck.
The KSU acknowledged that the DC said that on the relief fund for the victims of the natural disaster, he said that they are trying to provide as much as possible.
“The order is that if you go in the name of major you can transport, but you cannot transport in the name of minor and in this regard, the government has taken steps to talk to Coal. ministry and Ministry of Commerce”.
The four Rohingyas were arrested from the railway station at Teliamura in Khowai district of Tripura.
“Our MLAs are new so we need to look after them carefully lest they be misled,” he added.
The AITC Pynursla will continue to monitor and seek further clarification on the SIA report led by the MIG and the officers involved in the case, as it has been seen that even the land owners have been affected. The company has been working on this road from Pomlum to Umsyiem.
They sat for a while and Ban prepared breakfast for him.
Where did you get the cow? Imat this is good news but even the places don't want to tell... Shishhh.
However, what happened to Bah Titos may encourage other political parties who are preparing for the MDC elections. The people should be wiser than the candidates or political parties who will contest the MDC elections to reduce such activities. I have nothing to do with those who benefit themselves and not the people.
God promises mankind by saying – “He that overcometh, I will make him a pillar in the temple of my God, and he shall go no more out; the City of God – the NEW JERUSALEM coming down out of heaven from God.
“By taking the example of small countries in Europe and Asia that have been able to develop their economies through natural resources and others, that is, by looking at wildlife protection and “This will greatly boost the income of the Northeast,” he said.
iii) We should avoid the widespread felling of trees and forests.
Six disciplines were held on the first day including the 1500m race where Skehmlang Suba won the gold medal after winning the gold medal. Dabit Dkhar finished second in 4:04:7, followed by Dabit Dkhar who finished second in 4:08:9, while Banjoplang Wanniang won the bronze medal. you finished the race in 4:09:0
The reason why the GNLA surrendered was because he wanted to change his life. He said that the rebel groups do not lead to the right path but He said that not only he but other members of the party have been involved in extortion, robbery and murder.
A short meeting was held in front of the gate of JHADC and speeches were delivered by the Waheh Shnong of Khanduli Yooshida Nongspung. The Waheh Shnong of Khanduli, Yooshida Nongspung, said that the Dorbar Shnong Khanduli strongly condemns the CEM of JHADC and the MDCs because they are blind MDCs.
Speaking at the meeting, u Stephan also praised the teachers from those who have retired from the teaching profession to those who are still alive, for being the shapers of the bright future of the country and the nation. .
In a statement, Bah Ryngkat Lyndem, President of the Association, said that this is a general meeting which is held once a year and urged the drivers and owners of vehicles to attend the meeting. inform the residents to suffer for that day.
Furthermore, the HANM leader demanded that the government and KHADC should explain why they allow the Assam government to come and plant the border while the border settlement is in progress.
In another match, Karnataka scored two goals against Odisha and this was enough for Karnataka to qualify for the semi-finals.
The venues for these programs include the Fifth Ground Polo Ground, State Central Library, Ward's Lakae, Golf Course and the State Convention Centre.
The existence of TULBA by building houses for the poor is the biggest part.
Win A in speed and memory.
The Nongpoh MLA said that there are still many villages and areas in Ri Bhoi, where the people are facing problems, due to the neglect of the government and that the people living in such villages, they do not receive development schemes from the government and how much more so due to the lack of roads.
Why do you have to wait 1,2,3 hours?
“Even though Meghalaya has turned 50 years old and has celebrated its Golden Jubilee, there are still many things to be done for the people in Mawphlang Constituency,” he said. income generation and many others.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 27: Following the ban on entry and exit of commercial vehicles from Meghalaya and Assam, only Jorabat has been allowed to be used as a passenger loading and unloading point, due to the situation and protests in the state. Assam Police today started releasing and allowing commercial vehicles from Assam to enter the state as well as those from Meghalaya to enter Assam.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Dr. HH Mohrmen said, “The main reason why I am contesting this election is the political decline in the state which has disappointed many churches.
There is only one high risk contact in West Khasi Hills, one high risk contact in South Garo Hills and one high risk contact in West Jaintia Hills.
According to the survey, women entrepreneurs have benefited up to Rs 10 crore. 20 per cent of the PRIME Kickstart Grant and PRIME Innovation Scaleup Loan, + starters are with advisors, 60 + registered starters, 50+ state supporters and donors, and 20 + starters from 10% of the investment and the PRIME Kickstart Grant and PRIME Innovation Scaleup Loan have been allocated for those who have to start from scratch.
The materials for planting seeds are as follows :-Rice seedlings, Top to phone the rice seedlings – By planting the rice seedlings the insects die and it can stay dryNew seeds – produce good seedsPlastic to plant or cut – to cover the sweet seeds and sow the seeds.
The CBC will also be able to deliver podcasts and digital audio platforms to listeners through the registration of digital audio platforms.
Shillong: The Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jaintia Hills, today sent a petition to the Deputy Chief Minister, Bah Prestone Tynsong, to demand that the Smart meter installation in Jaintia Hills by contractors.
He said the group of 79 volunteers who have been imprisoned have agreed that all the survivors will hold a meeting before the end of this year but the date will be announced later. .
A total of 584 doctors from across the state have received their doctoral certificates from the North East Christian University (CECU) Nagaland today. basil.
Therefore, the Bible has 66 books, 39 in the Old Testament, 27 in the New Testament and 1189 chapters, 929 in the Old Testament. There are 260 chapters in the New Testament.
Applications should be accompanied by a Court Stamp fee of Rs.25/- along with 2 (Two) passport size photographs and a Xerox copy of the Bank Account No. (Passbook), Residential Certificate. and EPIC and submit to the office on or before
“Besides, he said that the Jaidbynriew has many leaders but just because many people don't know, don't understand and don't think to elect such people, it's clear that the people reject such people. These are the people who are willing to lead the state in a clean and transparent manner.
Pynursla, March 7: The owners, traders and day laborers of the quarry along the Ryngngain river, Pynursla road today held a meeting at the Community. Hall at Neng Gate, Penursla.
According to the injured, the incident happened at 10 pm before they started farming at Rithang where they used to farm synsar, kwai tympew, sohmrit, la tyrpad and others.
For example, in the Purinam Floods of Mesopotamia, the gods were angry with the people and wanted to destroy them.
Meanwhile, former Chief Minister and Congress MLA Salseng C Marak has defended the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma by saying that the allegation is just a money laundering.
The incident ha Thangskai in East Jaintia Hills on the 24th of July, 2023 has not surprised many people as the signs have already appeared since previous years that the indigenous people have become foreigners in their own country. of the rhythm.
We understand the reluctance of parents to send their children by bus, but the STEMS buses are equipped with safety measures and equipment to help prevent abuse. of children.
However, when the writer asked why you left the BJP, he replied, “No one believes that you are counted there.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister of Education and Home Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbui said, “The Government is now preparing to implement school buses to reduce the number of school buses. traffic jam in Shillong"
“Any decision taken should be for the safety and welfare of all the citizens of Meghalaya,” said Prestone.
He said that the Chief Minister has promised that from now on the state government will do whatever is necessary to provide protection to foreigners who are residents of Meghalaya.
Shillong: U Bah Phrikshon Kharshiing has brought to the public another new book “Ka Par Kordor Knowledge – I”.
Another Khasi custom which it still holds is the “Tang-jait” in which the children born from the marriage between a Khasi father and a non-Khasi mother are given a new jait.
Manipur Police said they are fighting to arrest the suspects.
However, with the initiative of the new Chairman, on Thursday, they conducted an inspection of the stadium, after receiving a donation from the CM Special Development Fund of T.10 lakh to improve and improve the stadium. this is the field.
After seeing that Marten has not been able to carry garbage outside the Mawlai border, there has been no confidence and the garbage trucks have been flowing from other districts.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong of Umlyngkdait, Bah S Kharkongor, said that the area is still under the jurisdiction of the village and therefore the village expresses its opposition to the government's plan to install a weighbridge. the boundary of the village.
On the dangerous places, the CEO said that there are 12 dangerous places, but as of now there has been no incident of disturbance in any part of the country. to Sohiong constituency.
The party has demanded that the word 'President' should be removed and replaced with the word 'Governor' from the Sixth Scheduled Para 12A of the Constitution of India.
On June 2, three soldiers were killed by NSCN (K) militants in Tirap district of Arunachal Pradesh and on June 3, seven Assam Rifles and one Territorial Army soldier were killed. He was killed in the Mon district of Nagaland in an attack by the same group.
It is for this reason that the National Commission in its report on the review of the implementation of the Constitution, has submitted a Recommendation to recognize and empower the Autonomous District Councils to scheme the responsibility for the implementation of the Constitution. We should not be involved in development schemes like JNNURM through the Municipal Government or Schemes through the Panchayats which can affect and weaken the KHASI Government. Khasi (Village, District and Hima Raid).
“He is a young man who is ready to help and cooperate in anything that will improve the society and who never refuses to participate in the problems of the people,” they said.
Ardent Basaiawmoit, President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) to fight against the government which has been on strike since 23rd June, has been successful. 30th June, after the government had called for talks with the union, to discuss the issue of the union's Reservation Policy.
Because many of those who burn are filled with joy.
“At present, there are many jobs in this state where many of the state residents have not taken up these jobs until foreigners have been forced to come to work in this beloved state. '.
So I agreed and composed two songs, one in Sohra and the other in Lyngngam.
This is a threat to the poor and needy who have to go and come every day to earn a living and the people have to listen to the unfair behavior of these exploiters who don't care about those who don't care about them. poor and needy and also those who put the lives of others in danger.
As the match progressed, the players of Lamare FC improved and it was at this point, that they scored 2 goals and were assured of beating the team. Friend United won 3-0 to win the title.
As members of the KSU we must remember to put forward the issues of protection and development and to serve the Jaidbynriew body and soul through the KSU and not to hold a spectacle when you are members of the KSU. The Rangbah KSU, u la reminded the members of the KSU, by saying, looking back on these 42 years that the KSU has been longdoh longsnam, it has gone through a difficult path through bloodshed and persecution. members of the jaidbynriew but the spirit of courage through them that is still standing strong today without turning back from the difficulties because the foundation of the party is strong.
He has sufficient knowledge and age to lead.
“In the past years, the farmers of Moodymmai Village have been in peace and stability in the field of agriculture while farming in Sung Valley but after Maskut has received its own Dolloi, the farmers have been facing difficulties in farming. “It's too late,” said the Waheh Shnong.
To better understand this type of disease, pneumonia is a type of infection that affects the lungs and leads to swelling, swelling or swelling of the airways.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today honored Elambok Dkhar of Wahsiej village, South West Khasi Hills for his bravery in rescuing a girl who was about to drown. .
“Meghalaya, which has a large Christian population, has benefited from all the schemes introduced by Modi, such as drinking water in every household like JJM, housing for the poor through PMAY, electricity supply. through Ujwala, the distribution of foodgrains to the poor families through the PMGKY and most importantly the failure to provide the Covid vaccine which has saved us all from the disease. MP should know,” said the BJP to the MPCC President. “The revenue of the people from the budget has reached Rs 89,000 crore in the last nine and a half years of Modi's rule while in the years Even when the Congress party is in power, they have not been able to show that for 70 years the Congress party has been insulting the people by depriving them of the necessary shares to improve their lives.
He expressed the need to promote sports in these days so that the youth can escape from any evil habits that surround the nation.
Titos said he expected that the T.80 crore allocated by the Planning Commission for the development of Sohra should go smoothly and not as it appears in the news that it will be wasted.
He said that the NFNS will hold this protest to convey to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi that the time has come to strengthen the country by rebuilding the country. new states on the basis of the customs and traditions, language and names of the ethnic groups living in these states.
Tragic events can happen at any time.
Daniel said, "And many of them that sleep in the dust of the earth shall awake, some to everlasting life, and some to shame and everlasting contempt.
JOWAI: The residents of Iooksi, West Jaintia Hills have expressed their surprise regarding the sudden increase in the bill light including the poor households (BPL) and some of them have received electricity bill of up to T.552119.
The Dorbar Shnong Umlyngsha, East Jaintia Hills District, has expressed its gratitude to the leaders of the area, Ma Kyrmen Shylla MLA Khliehriat and Dr. Sankey Shangpung, MDC Bataw Lakadong Constituency, for their help and support. face to face with the plight of the people of the village during this time of lockdown in order to fight against COVID-1
It is worth mentioning that this proposal or notice of the government came after the High Level Committee (HLC) appointed by the government, after a strong protest to demand the eviction of these residents of the area. , has suggested to the government to relocate them from the land, which has been taken over by the Urban Affairs Department after paying Rs 1 crore to the Hima Mylliem, which is the owner of the land.
Therefore, he sang that this Rngiew should be restored to the Khasi.
Therefore, the union appealed to the people to give their right hand and willingness to oppose this bill which should not be implemented in the state because only the residents who do not have the government cannot. There is now a plan to bring in residents from other countries.
The knowledge she has will be a leader for our mother-in-law society.
He said that these candidates who have just joined the Congress yesterday and are no different from foreigners, who have taken advantage of the party and have become candidates instead of the party workers who have worked. difficult.
“We also feel now that if our nation is to be strong, we have to strengthen our economy.
The aim of the Government through the Department of Arts and Culture by organizing such events is to bring closeness, peace and unity and also to spread the message of making Meghalaya a clean and green state in the country. and in 2015.
Ropeways are needed in such areas.
Arunachal won the toss and started tied first.
Shillong: The ban on the slaughter and sale of beef will continue until further notice, on Tuesday.
Replying to this, the Minister promised to consider the suggestion of the Chief Minister.
Therefore, to explain how to preserve the trees, hills and rivers, the drawing of nature should not only be done to beautify but also to be done by the children. you cannot protect the environment.
In July, during its visit, the NCPCR recommended to the state government to identify and provide accommodation to those children who have been forcibly employed in Jaintia Hills.
In this regard, the authorities and police of the area are still struggling to track down the suspect who stole and carried away the cup.
“Therefore, we are ready to talk to the Government of India without any conditions whether it is inside or outside the Constitution of India”.
The AITC, Meghalaya has tweeted against the MDA Government's lack of attention to the shortage of health facilities.
He was a smart and strong young man who never hesitated to work together for the good.
Shillong, Naitung 14 : Ryntih Sports Club has received a work order of 2 lakh tyngka from Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie, while Mawtawar SC has received 50,000 tyngka. Alexshon Mylliem Umlong, an arm wrestler, received the donation at the office of Mawlai Nongpdeng on Friday.
“The prevalence of crimes that take advantage of the vulnerability of children and women has put the society in a state of emergency,” said Bah MH Dkhar in a statement. we are so worried that we don't want to trust anyone anymore.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today introduced a budget of T.213,52,87,410 crore for the year 2018-1 The revenue is T.213 crore (213,53,36,970).
Speaking on Saturday, Samlin said he is not happy to say anything on HDR's application for the MP ticket as it is the responsibility of his party.
Nonglait said that there is something behind the split in the HSPDP which has decided to support the independent candidate Pastor PBM Basiawmoit.
Replying to a question, the Minister said that the project will be implemented by NEEPCO.
Although Kishan played hard, Bisht scored 35 fours and one six.
He urged the public to refrain from spreading the video on social media.
He said in the House that as the Leader of the Northern Party was not present at the time of the passage of the Resolution, he misunderstood the word.
Shillong: U Chief Justice T Vaiphei, Chairman of the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC), on Tuesday visited the Shillong District Jail.
Therefore, as the Hynniewtrep people, from the rulers to the people, we must break away from that spirit of pride, the spirit of selfishness, the spirit of pride, the spirit of strength as human beings, the spirit of righteousness. the will of God.
Tyrsa said that the residents have struggled as much as they can to repair the Mahindra Pickups, but most of the time when they reach the steep and steep places, even the women who have lost their babies have lost their babies. , they had to get off and drive the car with the elders, just to get it out of the tight places where they were stuck.
Have you ever wondered what is the cause of climate change?
They also questioned the NPP leadership, how they can announce that the NPP ticket for 2023, has been given to Macdalyne S.Mawlong, without the knowledge of the party workers and those who They alleged that the ticket announcement for Macdalyne S. Mawlong has shown that they have violated the rules of procedure within the party, as they have announced the ticket without the knowledge of all the party office bearers.
Nongpoh, July 17: Leaders of the FKJGP North Khasi Hills District, under the leadership of Bah Bishar L.Dhar as President, in collaboration with the members of the FKJGP, on Monday visited the to meet with the ADM of Ri Bhoi District, to seek clarification on the government has not yet started the construction of the mynder check posts or the entry and exit points, which is planned to be built on 19Mer and 12Mer.
In fact, the phrase 'pitch and substance' has nothing to do with Ajay's letter.
They aim to set expectations for providing high-quality and safe emergency care, and thereby optimal clinical outcomes.
Those who have symptoms of covid-19 have been advised not to travel to the State.
He said that the time has come for the ethnic parties to rule the state because they are the ones who understand the problems of the state.
People should not walk around the market places without any need.
In the quarter final of the Under-14 Boys category, RC Eve Secondary School beat Ialong Secondary School 1-0
The Village Defense Party of Thadmuthlong has requested the owners of these cows to come and take them to the office of the VDP Thadmuthlong without delay and within 5 days from the date of publication of this news. and if there is no need for these Masi, the VDP will take the necessary action.
After receiving a tip on the presence of the counterfeit currency, the police from West Guwahati Police District and Jalukbari Outpost have launched a raid to seize the counterfeit currency. Mofidul Islam, 29, a resident of Bihpuriya area of ​​Lakhimpur district, was arrested by the police.
When asked whether the appearance of Fenela, HSPDP leader, will affect the vote of Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, Witting said, “The pastor lost only 10 votes. “The people from Jaintia, Khasi to Ri-Bhoi have understood that they know all the facts, people are no longer stupid,” said Fenela.
The 6th seal will be opened, the sun will be turned into a garment of hair, the moon into blood, and the stars will fall to the earth.
“We will look at the election because it is not right to decide alone but we need to call a meeting with the supporters if we reach that point to take a decision.
The meeting was conducted by Bah PF Lyngdoh Sordar Village Wahkaji in the presence of Bah DG Nongsiej SDSEO South West Khasi Hills District and other elders of the village. School children who performed songs and dances along with the people who came to witness this day.
Up to 5 children from Rangthong School were in this group.
We are with Bihar – a state that has always been backward in many areas.
Shillong, July 01: U Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmugatnathan, on Tuesday said that it is a pride for Meghalaya to be a Khasi community in which the Khasi community has respected and honored the Khasi women, unlike other countries. parts of the country.
In the first match, they drew 1-1 between Lumpariat and Chutwakhu.
Jlang, the NPP has been elected again to lead the new government.
The Jaintia Tribal Traders Association (JTTA) on Monday met with the EM incharge of Taxation Department, JHADC, Ma W Sungoh to demand that the government should not allow trading. License for foreign traders or foreign companies in Jaintia Hills especially in Jowai.
The suspect was identified as Bah Omeka Myrthong of Mawlaingut village, East Khasi Hills District. He has four children.
He knows that he should not be clean.
He said the government has allocated about T.300 crore for this scheme.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has vowed that his job is to destroy and eliminate militant activities on Israeli soil from Hamas militants.
Of post office and expressed these strong opposition.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Kharbani said that football is one of the sports that all the people enjoy watching and it is also a sport that makes a person healthy. physically and mentally.
However, after this, the BJP leaders have forgotten him in many of the party's activities and he has decided to leave the BJP and now he has decided to join the Congress.
In the past, people from the north used to come to the state to escape the heat during the rainy season.
Speaking to media, Prestone said that through the setting up of these Adhaar Card centres, in all District Headquarters and Sub Divisions, it has made it easier for all to be unemployed. I don't want to go to Shillong.
The results of the four elections were not good for the Congress and Marak said the party needs to work harder to win.
Marki Mulieh is an MDC who won from the UDP and later joined the BJP and served as the District President of the party in West Jaintia Hills.
Furthermore, according to a letter written by Bah Arkijuh Dkhar, he said that although this money is not illegal, but it has caused a lot of trouble to the people who hold the T10 tyngka money because the sellers At the same time, he said that this has caused surprise to many especially those people who come from outside the district and outside the state. I am proud of those who come from outside the district and outside the state.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 56493 out of which 51396 have recovered and 931 have died.
Prof. Srivastava will continue to hold his post within one year or until the end of the year. another shall take his place.
It is also a source of concern for the pedestrians because they don't know when they will be hit by the drivers.
Mrs. Anne Jones died on 22.08.1845 and was buried at the Church Cemetery at Nongsawlia (Sohra).
The appointment of Casual Workers has been approved by the Government.
The EJNC and HANM have also demanded that the district authorities of EJHD should conduct a new examination for the post of LDA. state for the past decades until now, has not changed its position against it and still says clearly that it continues to oppose it.
In the second match, Dkhiah West beat Iongkaluh SC 12-0. Batbitbha Bareh scored 2 goals, Russia Dkhar 2 goals, Amethis Darnei 4 goals, Iris Dkhar 4 goals. Phaintis Lyngdoh, Jingshisha Bareh and Release Lyngdoh scored 10 goals each.
Not only that, but I found many friends who betrayed me.
Shillong: The Leader of the Opposition and former Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma on Tuesday said that it is through the Congress party that the Indian government has not been willing to introduce the Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2016 in the state. Assembly.
Shillong, June 30: The Meghalaya Book Makers Welfare Union (MBMWU) has been angry with the Meghalaya Book Makers Welfare Union (MBWU) for taking steward fees from the shopkeepers. They earn only T.200 per day.
Wellson RD Siangshai, Secretary of Pamrakmai Village, said that after the distribution of ration at the Pamrakmai FPS Centre, the VO of Pamrakmai Village, East Jaintia Hills District, has raised the issue of ration. The Deputy Commissioner of Supply, East Jaintia Hills District, has found that there has been a lot of complaints and complaints from the ration recipients who have ration cards. Card Holder), who blamed the dealers who distribute rice in the village for the shortage of kilos and shortage of rice.
Shillong: There have been 441 new cases in the state, 264 recoveries and five deaths.
Three prominent leaders of Jammu and Kashmir, including Mehbooba Mufti, Omar Abdullah and Sajjad Lone, have been detained at their homes since midnight on Sunday. You are God.
East Khasi Hills has 24 active cases, West Garo Hills 15, Ri Bhoi 23, West Jaintia Hills 21, South West Garo Hills 2, South West Khasi Hills 3, Eastern West Khasi Hills 1, North Garo Hills , South Garo Hills 3, East Jaintia Hills 8, West Khasi Hills 5 and East Garo Hills
“The recent hike in the price of rice has left many churches wondering how they will be able to provide this food item.
Another issue that has stirred up controversy is the NRC in Assam.
The Minister said that the work of the police has become increasingly difficult at this time and therefore, courage, understanding and skills are needed.
“Until now we are waiting for the report and we cannot say anything until we get the report, we have many rules to follow if we get the report,” she said.
He said that the inability to produce IAS since 2013 is something that the state should be ashamed of and he said that on his part as an MLA if the people allow he will work hard for this and also to appoint many government officials.
The danger is that there are those who oppose only now because the whole Hynniewtrep world is still opposed to the mining of uranium, so they too should oppose.
Shillong, June 25: Shillong Cricket Association (B) and East Garo Hills have won their respective matches of the Inter District U-19 Boys Cricket Tournament on Monday.
They were welcomed by Zenith Sangma in the presence of Lazarus Sangma and MDCs at a meeting held in Tura.
At the same time, he said that for others, the project is small but for those in need, it has been a great blessing.
With this victory, Real Mythics FC have scored three points in their match against Lynshing FC in the Lt. Jien Pyngrope Memorial Invitation Football Tournament
There are three Raids, Raid Nongjrong, Raid Labang and Raid Nangphyllut while Pangam Raliang falls under the Raliang Elaka which still has a Dolloi, but the Dolloi of Labang Nangphyllut has been forcibly abolished. that Carb.
Jesus said to her again, “I NEVER CONVINCE YOU: GO AND SIN NO MORE.”John 8:1-1
At present, the market is very dirty and we need to clean it,” said the newly appointed Paiem of Mylliem Hima.
When asked how much the food costs there, he said, “I drink only 10 pela of sha and 10 peris of food and the price is up to T.150 tyngka. said the old man.
“For the sake of the students of the North East, he urged the MCTA to take one step and come and talk to him because he is ready to talk for their benefit. “Only through dialogue can we reach an understanding and take a consensus decision,” said a statement from NEHU. Earlier in the same statement, the VC congratulated all of them. The colleges affiliated to NEHU have decided to implement the Four Year Undergraduate Program (FYUP) as outlined in the National Education Policy (NEP)
Yirmi Jagoi of Women's College won the Champion of Champion (COC) category while Shemladbha Khongwir of Seng Khasi won the men's category. College.
Gas Cylinder Distributors in the State as well as various groups from all districts of Khasi and Jaintia Hills Districts were also present.
The new route was inaugurated today at the Shillong Airport in collaboration with the Ministry of Civil Aviation in New Delhi.
Three or four trucks carrying food items such as phan, piat, umphniang and others have caused severe damage to small vehicles passing in the Mawlong Market area. They did not drive them out but went to find a good place to build them.
All the people had already voted except for a few riewdum who opposed it.
Sangriang village has 3 LP schools and one UPS but the number of children attending school is very low and many of them drop out of school within a short period of time.
Explaining on the inclusion of Latiplang Kharkongor who joined KHNAM (because KHNAM is not in the KHUDA coalition), Syiem said that Latiplang Kharkongor still supports KHUDA because On the allegation that there are only 6 MDCs outside KHUDA, Pynshngain said that 3 MDCs of the HSPDP have withdrawn their support and Three MDCs of KHNAM, except Bah Latiplang Kharkongor.
In East Garo Hills, 9 cases, 30 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 4 High Risk Contacts, 6 ILI cases, 5 cases in Pynurkba, 4 cases in Rymbai Pohskur Cluster, 3 cases in Starcement, 3 cases in Lumshnong and 7 cases in Tuberkmaishnong.
Nongpoh, Lber 28: The Dwarksuid Bridge has been one of the most popular bridges in the country. However, this problem will soon be resolved as the newly constructed bridge will soon be completed for the convenience of the people in coming and going.
Police said that the body parts of the mother-in-law were found after the confession of the accused and the body parts of her son were searched.
Hey! Ho! Beware of the covetousness of riches, and of those who use riches to buy your wealth.
According to media reports, BJP leaders in Delhi said that Bah Kharsyntiew has been rejected from his ticket due to unfounded allegations against two party leaders, who took the money to pay for tickets in the 2018 elections.
Shillong-Langsning will play against Seng Samla Laitryngew at 3 pm while in Group B, Jowai Zone, Ladthalaboh will play against Seng Samla Laitryngew at 3 pm. In Group C, Mawkyrwat Zone, Lumdiengngan will face Riangdo at 3:30 pm and in Group D, Tura Zone, Khliehmawlieh will play against Wasa FC at 3 pm.
It is therefore important to understand and acknowledge the concerns and fears of groups who find that this Act violates human rights and affects Indigenous people and Muslims.
The Night Super bus (AR-20-9099) carrying about 60 passengers was heading from Guwahati to Kamrimganj. The bus overturned on one side of the road and caused injuries to many people.
And we will have to wait for years to see that change.
When the Lord's day comes, they go to their churches, with a Bible or a book from the Word of God, without worrying about the weather.
Therefore, he urged the residents, market dwellers and market visitors not to remain silent when such incidents happen but to come forward to inform so that it can be of assistance and take the necessary action.
These judges of the High Court also laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Judicial Magistrate Court 1st Class at Sohra Civil Sub Division, Sohra, East Khasi Hills.
“When the wealth of our close friends has reached the sky, why hasn't there been an investigation?” he asked, referring to Gautam Adani, whom the Congress party said had been arrested. he was a close friend of Narendra Modi.
Thangkhiew completed his education at St Edmunds School and then went to college at St Edmunds, where he took Economics as his honors subject and graduated in In 1990, he went to Delhi University to study law.
He said that during the investigation into the Tang Jait, the most disappointing thing was that the District Council had been secretly informed by the District Council when he went to the office in charge of the Tang Jait. that he cannot refuse to request information through RTI due to their failure to respond to his request for information on the Tang Jait and the Jaits that have been implemented only after the approval of the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act and look at the Tang Jait method.
If we cannot stop such rhetoric to create ethnic differences, there will be a time when the ethnic groups will be in great danger if they go abroad.
When asked about the incident, the Minister said that the incident happens but this incident will not affect the state or the rights of the victims. die.
What is surprising is that the maintenance of the road in the past few months, has not been completed at all and the reason for the heavy rainfall has been reported. Shillong, Nailur 07: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has announced 28 candidates for the repairs. cases in Khasi and Jaintia Hills and 10 cases in Garo Hills.
The actions of the police and the Bengali community have angered the villagers and they have thrown stones and protested.
We firmly believe that through this Behdieñkhlam, the nation will have a spirit of unity as a small nation in the Bri u Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum”.
Time will tell and we will have to wait.
Where are those patriotic political parties that call for nationalism only during the elections? Why do they listen to the death and livelihood of the farmers? Where is the Minimum Support Price (MSP) that the government has provided to the farmers especially during elections? Where are those farmers' organizations that can help the farmers? If no one helps, the time will come when, once the water has reached the river, soon the farmers from all over the country will protest and come to the Secretariat. to appear in the world with their starvation rather than just starving inside their own homes.
The phang is part of the kur.
In Ri Bhoi, there are 37 cases, of which 10 are high risk contacts and 27 are policemen.
“If they continue to search, the law will take action for the safety of the people,” he said.
He said the publication of the names of the deceased children is also punishable under Section 74 (1) of the JJ Act,
Whenever they meet such people, their eyes are filled with tears.
“These past incidents, the law will do its duty,” said Kong Syiem and urged the public to delete their photos and videos and be responsible people. these events and having accountability," she said.
On the same day, Dr Kharlukhi launched the book 'Shi Hara ki sur Myllung and Essays' edited by Dr Davidson Diengdoh.
In Nongkrem, the incumbent MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit of the HSPDP will be able to contest again despite a fierce contest with Lambor Malngiang of the Congress. The incumbent MDC is Congress candidate Banteidor Lyngdoh and HSPDP candidate Martle N Mukhim.
On the other hand, the NPP MDC candidate Apsharailang Syiem, besides explaining the issues, has also criticized the Congress candidate for saying that he has no issue but has obeyed the orders of the Congress. He said that under the leadership of the HSPDP and Congress, there has been a big problem especially in terms of development in Nongstoin.
Wansuk won the Rajya Sabha election last year unopposed after the resignation of Thomas A. Sangma.
The permit to mine coal will be obtained from the MSPCB until the applicants have submitted the necessary documents.
Reliance Pyrngap from Meghalaya has received the National Florence Nightingale Award for the year 2022 for her hard work.
The curfew will not affect security forces, medical teams on duty, wholesale and retail pharmacies, police and armed forces, fire & emergency service, MeECL, NEEPCO & power grid food and civil supply department and fci, public works department ( PWD), public health engineering (PHE) department, Jowai Municipal Board, Postal Service, Telecom, Communications & it services, print& electronic media, petrol pumps, essential services including health services and online food delivery authorized workshops and designated spare parts dealerships of health and Family Welfare Department, Government of Meghalaya and Government officials on duty.
Babu H.Jyrwa, Headmaster of Pyndendiwah RC Secondary School, Pyndendiwah, recalled that the school started from Upper Primary School in 1992 while Secondary School started in The school has now turned 18 years old, but the school is still lagging behind in all aspects.
Small vehicles have been allowed to pass through the road from Brichyrnot to Lumshnong where there is Star Cement but this road is not good and the people have to be careful when passing through this road.
These experts explain that if we do not take urgent action to address this food shortage, soon the world will experience only various struggles and protests that will affect the peace and stability of society ( social unrest, food riots, political instability, famine and more failed states).
Election officials have seized 8.6 kilos of gold worth Rs 1.47 crore and Rs 3.37 crore in cash in Bengaluru.
The Forum also expresses its gratitude to the lawyers who led the Forum, Chief Advocate of the Supreme Court Nalin S Kohli, together with his team including P. Yobin, Saurabh Sharma, Jogender Handoo and Prabhas Bajaj.
In another event, Treesa Jolly in collaboration with Gayatri Gopichand lost at the beginning of their journey against Japanese women's wrestler Rin Iwanaga. & Kie Nakanishi scored 22-20 12-21 16-21 in the first half.
On this occasion, work orders were distributed to 15 poor households under the PMAYG scheme to build new houses under this scheme.
This protest has affected the poor and needy especially those who work in the morning and evening.
“Once you are involved, not just for fifteen or two decades but more than 150 years you are involved is no longer an easy task.
There was also an exchange of words between the Minister of District Council Affairs (DCA) HDR Lyngdoh and the CEM Pynshngain Syiem.
According to Bah Suchiang, it is understood that the Lukha River has been a source of income in the past. He said that in the past, the residents of the area used to earn a living from this river. The river where they earn their living by selling fish and feeding their families and sending them to school, educating their children, but due to the lynshop of various pollutants, this river has turned bad, but He said that the Lukha Festival was held for the first time in 2019, with the initiative of the Society and the district authorities to clean up the river. due to the COVID-19 pandemic in 2021 and 2022, STEDS has been able to hold this festival for the third time. wings.
We are sad to see that the Chief Minister has not taken action on this issue, and perhaps the reason is that if this is implemented, the Ministers and the ruling parties will no longer be able to do what they want,” said the statement.
Overding Kharlait, 27, of Nongdom, has lodged a complaint at Mairang Police Station against the suspect. He is also the father of the deceased and the husband of the deceased.
“He said that they have already discussed these villages and the discussions are now going on with hope.
Both the teams played well from the start, but Laitkor scored the first goal through Nisilia in the 3rd minute.
Hek said the desire to talk peace with the HNLC is a long standing matter and the two BJP MLAs urged the Governor to talk to the HNLC. The Union Home Minister urged the HNLC to stop its violent activities and at the same time urged the HNLC to hold peace talks.
The Rangbah Shnong said that the house was completely destroyed and no furniture could be recovered and the damage was estimated at T.70 or T.80 lakh.
In addition to this PDS scheme, the residents benefit when the central or state government increases the price of essential items.
However, the answer may be wrong, as the department assumes that sugar is distributed once a month and three kilograms per household.
Application requirements are two passport photographs, Xerox EPIC or Birth Certificate, certificate from the employer or certificate from the SDO PWD/PHE at a fee of T.25/- entry fee. name and T.30/- for monthly contribution.
On the morning of 8th July 2020, they attacked Amdoh village and injured two BSF personnel and one civilian.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong will face Chennai City FC in the fifth match of the Hero I-League 2018/19 at JN Stadium, Shillong today at 5 PM. There is no SSA Counter at the Polo Ground.
James Bond Nongkhlaw of Ram Krishna Mission, Sohra won the first prize, Binit Das of Jail Road Boys Higher Sec School won the first prize and Saurav Sinhi of Laban Bengalee Boys Higher Sec won the third prize. school, Saturday.
“However, the government's decision to allow the reopening of tourism will be safe and will be ensured in collaboration with the authorities,” he added.
We also looked at the second part of the talks on the border as well as the division of operations between the Assam and Meghalaya armies.
He said that with the assistance of the Universal Service Obligation Fund under the Telecommunications Department, about 5600 villages have been connected through a network of 4404 towers at a cost of T.3715 crore.
“As an elected leader, I will ensure that I know the law and understand the demands of the people,” she said.
“Our nation, which has enough talented youth, to make a strong nation, to reduce crime and to shape a brighter future.
Similarly, in 2010, during the tenure of Dr. Manmohan Singh as Prime Minister, Mehrotra said the Women's Reservation Bill was introduced and passed in the Rajya Sabha with a 33% share. for women in the Lok Sabha and in the State Legislative Assemblies but it could not be passed in the Lok Sabha.
The Seng has urged the PWD department to take immediate action before the rainy season next year and to repair the bridge immediately.
After arriving at Umroi Airport, the Leader of the AITC Legislative Party and Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma said, “We are delighted that the Chairperson of AITC has arrived for the first time in this city.
BSNL, the state-owned telecommunications company of India, is currently in a serious crisis.
The Deputy Commissioner of WJH, Arun Kumar Kembhavi, received a complaint that the Myntdu River has turned sky blue.
All four cases are from East Khasi Hills including three women and one man.
This house has also produced one child who has passed the Matric examination this year.
DA U PURNINGSTAR SHABONGI have spoken to my relatives through social media, but it is very necessary to spread it through the newspapers to reach all the children of Hynniewskum Hynniewtrep.
On the other hand, the Hynniewtrep Achick National Movement (HNM) has said that this will not end like this, but the party will come to investigate especially in Western Ribhoi where the mynder has been appointed.
He said that if the government does not comply with the demand of the people, they will not hesitate to appeal to the Supreme Court.
The men's team of the state has been the champion of last season and the men's team has won the title three times in the tournament. The 7th National Blind Football Tournament is also the title of the last two seasons of the tournament.
Shillong, Jymmang 1: “It's been a long time since I've been posted to Patharkhmah. My husband didn't come home,” said Chaleth Pyngrope, husband of Bah Pearlystone Joshua Marbaniang, in charge of Patharkhmah Police Outpost. hi yourself.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 27: The failure of the government and the relevant authorities to open the Sub Center in Umdang village in West Khasi Hills District, has caused a lot of trouble to the residents of Umdang village. Even after the completion of the sub center since November 2014, the sub center has remained idle.
“The emergence of new media forces us to examine what is right and wrong and what is good and bad and what is true or false,” Ramana said.
Surprisingly, the Minister said that it is only in Jaintia Hills that the kyiad produced by the people of the area has been recognized.
However, we have not yet arrested anyone.
I don't understand anymore...” said the mother of Wanbok. Bah Shanbor also shook his head.
He said that the village authority of Mawphanlur has banned the cutting down of trees or burning forests to preserve the beauty of the area but there are people from outside the village who do not understand and he requests them to respect. the nature lest the beauty of the place be lost.
As the author of half a dozen books in Khasi and English, Ma Heibormi Sungoh has participated in the state, the region, India and some of the world in the fields of literature and culture. , and has also worked actively in various cultural organizations including the North East Zonal Cultural Centre.
Daniel said the KSU is against the UIN census because it is not satisfied with the accuracy of the people living in the state. The residents of the state are not citizens.
Grace said the Council has to take care of the money so that it can be released again.
According to him, all foreign vehicles that come to Shillong should stop as soon as they arrive in Shillong and when they want to go anywhere they should take their vehicles. He said that this has been done in other states like Mizoram and Sikkim.
Shillong: The fire brigade has resumed in the state and will be operational in Garo Hills and Shillong from 12 pm to 7 pm.
“The body of the child has been exhumed and an examination will be conducted to determine whether she was raped before being killed,” police said.
Shillong, Naiwing 20: Nine GNLA cadres from Chepagre, Rukolpara, Salmanpara and Boldakgre have been arrested by Ampati Police Station.
He also raised his tied by reaching 29 unbeaten runs to break Taylor's record of 7,683 runs.
“We have recovered 1057 rounds of ammunition and 14201 rounds of ammunition from the Valley Districts and 138 rifles and 121 rounds of ammunition from the Hill Districts. and various Out Posts,” said the Police Chief.
However, speaking to media, Chalai said, “As of now, we have witnessed that the states of the region have made more progress.
When asked about the role of churches in the fight against drug trafficking, Bah Paul said that religious organizations have a big role to play in the state. and how as responsible citizens we can start working to eradicate this problem, it will be the best way for the future of Meghalaya.
According to Bah Marwein, the state government has no choice but to shut down all the nine dewbilat factories because they have violated the law.
Ma Nujorki Sungoh MLA in his speech, praised the work of SURE in these areas which has brought about change especially in the field of agriculture.
WHAT IS THE MEANING OF THIS ACT ?The first clause of this Act states that it shall bring about the development of farmers and give them the freedom to sell not only in Mandis or markets or under the jurisdiction of They are called 'APMCs', but through this Act, they are also allowed to sell outside the state.
Pastor P.Dkhar also explained some of the activities of the Bible Society of India in terms of promoting the work through the publication of Bibles or sermons in many parts of the country. 'Brill Bible', 'Audio Bible', especially the Word of God for those with disabilities and the ability to produce these is through the cooperation of all churches.
request NPP government to ban quarrying in rngain.
Before taking over, the KHADC had allowed the former Wahadadar, Bah Soutish Youroin, to hold the post for one day only on 22nd November The next day, the Council appointed a Chairman from the Shella Confederacy.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, on Tuesday said that he will soon lay the foundation stone for the construction of a new Red Cross Hospital before the end of his term as MLA. in this five years.
Recently, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, said that among all the Smart City projects, only the implementation of the Smart Road is easier as it has created many problems.
It is an unexpected time that these talented players will suffer injuries and lose the opportunity to represent India in these foreign tournaments, even though they have played well for their clubs. represent.
These words were expressed by the residents of Lower Mawpud after they said that there are no households which have not received water through the JJM scheme. The Rangbah Shnong of Lower Mawpud, Bah Robertson S Basan, who has been in charge of the Rangbah Shnong for more than 1 year, said that the JJM water scheme has been in place since In June 2019, the scheme was received through the contractor, Bah Bhabok Lyngkhoi. After that, he came to install water in Lower Mawpud village. They have already been provided with water by the contractor, but until now the families are living in darkness inside the village because some of them have not yet received water.
After the BSF has completed the investigation, they handed over the sugar to the Rongra Police Station for further investigation.
Before planting, the soil should be well plowed; then they sow the seed about three to four cents per acre.
Besides the above, Bah Dabit is also familiar with all the customs and traditions of the Lyngngam since ancient times.
Rupang also had the opportunity to talk to him about his goal for the constituency if he reaches his goal. He said that his main goal if he achieves this goal is to take action in relation to the suffering of the students of the area in many ways.
As a sign of informing the public about the existence of the playground, the CEM of KHADC Bah Titos W Chyne on Saturday inaugurated the playground which includes children's playgrounds, playgrounds and so on to purpose-built viewing platforms.
Vijay Singh of Fittorium Gym, Shillong won the Over All Body Building Championship 2023 and Pynioladmi Pala of Satar Gym Fitness Ummulong West Jaintia Hills won the Over All Men's Physique Championship 3rd All Meghalaya Amateur Body Building Championship Mr.Ironman Amateur 2023.
In conclusion , I wish you all a happy and healthy New Year and may this year bring blessings and a better change for the country and the nation happen and succeed indeed to improve us in all aspects.
Breen's father, Dr Philip C Breen, said that in an interview with him, the doctor explained about the spread of the coronavirus, in which she forced patients at the hospital. .
“Besides the National President and Vice President of the party, Government Ministers, MLAs and MDCs of the party will also be present on this occasion.
