Marak said he will soon meet with the Minister of Electricity, AT Mondal to inform him of the issue so that it can be resolved through the means found.
Poh you are in your state.
Vijayaraj was the only player to score 250 runs with 39 fours and three sixes off 255 balls.
I.Kharmon said that the implementation of Fastag has become a law and will be implemented on all vehicles, according to the announcement through the Ministry of Roads and Highways. where the purpose of implementing Fastag is to make it easier for the people who own vehicles.
At the same time, in response, he said, “There was no discussion, it was the decision of...the top leaders of the party.
The state government has issued a directive to all government employees to go to work on these days without fail, and if they fail they will be punished.
The final match of the tournament included the Men's Single between Vicky Nongrang against Jobin Gamaliyel Thomas in which Vicky Nongrang defeated Jobin Gamaliyel Thomas 21-11 in the 1st set and 21-17 in the second set. In the 2nd set, in the Men's Double, Syllok Marbaniang and Jackson Lyngdoh defeated Mewanpyntngen Shadap and Babitlang Ryndong. 21-16 in the first set, 17-21 in the second set and 21-13 in the third set.
In the end, the tynshop encouraged the people of the state that if they do anything, they should work hard with perseverance and gradually they will be able to reap the holy fruit of the state. that they have worked hard.
Kuldip Saini said the BSF has built toilets in various schools for the Swachhta Abhiyan programme, and has also distributed school books and school supplies. who doesn't have a khappud.
When will we get clarity on these Acts and Rules and whether they are up to date?
He said that they came to the site to lay the foundation stone to understand the matter because they had received information that the Syiem of Mylliem Hima would come but he did not come at all and there was only the Lyngdoh.
Shillong, Naitung 17 : Madanryting village has become the first census town in Meghalaya to receive the benefits of the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS).
Wernher von Braun, in his 1952 book Project Mars, wrote that Mars would be ruled by a government of forty people. They will be in a government headed by Elon and will rule for five years by popular vote, headed by Elon.
In the next 24 hours, heavy and heavy rainfall is expected in parts of Shillong and surrounding areas. state, in the next 24 hours.
“The opening of this building will be this year,” he said.
That is why God has rejected them and they can no longer be priests in Christ to this day because they have forgotten the law of God.
“Before they didn't want to come to school anymore and the Sordar has informed us about this and so now we have got a new building,” he said. .
Shillong, November 19: The Mawlai Constituency Progressive Forum (PCF) today held an Advance Christmas Celebration in the presence of all the members of the party.
Hep now realized that Lydia had felt differently about what had appeared on his body, because they were close together.
Congratulating the government for setting up security forces to protect the Metor drivers, the Sikh United leader said the group also wants to know what the government has promised to do. “We have seen in the newspapers that there has been a threat to destroy the Gurudwara too, we want to know what they are doing. There are those who go to work in places where they have to walk 10 kilometers away if they are attacked what will the government do, what is the promise to protect them? that" he said.
The contribution of religious organizations especially in this regard is very important, because many parents believe that children are given by God, so they should not really turn away from which gives birth no matter how many there are.
The body of Bhattai was taken to Shillong today for the last rites.
Shillong (PIB): The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, today handed over the new Parliament to the country on the 28th of this month.
When these leaders and members of the FKJGP, when they visited the site, they acted like members of the FKJGP who just wanted to know how the site works, which the government itself has announced. The Entry Point will be one of the places to check the entry of foreigners into the state.
If you lose your religion, you will suffer a thousand children.
Speaking to reporters, they said that this dissatisfaction of the people with the Waheh Shnong has affected the people in many areas, from the Residential Certificate, to the any sources of benefit for the people in the village.
Speaking at a meeting at the Khlieh Shnong Sohra, Bah Warjri said that the water supply, which comes from the rain, falls on parts of the Sohra area only. He said that the water supply has benefited a lot to the people of the area and said that the truth is that Sohra has become more fertile and more water than the which is the case in previous years.
$25,000 ITF women, Setubal, Portugal: Singles (first round): Katarina Kozarov (Srb) defeated Karman Kaur Thandi 6-3, 6-2
In India, the number of cases has risen by 19,148 in a day, bringing the total number of cases to 6,04,6
Venkatesh, one of the LGBTQ supporters, who came from Kolkata to show his support, said, “This is the first time to hold a march with pride after the Supreme Court ruled. Court and I am happy to be involved.
“The Citizenship Amendment Bill will have a serious impact on the North East and it is also a bill which is against the feelings of the people of this region and which could cause conflict and disrupt the North East. peace and harmony,” said the prime minister.
In addition to the cash prize, the Commission will also award certificates and trophies with a special mention, including a cash prize of T.50,000 for several films. there is approval on the part of the judges.
On the right side of the stone is written the number 2734 + then on the right side is the image of a clean man with dots + , and on the right side is the image of a woman and the remaining parts were covered with earth.
They denied that they were appointed by politicians.
Shillong: The BJP has decided to contest the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong and Tura.
Lamarai said the Assam government has not forced the bank to come to Sabuda, but it is the will of the people who need it for their own safety.
This village is located 50 kilometers from Shillong and is also famous for its children's dorbar which works well in this village and is also famous in many fields.
He said that the venue has been built but it will be a good place for the witnesses to watch the Behdieñkhlam dance at the Aitnar Pond.
Shro lenson Marbaniang which is also in the name of the late father of the MDC of Mawsynram Constituency, Bah Alvin Sawkmie who is from the NPP party. There is no difference whether it is politicians or contractors, but the only thing is that they don't want to see the attempt to bring about implementation as they please without thinking about the use of The public has been on this road for many years.
Most of these are the Continental Milkose Nutrii Gold which the Anganwadis have difficulty managing because no one wants to eat them.
Qatar, which has a tourism partnership with Dubai, is expected to attract millions of fans from around the world to witness the tournament. this is the game.
The lack of police will cause serious problems to the state; and many works shall be done.
The chief guest on the occasion was Bah AL Hek Minister of Health and Family Welfare and the Chief Guest was PK Chullet Inspector of Electrical and others.
The HYC urges the NEHU authorities under the leadership of the Vice Chancellor to select the Khasi-Jaintia community first.
Speaking to media, the president of the PDF Youth Wing, Bah Egenstar Kurkalang, said that the Khasi people have lost their culture, religion and customs since India was ruled by India. the English government.
Nongpoh, Naitung 05: The Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO) has been surprised by the presence of false and intimidating news spreaders in the border areas of the state and Assam, in Block II. 'That the residents will lose their right to live in the area if they do not agree to become voters in Assam'
In a statement, Bah Biangshwa Shylla, President of the union, said that with the permission of these 18 tire trucks to carry goods, all factories will purchase such 18 tire trucks and vehicles from abroad. The state will load directly from the factories, instead of transporting or loading from Byrni and this will seriously affect the income of the state residents especially those who drive commercial trucks.
However, when poverty suddenly struck a family of a woman, Bibiana Khardewsaw, she had to drop out of school for her children, just because of poverty. you are too poor.
Meanwhile, Bah Mawlong Secretary Shnong said that in front of the village officials, Bah Hamlet has already confessed that he did not lie but he wanted to sell to the doctor and not to the BSF. Mawmaram has suspended its Sordar and arrested three persons, Handing Kurbah, Hamlet Kharjana and Kmel Nongbri.
Without knowing the needs of the people in the villages, how can we develop schemes to help them?
He mentioned many issues such as the problem of the villagers who live far from banks, the deposit of money by the villagers at home as a preparation for emergency needs.
This is an annual ritual that will be a deity, a right from the gods who have the right to remember especially to do for the sake of the country and the nation.
In fact, the opposition United Democratic Party (UDP) has strongly opposed the issue in the House and said that it will do whatever it takes to bring the issue in the House. council.
Many former members of the Congress have left and the remaining member is Holando Lamin of War Central.
The syaid you pla that you have three snei.
Speaking on the occasion, HC Chaudhary praised the beauty of Khaddum village with its beautiful forests and the beauty of Wah Lukha.
The many betrayals, extortions, kidnappings that took place in those days.
On the appointment of the Minister, Dr. M. Ampareen Lyngdoh to head the committee for the implementation of the Reservation Roster, the Leader said that Dr. Lyngdoh has spoken about the Reservation Policy. ' in 2018 and last year before the elections.
It doesn't end here but every month there are terrible things happening until the school season has brought hopelessness to the parents whether they can still support their children's education. son.
MPCC President Vincent H Pala said the party has already held a meeting on the manifesto and has now sent it to Delhi for preparation. The AICC and the Research Team will provide this.
On the other hand, the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, has not yet confirmed when the Administrator Rule will be introduced in the KHADC. This time you are willing to kill us just for your own sake.
This is also the last match of the second round.
Those who are alive are increasingly affected by the existence of this 'nation'
Especially when the opportunity arose, we prepared a design for the shlem sahnam to disseminate information in the history, culture and art.
We also urge the law not to punish such people whoever they are, but to punish them severely according to the rules of law.
But they chose to ignore this.
Regarding the allegation that there is no contract between Badri Rai & Co.
However, we will continue to move forward for the sake of the state, no matter what”.
Other BJP candidates who did not expect to lose the election as they are senior leaders are Jagdish Mukhi from Janakpuri who is contesting against his brother from AAP. and Rajesh Rishi.
So far, 236 BSF and Armforce personnel have been infected, 14 from Rangmen, 2 from Air Force, 2 from Assam Rifle and 9 from Regimental.
She said if the MDA 1.0 government is the most corrupt government in the country, then the BJP should answer.
The film was written by Om Raut and produced by Ajay Devgn and Bhushan Kumar.
ANWU Secretary Tenny Shabong said that this decision was taken after a meeting with the NEHU authorities. NEHU Shillong and Tura has been demanding from the NEHU authorities to recognize as full time employees those who have served for more than 10 years.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Baby League between Titan Otters and Lajong Coyotes was held today with the participation of children at the MFA Ground in Polo.
Here in India, including our state of Meghalaya, the government will develop many measures to raise funds and recover what has been lost.
The cooking methods and oil used in these foods along with the amount of salt can be a factor in affecting the health of the blood vessels.
Association and discipline are simple but meaningful.
The Minister also informed the meeting that the Government has brought the services of the Government closer to the people by creating C&RD Blocks and Sub Divisions. also the temporary office of the new Block.
According to a statement sent by the Director of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, “The veterinary doctors who are at the gate in Byrnihat, said that they had to flee the area for their own safety. ; However, the next night, they continued their work with the protection of the Ribhoi District authorities and denied that they had fled the scene because there were other people who had kidnapped them. take away their work.
The appearance of the candidates, especially Tharoor, comes after Rahul Gandhi refused to take over as Congress President, despite the urging of three state or Pradesh Congress Committees. Rahul Gandhi has been appointed as the President of the party.
Shillong: The State Government has informed through Bah AL Hek, Minister of State and Leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), that Defense Minister Amit Shah will visit Shillong in the second month of this year, but this visit is only for the purpose of schemes, development works and border issues, but he did not confirm that he would come to discuss the demand for Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the State.
There are also super deluxe rooms, nine rooms and the accommodation fee is T.1,000 per person and for two people, the fee is T.1,400 per night.
And the fire of the LORD fell from heaven, and consumed the burnt offering and the wood, and the stones, and the fire, and the water that was in the trench.
If he can justify his views, the council accepts his views.
I believe that time will tell and let the people themselves see who is better between the cow lur and the cow tur”.
Prestone said.
You cannot serve with pride, arrogance and pride.
However, if there is no spiritual closeness and a bright appearance, the position of parenthood is over.
During the inspection of many villages across the district, it was found that some of the villagers who due to the lack of agriculture are forced to stay in their homes.
Deep has denied beating his wife, but Heard's lawyers have shown text messages he sent to her in which he apologized for his violent actions. and he threatened to kill her.
The Jowai Municipal Board, has said that the installation of septic tanks, is too much space and expensive and the NGT has allowed the Board to find other ways and means. to create, for the needs of many households in Jowai.
Art and Craft on the theme of recycling waste material: First Prize: Tep Kyndait UPS, Tuberkmai Shnong, Second Prize: Sutnga Govt.
Nongpoh, June 25: The District School Education Officer, Ri Bhoi District today held a District Level Exhibition on the theme “Technology and Toys” held at the Ri-Bhoi Presbyterian Church. Higher Secondary School Nongpoh.
Speaking on the occasion, Prestone said that in the past few years, the people of Ri-War area have faced many problems because as soon as they reached the higher classes, there was no school in the village. Their headquarters is at Pynursla and there they spend a lot of money on their parents from the rent and others.
According to information received, many parents of schools have already purchased the textbooks after the resolution because they did not know in advance the intention of the MBOSE to change the textbooks.
The film is about a story of love and marriage.
The office of the Shillong Municipal Board has been moved to the houses built to accommodate the residents of Themetor and now the office of the SMB has been relocated. from this bag.
Then even the beautiful living creatures are completely extinct, because they cannot be burned by fire and smoke.
On the other hand, these Sordars also requested the Government to take action and look into the problems of this village.
The Tyrsad Area Sports Association was established in 2007 and has been recognized by the Meghalaya Football Association in 2012. It has been able to hold these tournaments without interruption until now.
In another incident on 29th November, Minoti Das lodged a complaint that on 28th November at about 9:30 pm, robbers broke into her house in Dobasipara, Tura and stole The value of the goods is about T.2.6 lakh.
He passed the Meghalaya Civil Service (MCS) in 2010 and has been appointed as the BDO of Chokpot for three years.
The death toll from the earthquake that struck Turkey and Syria on Saturday morning has risen to 100,0 it has reached more than 50,000 people.
He urged the Rangbah Shnongs or any companies that come to work within the Hima boundary to consult or inform the Hima.
Three others who accompanied the Dolloi from Bataw and Lama survived the incident.
The East Khasi Hills District Yogasana Sports Association (EKHDYSA) will hold the 3rd District Level Yogasana Sports Championship 2023 on the 23rd of this month.
Factories in the state have not been able to grow due to the shortage of electricity.
The year 1966 will also be a memorable year for I (L) Prof.Martin N.Majaw who led the destruction of the camp of the 'Ki Thei awria' near Umsohsun Bridge which we used to call the UNO. The Dreamland Cinema Hall has been completed.
“The development of martial arts in the state has changed significantly and Judo is also one of the most developed sports in the state,” said Dr Jemino.
Perhaps he has heard or seen in the news, or perhaps he has experienced and experienced in his own life all kinds of evil, such as violence, bombings, land grabbing, violence of others, war between one nation and another, as well as country and country, and the genocide of nations, and so on.
“Especially Ranikor which still deserves to get jobs to promote economic development.
“Out of the 20,07,500 tablets, 61,000 tablets have been destroyed,” he said.
In her 28-page complaint, she alleged that on 10th and 11th March 2018, the Chief Justice, touched parts of her body, while she was in his office, which is located at the residence. She was dismissed dozens of times and on 21st November 2018, she was dismissed, and an investigation was launched against her.
“There is a desire of the Congress to promote the country,” said Biplab, who visited Meghalaya.
Khliehriat Lber 28 : The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, today announced that according to the Office Memorandum dated 18/10/2022, the fee for Aadhar registration is T 25 tyngka. The portal website myAadhaar (SSUP) has started from 15th October 2023 and will end on 15th October 2023, he said. On 14th July 2023, through this website, people can update or renew their necessary documents without having to spend any money. Identification Authority of India (UIDAI), to identify themselves and this will help to facilitate the public in any activities.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: The BJP Meghalaya has praised the decision taken by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi to curb stolen and counterfeit notes by removing T.1000 and T.500 notes. .
Therefore, they demanded that within 10 days, they should provide an explanation on this matter, otherwise they will not take other measures.
He contested the 2013 MLA election from Nongthymmai constituency from the BJP and received less than 3000 votes and came third.
Regarding the Block-1 area, he said that there is no doubt that if all the documents they have can be produced in the original, Block-1 will return to Meghalaya.
The CEM said that the KHADC will soon issue a notice to select which forests to take as forests to be managed or owned jointly between the District Council and the Hima as follows: in the forest of Mawpat in the kingdom of Mylliem.
In Zone 2, Williamnagar, South Garo Hills DCA and West Khasi Hills DCA ended in a draw, but South Garo Hills DCA scored a point after winning the match. at first.
“There is a difference between the KHADC and the GHADC in terms of the appointment of MDCs,” he said.
Shillong: The Youth Wing of the Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) has supported the political parties to oppose the Chief Minister of Meghalaya on the railway line. If the Inner Line Permit (ILP) has not been implemented in Meghalaya.
Daniel said that the incident at CMJ University has brought shame to Meghalaya which was once known as the educational institution of the North East.
Banteidor admitted that the National People's Party (NPP) had invited him to join the party but he said he had rejected their invitation.
As you know, a survey by the Government of India has found that uranium is abundant in West Khasi Hills District of Meghalaya.
“Now that the people know that the NPP will come to power, they want to win with me, in Khasi-Jaintia Hills we have decided to win, in Garo Hills we will win,” he said. state.
The relative who used to accompany him said that besides being blind, he lost his mother when he was young.
The DRMAP also urged the public to cooperate with the government and inform the government authorities if there is any suspicion of illness in order to prevent the spread of the disease.
Postecoglou's appointment is the first time an Australian coach has been brought in to manage the club in the Premier League.
Friendly Kongwang Sordar of Raid Mukertila, while talking to Rupang, said that the deterioration of the road has made it difficult even to walk from Umsyiem to Dawki.
Therefore, she urged the farmers that if there are any farmers who have not yet done this 'PM Kisan' to come to the office of the District Agriculture Office, South West Khasi Hills District for more information. much.
Philippians 4:6 If you say I have lost hope.
A team of three Navy personnel, an officer and two skilled swimmers and 21 personnel of Odisha Fire Service came to inspect the site on Saturday and the two teams “We have directed and told them all the measures we have taken since the beginning of our operation,” said Santosh Kumar Singh, Assistant Commandant, Battalion of the NDRF. Singh told reporters.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government will look for other ways, according to the rules of the education department to assist the contract teachers, but to re-employ them will be unable.
The MSGEF has announced that the final match between PHE and Police will be played on the 15th of this month at 12:30 pm.
“The Prime Minister has sought the opinion of the people on the need for the Act, whereby Naga women will lose their citizenship if they marry non-Naga women. Dragon.
At the same time, the director released a short film at the Venice Film Festival in 1965 entitled Philippe Pétain: Process a Vichy.
Sreenidi had a slight advantage due to the physical strength and physical fitness compared to the Khasi players but due to the opportunity to play at home, Lajong managed to score the two goals.
of Agriculture.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Spiton said, “The Khasi people have their own day of the beginning of the year like other people and to celebrate it separately is necessary to know the heritage of the ancestors”.
The meeting will discuss the issues that need to be addressed within the party, the statement said.
At the time of writing, police are conducting a thorough search operation to arrest Ramesh Dkhar and convicted prisoner Rikmenlang Lamare.
A company from Mumbai has arranged to organize a walk to Shnongrim village in East Jaintia Hills District at a cost of T.35,000 per person.
“I don't know, I met him (Myntri Rangbah) yesterday and we had a cabinet meeting, but he hasn't said anything,” she said.
Shillong, Jymmang 25 : According to the first report submitted by retired Justice BP Katakey, the state government has failed to implement the orders of the Supreme Court (SC) and the National Green Tribunal. NGT) in connection with the illegal mining and trade of coal in Meghalaya.
The police have arrested these two KSU members to investigate the incident which happened in Ichamati area where two foreigners were killed on 27th October.
During the visit, Kong Lyngdoh also talked to patients suffering from cancer.
Therefore, the brain of KHADC does not stand firm in front of the Bengali Dkhars “Khaitpohjar” and there are thousands of people who throw sticks at our leaders to stay calm.
“Meena, who died after sustaining serious injuries, received about 100 units of blood,” said Dr MC Mishra of AIIMS Trauma Centre.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has demanded that the State Government should immediately withdraw the letter issued by the Officer of the Social Welfare Department, which violates the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act. , 1997.
In connection with this incident, police have conducted an investigation to find out whether it was the fault of the mother or the driver of the local taxi. the edge of the road.
“On the 30th of November you elected me as the Rangbah Shnong but I alone cannot do anything without the cooperation of the elders, youth and parents to run the village,” he said.
Shillong: The War Jaintia Students' Union (USU) Amlarem in a statement on Tuesday expressed its gratitude and congratulations to the MLA of Amlarem Constituency 7, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui who is also the Chief Advisor to the State Government. on his attention to the demands of the party for the development of the area and to bring about economic development.
The club have relied on Postecoglou to revive the North London club and win the title.
Banshailang Kurbah scored the first goal for Mawreng SC in the 50th minute of the second half.
However, if there are no critics, the people will not understand the meaning behind the tablet distribution because it has cost billions of public money.
In terms of the number of voters in the constituencies, there are significant differences between one constituency and another.
The Mawsynram Dorbar Shnong yesterday expressed its opposition to the proposal of the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram to hold a religious service and to erect signboards at the site.
The Duleep Trophy is a first-class knockout tournament played in zone groups.
“We will consider the matter so that we can take the right decision,” Conrad said in the Legislative Assembly.
Shillong: Nine people have died of covid-19 in Shillong on Tuesday. Bomi Dkhar, 67, of Thangskai Hospital, Shillong, died on 17-06-2 Baskhemlang Makdoh, 35, of Quinine was taken to Dr.H.G.Roberts Hospital on 17-06-2 Derison M Sangma, 54, of DakkopgreSumar, Tura Civil Hospital, died on 18-06-2021Cause of death: Covid-19 Positive with co-morbiditiesSrelina Kharbani, Thrian Lyngdoh Nonglait, 86, of Mawlai, was admitted to Dr.HG Roberts Hospital, Nongstoin on 07-06-2 06-06-2021Death on 17-06-2021Tredsidian Sohtun, 67, of Mawlai Kynton, died on 14-6-2021Died on 18-6-2 Covid-19 Pneumonia with co-morbiditiesU Tusin Ch.
When asked about the tourism industry this year, which is called the toilet season because it is the time of the rainy season, whether it is a family member or a friend, they said that even if it is and they didn't know that there were no people to visit them.
He also expressed the hope that the school which was inaugurated on this day will help to improve the quality of education at the school for the benefit of the teachers and students as well.
In an order issued by the Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan on 31st June, 2015, it said that according to the reply sent by the Election Commission on 16th June, 2016, it has shown the reasons. Pynshngain N Syiem, MLA, cannot claim to hold a beneficial office within the Government under Article 191 (1) (a) of the Constitution and Pynshngain N Syiem, CEM. he did not fall under the provisions of article 191 (1) (a).
The shopkeepers who have been selling shops for many years in this area said that only because of the shrah of the contractor who is doing the work , they have lost their goods because the people do not want to turn to their shops for they were afraid that they might die.
Speaking to media, Kong Kharshiing said, “We have seen from time to time that because of the construction of the road, they have destroyed our environment and endangered the environment. The lives of people who have to pass through this place to Pynursla, Dawki and so on”.
Lajong have won only once against Aizawl in Shillong.
Besides many other demands , the union has put forward the demands of the Dy CM through the President Commander Shangpliang and the General Secretary , the demand for more funds for the agriculture department who die.
The soskular, which has been signed, also includes the benefits that the company will provide to the residents of the area, from the provision of electricity, employment to others. residents can work as contractors, and other jobs within the offices.
The report was sent last month before the Supreme Court hears the coal issue in the state on the 15th of this month.
He has presented National Awards to individuals, institutions, groups and the state/district and others for their achievements and work done towards the empowerment of people with disabilities in that members.
The Asst.DOPs include W.Laithma, Wanstar Thabah.
On my part, I have had the opportunity to meet and inform the Executive Engineer (EE) as well as the SDO in charge of the area through the Public Health Engineering (PHE) Department of the State Government. and the problem faced by the residents especially in relation to the current Tlang season which can affect the poor families.
The race for the elite team and the Meghalaya runners including men and women will start from Mawkdok to Nongsawlia.
He said that the figure showing that there are about 2.5 lakh drug addicts was shown three years ago.
The match on 9.10.2023 will be between Luti Tuber SW and Moosalyngkat at 2 pm.
“The ADM has also urged the people not only to wait for government jobs, but also to try to stand on their own feet,” said Borbanjop.
Therefore, the government should take action to put teachers first not only those who work in the Secretariat or government offices but teachers are the foundation of the future of the state.
Those that can only be found in this beloved mountainous country.
We are not politicians but we demand that you should name Maieid Hopingstone (Bam kwai ha dwar U Blei) as one of the heroes who has worked hard in the state.
Because according to their information, more cows are sold illegally to Bangladesh than here in the country.
In the middle of this house I plant the jhur that I get from the villages where we work and the wild jhur that I get from the house.
She also informed that the Ministry has now encouraged the production of food products whether it is from soh or jhur ki jhep.
This can be witnessed especially in the evening, when the Bus Saw vehicles run like mattah to fill the vehicles without knowing that the road is in the middle of traffic jam.
Police admitted that their raid has prompted many of the militants to come forward and surrender before the police.
“Use your talents properly which God has given you,” said the president of RMDC. , has increased significantly especially in the field of music which can be said to be equal to others.
I don't know if it's my son or someone else because many of us from the state have gone to study abroad.
The PDS was first used during the Second World War as a means of providing food and beverages to avoid food shortages.
Shillong, Iaiong 6: The clash between the two sides in the Raid Tynring, has not ended yet, one of them is against the Sordar of Shnat Raid Tynring who has been suspended from the Shnat Raid Tynring. The KHADC, on the other hand, has been appointed by the Sordar, Bah CA Diengdoh.
However, Bah Rowel said that the party will punish him if he fights against the decision of the government and the party.
That teaching may have shaped their thinking and at the same time, encouraged them to enter politics.
“To confirm that the cows have contracted the disease, we have to send the samples to Bhopal and we receive the report after 10 days,” he said.
Congratulating the CEM for bringing this important resolution, the Leader of the Northern Party, Bah Titosstarwel Chyne, criticized the CEM for saying only a few things to clarify inside the House. of this resolution.
WHAT WILL YOU GIVE ME? I hope you will benefit from these short articles on Good Friday.
In this incident, up to 54 houses were affected by the storm, which destroyed and destroyed houses and crops.
“As the party, we make it clear that the political parties should not play with the life and death of the students and should not play with the job recruitment,” said Bah Kharbani. .
It is reported that rain has been falling since Saturday night with strong winds and continued to fall until Sunday across the country.
When asked whether the PDF will field candidates in all 60 constituencies, he said it remains to be seen.
When Bhalang went to submit his application form, the employees were surprised to see that he had received the merit and immediately surprised how he came to class there and did not go to the best colleges in the city.
A team of BSF troops conducted a thorough inspection and found 52 gold bars weighing 6,950 grams in an empty pipe placed near the petrol station.
Because there are tens of billions of churches in the world.
The court said shops and vehicles did not leave during the curfew even after the government promised to provide adequate security.
Nine children from a family in Chhatarpur have been admitted to hospital after suddenly falling ill.
Beandahun Ryntathiang of Carmel School, Sadew won the Best Goalkeeper, while the Best Discipline Team of the Above-16 (Boys) was won by RMSA Secondary School, 12 Mer Mylliem, in the Under-1 Boys) was won by Umthli Secondary School, Umthli and Carmel School Sadew won the Best Discipline Team for Women.
The value of parents and the value of mother and father is still strong.
Speaking on the talents, Renikton encouraged the players who have the talents that God has given them not to do anything but to to use it properly so that it will benefit them in their lives.
The best player was won by Baniakyrshan Rymbai of Ladrymbai Dongwah SC. The chief guest on the occasion was Mehiwot Shadap, a leader of the area in the presence of member leaders of EJDSA and village leaders of these two teams.
The Secretary Transport Department may also seek the assistance of IIM Shillong to prepare a policy statement on this issue.
They also said that the reason for the shortage of cows may be due to the smuggling to Bangladesh.
Youths of Niamtre from 18 different Seinraijs have come to take part in the 1st Kiang Nangbah Youth Conference organized by the KKC, Seinraij Jowai. Cultural Society Management.
It is learned that Bah Adelbert has been trying to consult with the leaders of the HSPDP, VPP and even the Congress in the past few days before taking a decision but where he will join is not yet known. .
Now the athletes are looking forward to winning gold medals and also to prepare for the Olympic qualifiers.
“Until now, I am the only candidate who has applied for a ticket from the BJP, we don't know and we don't know who this person is,” said Dip.
“Now the KHADC is ruled by private individuals, not political parties, not recognized,” said the General Secretary of the UDP. “We have received a good answer from many MDCs who have expressed their support to lead the UDP but we cannot express it yet because of the political situation, there can be a change even in a moment,” he said. .
On the part of the MLFOA and the Dorbar Ki Khlieh Nongsynshar, it was expressed the need for the State Government and District Councils including the landowners, the Chiefs to have an Act recognizing the rules of holding. land within the State of Meghalaya from sacred land, kur land, private land, village land and others.
They also discussed the need for a strong Volleyball Association in the state as it appears that there are many participants in this sport.
The seized drugs include 6.1953 kilograms of Heroin, 1148.98 kilograms of Ganja, 10.16 kilograms of Crystal Meth, 10,000 pills of Yaba and 20,000 bottles of Phensedyl.
The VPP is the only true party in the state that will bring about a clean and clean governance.
Even after sending a letter to the DC of EJHD to demand that the NHAI should start repairs within 7 days from the date of submission of the memorandum, no sign has been received.
Amit Nag (39') and Pritam Limbu (53') scored for Chhattisgarh while Elangbam Tondon Meitei (72') and Shreyas Ketkar (75') scored for Karnataka.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The hall of the BJP meeting in Mairang today was packed with people who attended the meeting and the BJP has registered about 2000 members. They were led by a senior leader of the HSPDP, Bah CS Wahlang who is also the MDC candidate of the HSPDP in .
The BDO of Thadlaskein Block, B Blah, was the chief guest in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong of Ialong including the Rangbah Shnong of Ialong. Shylla and Elnathan Pale.
In the past few days, one of the elders said that there is a woman who has a household and her father also has it and every day she goes to work for 400 tyngka but she doesn't give it. money at home because all the wages he earns are spent only on going to the fields so after the mother could not stand it anymore she threw him away and now she has to take care of her children.
It is worth mentioning that the adhoc teachers under FASTOM have stopped their strike after the government accepted their demand. They demanded T.18000 salary increase for all teachers, while the government has given only T.9000 for secondary teachers and T.6000 for primary teachers.
Shillong, Nailar 29 : The Chairman of the Regional Committee of West Jaintia Hills and Symbud Chief Minister, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar on Tuesday said that Lapangap village does not fall within the border area with Assam.
Isaiah 59:2.
“These 198 posts are only within Shillong Campus and there is a shortage of teachers in all departments,” he said. beat.
Along with the policies to employ the youth, it is also necessary for the government to create assistance opportunities for the youth through various government schemes, especially for those youth who do not need employment. it is an opportunity for them to stand on their own feet.
Shillong: U Bah WHD Syngkon, better known as Bah Humphrey, passed away today.
We have been shocked to see the mismanagement of the District Council in the past years, especially in the past 20 years.
In 2020-'21, Kutch had 132 primary schools followed by Surat with
In the quarter final, Mohun Bagan beat Mumbai City FC 3-1
MUPSTA is pleased to receive this proposal from the government and all the requirements have been sent to the relevant department, said Bah BK Samiam, Publicity Secretary MUPSTA, East Khasi Hills.
The fourth match of the Eastern West Khasi Hills District Fan Club Football Tournament was played between Mairang United and Mairang Cules. Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
MEETING in English means a meeting, or assembly, or a kind of council.
The Deputy Chairman includes Dr. Manas Das Gupta, Polycarp K. Marak, Grithalson Arengh and Dr. Eureka Lyngdoh.
Therefore, thanks to the skills of Bah PN Syiem, former CEM of KHADC and the support of the Union, KHADC has filed a complaint with the Supreme Court of India and the Supreme Court in 2016 has issued an interim order and work will resume as usual (especially for those who have not yet had an act or rule).
Politics should not create hatred between brothers and sisters especially between true friends because the “PARTY” or “KA SENG” is the only clothes that we can exchange for another. At any time, he felt that he was no longer able to wear it.
These items were seized from the village of Phoudel Keirambi.
Salseng C Marak, former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has expressed his distrust of Luizinho Faleiro, General Secretary of the Congress. this state, because it is suspected that your tarajur has been destroyed.
“Similarly, the cost of the three phase smart meter will be T.11,238 including all the costs of installing the meter,” he said.
The meeting made it clear that the Government of India cannot legislate on matters relating to revenue collection, marijuana, border, mineral resources and land in the Khasi Hills.
He said that the price of synsar has dropped sharply and also kwai, tympew and other agricultural products in War Jaintia 80 out of 100 people live by working hard by cultivating synsar in War Jaintia. forests as well as kwai, tympew and other agricultural products which benefit the farmers in the area.
New Zealand Cricket (NZC) has announced the names of the 13 players who will fall under the captaincy of Tim Southee as captain of the team. The matches will be held from the 9th of October.
The prizes were awarded by Rangbah W.H.D.Syngkon, and 1000 tyngka was donated to the other teams.
On the 2nd, he caught the first 47 kilos and sold it for T.15,0
Diet :- The responsibility for our overall health depends on the food we eat.
Soft skills training for school children.
It is worth mentioning that in this book, “Ka Shnong Sakwang”, the author has brought and translated many heritage stories which will also be memorable and inform the present heritage to many people. events of the past.
When it was our turn to sing that song at that time, we went up to the stage.
The scheme will be implemented through the Rural Electrification Corporation of the Union Government. 90% of the funds will come from the Central Government and 10% from the State Government. this government will have to educate and enlighten the people.
The land is cultivated and the price is very low, making it difficult for them to produce.
This was announced by Frwelson Marpna, General Secretary of the party in a statement issued by James MA Neng.
Nongpoh: A truck (AS-01-DD-1381) has collided with a shop near the Shillong By-Pass road within the boundary of Umdohbyrthih village, Umroi.
Rymbai was awarded a penalty after a player missed the ball with his hand, and Heismiki Rymbai who took responsibility without hesitation scored the ball into the net in the ongoing match. 2 minutes.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, MLA of the constituency, who was also the chief guest, while Prof.RC Laloo was the chief guest. Salseng C Marak as the chief guest.
Silbi Passah will be the second resident of Riatsamthiah to be selected for the award. Earlier, Silverine Swer was the first resident of Riatsamthiah to receive the award. Khliehriat, July 27: Police of Ladrymbai Outpost, East Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday raided and seized the body of a man from a house. Police are conducting investigation into the incident.
Chaudhury demanded an inquiry into the incident and severe punishment for those involved in obstructing the celebration of the Republic and those who obstructed government employees from performing their duties. , in this step in Aizawl.
She also represented Meghalaya in the MTB Tawang National CFI Championship held in Tawang, where she won the gold medal.
Leaders of the VO including Ribhalang Wahlang, President and Bandaris Sawkmie explained the beginning of the party and its goals.
According to a survey conducted by the World Bank, a 1 percent increase in GDP is associated with a 1 percent increase in construction spending in many countries.
Shillong, Lber 06 : The Federation of Charismatic Churches, Meghalaya has invited the public to attend the Joy in the City service to be held at Malki Square from 07 – 10th of this month.
“There are also cases where bseiñ and long jakoid walk along the road and fall into the tits that grow in the forest.
Stalin and Industries Minister TRB Rajaa had a thorough discussion on investment in Tamil Nadu.
“The Constitution of India gives us the freedom to express our faith, eat as we please,” said Bah Sanbor. .25 000 thousand to the youth to open up to 50 shops selling meat.
He was arrested after police informed all the police departments of the states and Union Territories and was arrested from UP while police were conducting a vehicle search on the highway. state.
This is the tort of those who were present on that day and not all the workers.
Surprisingly, even the Master Plan of the new Umtru project has to be prepared by foreign experts.
In the Three Autonomous District Councils of the Sixth Schedule, it was felt that there should be a thorough review of these.
The work order handed over by the CEM JHADC is T.5 lakh from his MDC scheme and T.10 lakh from the council's plan.
MJ Marngar said that up to 40 people have been investigated in the past six months.
Shillong, July 20: The United Democratic Party (UDP) may approach Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and President Pranab Mukherjee on the resignation of Chief Minister Mukul Sangma and the ANVC. (B).
Dr Abbas said there were about 15, 20 people with these types of injuries, who were shot with phosphorus.
When it comes to literature, reading as it is in the form we follow today, it has been inherited from us by the foreigners.
This comes after the shooting death of four residents of Mukroh village by the Assam Police and Forest Guard on 22nd November.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah T. Lyngwa has issued a public notice that anyone found spreading false news about the COVID-19 pandemic will be arrested and detained in prison for six years.
Besides, the students of the Seng Khasi College and teachers, stood on both sides of the Seng Khasi building and also on the hill, as a sign of respect to this Rangbah Leader.
Then, more and more shops, market places, and factories appeared, all of which required electricity for many kinds of purposes.
“In fact, I have spoken to the General Secretary in-charge Manas Ranjan Bhunia this morning to urge him for the meeting, and maybe he can come or I will have to go to Kolkata to take a decision. finally in this regard,” said Bah Pyngrope.
In the past, when there were meetings, they were held in the square, but now they are held only in the ground floor of people's homes.
It is also true that those people who live on the border do not want to join Assam, but because they have been left behind by the Meghalaya government, which has led them to accept anyone. Assam, because if they don't accept, they will face many problems especially in relation to the Syngkien roads.
Lanosha, as soon as she saw Kongthei Daplin, she was shocked but she welcomed her friend. “Rung rung Kongthei... We're drinking...” said Lanosha. more.
The opening ceremony was attended by Rangbah Shnong Cornelius Kharkongor, Rangbah Dong Phlas Kharumlong, UDP Mawlai Leaders, UDP Women Wing Leaders and others.
He said that about 1391 of these Home Guard volunteers are now involved in various government departments as well as in private sector and others.
At the meeting, the union also decided to write to the Controller of Examinations (COE), NEHU, to immediately remove the subjects according to the NEP for the 1st Semester from the preparation/preparation of questions. At the same time, the meeting requested the Meghalaya College Teachers' Association (MCTA) not to take part in the UG examination. “It was also decided that if some non-NEHUTA members wish to proceed with the preparation according to the NEP, the members of NEHUTA should leave the meeting as a sign of their protest," the leaders said.
These include 5 gold, 8 silver and 6 bronze medals.
He said that the Council also has its own revenue through various revenues of the Council and also through the revenues allocated by the Government to the Council.
He said the party will remove the resignations of the Arunachal Pradesh Public Service Commission (APPSC) within six months and suspend the Arunachal Pradesh State Service Selection Board to terminate the posts. corruption.
He also urged the school children especially those who are the future of the community to get closer to nature so that they can better understand its value.
Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya, was the Chief Guest. he was the Chief Secretary.
However, we must not forget the power that he has given us.
Such a thought came to mind in the speech of Prime Minister Narendra Modi in 2015, which is the birth anniversary of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, on 31st March.
Similar projects have also been inaugurated in three other neighboring states in the North East (Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Mizoram, Nagaland and Sikkim).
“Why does the government treat them differently?” he asked.
Why our children fail in Mathematics, Science and English is because the teachers of these subjects go to teach without understanding even themselves.
The meeting was attended by Minister of State Ma Kyrmen Shylla, Mawphlang MLA Eugeneson Lyngdoh, Banjop Pyngrope MDC Rymbrai Jyrngam Constituency, leaders of various groups. various political parties and others.
The Governor also spoke on the implementation of the Meghalaya Livelihoods and Access to Marker Project through the Women Economic Empowerment Scheme which has provided assistance to 39,000 women in the state at a cost of Tk. .85 crore.
The CEM expressed his surprise that the MBoSE has taken this decision without consulting the people because it affects the community.
Shillong, March 14: The Border Security Force (BSF) on Thursday foiled an attempt by robbers to smuggle 56 cows from the border of Meghalaya within 48 hours. went away.
“We have already appointed the Board of Governors.
The university has also launched four postgraduate courses including: Master of Arts in English, Political Science, Sociology, Commerce and Master of Computer Applications.
Sounder said that as the people have decided to contest from the TMC, therefore, the victory in the struggle is not only his alone but the victory of the people. many challenges as followers they will face, but as they have decided to support him they must be followers who stand firm on their foundation of righteousness and truth.
You don't have faith.
Speaking to reporters, JA Lyngdoh said the program will start at 12 noon and there will be songs and speeches by BJP leaders. He arrived at the helicopter landing site at 7 mer Upper Shillong at 1 pm and is expected to arrive at Polo Ground (5th Ground) between 1 pm and 1:30 pm.
Expressing his satisfaction with the preparations for the elections, Rawat acknowledged that at this time the political parties have expressed confidence in the use of EVMs and VVPATs. all EVMs and VVPATs will be used in all 3083 polling stations in 60 constituencies.
“There have been many comments in the media as to why the government is selecting people from political parties, this is a matter that has been discussed a lot and now the intention of the Government is to appoint a person who has no political affiliation, who can work and who understands the plight of women,” said Bah Paul.
The title of Best Performing VO was awarded to Synroplang while Banri Papiah, Sngewbhalang SHG of Thadmuthlong was awarded the title of Best Performing FLC.
From what these Longkmie said, they said that the reason why they hold such an annual meeting is to showcase the traditional items of the past. made by the people in the group.
If the dismissal is untimely, it should be verified or it should go through a Departmental Inquiry,” she said.
The Court also directed that more vehicles should be parked and vehicles checked.
Besides, awards will also be distributed to the schools which pass in the Top 10 of SSLC and Top 20 of HSSLC”.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Lyngkhoi said that according to his thorough research through historical writings and also from the legends of the Khasi Khara people, the Khasi Khara people have been living since ancient times. I'm not sure what to do.
Therefore, the coming of the New Year is an opportunity for many of our fellow human beings whom we have heard about the New Year Resolutions of many.
There are 4,558 confirmed cases and 819 deaths.
Non-tribal candidates include Monirul Islam of the Congress, Shaza Zaman, independent candidate Sofior Rahman and independent candidate from Balachanda constituency.
“We don't get ordered, we work in a free spirit and with understanding. If there is no food in the house, we shouldn't go anywhere but we should talk inside the house,” he said.
According to the JACATAM leaders, Irani promised to do something to improve education in the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: U MDC of Lyngkyrdem constituency, Bah Jansing Tynsong, today joined the National People's Party (NPP) at its office in Lachumiere.
St. Peters HSS (WKH) beat Bamil LP School Mansang (EGH) 1-1 in the first leg of the tournament.
Nongpoh: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri-Bhoi District today lodged a complaint at the Nongpoh Police Station against a foreigner from Assam, who bought a car and got the Meghalaya number plate. , using the documents of a Khasi woman from Iamkhon village in Ri-Bhoi District.
When we look closely for many years we have demanded our rights and we have waited from one year to another and it has taken many years but we see that those demands of ours They have not seen us as a nation because they have not yet succeeded.
M.Passah, Literacy Service Rtn.
Not only that, what is even more sad is that many of the farmers who own land, because they are poor and needy, sell their land to the rich and don't even have land to farm.
The refusal to receive the Holy Spirit:- This is found in the Gospel of Matthew 25:1-13 where Jesus taught us a parable about the forty Christians who were five wise and five. who is stupid.
The President of the Congress Wapungskur Unit, Darisha Ryngkhlem, said that the people should stand together against the increase in the price of LPG Gas and Diesel. children, she urged the government to raise prices and not just blame the war in other countries.
At the same time, they were accompanied by relatives and well-wishers.
Therefore, to say that the elections abroad will affect here is not appropriate,” said the Deputy Chief Minister.
“Under the rule of the BJP, crime and violence have increased and have deceived the people of Meghalaya and the North East,” he said.
Shillong: Police have arrested 58 foreigners from Khliehriat area at a check point at 12 mile Byrnihat in Ribhoi District this morning. , East Jaintia Hills, who intend to leave for Bihar.
The TMC in the state has put the nation first.
Some of the schemes include Water Resources schemes which are schemes to irrigate farmland and improve farmland or Minor Irrigation Projects.
They will seek out skilled entrepreneurs in rural areas in blocks and villages and train them in economic development, technology and implementation of technology.
On this occasion, the Minister of District Council Affairs (DCA) James K Sangma said that those tribes who have to be appointed or removed are from the unrepresented tribes.
The office of the SDO Sohra has announced that special escorts will be provided to the students who take the MBOSE examination. Shillong: Congress leader Dr Mukul Sangma has denied that the Congress has politicize the situation in the state.
Sai has been an MP for four terms and in 2014, he became the Chief Minister of Steel in the Narendra Modi government.
He has been doing this for the past four to five weeks, police said.
This shahdoh house will provide convenience to the shahdoh farmers as it will be equipped with modern equipment.
Of course, we understand that employers deserve benefits, because how can they work if they don’t.
This year, during the one-day celebration, training and awareness campaigns were held at Iewduh, Mawlynrei Trianshnong, Mawlong Umsawli, Rangmen and Mawphor Pongkung. The aim is to spread the message among the society about the dangers of forced labor among children which destroys their lives because they have been deprived of their childhood but they have been tortured. to the darkness by misusing them.
“A priest who takes the part of Christ must put his life in Jesus,” said Bishop Victor Lyngdoh.
?" asked the husband. "I don't know... But if I'm not mistaken, it's our place next to his mother," replied the husband. I just want to know if you have all the documents? Wanbok's father turned and asked again, “Yes, before my mother died, she gave me that land with the papers,” replied the husband. After that they went to sleep and Bah Shanbor was shocked when he knew all these things.
East Garo Hills has 2 high risk cases, Ribhoi District 2 cases, 1 high risk case and 1 ILI case, South West Garo Hills 2 cases, West Garo Hills 1 case and West Khasi Hills is one of the highest risk areas.
It also means that people living in urban and rural areas may differ slightly in terms of culture and customs.
TIPRA Motha Chief Leader Pradyot Debbarma on the 15th of this month vowed to intensify the protests against the demand for the use of Roman script for the Kokborok language.
After investigation, a charge sheet was filed against him on
Out of the 21,75,236 voters in 60 constituencies, 21,40,453 voters in 59 constituencies (excluding Sohiong constituency).
However, if the people want only one family to rule the constituency, that too does not matter.
Rangdajied United FC (18 points) will play against Malki SC (7 points).
The impact has been seen in terms of health, income and social change, as well as in gender equality which has led to improvements in lifestyle, opportunities income generation for women and the attendance of more girls in schools.
Lansing Kharumnuid scored for Laban in the 23rd minute, Kerionald Pyngrope in the 36th minute from the penalty spot while Nielson Bina scored for Nongrim Hills in the 63rd minute.
One of these schools is Mawdiangsnam Govt LP School in Langpih.
“We should not allow the CAB to become law and if the CAB becomes law I don't know whether we can liberate the state.
Forms and applications can be obtained from this office according to the stipulated time.
She said that when there are such games it will be one of the ways to get them a healthy body because when they are on the field they can move and strengthen their body.
It is also a matter of regret for the farmers who have to work hard in the spirit of responsibility for their families by farming, but there is a time when only in 10 minutes they grow crops. The farmers have been damaged by natural disasters such as storms, droughts and floods, but what is worrying the farmers is the government's promise to help them. government assistance.
Only in the Legislature members can discuss this issue, student body can intervene only student problems.
However, now that he has retired from the government, he has more time to serve the people especially the Sohra area.
He said that as an MLA, he has tried to work hard to deliver development works to all the villages in the Nongpoh Constituency and it is not an easy task to meet all the needs of the villages and the villages. and what is needed is to have the cooperation and understanding so that we can continue to work to improve the welfare, income and economic development of the people in the constituency as a whole, he added.
The Chief Secretary of the Meghalaya Government has been directed to investigate the incident through the Secretary to the State Government and to send the findings of the report to the commission.
The suspect was arrested by the police and taken to Nongpoh Police Station where he was charged under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act.
Referring to the RDA which includes the UDP and HSPDP, he said, “We have not said anything yet but we understand that the RDA will be abolished in due course and we will have to go our own way. you are on your way to the 2023 election"
Rapthap congratulated the officers under the leadership of ADM DM Wallang for their ability to conduct this programme.
During the inspection, the CEM along with the MLAs and MDCs witnessed with their own eyes the need for a Police Outpost in the area.
The President of the Laitlyngkot Taxi Drivers and Owners Association, Bah B Khongbuh and Bah M Rynjah, President of the Laitlyngkot Taxi Welfare Association, have strongly condemned the private vehicles which have taken advantage of the situation. They also protested against the Government to immediately reduce the price of petrol and diesel.
In the women's U-17 category, East Khasi Hills beat West Khasi Hills 2-0
It is also the duty of the Police Department to enforce laws to curb the public use of tobacco, in order to protect the lives of minors," he said.
Delhi government ministers from the AAP party are not allowed to stay in government houses and install light saws.
It is to be recalled that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has recently issued an order that from 25th July 2020, flights can start operating in compliance with the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
The festival was held in the past with the aim of promoting the hidden gems in the state, which fill the thiar of Lariti and should promote local entrepreneurs. Winter Tales - related to handicrafts, clothing, music, traditional food, literature and many other skills that can be found only at such festivals of Winter Tales! He said that this program is different, he said, and there is a commitment to ensure that the shops and participants are those who showcase the traditional arts and culture of the state.
The arrested suspect was identified as Lalbiakdik Vaiphei, 39, resident of Madanrting, East Khasi Hills, Shillong.
The funeral service will be held on 8.9.19 at the Malki Catholic Church at 2 pm.
However, according to information, there has been a confusion among the party leaders, who will be appointed President because at this time, there are many who want to take over the post of President if the opportunity arises.
Until today, there have been signboards by the Forest Department of Manipur prohibiting and warning the Khasi landowners to cultivate and plant in the area. Bengalis and Meitei have taken advantage of the Khasi land.
Acts 1:8
"He said that if some of them have left, but others come to join, this will continue and this is not a big issue.
After the Block Level, the District Level Tournament and the State Level Tournament will start which are scheduled to be held in June and July this year.
A total of 814 new cases of Covid-19 have been confirmed in Assam today, bringing the total number of cases to 13,3
Obil Kyndait has contested the elections to the Legislative Assembly since 1978 and defeated (L) Nihon Ksih in 1983, 1998, 2003, 2008 and In JHADC he has served the district for five consecutive terms as an MDC where he has held the post of CEM many times, Dy.CEM and Chairman and others. post in the District Council.
They are like mothers and fathers and the people are like children.
“I understand that his intention is only to do politics, but his politics will end only after the elections, because we have to think for the good of the country and the nation,” he added. Mr. Tynsong said.
"U Animesh Jain, Chief Delivery Officer – India & Americas, [24]7.
There are 143 cases in Dhaka and 27 cases in other parts of the country, working in government and private hospitals.
He said that the party will not give up even if they face many criticisms, but to survive the future, the party will stand on the same basis and that is to continue to oppose the Railway Line, in any case, we will discuss the Railway Line again until the ILP and other laws are implemented to protect the jaidbynriew.
The incident happened on Saturday at Umrnong village at 2 pm when the house belonging to Melina Shadap and Boniphas Nongrum who also have five minor children. no one was injured in the incident.
The Dorbar Shnong Mihmyntdu has directed all foreigners to inform the Dorbar Shnong before entering the village.
He said that from his ability to participate in charity and relief activities he was able to establish the “Art of Giving” on 17th June, 2013 and since that year the AOG has become become one of the NGOs that works for the welfare of every member of the community – by raising public awareness on the need for mutual care and supervision among community members for to spread happiness and peace in the world.
At the top, there is the Central Executive Council, the highest executive body, followed by the General Executive Council and the General Council at the bottom.
“Meghalaya is moving forward with its culture.
On the other hand, Bah Khongsit, speaking on the government's introduction of the Meghalaya Gaming Act, said that the demand to repeal is the demand of the people of the state.
The CoRP has immediately suspended the construction of the auditorium and the contractor D Basu from Guwahati, Assam and his contractors have been asked to return to their village in case of any incident.
When I was an MLA I received a salary from the government but when I am no longer an MLA I work voluntarily for a long time.
The tournament was funded by the State Government under the Chief Minister Youth Development Scheme 2022-23 under the auspices of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District.
MEPAD congratulates Banjoplang on this achievement and wishes him continued success.
Dhaka newspapers reported that the protesters demanded that the Bangladesh government should cancel the visit of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi to Dhaka on 17th October Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, Father of Bangladesh, celebrates his birthday.
Therefore, the Muktiar requested the court to issue an order to issue the certificate so that the resident can take part in the teacher recruitment and the deadline for submission of documents is 31st. April 1, 2023.
“The amendment aims to introduce stricter and stricter rules to prevent the entry of foreigners,” he said.
"Also in the morning, Modi sent Easter greetings to all Christians on Twitter by saying, “Happy Easter to all! May this day be especially that we celebrate Easter will deepen the spirit of peace and happiness in society.
The Sub-Junior Football Tournament 2023 will be held at the District Sports Office (WKHD), Nongstoin. 14 years) and Juniors (Boys and Girls under 17 years) from 26th July,
Speaking to reporters, HYC President Roykupar Synrem said the HYC is ready to participate in the police's call for investigation.
He said that in the next 3-4 years, the government will provide assistance to more than 20,000 people who want to set up their own businesses in the state.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday, said that one person has died in Shillong on Tuesday, bringing the total number of cases to 89 and 57 recoveries.
Jowai: The MMT Mobile Medical Team, which consists of a doctor, a nurse and an assistant along with a driver, has started operating in West Jaintia Hills for the purpose of monitoring. the health of the police who have to work day and night for the benefit of the people and the society.
“I am surprised to see that the construction of the railway station has gone so far, even though they have not received any NOC or permission from the KHADC, but the construction has gone slowly, in fact they have “I don't want to inform or ask questions to the KHADC,” said Bah Hadrian Lyngdoh.
The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday ordered the JHADC and Jowai Municipal Board to remove the garbage collected in Jowai.
As a director, Cavani has directed several films including The Night Porter (1974) starring Dirk Bogarde and Charlotte Rampling and The Berlin Affair (1985).
The Government of Manipur is proud of Mary for bringing honor to the state in front of the world and as a sign of honor, has appointed her as Sub-Inspector of Police in 2008.
In this incident, up to 13 houses were damaged by the throwing of stones from the doors and roofs of the houses.
He said that after the launch of the PM-DevINE scheme, projects for livelihoods in the North East have accelerated.
They should however be proud that they are the breadwinners in many households.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah LT Tariang, MCS, Additional Deputy Commissioner and Project Director, DRDA, South West Khasi Hills District, said that the distribution and handover of these tins will be of great help to all the people. It is hoped that from time to time, such distribution will bring many benefits to the villages and also that when they receive it, they should use it properly.
He said that it is the citizens of the state who are an important part of democracy and this strengthens the need for good governance when the decision of the majority is announced.
On this day, all teachers will be on mass casual leave.
“After being involved in corruption for three years, now that the elections are ahead, the BJP has brought up corruption and fraud committed by the MDA government. did nothing in the last five years when the state was looted by its allies? Where are the Central Investigative Agencies working well in the opposition states?” she asked the BJP. Elgiva also criticized the BJP for using tricks in the opposition states. last minute to mislead the people of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailur 22 : The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has sought clarification from the Home (Political) Ministry and the Law Ministry on the decision of some Some Districts have issued Provisional Residency Certificates to MBBS students of Open Category.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) South West Khasi Hills District, led by Pynskhem Kharjahrin, Education Secretary, together with several members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today met with the Education Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC). The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, Bah T Lyngwa, urged him to take measures to curb the spread of drugs in the area and the state as a whole.
“At present, there are many rivers like Umkhrah and Umshyrpi rivers but this step will not only help to maintain the cleanliness of the wells but also to maintain the cleanliness of the wells. water and the environment in general," he added.
It is a house built to worship God.
Number :- 6009594917.
Income has declined significantly and affected the people especially after the COVID-19 pandemic but there is no turning around and the people are living in difficulties besides various rules of the Government such as the ban on quarrying.
The continuation of the Urea Subsidy scheme will also increase the domestic production of urea so that we can meet our needs.
According to Minister Sohtun, this initiative is not to select anyone, but he said that everyone can participate in this ritual and record video of this culture of the Jaidbynriew.
At the meeting, the officers of the department also briefed the Minister on the progress of various programs of the department in recent years including the inclusion of the Outpatient Department in MHIS, the implementation of Meghalaya Health Systems Strengthening Project, Rescue Mission, and also the implementation of resources in the work of the department.
The Prime Minister expressed his agreement to pay the debts of the newspapers, to have an advertisement policy and at the same time to increase the assistance to journalists.
Father Ferdinand concluded his speech by saying that now that the Bible has been reprinted and received, it is now up to you dear children of the Church to purchase this Bible so that you can read and study the Word of God with love, devotion, and desire to learn and know about Jesus and the Word of God.
Nongstoin, July 6: The United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHP) under the leadership of President Bah Moonstar Nongrem, Bishar Thabah General Secretary and other members, including from Nongstoin Circle, today celebrated the 10th Anniversary of the Independence Day. mariang on the theme 'Only This One World'
Speaking to reporters, KSU Education Secretary Samla Franklin Syiemiong said that the KSU understands that Nongstoin College and the district as a whole have been discriminated against. The District has been receiving development projects in the past decades, and it cannot be said that the primary reason for the backwardness of the District is due to the government's negligence in those areas. for.
On the other hand, the Karbi also rejected this and thus the conflict continued.
Nongstoin, 15 Naitung:The distributors of rice in Nongstoin area, in a meeting with reporters today, expressed their concern regarding the inability of the government to provide the payment to them, for the transportation fee to carry the goods from the FCI into the Centres.
Police have rushed to the scene after receiving a tip that one of the occupants of the truck, Bah Bansiew Khongklian, from Phlangshlain, has been arrested. light im to climb up the road.
A glass of milk and a little shynrai before going to bed is good for health and good sleep.
At that time, the state government did not do anything to protect the coal miners or to order the coal mine owners to be vigilant or to take good care of the crematoria and the workers as well.
On the same day, a pistol, 11 rounds of 5.56 mm ammunition and about 30 rounds of 303 rifle were seized from Kisni village in Kamdara area of ​​Gumla district.
Climate change is another threat – climate change, changing migration patterns of these birds and disruptions in food availability affect the persistence of many species.
The MLA of Sutnga Saipung Constituency, Santa Mary Shylla, thanked the Prime Minister, Conrad Sang for bringing this opportunity to mine coal again in the state. This is through his hard work in his struggle with the central government until he has achieved it.
He said that the government's action has affected them so much that they have had to send a letter to the government to remind them that if it cannot implement the price it has already revised, You shall not use the old price but you shall not pay the bill.
The curfew was imposed due to the need to search for those infected with corona virus by entering from one house to another and therefore, those who live in these areas, should stay at home. to complete the thorough testing.
Hills United Cricket Club scored 135 runs for the loss of all wickets in 19 overs.
Nagaland authorities on the 18th of this month said that 43 residents of Pongching area, Longleng district have fallen ill after eating suspected fish. don't poison.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 91387 and out of these 87626 have recovered and 1529 have died.
The candidates who have been elected as MLAs are Dr Celestine Lyngdoh (Umsning), J Antonius Lyngdoh (North Shillong), Deborah Marak (Williamnagar), Billykid A Sangma (North Tura), Edmund S Sangma (Rangsakona), Sayeedullah Nongrum (Mahendraganj), Rophul S Marak (Rongara-Siju) and Brigade Napak Marak (Bajengdoba).
He said that more than 100 teachers have been dismissed, but after filing a complaint, some of them have been reinstated.
In the month of October, instead of the lyer, we experience heavy rainfall, which falls three times a day.
In these seven years, the State Government has not taken into account the lives of the farmers.
On the other hand, the KHNAM, which has been demanding the abolition of the personal interview for Grade-IV appointments, has praised and expressed its gratitude to the MLA, Bah Nujorki Sungoh. “The party has sent a clear and legal letter to the CM demanding the abolition of personal interview in Grade IV government posts. grades B, C and D of government jobs, and we have also explained that even the Government of India and 23 States and 8 UTs in India have already abolished the personal interview, but until now the “The government is listening,” said KHNAM Working President Thomas Passah in a statement.
Because if we really want a clean and transparent governance, for the development of the nation with freedom, the people must become wise and warn the selfish.
On the other hand, the President of the KJBA, Bah G Warlarpih, when asked about the increase in the price of beef, said that the decision to increase the price of beef is due to the lack of beef. seven
They took this decision after a two-day sit-in at the Additional Secretariat which ended today, to demand that the government (MeCEL) should issue the appointment letter. long after they have passed the examination conducted by this department since
He added that the Hima does not approve of the construction of the road in Assam as it is a scheme from Assam and should be stopped immediately and the Hima has decided to lodge a complaint against the illegal construction. The road and who gave permission to carry out the work.
He said it was the TMC whose MPs had come out to demand the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Constitution of India.
"The annual Chad Sukra of Seinraij Jowai organized by the Arts & Culture Committee of Jowai was very successful in which the children of Niamtre with their traditional costumes and traditional costumes. They came out to participate in the traditional songs related to the agricultural season and religious customs.
I am happy that four members of his family did not vote for him, but for others.
“It is surprising to see that although there have been allegations against the Vice Chancellor of NEHU from the teachers and students regarding the misuse of funds, this person has still been able to “I am the VC of this university,” said Bah Adelbert in a letter sent to the CM. He said that in the past, the VC has appointed Prof. by the Director of Indian Council of Social Sciences Research (ICSSR).
Shillong: Mawphlang MLA SK Sunn has sent a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma regarding the suspension of the water supply scheme in Shillong while the same scheme has been implemented in Ampati.
The MSCW strongly condemns this with a sense of responsibility and mental illness that is against human nature.
At the same time, the winners will be awarded on the 21st.
We see clearly that the distribution of employment is biased towards another ethnic group.
Shortly after, reporters spoke to the Ministers of the Hima Mylliem at the same place where Minister MB Kharlukhi said that in the rules of the Hima Mylliem there is no rule that no one is allowed to hold a He said that the Hima has not yet received any complaint regarding the market but only today.
NATO chief Jens Stoltenberg said the Russian president is preparing to launch another massive attack on Ukraine at an unknown time.
The new leaders of the RBYF 3 Village Units for the term 2024-27 include Badonbok Lyngdoh, Vice President, Wickham Marwein General Secretary and others.
Shillong: The Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Dr. Mukul Sangma, will write a letter to the Prime Minister of Meghalaya regarding the implementation of the Smart Meter Project in Meghalaya. Narendra Modi has not demanded a free investigation.
According to him, the factory has earned about T.1,600 crore last year.
Sangbad Lahari was also the first Bengali newspaper in Meghalaya.
I don't want my people to make decisions that will affect them in the future or that they will fail later.
In this attempt, there is a part that has been complained and expressed by many in the society about the status of the Khasi language.
Sunita Warjri is currently an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer Science Engineering, GITAM, Bangalore.
In another development, Bah Garod LSN Dykes, announced that according to the Notification No.33/2012/520, dated 19.09.2023 received from the Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Shillong, All permits issued by the District Council, Shillong regarding the holding of any fishing competitions in West Khasi Hills District have been revoked.
However, at present, the government wants to clarify that it has no intention of opening or allowing a casino in the state,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
Shillong, November 01: NESFAS and the Institute of Hotel Management, Shillong will conduct a meat slaughter training as part of the International Terra Madre (ITM) to train meat slaughterers in the state.
The soil of this area is fertile and fertile but the agricultural products cannot be marketed properly due to the lack of roads.
MDCs who participated in the meeting were Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, Bah Jambor War, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor who said that in Madanrting and Lapalang villages, people from Manipur come every day and stay in the middle of the night. He said that the problem for the Rangbah Shnongs is that if they find them, where will they hand them over?
“We will not allow the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram to take such a decision because it is surprising that other branches of the Seng Khasi from different villages of the Hima Mawsynram have also refused to recognize the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram.
In his speech, the Union Minister in charge of Information and Broadcasting, Anurag Singh Thakur spoke on five key issues that are essential in the discussion on Government affairs.
The latter is a popular dish among Italians and other Westerners.
Sniawbhalang Dhar, who is also the MLA of Nartiang, acknowledged the lack of colleges in Jaintia Hills.
Pritam Singh was named Player of the Tournament in the 2nd Division with 168 runs and five wickets since the start of the tournament.
However, the strike will continue with the strike until tomorrow and if the talks are successful, they can stop the strike but if it is not successful, the strike will continue.
In the Eastern Hemisphere, you have to live like a brother.
Former players include Niwan of Gatphoh, Teibor Siangshai, Donbok Khamdeit and Ambrose Syngkli.
Therefore, as the Shongkha Shongman Khasi is unique, therefore, it is not permissible to marry others who are not from the same Hynniewtrep tribe, or foreigners who have the custom of taking jaid from the man or the Patrilineal System. , because this is not the way of census of the Khasi Hynniewtrep and it destroys the culture of Hynniewtrep.
Khliehriat, Nailar 05: Due to heavy rainfall, dust and stones have fallen again on the road near the tunnel at Sonapyrdi and this happened last night at about 10 pm and the road has been closed. to clean up until this morning at about 8 pm, due to this landslide, there has been a traffic jam for many hours in which passengers have been stuck in the traffic jam in the area all night. .
All the relatives of the Kur from all over the Hima Khadsawphra and outside the Hima are requested to attend.
We used to say ka puh ka dain, this is a little easier to understand.
The Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA 2020) is the Act introduced by the Government of India in relation to the environment, and the new draft of the Act will remove those approvals such as public hearings, public consultation especially to the land owners and also to the states, it means that they are using force and attacking what they want that is the intention of those people who brought and want to pass the EIA
Since last month, officers of East Jaintia Hills District have seized large quantities of illegally mined and hidden coal along the roads of Rymbai, Sutnga and others.
Regarding this, the owner of these houses, Kong Rophina Lyngdoh, has lodged a complaint against the robbers who were involved in the stone throwing.
They stir up the people from time to time to get big envelopes from the Garo leaders who hold and run the State Government as they please because they love their people.
As we can see now, it seems that the national parties have been severely affected after many of their MLAs have been dismissed or can be said to have left to support the larger parties.
He said that since the first case of Covid-19 was confirmed in the state, 181 people who were in close contact with the first case have followed the directions of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. They have been placed under home quarantine at their homes and the testing of them is done regularly. The test they conducted today showed that this person is positive.
He said that the second and third phases cannot be said whether the central government will continue to assist or not. He said that the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said that the Covid Vaccine will be available. could reach the state in the new year.
Shah said the coincidence of engagement and health is the coincidence of wealth and health.
This clause is 239 AA and the three Articles are 330A, 332A and 334 A. These Amendments will ensure that women will have 33% seats in the Lok Sabha and Legislative Assemblies. General Category and also in the SC and ST Quota.
When asked when the work will start to replace the bearings, Mondal said it will not be too late, but it cannot be done this year.
The India Meteorological Department has issued orders to many residents affected by the floods to evacuate as heavy rains are expected in many parts of the country. districts of the state.
Shillong, July 11 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday announced that the scientific mining of coal will start soon in Meghalaya.
The Rangbah Shnong of Dawki, Bah Mankhraw Rangsain, said that the BGB troops have built an outpost inside the area that still falls under the jurisdiction of Dawki. India and any part of Bangladesh.
She said that even now if the party wants, it can kidnap many politicians and politicians, but the Council stands on its own grounds, the statement said.
The incubator can hold up to 700 chickens.
Furthermore, when the Seng inquired about the charity organization used by the Dkhar, it was found that it was from Andhra Pradesh.
The truck (NL-01-AE-5591) was on its way to Guwahati when it collided with another vehicle. jam from side to side of the road and which turned into two shops along the road and damaged 4 Auto Rickshaws.
“The Founder President of the Khasi Jaintia Deficit School Teachers Association (KJDSTA), Babu Teibor Shanpru, is still alive. .
UDP Vice President Allantry F DKhar said the UDP welcomes the freight train to Byrnihat in Ri Bhoi but does not want the passenger train.
Besides, HK Marak said that until now there is no cure for this disease but they can only vaccinate the healthy cows to prevent the spread of the disease.
At the same time, he said that the Seng will distribute the 1st Maitshaphrang Award to the students who have passed the examinations on the 22nd November,
In another match of the day, Chilliangraij Sports Club vs NSA ended in a draw in which no goal was scored until the end. I don't have a point.
It may be recalled that MEPA has stopped writing to the Prime Minister since the State Budget Session held in October last year.
“Since 2013, they have tried many times to overthrow me and the government,” he said after the Cabinet meeting.
Sharma said that the government has not conducted an inspection to clear the land for the purpose of building a new village (New Shillong) on ​​the site. These are the things that have caused the loss of many land without proper planning, the mining of mineral resources has also brought about the danger because when the Natural disasters such as earthquake and rainfall these places are vulnerable and can collapse and can be lost at any time, the construction of various factories also causes many places to collapse The people have lost their land and it has led to the migration of the villagers to the urban areas as many have lost their land.
Speakers on the occasion included Justice of the High Court, HS Thangkhiew, CJM, CDkhar and those who attended the program included Justice W. Diengdoh, Law Secretary, CVD Diengdoh, Advocate General High Court, Amit Kumar, Register General, E.Kharumnuid, Deputy Commissioner East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, Superintendent of Police East Jaintia Hills District, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, IPS and others.
He said the State Government has urged the Central Government to immediately resume talks between the Governments of Meghalaya and Assam so that these incidents should not happen again.
In the U-15 Boys Double, Lechan Suchiang and Salonbhami Suching of Lummoroo SS Shangpung defeated Iar-I-Tre Kyndiah and Ebhami Bareh of North Liberty 21-11, 21-1
The comparison of faith and witchcraft in relation to the truth of faith in life.
"We all agree that women police officers should be active when doing any investigation of incidents against women," Safiq said.
What make u think u will fix this issue.
“The leaders of Mawbah village together with the MLA of the area have come to meet to express their concern over the proposal to relocate the Harijans to this area,” said Bah Tynsong.
The following are the information from the Lion Mission Village Authority:.
He said that sub-section 16 of section 5 should be included in the VAB and the party supports the decision of the Dorbar Bah Bri u Hynniewtrep.
He told about some of the works of KAS and the demands, such as the preparation of the Khasi-Khasi Dictionary which has been going on for two years and according to the directive of the Supreme Court, to translate 200 Supreme Court dictionaries. Judgment or any judgment or decision of the Supreme Court of India which is another milestone in the development of the Khasi language.
In addition, we are fortunate to have the prominent leader of Ri Khasi Dr. Bremley B. Lyngdoh who is a Supporter of the United Nations for Sustainable Development and has worked with many groups implementing Article
Shillong, March 5: The Seng Khasi Ri-Bhoi Circle has strongly condemned the robbers who destroyed the signboard of the Seng in front of its office at Mawpun Raid Madan Kyrdem.
Now you can see that many of the minority groups have come forward to demand their share, which can lead to difficulties in resolving this issue”.
People are prohibited from entering these dangerous areas and residents are not allowed to leave their homes.
In another match, Umsohsun beat Madanryting 2-0
Home Minister Devendra Fadnavis said the government will not release those involved in the riots in the districts of Maharashtra.
“Therefore, Bah Mayralborn urged the Prime Minister and the Minister of Sports to fight as much as possible to expedite the allocation of funds so that it can be implemented and it will benefit the school children of the area.
Therefore, as a retired person and supporter of the Congress Party, I request you to think thoroughly before taking any drastic decision.
Her brother also promised in his own strength to train and guide Bhalang so that he can rise in life and be able to help his brothers in the days to come.
He said that the union urges the MeECL authorities and the government to provide electricity especially from 7 pm to 10 pm, as this is the time for the children. Schools are still studying and the people are still doing many jobs and if there is no electricity this has created a big problem for the people to complete their work.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today left for Delhi to seek support from various political parties to oppose the Citizenship Bill (CAB). They may take it to the Rajya Sabha tomorrow.
There is no longer any peace in our country and we are afraid to go anywhere.
“Of course, Mairang has already been announced as the new district of our state but due to the Covid-19 pandemic, this has become a little easier but let the residents of Mairang know and hope. “It is good that the government has confirmed that before the celebration of Independence Day, Mairang will get the district,” he said.
Your marriage is as precious to you as the value that you give it.
The project was implemented by the DRDA South West Khasi Hills office at a cost of T.2.5 crore.
“Just as Saul turned into Paulus, we pray that those who disrupt the encounter of the youth of the Diocese of Khandwa will one day become brave soldiers of Christ.
All that remains is to meet the needs.
However, it was said that Hamas's surprise attack on Israel on March 7 shocked the officials outside Palestine because they did not know or receive information about the Palestinian Authority. Hamas's plan to attack Israel.
The KSU Umiam Circle and Mawlai Circle have lodged a complaint with the KHADC that four companies YFC, Nikton Ford, Mahindra and Toyota have dumped garbage in the rivers. If a person uses water and throws stones from the river, it is also polluted and dangerous.
He said that the UDP from time to time has expressed that it will continue to support the ARPA until the end of the five years and will continue to stand on the same basis and urged other friends. to the synrop group to resolve all their differences and to work on issues that are necessary for the people.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma said that out of the 196 candidates, 115 candidates will not be able to sit for the examination. because they are old.
Shillong, July 15: The Minister in charge of District Council Affairs (DCA) on Tuesday warned that the release of funds to the three Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) may be affected. If you are still delayed in sending your Account.
I am happy and hopeful that this great Kamshaphrang will be followed up.
Shillong, July 18: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has been unable to operate testing laboratories for medicines even after five years. Rs.80.39 lakh.
Of these, 20,274 vehicles have expired, while 8,704 vehicles have lost their fitness.
He said that the main reason why he was encouraged to contest the election was after the people from different villages came to complain to him about the problems they face in the price of crops. it is more limited when it reaches the market for sale than the cost of cleaning cultivation and this is one important factor that he wants to take into account.
What worries the police is that many drug dealers who are arrested are often released on bail from the courts.
The residents whose houses have been destroyed have expressed their happiness over the bail of Kong Agnes.
“Until today we are still in a fierce struggle, no longer with sword and spear but we are now in the era of war against the laws issued by the Government of India which are ready to violate the laws of India. Khasi customs and traditions,” said Bah Kharshiing.
He added that the Seng has also requested the Minister to extend the parking time for Tourist Taxis in the morning which are waiting for passengers from Khyndai Lad.
Bandonboklang Kharlukhi, Forester-I of the Department of Forest and Environment, Meghalaya, passed away on 28/04/2
Furthermore, the dohmasi farmers said that although the Khasi people of our country are very good at dohmasi, but the poor and rich cannot afford to buy dohmsai these days because of the high price. shaba palat and this affects them well, whether they buy food or meat.
He said that the robbers had created the facebook page of 'Goera Pantora' and posted this statement.
Mawrie said that if the Prime Minister wants to know how strong Bernard Marak is, he can come from South Tura, not from other places.
The Cardiology Department with the support of the Director NEIGRIHMS has struggled as much as possible to provide convenience to the patients to receive treatment at affordable prices.
Nevertheless, without hesitation, the teachers listened to them all.
The UDP had earlier decided to nominate Bah Paul from the Shillong Parliamentary seat.
Polish tennis star Iga Swiatek has once again won the Stuttgart Open.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, several people who were present at the scene of the fire said that it may have been a petrol bomb explosion and they heard the explosion about three times. before the fire and after the fire they said there was an alarming explosion and flames were seen.
For more information please call B.Syiem – 9402300795 and V.Shylla –
On the other hand, regarding the return of the Clan Bill by the DCA, Bah Syiem said that it has been handed over to a special committee headed by the newly appointed MDC Bah Bindo. Lanong and they have already held many meetings to resolve the recommendations of the DCA that there are differences in some areas.
Daniel 9:24 / Daniel 7:11-14 / Luke 1:31-33.
Regarding the disappearance of the members, he said the party has not lodged any complaint with the police but perhaps it may have been a complaint made by the exploiters in the name of the party.
According to the vision of the Seng, if the Khri Bridge collapses, the problem will be for the people of Thian Shiliang Khri who used to travel from this Khri Bridge.
The NEIPF also alleged that the leaders are sleeping inside the Legislative Assembly, because when they see this problem of the people they are still blind and when they hear the complaints of the people they are also shocked. The people of Jaintia Hills should be very careful when electing any leaders especially in Jaintia Hills.
These rules have been issued as a way to protect the paid Nongshong Shnong from the spread of Covid-1
The Minister said this after a meeting with the leaders of the Khasi Jaintia Fish Wholesalers and Retailers Association (KJFWRA) who came to request him to set up a testing center at Khlieh Iewduh to test formalin for the fish imported from the country. out of state.
The results of the candidates will be counted on the same day and announced at Pomshutia, said Bah Pyngrope.
Police have taken the body to Dawki to inform and wait for the relatives.
Furthermore, the JHADC also passed a bill on the inclusion of the Papang and Mynso Kurs in the list of Kurs who can contest the Dolloi election in Shangpung Elaka. Dolloiship.
We have fought for a long time, and we will continue to fight to make the people understand that the Jaitkpa is the stieh that the authorities fear.
m in us now.
The meeting was conducted by General Observer K. Veera Raghava Rao, IAS, Narendra Kumar Dugga, IAS and Police Observer, Ranjit Kumar Mishra, IPS in the presence of District Election Officer, Arpit Upadhayaya, SP. Ri Bhoi, Giri Prasad, Returning Officer and Assistant Returning Officer.
Therefore, many schemes even for poor women have now benefited across Meghalaya after having an Aadhaar number.
“You remember when the KSU was calling for ILP, border settlement, he (Dr Mukul) said clearly that he would settle the border issue in a few days but this has not happened,” he said. state.
According to a recent report in an English newspaper, it is said that trucks transporting fish from Andhra Pradesh take 18-20 days, but it takes only five or seven days from Andhra Pradesh. The fish are scientifically treated and there is no drug treatment or injection.
Nongpoh: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi District, today called for a strong protest against the proposal of the state government to set up a casino or 'Khalai' The KSU, FKJGP, HNYF and RBYF have sent a letter to the leaders of the four political parties, including the KSU, FKJGP, HNYF and RBYF, to seek their support for their intention to oppose the Khalai area. The Fear.
They said that they have received a work order since 11th July, 2017, a work order of T.1,30,000 tyngka and only after 3 days they have received the first installment of T.52,0 tyngka, the money has been spent but until now they have not received the money from the block to complete the construction.
In fact, it must have been 1 month (day) to be 70 months.
Seven of the deaths were from East Khasi Hills, four from Ri Bhoi, West Jaintia Hills and West Khasi Hills.
Shillong: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Central Body today, July 7, 2021, distributed food items and shelter to 108 Field Staff as part of the campaign. lem the problems faced by the employees from time to time.
This project aims to create opportunities for young people to guide themselves for the future, in terms of employment.
The GST was adopted and implemented by the NDA government led by Narendra Modi after it won the vote in Parliament last year.
Shillong, Nailur 11: Former members of the HSPDP from Mairang on Tuesday said that their departure from the party is not because they have left the party but because of the expulsion of the President Rangbah of the party, Bah Ardent M. Get wet.
Nongstoiñ, July 18: Out of all the villages within the border of Khasi Jaintia Hills, only 61 villages in West Khasi Hills district are under the jurisdiction of two Syiems. that is, to the King of Rambrai and Myrïaw.
This law shall come into force from today until further notice.
The Head of Police, Ri Bhoi District, said that the police found the body after being informed by the Rangbah Shnong of 20mer.
The Chief Guest also handed over a Work Order of T.16, 87,942/- under the MGNREGS scheme for the year 2022-23 to the Chairman of VEC Mawtneng for the improvement of the village pond. The village also has a desire to become a tourist destination due to the beautiful pond which the village has taken the initiative to build through the assistance of various government schemes designed in such a way to attract tourists.
I am confident that the Union Minister will listen to their request and the Union Government will allocate funds for the dire need of roads in Meghalaya.
It has directed the Autonomous District Council to send the Utilization Certificate (UC) by April this year.
Meanwhile, Rupang asked Balahun by email how many members of the party there are, and she said that there are 120 members of the party to oppose the sale. body, until now.
Seeing the lack of income and adequate accommodation, the Ehrngiew Committee has conducted a thorough inspection of the household and to inspect the household. on their suitability.
Bible readers are familiar with the struggle of Moses, who delivered the Israelites from slavery in Egypt.
The President also requested those parakurs who use only Lyngdoh instead of Lyngdoh Thabah to use the jait again as they used to do before.
Al-Hilal, Saudi Arabia, scored the first goal through Michael, before two Al-Nassr players, Abdulelah Al-Amri and Nawaf Boushal was sent off for a red card, but Ronaldo's two goals were enough for Al-Nasr to win their first trophy.
Feed and more water should be given when necessary.
In Ribhoi, there are 29 cases and these include 6 cases in Nongtluh, 5 cases in Umsning, 4 cases in Pahamlapong and others.
According to West Garo Hills Police, Ramjan Ali was arrested after allegedly raping a child on October 19, 2014 at his home. stay of that child.
They said that they are not against the survey but the survey should be conducted according to the social agreement.
The incident occurred in the Nondeiñ area of ​​New Nongstoiñ.
The Project Director, DRDA East Jaintia Hills District, Bah G. Rabindra Nath Thakur has also been a member of the District Committee. Warjri, MCS as Chairman, J. Shylla, MCS as Convener and Treasury Officer L. Lyngdoh as members.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem said, I don't want to complain to the police.
Marbud said that the temporary suspension of the protest was due to the sudden death of the Chairman of the Sur of Hynniewtrep, and many of the leaders were injured. ha suffering.
Before the match, Langsning were in second place with 11 points while Mawkhar were in bottom place with two points.
Shillong, July 17: A Khasi filmmaker and producer has been honored by the Government on Tuesday.
Regarding the preparation, Bah Wanmi Passah said that the school authorities have prepared for this because they understand that in the rural areas they cannot rely only on online classes due to the lack of Internet especially. children who live in rural areas.
The Superintendent of Police, South Garo Hills, Abraham T Sangma, said that they have already sent police to the village to conduct an investigation after receiving a complaint. Members of the High Powered Committee (HPC) in charge of the construction of the new Legislative Assembly in the state at Mawdiangdiang, on 8th July The meeting was held at Taj Vivanta, Shillong.
“In the meeting with the NEHUSU leaders who are also members of the HYC, we asked them why the program was canceled and they said it had something to do with the RSS. The program does not belong to others but to the Hindi Department but they themselves claim that it has nothing to do with the RSS and that it has nothing to do with Hinduism.
It is not only the adoption of the French race or the conversion from one race to another, but there are also Khasi who do not reveal their race.
In the 2022-23 budget, Conrad has introduced a deficit budget of T.1,849 crore.
“I don't understand...” said Rida.
Ms Lamare said that the aim of the union is to hold such markets properly so that the farmers can benefit. by traditional rep.
It is understood that there will be a fierce battle between the UDP and the NPP for the nomination of a joint candidate, as these two parties are the largest allies in the coalition government led by the UDP. The MDA government includes the PDF, BJP, HSPDP, PDF and independent MLAs besides the NPP and UDP. Tura should go to the NPP. However, the BJP and the PDF have rejected the UDP's proposal to allow it from Shillong and wanted the joint candidate to be allowed to speak in Shillong. MDA meeting to decide.
They also urged the DC to send patrols to many parts of the area, as there is a market which is held at 3 pm and through the goods, which come from the market. The market has been sold in many parts of Ri Bhoi.
“Even though we have never won from Shella since the beginning of the state, the party has become stronger but the defeat in this election has made the party think how to strengthen,” he said.
After investigation , it was found that Anil had opened a new account at Punjab National Bank , Shillong on the 16th of this month and had deposited T.20 lakh from the money he had stolen from the priest .
It would therefore be very good and useful for the Khasi-Pnar if he knew how to make gur.
It is an older news, but it is shocking, that a Taliban militant, who was carrying explosives on his body, has been arrested by the army of the country.
Shillong, Lber 1: The Dorbar Shnong of Wapungskur East Jaintia Hills District has demanded that the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) should pay the compensation to all those land owners and house owners who fall under the jurisdiction of the National Highway Authority (NHAI). The NHAI has taken over the land for the construction of NH 44, before the construction of the Arliang Road, NH 44 which passes through Wapungskur Village.
The rule of law belongs to the citizens of the State who work hard, earn fairly and eat from the ground.
He also explained a little bit about NYKS and its benefits and said that NYKS has trained many talented youth and also to train themselves in the field of detailed information. to be deceived by these things but to stand on their own feet for the benefit of the community, the region and the country as a whole and to work together in all aspects.
In a letter to the Chief Election Commissioner VS Sampath, Pandey wrote, “The Prime Minister has threatened our leader PA Sangma by predicting his death. “It is not only unacceptable but also shows his evil intentions. We appeal against this statement of the Prime Minister and demand that he should be punished”.
Shillong: The Independent MLA from Nongkrem, Bah Lambor Malngiang, who is also the Chairman of the State Planning Board of Meghalaya, on Tuesday admitted that the Congress has come to him to overthrow the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government. ) but on the other hand, he immediately refused.
Meanwhile, a group of lawyers and others representing Mithun have gone to the office investigating the corruption allegations in Salt Lake and submitted a Demand Draft (DD). to officers investigating the case.
Regarding this incident, it is said that this is a sign of a different earthquake in the world, the outbreak of hundreds of diseases and then the eruption of volcanoes in many places.
From the meeting of the parties held today, it is understood that on the 29th, the party leaders will meet with Mukul Sangma and discuss only the ILP, not other laws or other laws. They don't want to talk to mynder and if the Prime Minister tries to intimidate them with other talks, they won't be able to talk and they will continue to protest.
Khliehriat Lber 13 : As a donation to the villagers, the officials of Dalmia Cement Ltd, Thangskai, East Jaintia Hills District, through the CSR department, today handed over a School Boss to u Waheh Shnong of Thangskai, East Jaintia Hills District, for the safety of the school children, who used to go to school to Khliehriat.
The Principal, NCC officers, NSS Coordinator and teachers were present at the Yoga Day.
The VPP MLAs were angry when the Governor spoke Hindi, and Bah Ardent expressed his views before all four left the Dorbar.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 8: Three senior Congress leaders including two Chief Secretary Rowell Lyngdoh, Prof. RC Laloo and Salseng C Marak, Chairman of the State Planning Board of Meghalaya, have been appointed as the Chairman of the State Planning Board. Maharam Govt. Mawkyrwat School today visited Maharam Govt.
Shillong, Lber 9: Two drug traffickers arrested by the police from Madanrting last year have been sentenced to indefinite imprisonment. They were identified as Vuli Hmar, 40, and Mawi Hmar,
I would like to take part in the discussion and I would like to express my opinion through the writing of Bah Purningstar Shabong who has criticized the work of Rev.John Roberts.
Sita, who had been suffering from a long illness, was under the care of Norvic International Hospital in Kathmandu. Ms Sita died amid their attempts to help and save her in many ways.
If we join your club, we can get a shyiengkrung.
Drinking one to three glasses of soybean water a day is sufficient for health benefits.
The great dragon, the old serpent, the devil and Satan, was cast out, and deceived the whole world.
Not only that, it was reported that many vehicle drivers were injured in the cold weather, which lasted for several minutes in the village.
Shillong, November 3: U LK Advani, Member, Parliamentary Standing Committee on Information and Technology, Government of India, will arrive in Shillong tomorrow and attend a meeting from 9 am to 10 am. 11 am at Polo Towers Hotel, Shillong.
Franky Laloo, Executive Engineer, MSPCB, Shillong.
Even if they are in the government, only two ministers will be ridiculed by the people and even if they run away, they will be ridiculed in front of the people.
Lucifer Satan will give the authority to the beast (man of sin) to rule this world for 42 months or 3 and a half years.
A High Court judge commented on this case, “Even if there are any reasons for theft, is it right to bury the ghost of this theft? This scam)?This is the time when CM Dr. Mukul Sangma.
At the same time, she said that the fire trucks in the state are in East Khasi Hills (27), West Khasi Hills (10), South West Khasi Hills (3), West Jaintia Hills (11). East Jaintia Hills (4), Ri-Bhoi (12), West Garo Hills (19), South West Garo Hills (4), East Garo Hills (8), North Garo Hills (3) and South Garo Hills (8) .
" said the Pastor.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Macmilan said that it is essential that the Khasi language should be included in the list of laws, so that the documents can work in various government departments. .
To mark the celebration of this special day in sports, a cycling competition and a 7.5 km race for men and women was held.
Ampareen Lyngdoh has been appointed to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Law, IPR and Agriculture.
Police said that the search for the suspects is ongoing.
God also wanted to make Israel king and rule over the nations of the world and she would be the king of the world, because in Israel there were people of God like Abraham, Isaac and Jacob and others, and it is because God had promised Abraham and them – “In thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed” Acts 3:2
Therefore, the people of Hynniew-Trep – Hynniew-Skum please don't want to be a slave to the Garo people. more vulnerable and still more backward than us.
The death toll has risen to 97 in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of deaths in the state to 1,9
Shillong: The Committee in charge of the Matri Mandir in Polo, today lodged a complaint with the police for the discovery of a cow head near the gate of the Hindu temple.
Pangniang said that after searching around the area and turning off his phone, they could not lodge a complaint with the Sadar PS police last night at 11:30 pm. “We have not lodged a complaint against anyone, but we have just reported that he is missing,” said Bah Pangniang.
The leaders don't care what they think of us.
Them Metor, known as the slum area of ​​Shillong, has been inhabited by Harrijans who work as road workers, garbage collectors from households and so on since the time of the rule. you Bit.
The VO has been able to reach out to 18 SHGs, to establish a group of women to stand on their own feet especially to encourage them to set up their own businesses and do Many good deeds and public services have been done in this village especially to promote the women.
It can also be said that morality is the ability to know man and know God and man is born with the ability to know morality.
Para 3 of the Resolution dated 12.01.1972 states that if in one Recruitment Year, or year of application, no recruitment can be made from any group receiving the recruitment, because the The group shall receive less than 0.5 of the salary for that year, and shall be counted as 1 share, if the share exceeds
Corinthians 4:4 In whom the god of this world hath blinded the minds of them which believe not, lest the light of the glorious gospel of Christ, who is the image of God, should shine unto them. shine on them.
The team interviewed 456 poor farmers and villagers in Boston from 1939 to
According to government sources, these workers are not allowed to stay despite the government's security measures.
Also present at the funeral were SP Jagpal Singh Dhanao, Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, Arpit Upadhaya, former SP of Ri Bhoi Giri Prasad and others. Other senior police officers and the Ri Bhoi Police Department also paid tribute to the police officer by holding a salami at the ceremony held at his residence.
The “SVANidhi se Samriddhi" initiative , launched on July 4, 2021, aims to connect beneficiaries’ families to five Government of India social and income schemes , to promote inclusive economic development.
“In this regard, he said that the Seng will soon meet with the relevant authorities of the Shillong Cantonment Board to ensure that it will immediately remove these illegal residents from this area.
Sweetymon Rynjah, one of the prominent writers of the state and who has contributed greatly to the society through the books she has written, said that The Khasi language is beautiful and has a very bright meaning that has been placed in nature so that it will not disappear from our minds.
Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, has donated many items and also money to the Village Authorities of Nongpoh.
If MPs are not happy, how can citizens like us be happy with people who have evil intentions? It is impossible for anyone who intends to cause trouble to enter Parliament.
The committee set up by the government headed by Bah DD Lapang to appoint the Dorbar Shnongs after the High Court decision has been dissolved because the government does not want to interfere in the work of the district council. said Mukul Sangma.
JOWAI: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laskein Circle on Saturday visited Khatkasla village after receiving information that the Assam Government is planning to build a Police Outpost near the village.
On the opportunity to qualify for the Elite Group, Yadav said that this is the biggest achievement as the list includes the famous sports states. Karnataka, Delhi, Vidarbha and so on has turned into a golden opportunity for the children of Meghalaya to showcase their talents in the states and states like this.
She said that if the government wants to implement the law, it should implement the corrupt people first, why don't they arrest the corrupt politicians and officers first? “Don't be biased, somewhere they arrest corrupt MLAs and officers but they don't arrest us,” she said.
Letpao Haokip alleged that Mukul Sangma has betrayed his own people by leaving the constituency and this is the time to warn him.
He said that the actors and actresses and the entire team who went to Mumbai expressed their delight especially when they were able to shoot the film at the film training center in Mumbai. Worli Mumbai.
“We accept because it is true that the Voice of the People Party is a poor party and as a party, we are happy that this party will remain poor but the goal of the Voice of the People Party is to to enrich the country and the nation and to enrich every citizen of this state,” said Bah Brightstarwell.
This shows that we plant trees with our right hand and cut them down with our left.
One of the outcomes of this inspection was the decision to replace the roller rocker bearings, which are very old and essential for the maintenance of the bridge.
“We will go with about 20,30 people and the President will come directly from Bangalore,” said BJP General Secretary David Kharsati.
He said that PM Kisan is another scheme and cannot be implemented in the state because the farmers do not have enough farmland in the state.
According to many sources, the BJP Government of Narendra Modi has started the UCC in Manipur, until the Manipur High Court has allowed Hindu Meitei to get citizenship. (Scheduled Tribe), only with an Affidavit.
He urged the youth to set goals and achieve them.
Odisha opened the scoring through Deepa Nayak in the 32nd minute and Malati Munda scored the second goal in the 35th minute.
Jowai, November 20: The District Development Unit, West Jaintia Hills District will conduct a one-day training on rainwater harvesting and rainwater management.
The meeting will be chaired by Elisabeth Tichy-Fisselberger, UN Ambassador to Austria and current President of the UN Human Rights Council.
The absence of the athletes from that country also includes their withdrawal from representing Norway in the tournament to be held in Denmark, Germany and Poland.
In the second innings, Rathore scored a half-century for 54 runs before being bowled out for five fours while Dutta struck 36 for five fours.
“I don't know who Gokhale is, there may be many people living in different parts of India who can come to this state to sleep. to discuss any matter which is not acceptable.
Nangkiew took the lead by 10 goals in the first half through a shot from Malki's foot which went straight to Syih's foot and slammed into the net.
Those over 65 years of age or children under 10 years of age, should be especially careful when visiting these sites and those who run these sites have been directed to allow them to view these sites online. write.
Books take us around this world without moving our feet.
Nongpoh: A Jain Trading Mill in Baridua has been closed down by the HNYF from Ri Bhoi District after receiving information that the Jain Trading Mill has been smuggled. to other shops, the rice mixed with plastic rice.
They will not accept accommodation or any gift offered to them by him or any political candidate or party.
Shanki Amryngsong (18) and Samson Swer (25) scored the goals.
When asked about the demand to amend the Reservation Policy, Prestone said, “The amendment does not stand because it is not an act but a policy which has been implemented since
“It is only after we have the support of everyone, that we will be able to think about how to move forward," he added.
Nongpoh MLA Mayralborn Syiem said the Government should send a thorough inquiry into the violation of the Land Transfer Act as some people have sold land on the border.
Swallow.
Moonlight Pariat, MDC from War Central, Lamdibok Sumer, Local MDC from Mynso, Suklang Shylla, Chief Engineer, Secretary EC and Officers from Finance Department visited Mynso and Pammanik. to inspect some of the houses that have been damaged by the Phria.
On the part of the Church, T.Bn S.Buhphang congratulated the District through the SELD Committee for bringing this program to the Church and the village.
it will create many posts in schools...it will open the door for learning Hindi.
If Scheduled Tribes are appointed according to reservation, they should write ST in the appropriate column and the same applies to OST/SC if they are appointed according to reservation, they should write OST/SC. in the corresponding column," specified in the OM.Further on prioritizing complaints by Government agencies, the OM specified that every agency should appoint an officer who has been more Under Secretary above to be appointed as Grievance Redressal Officer for any complaints expressing dissatisfaction with the implementation of the Reservation Roster.
Along with these HSPDP MLAs, supporters and leaders of Bah Blanding also arrived at the KHADC. Before the start of the second session of the KHADC, police arrived at the District Council. to see if Bah Blanding had arrived, but as soon as the dorbar began, they left.
However, they don't know the truth why the village is suffering from all these things.
The meeting will be held at Mawkyndeng and Mynsngat Square at 3.00 pm.
He said that the next meeting has not been scheduled yet.
Kharkongor wants to kill Bah Nongrum after an incident in which members of the Dorbar Shnong of Umiuh Tmar under Pynursla were involved in the shooting and beating of a child on the allegation that he He is the leader of the BSF and the Bangladeshis.
Speaking on the occasion, the daughter of Bah Bring, Kong Syrpailin Khonglah, said, “Although my father has passed away for 12 years, this celebration is to honor the lyngkhuh death anniversary of my father. repeat it and it feels like just a day.
Titossterwell said the project, which is aimed at preserving and developing medicinal plants, is targeted to be completed by
At a rally in support of the CAA, the MLA said, “I strongly warn the Muslims that any development works should not go to their land.
According to information received, the names of the CEM and EM of KHADC in the case of misuse of funds for the Mawbynna Festival, is an opportunity for the state government to report to the office of the Governor. you cannot create an administrator rule.
This area is also a place where not only the residents have to work from one side of the National Highway-6, but it is also a place used for school children when they go to and from school. They don't have to walk through this road, but if there is a footbridge, it will make it easier for the people to walk along this road and they can walk through this footbridge to avoid anyone. This road is one of the busiest roads in the North East of India.
In order to preserve and revive this ancient crop, the JHDS in collaboration with Caritas India and KVK Jaintia Hills, has organized a one-day Millet Festival on the theme “ Healthy  Millet Healthy People”.
According to the NEP, it encourages the study of a variety of courses in colleges to improve education by recognizing the talents of the students and colleges with only one course will have to think about the future of the college.
Rainfall in Sohra in the past 24 hours was RKM 906.8, Sohra 811.6, Mawkyrwat 297.0, Khliehriat 246.8, Jowai 166.4, Shella 220.0, Resubelpara 128.0, Williamnagar 94.0.
Laitumkhrah Police Station has launched an investigation into the incident.
However, he said the government will continue to monitor this issue with the Central Government and will not rest until these two languages ​​are included in the Constitution of the country.
After completing Class VII in the village, he went to St. Paul's Minor Seminary 3 Mer (Upper Shillong) as an aspirant to complete the remaining classes before becoming a Brother.
Verse 14.
“I Rangbah Shnong who is conducting the meeting at this time and the whole household, I would like to hear what decision you will give on the insult to us as a household.
They also alleged that the department only knows how to collect fees while not providing adequate services.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah RL Tongkhar said that there are more than 42,000 households who have not yet sanctioned money to deliver water but out of 5,88,000 households in the state, 5,3 , 000 households have been sanctioned to deliver water to the households of the villagers under the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) scheme.
The Civil Defense & Home Guard plays an important role in providing assistance in many emergency situations and in the event of natural or man-made disasters,” he said. Speaking as the chief guest at the 61st Raising Day of the Civil Defense and Home Guards on November 6, 2013 at the CTI Parade Ground, Mawdiangdiang, Shillong, the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Shillong, said: He also said that the role played by the volunteers of the Home Guard Department in relation to the driving, to provide security at the Assembly building and to assist the police in the security of puja pandals should be announced. and for a variety of other events and festivals.
BJD leader Pinaki Misra said Modi has made it clear that the curfew will not be lifted across the country after 14th June
George said he never thought that such allegations would come from the National Secretary of the Congress as he is a man who has been involved in politics.
“I don't want to explain in detail the provisions of the ordinance which affect the community,” said Bah Nongrum.
Members of Parliament today expressed their strong condemnation of the incident and demanded an impartial inquiry.
However, at the same time, there are those who doubt the need for a higher road at this time as the trade in these areas is still low.
They were also shot dead by the Karbi militants while they were plowing lyngkha in the Umlaphiah area below Mukroh.
He said that from day to day he is filled with pride when he sees that our brothers and sisters are progressing in many fields.
Shillong: The Miss Meghalaya Organization, under the banner of the Meghalaya Youth Tourism Development Society, will hold another Miss Meghalaya and Miss Teen Meghalaya 2023 pageant.
In the petition, the Seng said that the Seng is willing to ensure that Psiar is still within the border of Meghalaya but due to our permission and agreement with the District Administration, the Seng is willing to ensure that Psiar is still within the border of Meghalaya. Assam has been brave and allowed to invade our border.
One of the young daughters of a believing sister became young, and the people of that town said, 'Godly mother, how beautiful is the daughter!'
The CEO of the Meghalaya Football Association, Bah Arki Nongrum, who was also present at the friendly match, praised the referees who are the leaders in the field of football. football matches cannot be played.
In one of the incidents that has shocked many residents of Gomati district, Tripura, a 45-year-old man has cut off the hand of his mother. don about 75 years old.
“This is a selfish act that affects not only us traders who didn't want to cheat, but also affects the revenue of the government which collects revenue from coal,” they said.
The Court has ordered the immediate closure of these factories since the order was issued on 16th November.
After that, three Rangbah Shnongs, Dr. Kharshiing, Bah Blah and Bah SD Khongwir, took part in the meeting.
The meeting was conducted by the Moderator of the Eastern Synod Rev.P.Surong at 10:30 pm. P.Myrchiang and the Choir of Shangpung Presbyterian Church, Um Phyrnai Presbyterian Church, Sutnga Presbyterian Church and Nongthymmai Presbyterian Church.
NEW DELHI: The Delhi government will pay T.50,000 to each family of a person who has died of coronavirus and T.2,500 per month in case of death. Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal today said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
In the first match which started at 11 pm at the 1st Ground SSA Stadium, Mawpat SC beat Sanmer SC 2-1 goals. SC scored 10 goals from Banshan Dhar in the 34th minute, but two goals from Batip Bamon (27th & 47th minutes) were enough for Mawpat SC to win.
The new commission is expected to follow the Paris Principles which is the international framework for human rights,” said Bah Dino DG Dympep, Chairperson of the MPHRC. He said that the establishment of the State Human Rights Commission will help to educate the public and promote human rights. by spending money as well as time.
On the same day, police tried to arrest a youth named Bah C Shadap during the curfew hours of the political parties in the state.
In Amlarem, the event was held at the Amlarem Government Lower Primary School ground.
Now Mukul Sangma will have to think hundreds of times what to do with Conrad Sangma, even if the thought in his mind is to reject Conrad's name and appoint him. by anyone, a person, with whom he automatically approves.
The meeting also said that as this is the forest of the Forest Department, a letter will be sent to the Forest Department not to cut or fence the forest, in order to prevent the illegal entry of people to fight against the forest. you're bad.
Explaining about the JICF, James said it will help to identify the priorities for the development of income and industry in the state through the participation of all groups. .
In the case of other types of bread, they brought twew puri and twew resai.
Dr.E.Suchiang, Pediatrician, Jowai, who also explained about the types of injections for children to prevent various diseases, said that they are not true. to avoid the injections that should be given from the time of conception until birth when they have to continue the injections.
The letter was signed by MPF Chairman Dr Donkupar Roy and MPF Secretary James K Sangma.
“We have sent the bearings to the company and once they are completed, our staff will go to the company to measure the weight,” said Mondal.
The State President of the BJP, Rikman G. Momin, has also set a target for the team led by Bah Kharkrang and State Secretary and Mayor of South Shillong Bipen Pradhan to look after the city. Shillong City has increased its turnout to 1 lakh votes in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
The meeting discussed how the 58 GTC should immediately find ways and means so that the passengers do not have to face the same problem. by good hour.
Not only that, but they stand in the middle of the road, waiting for people and some drivers charge up to T.250, just to go from Motphran, Iewduh to Polo, which is a robbery. from the public.
The mid-term MDC elections have shown that former Ranikor MLA Martin M Danggo is still receiving the support of the people, despite leaving the NPP party and the Congress candidate. He received 6842 votes.
Ricky Sohlang, Chairman of the JAC, speaking at the meeting.
Nongstoiñ, July 5: In collaboration with the public around the world on the occasion of the World Environment Day, the teachers and students of Tynghor Secondary School in collaboration with the Seng Samla Shnong have organized a special celebration.
He said that if the railway comes to Meghalaya, there will be a decrease in the price of goods.
On the night of the iong, they completed their duty to search all those involved in this area and the goal is to arrest all the people involved in drinking and drug trafficking in the area. District.
There are still some suggestions that we have received from our fellow members that we need to improve.
Secondly, it reminds us of Jesus' carrying the cross to Mount Calvary.
of Meghalaya, Health & Family Welfare Department.
All the incidents that we have witnessed in the past few, from place to place, these people who use drugs have committed horrendous crimes".
Later he was transferred to Namdong to serve as Assistant Parish Priest in 1995-2000 and Ummulong Parish as Assistant Parish Priest in 2000-2 to 2007.
Power Trip is also a festival that brings together several metal bands in one venue and this year this festival will be very interesting with the participation of famous metal bands. and they were not known in the world.
The loss of the Jewish Temple in Jerusalem, Jesus had already foretold in 32AD, to the Samaritan woman, Jesus said, “Unless you worship the Father, you will worship the Father. ) in the land of Jerusalem.
The Chief Guest of the ceremony was MC Deka, District Schools Education Officer (DSEO) Ri-Bhoi District. Other elders and Rangbah Shnongs of Umroi Dohbyrthih, Nongrah and others, parents and members of the Managing Committee, Rangbah Shnongs of Umroi Presbyterian Church and schoolteacher.
The taxi drivers, started the repairs at 9 pm, in which the taxi drivers, worked hard to fill the holes, which are on the road. , which has been neglected by the state government and has not been maintained for many years.
“Before the elections, they said it was no longer possible to sit with the Congress, but after a while the Congress came to power as happened in KHADC,” said Bah Lapang.
He said that this is not only due to the hard work of the government, but also due to the hard work of all those who have been involved in this work.
Skhemlang Suba of Ri Bhoi and the Glorify Kurbah of EKH won the title of Best Athlete.
The Choir of Malki Youth Church, Shangpung Youth Church, Nangbah Youth Church and the Standing Choir of KJP Synod Mihngi Youth Church at 7 pm. Church “The Church of God's Angkor is strong and stable”.
Meanwhile, his friend, who has not been named, fled the scene in panic.
Shillong, November 20: The Central Executive Council (CEC) of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today held a meeting at the KSU headquarters at 12 noon. many organizational issues.
On the other hand, the Seng demands that the Government should cancel this decision until the disease has subsided and until the State is clean from this disease.
The situation in the area is said to be under control after a team of police from Kashipur arrived at the scene.
“As I have always spoken against corruption, I will continue to speak out against corruption,” said Bah Hek.
Speaking at the 25th Anniversary of the PHC in Laitlyngkot, Prestone said the government has a special idea for the doctors in the rural areas. special for them.
The incident happened this afternoon at Kyntiah kloiñ before reaching Mawkliaw.
They also said that they will continue to check if there is still a need for cleaning.
However, on the other hand, he said that in these days, due to the protest of the village authorities that they should fall under the village, some Dkhars have come to surrender in the village as a request for syrnod ha you need them.
He admitted that such incidents are common in private schools in Tura.
The fourth month is called Naishonglad and has twenty-nine days.
On the preparation for the election, Bah Pala said, “Every election requires hard work because the election will be an election and it is not up to me to contest but it is up to the people to vote. I don't know, but I have a strong confidence because I have worked hard.
Requina Lyngdoh Marshilong, mother of Kong Lolo, resident of Mawtawar Umjarain near MESEB, NEHU Campus, passed away on
Total receipts are T.21,781 crore, revenue receipts are expected to be T.19,414 crore, while capital receipts are T.2,366 crore. the state government.
He said that the sad thing is that the leaders of the state do not understand this behavior of Assam, but they leave their own people alone because they don't have love or compassion for them. .
Various speakers at the conference urged the people who still believe in the national identity to beware of foreign teachings that aim to divide and destroy the national identity and culture.
Nongstoin, November 20 : The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Nongstoin Circle has urged the government especially the PWD (Road) department to expedite and complete the construction of the bridge. don't be afraid.
Everyone knows that there is a lack of resolution in Garo Hills every year, but no one believes.
Fernandes Dkhar, AITC candidate from Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, said that if he wins the election, his main goal is to abolish the social border settlement between the two parties. The Prime Minister has already signed.
Speaking on the candidates for the Congress party, Chatrath said the candidates themselves should be new people, well educated and willing to give full service. .
Spain's prime minister says he will ask parliament to extend martial law for another 15 days, banning people from leaving the country unless there are emergencies. eh.
They were identified as Santosh Thakur, Munna Thakur and Vijay Sunar.
She said that the land should not be handed over with the approval of other authorities as it requires the approval of the Cabinet Sub Committee but this land has not been done in this way.
She said that all laws relating to marriage recognize only the relationship between a man and a woman in marriage.
According to a source from EJH Police, on the 19th, the owners of the shop lodged a complaint with the police that three unidentified persons had entered the restaurant and robbed them. The owner of the shop, Chana Narayan Barman, a native of Tripura, was shot dead.
The Khun Hynniewtrep National Union (KHNU) has donated foodgrains to a poor family in Lumpyrdi Mihmyntdu.
One MLA said that they have left the Congress and today they will announce publicly on their resignation from the Congress.
As the days of the Tawang Marathon approach, the excitement of the participants who are looking forward to running together to showcase the spirit of unity through this marathon which is the main objective of the Tawang Marathon.
The death toll in the US has risen to 98,218, according to the University of Baltimore, and 1,662,375 cases have been reported.
It may be that those characters which are not necessary in the Khasi language have been removed without considering other languages ​​from the regions around the Khasi Hills.
Speaking to reporters, SK Sunn said that the committee has given 10 months to the school to stop the spread of garbage.
He also slammed the UDP leaders who have admitted that they have already won in four polling stations in Rangshken area.
Alia Bhatt has been named one of the Impactful International Women of 2023 and besides her, Emma Thompson and Rosalia have also been included in the list.
If someone has done good 99 times but has done wrong only once, we are quick to forget all the good deeds and we will think that these good deeds are just tricks to get bad only once.
The government has sent for reading 52 laws related to the ban on the entry of foreigners into the state.
The meeting was conducted by JSU Central Body President Jersom Shylla and General Secretary Treiborlang R Suchen.
It is learned that there was no complaint against the mining of coal as usual in Lum Jaintia.
This is our special focus," Javadekar said.
The President of the KSU Mawshynrut Circle, Bah Lambok Marngar, on Tuesday inaugurated the office of the KSU Mawshynrut Circle.
?" asked Daplin again. "You didn't go, Mei..." Lanosha said. "If you go to the market on the day of the market, we'll go to the market..." Daplin said. Lanosha said, “Shu go with me too... I need you to go to the market...” Daplin said. “I'll just go when my mother comes...” Lanosha replied, “What time will my mother come?” pha..." Daplin asked. "I don't know if I'm still at home. I'll ask you first..." Lanosha replied. "I'll ask you.
In order to spread this initiative, the government has celebrated a two-month campaign from today until 24th November.
Seiborlang Dkhar (33) and Army Siangshai (61) scored the second goal for Pasyih.
There are those who think that the government candidates (from the NPP or UDP party) cannot be defeated for that reason, to avoid the disgrace, the disgrace in front of the world, this government has sent to suspend the DC. to appear in public and listen to the news on the day of voting.
There are three main points to discuss and understand.
The Synod College Achiever's Award was also presented to Dr. Iohborlang M. Umlong for his contribution to science and research. Batskhem Lyngkhoi for his contribution in the field of medical physics and research.
The All England Club, which runs the Wimbledon tournament, said the decision on the matter was taken after discussions. and the UK Government, the Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) and other international tennis governing bodies.
As a condolence, the CEO and Executive Engineer visited the home of Bah Marshall and also met with his wife and relatives to express their condolences.
They want to increase the market by meeting him again in Delhi after the elections.
In the men's semi-final category, Ram Naresh was second, Sanjog Gurung second and Bharat Bhushan third while in the women's category, Makak Mayum Minararashi, Dateibankynmaw Marwein and Sevika Rai were third.
He said that it was Pala who sent him to apply for the Congress ticket.
There was a man who had been taught since childhood by his mother that he should live a simple and peaceful life.
On the Meghalaya side, there are the Congress, SP, BSP, TMC, AAP, DMK, TDP, NCP, NC, RJD, JD(S) and others.
In addition, there will be a special and important program for the youth, such as a discussion or discussion on the topic; “Employment opportunities, employment and employment according to the present era,” which will be led by Bah Samuel Sawian, who received the award in this category from abroad. of the country.
Recently, the state government has dismissed three officers from the Lokayukta on the grounds that the law does not allow the appointment of retired officers. opposed to the streets to force the government to retain these officers.
Shillong, July 03 : Pay for Right Academy has won the title of the 6th Swargadeo Sarbananda Singha National Invitation Tournament held in Dibrugarh, Assam after beating NorthEast United FC will face each other in the tie-breaker on November 30,
Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu have six seats each, Bihar five, Karnataka, Rajasthan and Andhra Pradesh four, Madhya Pradesh and Odisha three, Punjab, Jharkhand, Haryana, Chhattisgarh and Telangana two seats and Uttarakhand one.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said this while replying to a Special Motion on the issue of police violence at the public hearing of Meghalaya Cements Limited held at Thangksai, East Jaintia Hills on the 24th. In April, 2023, the MLA of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) in Mawlai, Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang, will be elected.
In the past few days, the issue of “Takeover of Government by the President of the Republic” has arisen in the event of the failure of any State Government in India, under Articles 356,357 et seq. of the Constitution. in India the word President Rule.
East Jaintia Hills District has won the top position among the districts in the 5th Meghalaya Games Cycle Competition held at Tura.
The price that Judas paid for Jesus' body was a so-called 'Fixed Price' which could not be increased or decreased.
Shillong, July 19: Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Shri Akhilesh Yadav on Tuesday inaugurated the 102 Ambulance Service from his residence in Lucknow. .
“The appointment of Rohit Prasad, the headmaster of the university, is paid T.75,040 without payment of his travel expenses and this appointment has been approved by the Executive Council. bor to the VC," he said.
The abattoir of the Department of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, State Government, Chennai Abattoir Pvt.
Not only that, it was said that they have to rely on each other, in order to avoid the shortage of drinking water in the air.
The Rangbah Shnong of Nongrah said that in Nongrah, they have already implemented the registration of foreigners who come to work and they have set a time limit for them to stay beyond that. but even for the Khasi who come to live abroad, they must provide the necessary documents to become a Dkhar.
In this regard, the Dorbar Kur Ryntathiang expresses its gratitude to this Samla Rangbah for his willingness to help this child, otherwise, this family together with the Kur as a whole would have been destroyed. duh ia one precious soul.
“If a woman is from Kashmir and marries a man from Uttar Pradesh, her state citizenship will be lost and she has two types of citizenship in India, one for the whole of India and one for the whole of India. one for Kashmir,” said Saini, speaking in Hindi.
These include EKH: 8, RBD: 1 and WGH:
Khliehriat: The Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA) in a statement released today through Samla S. Shadap, President of the Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA) has urged the President of the Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA) to MLA Sutnga-Saipung Constituency to assist in the early delivery of relief goods to the border villages including Hingaria, Huroi, Leijri, Leilong, Borsara, Kwator, Borkhat and other border villages which still fall under his constituency. There is a great need for help during the curfew.
When asked whether there are any villages in Mawsynram constituency which fall under Ranikor MLA constituency, Bah Pius said, “There are about five villages in Mawsynram constituency which fall under Ranikor constituency, but in the MLA constituency they fall under Ranikor constituency. Queens.
“We welcome this and we will continue to monitor the progress of the Reservation Policy amendment and we will not wait until the government calls another All Party Meeting but we will send a letter to the government in this regard,” he said.
At the same time, the Minister said that the government's distribution of M-Tabs to the students is to make them equal to others in this new age of technology.
It is for this reason that Job, the servant of God, said – Man, born of woman, is of few days and full of trouble.
Is it for us Christians to judge whether the Word of God is true or what is in tradition is true? As I said, many of our customs are good and there are others that we have to think and judge by the Word of God whether they are good for the nation as a whole.
They alleged that it was the former Syiem of the Hima, Paiem Latho Manik Syiem, who urged some members of the family to change their jait from Nongkhlaw to Kurwar with an affidavit.
On this occasion, the Seiñ Raij Ialong also honored two elderly men, Jem Dhar and Je Shylla.
Those who have died will not be resurrected with a physical body but with a spiritual body.
In a statement sent to the media through NEIPF Spokesperson, Bah Dundee C Khongsit, the Forum feels that the word 'Bharat' is derived from Sanskrit and has a connection with Hinduism. .
Kong Nongkhlaw said that most of the time as domestic workers, they are harassed by the owners of the houses when they go to work in the fields. They shall not be recognized by the law so that they shall have the right to work.
It shows that he has been excluded from political activities, which are against him.
Various studies have found that drinking moderately or just enough is helpful or beneficial.
As it is a bridge that the people need very much, it was reported that the village authorities have come out today to repair it themselves.
Surprisingly, after 30 years, the BJP alone won in 2014 282 MPs out of 543 MPs in the Lok Sabha.
Here it is 21.7% and India 12.6%.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the Seng, Samla Ksanbor Thabah, said that the Seng would like to ask for clarification from the Transport Department to take action on this issue.
“In the initial investigation, it was found that the driver was a minor and had a learner's licence.
The purpose of this special Drivers' Day is to bring together drivers across the state and to discuss issues related to driving and related to the laws for the construction and to promote the activities of the driving unions.
“This shop is doing well and almost all the customers are praising because you can get all the products here.
The President of HANM alleged that the police without any investigation have arrested him on the basis of an FIR which has led to his imprisonment for up to 10 months.
If this online class continues for a few years, the writing and reading will reach the end of the world.
The Minister said that although no party has been able to resolve this issue, the progress of the talks between the two Prime Ministers is very good and we should work together. together with the government.
The JNC has urged that the proposal to hold a Public Hearing should be suspended until adequate mechanisms have been created to meet the needs of the residents of the area as well. to come up with comprehensive security measures.
The government has appointed an investigation team comprising doctors and a psychiatrist to conduct an investigation.
On the other hand, the JSU has sent a memorandum to the Prime Minister demanding the establishment of a Police Out Post at Mukroh.
On the other hand, Bah Edmund Khongngai congratulated the people of Pynursla who came to take part in the rally to express their grief and opposition to the actions of the Assam Government.
At present, the residents of this area have to walk through the road to reach Kynroh and then to Nongstoiñ.
Many leaders from different countries will take part in the funeral.
She said that many of the soldiers have retired at a young age so the government has put in place schemes for them and these schemes are like the CM Elevate and Incubation of Market Driven Enterprises ( PRIME ) which these retired soldiers can use them for their careers and their family members.
He said that the people should not demand the ILP from the MDA government led by Conrad Sangma because the protest against the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) 2016 has no meaning and Modi has already done so.
Regarding these issues, the UDP EMs said that they cannot tolerate anymore and the issue has reached their limit, so they will have to hold their PP Meeting, and after that it will send to the Sengkmie to “After the PP Meeting, we will wait for the decision of the Sengkmie to leave or stay in the Sengkmie,” said the Deputy CEM. From other sources, it is understood that the work of the UDP MDCs in the District Council has to go to the Core Committee of the UDP. The Deputy CEM said that the UDP does not want to take an immediate decision because it is a national party. “If we want to leave, we have left since then before we sent a letter to the ARPA. CEM” said Bah Teinwell Dkhar.
She also urged the public to take care of the parking lot and not to destroy it, but to use it according to the allocation and construction of the parking lot. for the benefit of the people.
Such a Khaddar regime has not been encouraged in India since independence.
He said that he will always be in power if he wins as MP for the benefit of the people, but it does not mean that he will be a victim of what is wrong, and he will say yes to what is right and yes to what is right. you shouldn't do that.
Vitamin A contained in this vegetable helps to maintain skin moisture and fight against psoriasis.
Therefore, he said that if we look at the situation in Pakistan at the moment, it seems that Pakistan will have to face severe poverty if it cannot afford to pay these debts and if it cannot and to produce and recover all that it has lost in the past years.
Furthermore, the Seng informs that there will be a drama performance by the youth of the Seng on the night of the 7th and 8th at the Seng Khasi Lawbah. The Khasi Hills in these nights of the drama competition.
Speaking to reporters, Mawphlang MLA SK Sunn said, “The blame will be on the management of the school for not taking action against the sewage treatment plant. Because of their lack of responsibility, the children who study at this school are suffering.
The ILP makes it clear that no foreigner can enter the country without permission and he said that the Hima Nongstoiñ does not have a law like the ILP which says “No Dkhars shall settle in the territory of Nongstoiñ without the permission of the Syiem” and this does not exist within the Hima Nongstoiñ and what is needed now is to introduce such a law throughout the country. Furthermore, the CoMSO leader said that there is no doubt that the state will get the ILP at this time as there are almost 60 candidates. Even the Congress under the leadership of Mukul Sangma which had immediately rejected the ILP earlier has now supported the demand for the implementation of the ILP in the state.
The project will also explore ways and means to use new farming methods to reduce the damage caused by climate change.
The KSU-Umrangsoo unit was established at Umrangsoo District in Dimahasao District of Assam.
Three other persons from Menadoba village, North Garo Hills Districts have been buried in the ground and their bodies have not been found yet.
The East Jaintia Police Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) said that during the investigation, the arrested persons have confessed to being involved in the robbery of petrol pumps in Shillong, Ribhoi and Head.
“The people of the state are well aware of the power and reputation of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi and his development works.
I would like to urge the Hima, Raid, Shnong, Seng Bhalang and the people who are concerned about this issue to stand together and not allow the Government authorities to introduce Railways to the this is the area, and lei-lei.
Tura, Jymmang 16: A 25-year-old driver of a truck has been killed and his body found near Dollongre in West Garo Hills. parts of your head.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: Students have had to struggle to get a seat at Sohra Govt College.
UDP President Dr. Donkupar Roy, who heard this, although he shook his head, said, “If you get it, it will be very good.
If medicines can be produced in our own country, the cost of medicines will decrease and so will the cost of health care, but the Free Trade Agreement prohibits it and this affects patients and health and health care. .
A person who always expects something good from others puts himself behind.
This decision was taken at a meeting on the 12th of this month in the presence of members including Antonio War EM I/C Finance, Lamphrang Blah, EM I/C Elaka, Kennedy Khriem, Vice Chairman KHADC and and 5 members of the Mawphlang Hima.
Media reports said that the Madan Student will be filled tomorrow and the rally will be as loud as during the ILP rally at the site, as it was said that there were several villages. in the city and in the countryside who called to announce that there will be a curfew for the public to attend the meeting.
COLOMBO: The residence of Sri Lankan Prime Minister Mahinda Rajapaksa has been set on fire in the northwestern city of Kurunegala on Tuesday.
During the inspection, the HYC under the leadership of President Bah IJ Dameki Paswet, found that out of the three toilets allocated to be used as public outlets, only one toilet is functioning. The same toilet was used by both men and women.
“Like other political parties and the people of East Jaintia Hills, and the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep, AJYWO, in one voice, strongly opposes the state government's plan to build a railway line in the district. On the grounds that the Inner Line Permit (ILP) has not been implemented yet in the state, as has been done in other states in the North East, the state government has “It has been decided in the Legislative Assembly since 2019 to implement it for the protection of the indigenous people of the state, but this has been ignored by the state and central governments,” he said. Heatermoon Ryngkhlem, President of AJYWO-East Jaintia Zone.
“We have thought of installing CCTV cameras inside the park to intimidate those people who come to commit illegal acts,” he said. They don't do these things because the park doesn't have enough land.
East Khasi Hills has 201 cases, West Garo Hills 93, Ri Bhoi 70, West Jaintia Hills 61, South West Khasi Hills 10, Eastern West Khasi Hills 20, South West Garo Hills 15, North Garo Hills Garo Hills 16, East Jaintia Hills 16, West Khasi Hills 18 and South Garo Hills
Although there is a law to ban such smuggling, in Assam, the smuggling of cows for slaughter is very high.
The time demands that the border be resolved as soon as possible.
Mawkyrwat, July 06: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) together with the Central Body today donated money and household items to a school. family in Photjaud Village, South West Khasi Hills District.
Will the government, after the collapse, impose a fine on the owners of these factories for the violation of the law? In fact, they should be fined tens of crores of rupees for flouting the laws and polluting the environment.
Verma, who leads the West Delhi Lok Sabha, has called on Muslims to celebrate the Hindu holiday and accept the decision of the SDMC. Yadav, former Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh, passed away this morning.
“This is just an attempt by some private individuals who want to remove me from the post of State President, but all the office bearers from the area Ri Bhoi don't want this and support me"
Speaking to reporters, KSU Upper Shillong Circle President Samla Shngainlang Sohkhlet said that the KSU Upper Shillong Circle will also take action to follow up on this issue. He also met with the Executive Engineer PHE and also the management of BSC Company to immediately resolve all these problems faced by the residents. (KSU & FKJGP) We will give one day to the PHE Department and the BSC Company to take action before we as the Seng Bhalang take any other measures.
Nongpoh: Police of Pilangkata Out Post, have seized nine bikes from Assamtuh and several border villages from Ri Bhoi, which were hidden by thieves. They are located in the Umtyrnga area of ​​Ri Bhoi.
She also named Marvelene's Inn, which is run by the son of the Minister of Home Affairs, as a crime scene.
If you have any questions, please contact the teachers near the Secretariat.
Engaging and educating the community takes time.
This ranking (99) in the world has also left it ranked 18th among the teams in Asia and has also managed to secure a spot in the 2nd pot of the tournament. FIFA World Cup 2026 Qualifiers (AFC).
In his speech, Bah Adelbert urged all the students to persevere in their studies so that the future of the country will be bright through them.
Doctors in Spain have begun to discover that when some people have blood clots in their legs, it may be that they have symptoms of the coronavirus.
When asked to verify the story that the road to the Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru was blocked by the village leaders in Umsning to demand a school from him , u Kynjatshai went to meet Bah GS Warjri 90 years old, one of the elders who participated in the establishment of this school.
Besides these government offices, Sohkyrbam Domphlang village and three households in Iewmawlong village in Nongpoh will be included in the same list.
longlive Bah Manbha and your party.
Kangana Ranaut will contest against Congress candidate Vikramaditya Singh, who is the well-known minister in charge of road construction in the state.
The committee was led by the CEM of KHADC, Pynïaid Sing Syiem and the Executive Committee. Member in charge of Market, Grace Mary Kharpuri and Executive Member in charge of Solid Waste Management, Victor Ranee.
In the Random Test conducted today, 128 people were tested in Nongpoh and out of these people, 10 people were tested positive. affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.
As it is understood that getting a new shlem will take longer, Bah TL Jyrwa requested the High Court to extend the time after 6 months as it is not easy for them. to carry out the activities of the workers if there is no work.
“This request for Psiar has come.
They eat insects, lizards, insects, lizards and even small snakes.
The NEC is currently meeting to review the Detailed Project Report (DPR) for the improvement and renovation of the market.
He said that the conduct of the elections was successful in both the District Councils and the turnout was sufficient despite the natural disasters, although it was lower than in
They had planned to do this since last months but after the protest against the CAA (Citizenship Amendment Act), where they did not get fuel for vehicles to travel to this village, but now they have been able to accomplish this great purpose.
Therefore, the continued operation of this factory is the only way to bring about a bright future and a decent life for the people here.
However, the lack of the enzyme insulin, which breaks down sugar in the body, is the cause of diabetes, which is more common in those who are overweight.
Dr Donkupar Roy recently said that the suggestion of some MDA allies to contest the MP election without the support of any party cannot be done.
Shillong, Lber 30: In the major states of India, the drafting and implementation of the ban on cow slaughter has been progressing steadily. In Gujarat and Maharashtra, the ban on cow slaughter has been tightened, while in Madhya Pradesh, the slaughter of cows has been equated with murder.
Rangdajied United FC Head Coach Aibanjop Shadap said that the team has all the players ready for the final to be played tomorrow. This is a sign of hope for this club, which although it is the last in the state, but it is eager and determined to win the title. To look back at the SPL title this year, the performance of these two teams, until the end of the round robin, RUFC has managed to win. Mawlai SC beat Shillong Lajong FC 1-0 in the semifinal while Mawlai SC beat Shillong Lajong FC 1-0 while Mawlai SC beat Shillong Lajong FC 1-0 in the semifinal. Mawlai SC beat Langsning FC 2-1. The state government has ordered the police department not to register a case against the retired Director General of Police (DGP) Lajja Ram Bishnoi. on the 19th of this month after a complaint was lodged against him on charges of illegal use of a fake number plate of his vehicle.
Jowai, November, 01: Two children have lost their lives after drowning in a river known as Kdong Umkhangrah behind Haven Cove.
Defense Minister Rajnath Singh has received a detailed briefing from Army Chief General Manoj Pande on the deaths of four soldiers.
Shillong, Nailar 29 : Before the festival season, the Central Government has decided to increase the price of cylinder by T.200 per cylinder to all consumers in the country and This will come into effect from the 30th of this month.
But it has killed millions of Ukrainians.
PSG did not name the players, but the Lquipe newspaper said Neymar was one of those who tested positive for the virus.
On the other hand, Saleng said that it is necessary to bring in various companies in the state so that the youth after completing their studies do not have to leave their state in search of jobs.
The ECC has also alleged that some of those involved in setting up these factories have obtained NOCs from the villages they have created themselves such as Thangiatah, Palawi and others. The villages are not included in the Sutnga District.
Regarding these facts, the woman said that the allegation of the Dorbar Shnong through the media is false because they have already recognized that the land belongs to her.
In South West Garo Hills, there are two cases, one from High Risk and one from Mahendraganj Cluster.
When it says him, it does not mean only man but it means people who trust in Him, whether women or men, which means people themselves.
“I don't know anything about the incident and I know my name that has been accused of this case from the people of my constituency,” said Bah Dorphang.
On the other hand, Bah Charles said that this road has already been included in the PMGSY scheme and the work will start soon.
The Union of Village Authorities of Nongmynsaw Syiemship today met with the Deputy Commissioner of WKH, Bah Garod LSN Dykes regarding the suspension of the boundary talks for the Langpih area.
““It is to be recalled that the Minister of Health and Family Welfare has promised to provide T.2000 after taking away the benefits from the ABF/MBBS, which has not been paid. I've been here for many years,” said Myrsing.
Nongstoin MLA Macmillan Byrsat has donated Rs 4 lakh and a half to Anthony's Memorial Secondary School Pyndengrei. don't be in your own city.
Replying to a question by Mawhati MLA, Bah Charles Marngar on the distribution of rice cookers to anganwadi centers without electricity, the Minister said that the government will take action to provide others. way.
This is a strict warning to the drivers of taxis, sumo or tourist vehicles that if found to exceed the limit or exceed the capacity, they will be fined 200 tyngka per passenger over the capacity and the drivers. without a license shall be fined up to five thousand rupees.
There are also other types of schemes which RTI applicants have received replies from the Soil which has been implemented in Mawkisyiem which will be written in more detail the next day.
The heavenly bodies are, in general, two types, planets and stars.
Furthermore, it is time for the KHADC and JHADC to introduce strict rules and regulations regarding the conservation of the Lum/Khlaw Kyntang and to punish severely those who do so. people/Raid/Hima who are trying to destroy the Holy Forest and Holy Mountains in this beloved country.
The earth is a planet that has the necessities of life according to the scientific discovery.
The surrender of these women came after the Majaw Magistrate lodged a police complaint against them alleging that they were involved in the riots in Motphran on the 26th of last month. .
Speaking to the public, Dasakhiatbha Lamare, said that he is pleased that the NEC officials, who have allocated this money for the construction of development works in the area, have achieved this. Dasakhiat Lamare, has expressed his gratitude to the officers of Ri Bhoi District, who have worked hard to implement this project and it will be a great blessing for the people living in the area. villages in the border area.
The question, he said, is whether there are young people, these days, who have to go abroad to study and even in higher education institutions, like NEHU, who need to get a degree. the PRC, which they have to collect from the office of the Deputy Commissioner.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister, Himanta Biswas Sharma, expressed his pleasure to take part in the ceremony to honor these Sub Inspectors of Police from Assam. He said that up to 578 persons have completed their duties as police officers which is an honor for the state as a whole.
Only Dixie Dean, of Everton in the 1927/28 season, scored 63 goals in all England's top flight, beating Haaland's 52 goals.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Pyniaid said that the launch of various schemes related to Solid Waste Management was after receiving a discussion on the importance of cleanliness in Ri Khasi. , and the Council has also introduced a law known as the Solid Waste Management Act 2020, which has been approved by the Governor of the State and through this Act, the Council has been able to to work with the Hima and Village Leaders to bring about a clean environment.
The opening of the road will last for all these five days until 7 pm on the 8th of June.
Regarding the Iooksi Park Improvement Scheme, ₹10.87 crore has been allocated by the Ministry of Tourism, Government of India through the Swadesh Darshan Scheme. tourist circuit or places where tourists can visit and stay for many days in many places in the same area.
More than 1,000 NPP supporters attended the rally in Rangshken on 29th June 2023 in the presence of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, MDCs Sherborlang Mawlong, Bajop Pyngrope, Lamphrang Blah and office bearers of the NPP Sohiong Constituency.
We are worried about how to deal with the residents and foreigners who work at this health center and we have to take precautionary measures to avoid physical contact with them but it is understood that it is not enough for each village. ", he said.
Shillong: It is an honor for the state to become famous on the map of India as the hub of football in the country, and this is after the Hopewell Elias Higher Secondary School, Diamond Jubilee Cup International Football Tournament
Speaking to reporters, Lambokstarwell Marngar said, “The reason why we came to this place in Ratacherra is because from time to time we have informed the government. The demand for ILP has been going on for 30 years and in 2019 a resolution was passed, but the Indian government I don't know why it has been delayed and the state government has not explained why it has been delayed. There is another law which was passed in 2016 which we know as Meghalaya. Safety and Security Act, we don't understand it yet, so it makes us as an organization that we have to take responsibility for this, and the question now is how many people have been arrested, and those who haven't. “We understand our friends, our brothers and sisters who are on duty here, we respect them. However, as I found out, there are still many shortcomings, from infrastructure, facilities, so how can we expect that only 14 employees here will be on duty for 24 hours? , and this is the fault of the government, this statement to the government is that we have proposed those laws but it is still stingy and this infiltration which has not existed for decades Therefore, we would like to send a message to the government that it should not be disappointed if we take the initiative to open our own talasi mynder gate and to assist these policemen on duty. In this area, too, to strengthen it, because it is a great danger that these people who came from Bangladesh not only have the intention of increasing their numbers in our state, but they have another intention. I'm sorry,” said Bah Marngar.
On the grounds on which it stands to announce to the people, we have seen the acceptance of the people of the NPP as a powerful candidate for the Congress party and here we have seen the lack of attention of the people to the ethnic parties of the state. .
The 37th State Badminton Championship organized by the Meghalaya Badminton Association (MBA) will start on the 21st and end on the 24th of this month. a Tura.
However, this time, when the KHADC was established, they showed that they are the 'khasaitpohji' and the 'tnga mynder-ri'
On the same day, the union leaders met with the Commandant of the District Home Guards East Khasi Hills, Bah Mawdaker Marweiñ to get more detailed information after the union found that many of the factories have Security personnel across the state are provided with foreigners and foreigners are not allowed to work in the country.
How much more the waste of time, energy and money of these parties in this MDC Election 2021 without any results.
It is also the same stadium where the Union Minister in charge of Tribal Affairs, when he visited Tura along with BJP leaders from Meghalaya, alleged that there is a lot of corruption in the construction of the stadium. Stadium.
The lockdown came after an employee was shot dead today and the kidnappers of State Bank of India (SBI) employee Subodh Kumar Misra demanded another T.50 lakh for his release. him.
He said that the house has been built for about six months and the house has turned into a garbage dump for the people living in these areas. People throw all kinds of garbage and it will be a great shame in the eyes of the President, when he visits Shillong, on the 4th March
Out of the 1,605 cases, East Khasi Hills has 956 cases including 26 Armed Forces personnel and 930 civilians. West Khasi Hills District has 51 cases and South West Khasi Hills has 51 cases. There are 3 cases in Ri Bhoi district, 234 cases including 9 Armed Forces and 225 civilians. There are 165 cases including 17 cases from Armed Forces and 148 cases from civilians, 4 cases from South West Garo Hills, 27 cases from South Garo Hills, 50 cases from East Garo Hills and 148 cases from North. There are 19 cases in Garo Hills district.
What happened to those posts which have become vacant due to the promotion of government employees?
Up to 7 IED bomb blasts have occurred in the State in the past three years and these include two in East Khasi Hills, one in Laitumkhrah Market on 10th July 2021 and one in Khyndailad, three in East Jaintia Hills includes one incident at Krishna Colony Lane on 12th November 2020, one incident at Iew Soo Kilo on 26th November 2020 and one incident at Police Reserve Khliehriat on 14th November 1st June 2018 and Sawilgre, East Garo Hills on 18th June
Pari Barman said the order was issued after a division bench of Justices Achintya Malla Bujor Barua and Robin Phukan looked into the case.
The DC promised to take action to complete the investigation into these issues within 10 days.
There are thousands of citizens who respect the laws of the Government who are homeless, without land, who has the right to get any land from the Government? All eyes are now turned to the Government of Meghalaya The Democratic Alliance doesn't know how to do anything and what action it will take on this issue.
Shillong: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) has met with the AEE of MePDCL in Jowai to discuss the problems of the people of Jaintia Hills, due to the increase in bill light in the past few months.
It is hoped that these collections of documents and witnesses will be of benefit to the present and future generations.
The three cases have been resolved between the Government of Meghalaya, the Office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the Shillong Municipal Board.
The union has invited the people to take part in the meeting but not with the intention of throwing stones or drinking bu-aid or with any evil intention but that the people should come with the meeting. prayer.
Of course, it is part of democracy to express one's feelings or opposition to the government, but it should not threaten anyone in any way.
These people fled after they fled from the forest, as the Assam police were trying to arrest them.
In previous studies, drinking only a small amount of alcohol may have the protective effect against cardiovascular disease," he added.
After this, three more persons were arrested while drinking in Jakrem.
Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary of the United Democratic Party (UDP) and former Leader of Nongthymmai Constituency, has tested positive for Covid-19 on Saturday. that is, January 8, 2021.
The HYC Eastern West Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (HYC) has urged all the shops selling dewbilat and even those who do not sell MCL dewbilat not to take advantage of the ban on dewbilat in other markets. part of the state, but should be refused to sell and the public should not buy at all.
Shillong, July 3: U Goldy Warjri, president of KSU Shillong, said that the BSF troops who were supposed to patrol the border, came and sat on the ground floor of the high school. The Hynniewtrep Women's Association (KHUHA) has demanded that the Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri should send an inquiry into the incident which happened on the 29th of this month. Dozens of people were injured in a lathi bomb attack near the Civil Hospital.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) under the leadership of its President, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today sought support for the election of its candidate Balajied Kupar Synrem in three meetings.
What is needed now is that we have a different way of running the cities in the state from the way we run the villages in the countryside.
Maya was delighted when the opportunity opened for her daughter to study a subject that she enjoyed.
At the same time, they also thanked the District Forest Officers, the Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police for taking the initiative to fight against the quarrying in the area.
Shillong: Members of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to protest against the central government's plan to suspend the NEEPCO has opened its office in Shillong without prior consultation with the Government of Meghalaya.
Shillong: The Shillong All Faiths Forum (SAFF) today strongly opposed the state government's plan to pass a law on gambling.
In another match of the 2nd Division, Laitlyngkot beat Mawryngkneng 0-1
He was Bah Let, but he was also called Bah Lait.
At the same time, the Governor said the government is open to talks with the insurgent groups to stop their insurgent activities.
Through this transfer, Bah Vivek Syiem has returned as Superintendent of Police (City) after being transferred as Asst Inspector General of Police (Law & Order), Shillong.
On the 24th of July 2021, 28,000 tympew tree seedlings were cut down from their farmland and on the 27th of July, three Khasi youths were shot dead.
Until now, the people have not seen the cleanliness of the government in terms of economic development.
Shillong, July 21: The farmers of Jongksha area, have been disappointed with the insult and decline in the price of agricultural products but the government has not listened or seen anything to them.
Laitjem scored 146 runs for the loss of six wickets in 20 overs while Manchester Phawa scored 54 runs from 53 balls. Md.Muksodul Choudhury took 3 wickets in 4 overs and Prem Lama took 2 wickets in 4 overs. 4 Over.
