aiKa [24]7.
Meghalaya has been a state since 1972 and this year it has celebrated its 50th anniversary and the state has struggled to develop and improve itself from time to time. in all aspects but one issue that has become a problem in the state is the inability to get a proper border.
He urged the village headmen and the people that if there are officials of the Assam government, who forcibly enter the villages to clear the border without the participation of government officials from Meghalaya and Assam, they should not allow. but they shall not drive them out.
On the other hand, Bah Shabong also criticized the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) for not being able to look after its own border and it is surprising that as the owner of the land. of the land of Hynniewtrep but it cannot do anything.
To survive on other planets or celestial bodies, man needs oxygen and food that can be grown only on this earth.
“Ka seng from time to time reminds that no heavy vehicles should pass through this bridge if the load weighs 40 50 tons because this bridge weighs only 8, 9 tons but no one listens to this. Therefore, we cannot fail to warn and ban completely the heavy vehicles that carry over the border and we also request the residents of the area. “If anyone is found guilty, they should be arrested immediately and punished severely,” said the President of the Circle.
In our time, tourism is one of the industries that we all talk about.
The police raided the HITO ambulance after a clash between the members of the HITO and the police in front of the DC office Shillong on 4th July .
Expressing his desire to make Tura one of the leading cities in the North East, the Minister stressed that there should be adequate Solid Waste Management to improve the city.
In Sutnga Saipung constituency, Congress MLA Shitlang Pale received 15,323 votes. Mawthoh received 13184 votes, Shullai 605 votes, Romeo 175 votes, Samuel 142 votes, Bonney 84 votes and NOTA 102 votes.
“I request you (Ashwini Vaishnaw) to approve the request of Meghalaya as this will allow the educated and unemployed youth of the State to take advantage of the opportunity to be unemployed"
They also explained that if the trees, shrubs, forests and forests are destroyed, all living things from wild animals, birds and meat will become extinct and the worst thing is the extinction of the wildlife. rivers, streams and natural disasters will have a profound impact on people's lives.
In these areas, it was observed that most of the workers were foreigners.
Amlarem, July 07: The Electoral Registration Officer of the 7th Amlarem (ST) Assembly Constituency has announced that it has prepared the list (Amendments) for the publication of the Draft Electoral Roll of the 7th Amlarem (ST) Assembly Constituency. 01-01-2023 as the Qualifying Date in accordance with the provisions of the Registration of Electors (Second Amendment) Rules,
It is to be recalled that in the past, there was a dispute over the ticket of the party congress but now the meeting has unanimously decided to send only one name. The party will not support the DCC and MPCC candidates if there is another candidate besides the one who was elected and participated in the meeting.
“You are an MDC of the NPP but you have decided to join the UDP party, I believe you have a reason why you want to join our party,” he said. President.
Robert A Tang scored the second goal and Modify Sutnga scored the 60th goal.
It is alleged that Paieid's attempt to rape his 4-year-old daughter was discovered at 3:00 pm on Tuesday morning by the mother of the child. there was already a bad suspicion of him.
He said that he and the VPP will not rest from this responsibility but will try to give the best for the future of the youth and the state according to the power of the people. dressed.
The borrowers alleged that Rosita and her sister, Renu Nongbri have the same attitude in which they harass the borrowers and insult them, and Babika alleged that that they forced the children of the borrowers to work in their houses and treated them badly.
“It will make it difficult for the farmers to use tah pesticide because it will require a lot of pesticides and thus it will affect them financially, but they can also use shynrai for this disease,” he said. state.
In the past 24 hours, Shillong received 41.6 mm of rainfall, Sohra 54.5 mm and Umiam 35.6 mm.
East Jaintia Hills Police on Thursday said that on Thursday at 4:40 pm, Ladrymbai Police Station received a tip from the Rangbah Shnong of Ladrymbai Datsympeiñ that a resident of a body in an abandoned shop.
When inquired, the Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) admitted that there is illegal collection of money on the roads by the police, which has caused the department to lose sleep.
On the fourth day, the Lamphang also rejected the question raised by the VPP MLA Adelbert Nongrum regarding the absence of the Dorbar.
He said that what the teachers have done for the students especially during the time of Covid-19 is not an easy task. You can also receive training via mobile phone.
Members of the KSU who stood in front of the gate of NEHU under the surveillance of the police shouted, “We demand ILP, No ILP No Rest.
Bah Paul said that the appointment of members of the District Selection Committee by politicians spoils the image of the appointment as it will lead to corruption and the selection of only the relevant people.
When asked whether the equipment such as X-rays, scanning machines and others will be provided according to the needs, the union will not provide them after the appointment of the employees. operator and for these purposes they have also prepared to invite applicants as all of them have to invite applicants from the Head Office of the Department of Health Services (DHS).
This was told to me by him when I went to interview him on 9-3-2016 at Nongdaju.
No one can escape from this ancient custom in any nation and once escaped, from that path that has been set to teach future generations.
In Jowai, the district administration in collaboration with the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB), Tympang Dorbar, Iawmusiang, CNI, Seinraij Jowai, Police Department and residents of Iawmusiang, commercial vehicle drivers and others participated in the event. strongly in the cleansing of Iawmusiang.
Shillong, June 07: The Khasi National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) on Friday sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District to express its opposition to the proposal of the Shree Hanuman Jayanti USTV Samiti to hold a procession on Good Friday and also the RSS's plan to hold a procession on Easter Sunday in Shillong.
God does not want anything from man, but He seeks the best, not the gold and riches of this world.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 04: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Ranikor Unit has expressed its deep sorrow over the inability of various companies to erect their towers. network connection in the area and this shows that this lack of attention of the relevant authorities has caused many problems to the villagers.
Shillong Lajong coach Bobby Nongbet said that his team will fight as hard as they can to score three points against Sreenidi FC. This time we expect to score three points in this home match.
According to the signs and statements of those who went with him, the man could no longer support himself in the midst of the strong water, so he drowned and lost his life.
The refusal to cooperate with this family is not only the decision of the Rangbah Shnong himself, but also the decision of the people of the village as a whole, because it is a family that has acted against the The youth, women and residents of the village have strongly opposed the village, said Bah Josaiah Shadap. .
This disease causes mental stress and the medicines you use to take at this time affect the health of your body.
God says, “For after that in the wisdom of God the world by wisdom knew not God, it pleased God by the foolishness of preaching to save them that believe.
How is the scheme to clean up the Lukha River? How is the scheme to clean up the Lukha River, it is like a garbage dump.
Mike Ryan, head of the World Health Organization's Emergencies Programme, praised Singapore and South Korea for fighting the disease without the need for complete lockdown.
The two youths who were awarded the prizes are Manbhakupar Iawphniaw from Mawkyrwat and Wanboklang Lyngkhoi from Marshilong village.
There are many ways in which we can express our feelings".
Other speakers included MDC Phasmon, Nehlang Lyngdoh, H. Deolangki Dkhar, Waheh Chnong of Wapungskur and others.
The High Court, while announcing its decision on the bail application, said that Sisodia as a powerful person will be able to force against the witnesses of the incident if he is released. guaranteed.
According to the complaint, signs of damage to this sacred place were found due to the destruction of the trees that grew in this place.
The JMB's efforts will not be successful without the cooperation of the Dorbar Shnongs and urged the Village Leaders to educate the Villagers so that they can dispose of garbage properly.
“However, I have decided to contest without money in a clean manner so that the people can elect the right person,” he said.
Through this group from Goa, the MDCs have learned about their working methods and they too have learned about the working methods of the Zila Panchayat in Goa.
If you are truly patriotic, follow the example of Phan Nonglait to protect your country. During the checking of Trading License by the Sengbhalang and KHADC.
Not only that, there was also a complaint against Irismary Sangriang, the niece of the owner of the liquor shop, for her threat to send insurgents to kill all the heads. men and women shall be forced and raped.
“Customs are the guardians of the country's trade security,” he said.
Some of these vehicles had dropped off the mawshun they were carrying on the way back home.
The funeral service will be held on the 5th July 2013 at Rngain Village, on the road to Pynursla.
He said India also hopes to be invited to play in the Merdeka Cup in Malaysia, which will be held in April this year, as well as the Kings Cup in Thailand, which will open the way for India to host several tournaments in preparation for the Asian Cup to be held in Doha in July,
Shillong, Jymmang 04 : The Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui on Tuesday said that teachers under the banner of FASTOM should have confidence in the government for the achievement of The demands have already been submitted to the State Government.
There were many French and Dkhar troops who surrounded the place where Kiang Nangbah was executed with guns and swords because they were afraid that his followers (Jaintia) might come to release him, but EM .There is a story that there were only a few people at the time of his crucifixion because it affected the faith.
Shillong: The State Government has decided to implement the Meghalaya Epidemic Disease (Covid 19 Regulations) Act 2020 and from now on, the entry and exit of foreigners will be banned and they will be allowed to enter only through Byrnihat. , Ratacherra in East Garo Hills, Saitsama, Umrangsu and Dawki in West Jaintia Hills, Dainadubi and Bajengdoba in North Garo Hills, Phulbari, Tikrikila and Dalu in West Garo Hills and Garobado in South West Garo Hills.
In the first leg, Mawlai SC beat Mawlai SC 4-0 in the first leg.
This BJP government is hypocritical and cannot introduce a law prohibiting conversion,” he said.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Titosster said that the custom and tradition of the Khasi is to take jait from the mother and the KHADC should maintain it but those who want to take jait from the father, please explain how to count the counting.
Lovlina and Nikhat won 7-0 each in their respective categories.
When asked whether he has any opportunity if his MDA colleagues nominate their own candidate for the Shilong Seat, Pala said that each and every one of them will contest for the recognition. and to achieve victory.
Nongpoh: In the friendly match between West Kasa IX and Ri Bhoi United Football Club, Ri Bhoi United FC beat West Karbi Anglong on Saturday. KASA IX won the exhibition football friendly match 6-0
"Bahnah asked. "Where are you going? This food has been cooked here for someone to eat. I don't want to wait yet. Don't hurry..." said Riia.
In fact, the use of OMR sheets in various examinations has sped up the process and the preparation of results has become faster and has reduced the number of errors.
He also confessed that he supplied ammunition to the militants and was also an assistant to the members of the group in Badagazni village to cross the border.
We buy too much until we’re 5, it seems! We buy what others buy.
In areas with heavy rainfall such as Khasi-Jaintia, if these types of fertilizers are used, it is better to apply them about two or three times instead of once.
It is surprising that they don't respond to the byrsieh when the disease is spreading all over the country and the world.
Therefore, in this tournament, Meghalaya needs to be strong enough to play against these prominent teams in Indian cricket.
I don't know exactly where she lives but someone told me that she is from Laityrah but I don't know whether it is her exact village or not.
Mobile shops are also advised not to open their passwords or people who bring mobile phones to shops do not know their passwords. documents to prove that you are the owner of the mobile.
The Disasters Emergency Committee, of 14 UK aid groups, has announced that it will provide emergency aid to the Philippines.
Where is the Congress that has been in power for 50 years? In the morning, there were struggles, struggles that lasted for a long time, until they were destroyed.
Shillong: The Principals of Colleges in the State have requested the Government to start implementing the New Education Policy (NEP) in the State. you're right.
Criticizing the TMC leader and former Congress leader Dr. Mukul Sangma, Saleng said, “Has anyone ever been able to stand as an MLA alone until the end? Why did he leave the people but he left the Congress to join the TMC with the party and not alone?
After receiving the letter, Rupang has also spoken by telephone to the Sordar of Raid Lyngkhat, Babu Kri Tangsong, to inquire from him about these allegations.
They have not seen or heard of the Resurrection.
They admitted that in the past two years, the party has not received any assistance from the government. it doesn't have money and partly because it's not an Olympic entry sport.
In the first semi final which started at 11:30 pm, between MLP FT and PFR FA, the match came to an end where PFR FA won. instead of 0-1 col.
“As the residents and the Forum we cooperate with the Government for the preparation of the border resolution and we want the two Governments to resolve the border peacefully and The Khasi-Pnar people of this area will get their rights.
Kiren Rijiju, in a tweet, said, “I will invite Srinivasa Gowda to be trained by the SAI teachers. of physical fitness.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 15: Police of Khanapara Police Station today found the body of a man lying lyngktar near Hatimara Killing road in Ri-Bhoi district at 9 pm after receiving a tip. by the residents.
Shillong, Lber 1: The JYF-WJR has strongly criticized the SDA (Civil) of Amlarem Sub-Division for allegedly allowing the authorities to invade Amlarem Sub-Division. receive the same shares as the residents of the area.
The Deputy Commissioner said that he will take action and send the matter to the Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District and the office of the Sub Divisional Officer, Amlarem Civil Sub-Division for further action. This was stated by Samla Lurman B. Talang, General Secretary of KSU War Jaintia Unit.
However, it was a huge loss for the other two teams, Sri Lanka and Ireland, who were the only teams that did not qualify for the recent tournament. T20 World Cup.
It shall also ensure that the rules of the District Selection Committee (DSC) have been implemented in the appointment process.
From the problems in the health sector (according to the Massar Committee Report) to the CGI Sheet and the illegal mining of mineral resources and the illegal smuggling of coal which has severely affected the State. , while the villagers trud stone and wood to earn a living.
The people of Israel were wicked in those days, the good were perished from the earth, there was no one righteous among the people. Their hands do evil, the king asks, the judge is corrupt, the great man does evil in his own soul, the enemies of a man are from his own house. Micah 7:1–6.
In addition, he said Canada may continue to face more challenges related to the forest fires especially in the coming months of November and April.
On the other hand, the companies in charge of the lyer have denied this and said that the buyers and users of the lyer have not complained of any problems and everything is going smoothly. - walk normally.
Speaking to media, Bah Charles said that the meeting with the CEM of KHADC was to convey the plight of the synsar farmers in the villages in Block-II. The Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KFAF) has been involved in the illegal collection of taxes from these farmers.
Earlier, the celebration began with a prayer at 8 pm at Ïing Seng Mawkhar and the launch of the Lama Seng.
The two-day programme, organized by the Ministry of Education and the Ministry of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship, aims to provide opportunities for intellectuals, scholars, policy makers, teachers and school children. to discuss the implementation of the NEP 2020 and how to continue to discuss to move forward with this work.
However, these factories, companies, government boards have become increasingly vulnerable these days, with the financial assistance from the central government and there are many opportunities for the government to create opportunities to strengthen them. .
Shillong: Out of 978 voters, 321 votes or 33 percent of the 978 voters have voted for the new government, according to Rupang.com readers. 277 votes or 28 percent of the votes cast for the BJP and its allies in the National Democratic Alliance (NDA).
The order was issued after the PIL petitioner Shailendra Kumar Sharma, who claims to be a social worker and speaks on many issues related to the environment, brought forward facts. regarding the operation of dewbilat factories in East Jaintia Hills District.
Replying to a question by other MLAs, Lahkmen Rymbui said the government is investigating the theft of the question papers and is still waiting for the report of the investigation. He said an FIR has been lodged in the incident.
“On that day, we were assured by the President of a political party that the MLAs who had left to support the other party (NPP) would return.
The people who are still strong in their tradition to preserve their traditional customs of counting from the mother remain in darkness in view of the nationalist spirit of those groups, when they have not yet reached the The true goal for the development of the nation, the goal of achieving it, must be put first.
He also decided to provide uniforms to the participating teams.
" Bahnah replied.
The Bible says – no one knows, except God.
The 14 parties have strongly condemned the proposal to register foreigners in the state.
“If the government says that there is no illegal mining and trading of coal, it is difficult for me and my people to say that there is no smuggling of coal,” he said. coal because we see trucks carrying coal every day.
John F Kharshiing and SG Khongiong, GS EKHDCC, urged the hard work of all to achieve a glorious victory.
He said that the Community Colleges are still there and the department will do it but it is not that but there is a problem.
The questions for those who intend to contest are 'how many billions of rupees do you have to spend to buy votes'
This song has 5 (san) verses, and the author ends the verses with antra – encouragement to our young men and women.
Before the funeral, a short speech was delivered by the Rangbah Seng Khasi, Bah Pran, who congratulated all those who came to condole the incident. Unfortunately, after that, the rituals of the Niam Tynrai were performed by the elders and the coffins were taken to the cemetery.
There are about 500 employees of MCCL who have not received their salaries for 10 months because the management has given reasons why they cannot produce money because the factory has stopped operating for nearly 10 years and is still waiting for the factory to operate. new factory.
“If the army or the police don't work, they just target these syrnot,” said Bah Suja.
He conquered the whole Hima Jaintia and appointed Rajendra Singh as his king.
“We should have issued an Expelled Certificate when we wanted to be expelled but we were sent back the money.
Sangma also thanked Prime Minister Narendra Modi for inviting all the Chief Ministers to hold the walk and spoke about Modi's plan to develop the North East. in the east, in the growth of the par.
Banshai alleged that they were threatened with dismissal by a person who is a big supporter of Maheh, Tibun Jana. “Jana alleged that because we did not vote for Maheh in election times, we should be dismissed," he said.
Shillong, November 14 : The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) and Symbud Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday said that Meghalaya will turn backwards if the people elect the All India Trinamool. Congress (AITC) in 2023.
On this occasion, the Social Welfare Department also held a Solagan writing competition and prizes were distributed to the winners. The student was affected by drug addiction and was unable to do well in her studies due to drug abuse. The slogans written are about the danger of drugs which affects not only the affected families but also the society as a whole.
Due to the postponement of the 3rd Division, the SSA has also had to postpone the Second Division, First Division and Shillong Premier League matches.
Shillong, Nailar 12: U Bah Kester Nongrum and other teachers of St. Rose Secondary School, Umpling have lodged a complaint with the Rynjah Police Station on the 5th of this month. At 12:45 pm, a 9-year-old boy had married a 10-year-old girl who is also a student of the school.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 21 : The Charity Football Friendly Match between the Pastors of Mawkyrwat Zone against the Government Officers of South West Khasi Hills District will be played on the 23rd July, 2022 at 1 pm.
Speaking on the occasion, the Governor praised the USTM for its services in the field of education and encouraging the youth to take part in research.
The result means that they have to score 10 points in this match.
Shillong, Jymmang 09 : The Sohiong constituency on Tuesday witnessed the election of two candidates, UDP candidate HDR Lyngdoh and NPP candidate Samlin Malngiang.
“However, according to the final order of the court, we will sit again, we will talk to the Cabinet, we will talk to the MDA and then we can even convene an All Party Meeting,” he said. .
It is to be recalled that Bah CB Syiem, who was also the MLA candidate from the NPP in the last election, came in fourth place after being defeated by Bah Mayraldborn Syiem. u Kyrtong from the Congress party.
Nongstoiñ: Last month, leaders of the Rambrai Circle, visited Mawbuhtraw village to hold a meeting with the youth of the villages in the area.
In the past, the elders used to tell us that no one was allowed to stay in the market, but now the same place seems to have become a place of rest not for the indigenous people but for the foreigners. , as is often commented on from time to time.
The Shnong Sonapyrdi has expressed its gratitude to this young man who has donated to the residents of the village especially during this time of lockdown when all the poor families are struggling to provide for their needs. shed.
Therefore, the residents urged the leader to look into the many needs of the residents in relation to the development works.
Until the end, Kiang did not back down even though the British government offered him peace and he did not want that peace to become a slave in the country. “If my head turns to the east, the country will be free within a hundred years, and if my head turns to the west, the country will be in slavery forever.” ta" The words of peace, the words of righteousness, the words of holiness as he spoke have come true, within a hundred years the whole country has gained independence and from being enslaved by the foreign rulers who came to invade. this is your country.
And those who are lame and heavy don't need to work, they just worry about their own misfortune until they become Rangbah and work like fish just to get food.
Earlier, Rahul Gandhi, during his election campaign in Rajasthan, had said that India's defeat in the final in Australia was a mistake for the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, who was not present. India will play against Australia at the Stadium.
However, Conrad said, “You don't do it, why do you blame us?” and added, “We will follow up and this government has followed up with the central government and we will have to follow the rules. You shouldn't be afraid because the government hasn't done anything wrong”.
Shillong, Naitung 7: There has been heated discussion among the security forces that some members of the Islamic State (IS) have entered Meghalaya through South Garo Hills District.
Vieussens' arterial ring disease is a different type of blood vessel disease caused by a damage to the connection of the right and left blood vessels that carry blood to the blood vessels.
Among these beauties, there are those who take advantage of these places by setting up drinking places, restaurants and sex shops and polluting the environment.
It is because of the need to consider the Amendment Bill of the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Bill 2015 and 2018 that it was learned that the KHADC has also prepared the Clan Bill. The Amendments to the Lineage Act shall be in conflict with the functions of the Kurs.
We have taken this incident very seriously.
This shows that they are not fit to do the job," he added.
Vitamin K in the body protects against any blood clots in the event of injury.
The song was attended by the tyngshop Rangkynsai Lynshing and the producer Sherilin Khongwar.
What is surprising is that the government is willing to open the big market while it is against the opening of the small market.
It is also to be recalled that yesterday the government through the Minister of Education called a meeting with a group of teachers to explain what they have done in relation to their demands but from On the other hand, the teachers have not been satisfied while the government has not yet issued an order to implement their demand.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James PK Sangma, praised the contribution of the health workers who have worked hard to provide adequate services to the residents of the state.
There was a smuggling of coal in which the SP of Bhoi admitted that there were trucks carrying coal and one incident was registered.
House destroyed by earthquake in 13Mer village, Byrnihat According to information received by this reporter, the sudden ther ther Lapbah happened at 9:30 pm, ha The most affected villages include Tamulkuchi village in Byrnihat and Jerobad villages.
On the other hand, it was observed that there are many Garos living in Assam, Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh and other neighboring States and countries and, therefore, creation of a special dispensation for the Garos of Meghalaya might create problems in identification of Garos coming from States/countries other than Meghalaya.
In 2021, the Assam Police set up a new Police Out Post at Saba near Mukroh.
Speaking to media, the Nongpoh MLA said that if this is the case, it shows that the state government has not taken the necessary measures against the COVID-19 pandemic. He said that Ri Bhoi District is one of the districts most affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, but the plan to turn the place into a hospital for COVID-19 patients has not yet been completed. The government has promised to open it on the 15th of this month.
However, we know that all the posts will not have enough data until 2022 because the result notifications of MPSC, etc. do not show the category-wise break-up of recommended/appointed candidates in the years 1972-2
“Why do you look so sad or sick?” asked Ri and looked at him very differently.
And he said unto them, “This protest is a message to the Government of India to express our opposition to the Citizenship (Amendment) Act 2019, and at the same time to remind the people of the violence of the Government of India against the Citizenship (Amendment) Act “It's the will of the people of the North East,” said Bah Jyrwa.
“I remember that even when he was prime minister he called ministers to request for development schemes to his constituency, and this is his humility,” he said.
Shillong: Assam Police have set up a check gate at Umlaper in Raid Nongtung to conduct searches on vehicles passing through the check gate. On the night of 23rd July 2021, they conducted a search on a vehicle of Khasi youths from Umlaper village and during the search they shot and beat these Khasi youths.
The figure is a report compiled by the National Statistical Office (NSO) through a survey of farmers which has been conducted for 10 years.
The Union Minister today arrived in Shillong for two days to inspect the implementation of various schemes from the central government.
Restrictions under many regulations are still in force in a number of areas.
Rev Andrew Marak met with the Holy Father of the Catholic Church, Pope Francis today at the Vatican.
In response to a question by the court, the Central Government said that the CISF will be able to monitor the transport vehicles.
Meanwhile, the Meghalaya High Court did not want to challenge the roster of Government employees, leaving it to the Government to decide.
Furthermore, the JSM has demanded that the Government should upgrade the Laskeiñ C&RD Block to a new Civil Sub-Division.
In Muktapur, the inspection will be conducted on the 12th.
Iranian Foreign Minister Hossein Amir-Abdollahian on Tuesday inaugurated the new Iranian Embassy in Syria to look after Iranians who have been sent to Syria. don inside Syria.
The EJNC-KWU has extended its special thanks to Bah E Kharmalki for taking the initiative to provide compensation to Vesper Lamare who lost his livestock.
These are the characteristics of those shepherds of the children of Israel of whom Jeremiah spoke.
East Khasi Hills SP Davies R Marak said police have received a complaint and are conducting investigation into the incident.
He urged the people of Jaintia Hills to give their full support to the NPP in this election. During the fight against Covid-19, but it has been seen especially on social media that there have been many types of rumors.
He said that before he became the Chief Minister of the State, many of the villages in the border areas were backward because people still believed in the “Status”. Quo" and if the State Government introduces development projects, Assam opposes and if Assam introduces Meghalaya, Meghalaya opposes and in the end the villages and residents lag behind.
The Israel Defense Force (IDF) says the air and ground offensive is going smoothly in areas where it has gathered accurate intelligence in parts of the Gaza Strip.
Recently, there was an agreement with the Bodo group and after many years of fighting, the Bodo groups came to an agreement.
The FIP is a scheme under which the Water Resources Department plans to build dams, drainage systems in rice fields and many other projects.
The 150th death anniversary of Pa Togan Nengminja Sangma was commemorated on November 12 at Chisobibra village near Williamnagar, East Garo Hills.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh as the chief guest and Bah Balajied Ranee MDC Nongpoh as the chief guest at NSCA Pahamsyiem Stadium in the presence of Rev. DR Suting Secretary of the Managing Committee; Principal of RBP Higher Secondary School, Bah Jedwin Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong Pahamsyiem, teachers and students who took part and divided into 7 houses.
“The construction of the Ram Temple has not been completed yet as the highest part remains to be completed and how the pranpratishtha ceremony will be held.
There will also be an exhibition of handicrafts, food items and a wide range of products made by entrepreneurs and shgs groups.
Speaking on the occasion, Rakkam said it is necessary to raise public awareness on the dangers of drug trafficking and how to eradicate drugs from the society.
He said that on his part, as the Syiem of the Hima, he has sent a letter to the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, to urge him to send officers from the District Council, to leave. They have inspected the area where the road has been illegally dug by Assam, as it is still under the Nongspung Hima of Meghalaya.
When I talked to the students, they expressed their sadness and sorrow because when they wanted to attend classes, they couldn't because of the lack of network.
He said that the party has also met with the Lumdiengjri Police Station to take action against the spread of false news to intimidate the people.
She said that according to the rules, teachers who are employed must have passed the HSSLC and must have scored 45% and must have completed a Diploma in Elementary Education (D.EL.Ed) of 2 years or 4 years for Bachelor in Elementary Education (B.EE) or 2 years for Diploma in Education (Special Education).
No Entry has been imposed from Mahavir Point to Umshyrpi Bridge and Anjalee Civil Pump.
"I can say that we will receive financial support from the federal government," he added.
Shillong: The JSU War Jaintia Circle, led by its President Eddy Kery Pohtam and General Secretary Kerrydiam Lamin, has demanded that the government should repair the road at Tamabil which is also the place used for the construction of the road. Create an Integrated Check Post – Dawki.
Planting only one species in one area is like preventing the death of insects and the lack of involvement in the villages to save and maintain the forests is a poor policy.
The trial will be for children under 18 years old born between 2006 and
When asked how happy and happy they are to visit the two elderly mothers, they said that they will continue to grow in this field especially. to have mercy on the poor.
In the second leg, Thangskai Tiger SC beat Moolamanoh SC 1-0
It was also discussed that teachers will be trained by Irish teachers through the Global School Room for 3 years which is 2 months per year and these teachers will provide training to rural teachers.
Replying to a question, the Lamphang of Arunachal Pradesh said that the Arunachal government has no intention of withdrawing the ILP from the state.
Khliehriat, Iaiong 14 : For those vehicles attending the Assembly service to be held at Sutnga Church on Sunday, 40 parking spaces have been arranged. No Entry is allowed.
Vivek immediately went to help him, but he drowned himself.
The KSU Amlarem Area Unit Ram Khyriem and Vice President Ram Khyriem together with the Organizing Secretary Leningrad Tariang on Tuesday held a meeting to discuss the construction of the bridge. inspect this bridge.
The deforestation is the main cause of soil erosion, thus causing water shortages.
don't do politics for the benefit of the people.
The seized persons were handed over to the Custom Department, East Khasi Hills, Meghalaya.
"The head of the investigation team said that Chatterjee has been accused of earning illegal wealth by traveling illegally and conspiring to appoint illegal employees to many people. institutions of the Ministry of Education.
It was our own people (Khasi) who took and quoted some of the words or verses from this song which John Robert composed and made into the words of the Ieid Ri song.
Mayraldborn Syiem said that there are 23 border villages in the Nongpoh Constituency, which have not yet received those development schemes, because they have not been included in the list. of border towns.
Although the KHADC has ordered the company to stop operating, the residents of the area complained that the company is still operating without listening to the order of the KHADC. officers to inspect again, and during the inspection they found that some parts of the company have built the necessary structures to protect the waste, and some of the work is underway, but They found that the company is still operating as usual which is against the order of KHADC, and they also found that in Khlieh Umtrew Tdoh Umsiang the work is going smoothly where the EM of Trade and Industry. admitted that the company did not respect the order based on a report brought by officers.
On this occasion, the office of the Superintendent of Police West Jaintia Hills District also had the opportunity to visit another orphanage – the Sacred Heart SD Convent which is located inside the village.
A complaint has been lodged with the Jowai Police Station to arrest the suspects who were involved in the shooting of the Waheh Shnong of Muskut.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawiambei, Bah Sitring Marbaniang, said that Lowis Sohphoh had erected the cross on the stone without asking permission from the Dorbar Shnong of Mawiambei.
However, Langsning scored another goal in the 57th minute through Arnesius Marwein who scored the first goal of the match. Wilbert Marbaniang did not score.
The death toll was 17 from East Khasi Hills, one from North Garo Hills and one from Ribhoi District.
These laws are also a sign to put in writing the customs of the Jaitbynriew.
Last year, the state government had issued an order for 4 wheelers and 2 wheelers to carry oxygen tanks when they go to visit the higher places.
The KSU has decided to celebrate this day as the day when Syiem Tirot Singh fought against the British Government on the 4th June,
The two persons still in custody are Philinto Rynjah, former sirdar, and Biwelson Mawkon.
After the establishment of the Khnong Blai, all the participants including the Kmai Raij and the Khon Raij left Iawmusiang at the same time with joy and happiness to return to their respective villages with a smile. the bomb and the explosion of the Bhuri or Tangmuri and the Chew Chew.
Speech was delivered by Bah Michael Kharsyntiew, Leader of the BJP Meghalaya.
Meanwhile, Congress leader Zenith M Sangma said that before Bah Lapang joined the NPP, he had already known.
They were identified as M. Tuanbiaklian Guite, 32, of Churachandpur, Manipur and Imliakum Longkumer, 40, of Dimapur, Nagaland.
He said that the state has a lot of siej and the siej is not only used for the production of paper, but can also be used for the production of electricity. Bio Energy, through this initiative, he said, can create jobs for many youth.
According to the KSU, the Shelter Home has been abandoned by the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) and has turned into a drug den.
Therefore, with this letter I urge and request the authorities or owners of this school to take action to find ways and means to clean it up.
The Karbi love and respect the Khasi Pnars with whom we have lived together since ancient times and we feel you as our Rangbah brothers.
Speaking on the demand for salary increase, Bah Rymbai said that the Additional Chief Secretary has informed that the department is still considering the matter as the state is currently in financial crisis.
Earlier, the state government had examined the agreement whether it could become the purchaser of land in this area and hand it over to the companies but this has caused problems to the Forest Department and it has had to withdraw. follow this purpose.
The suspects have been appointed to work at the new police station at Mawryngkneng, about 50 km from Shillong.
HSPDP Nongstoin candidate Vincent H Pala and D. Jyndiang at the inauguration ceremony of the foundation stone in Tiehsaw. Shillong Parliamentary Seat Speaker Vincent H Pala was also present at the inauguration ceremony.
They don't have the right to demand roads, schools, hospitals, jobs because they haven't been paid for.
Furthermore, the federation has also set another date for the title match if the weather conditions cancel the entire tournament.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Circle on Tuesday visited the Mawïong Integrated Market to check the documents of foreign traders who sell tyrpad and synsar at Mawïong Integrated Market. Mecofed.
Before the meeting, Ms Merciful Kharlyngdoh read about the history of the Tehsonglang Village Organization Photjaud which started in 2017 and has 18 Self Help Groups (SHGs) under its jurisdiction. until now that they have received a full office space for the implementation of the activities of the SHGs within the village.
In another incident in April, a policeman was shot dead by unidentified robbers at Allahdad Ground near Sharafi Goth in Karachi district of Pakistan.
Meanwhile, the Border Security Force (BSF) has banned the implementation of the MGNREGA scheme or 100 days bill scheme during the day and sent them to work at night.
“We delivered them on Wednesday morning so that they could study on Thursday, Saturday and Sunday for three days.
Regarding the charge under Section 307 of Jeskalur, Kharkrang said that this is not a charge against him under Section 307 of the Attempted Murder Act but a case under Section 307 of the Act. He said that the registration of case 307 was due to the difference in the incident of Jaslakur's collision with the prime minister's vehicle.
The JSM has asked the DC's office whether he doesn't know that the Waheh Shnongs and the Dorbar Shnongs have a strong power in the field of khadar administration and this is also known by the Government Act through the Jaintia Act. Article 31(11) of the Hills Autonomous District Council Act 2015 clearly states the powers of the Waheh Shnong.
Ankur then replaced Prasad after being dropped, and Ankur tied for 58 (not out), and managed to raise 65 with Palzor before losing his wicket. not nine.
General Secretary: Ma Evergreen Shylla 4.
The four VPP MLAs who have left include Nongkrem MLA Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, Mawlai MLA Brightstarwell Marbaniang, North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum and Mawryngkneng MLA. constituency bah Heavingson kharpran.
After being sworn in as the 15th Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, while addressing the media in Guwahati on Monday, urged the chief of the party ULFA(1), Paresh Baruah to cease armed conflict and come to the negotiating table to bring peace and stability in the state as a whole.
Speaking at a meeting held at Narwan, Bah Lamsuk Langstang, said that the farmers of soh ñiamtra in the village have to clean their soh before selling it to the market because He also expressed the same concerns as expressed in the memorandum and urged the Minister to take action and order them. owners of coke factories to use adequate air filters to avoid the emission of polluted air so that the residents, plants and the environment will not be affected by the air poison, foul smoke from coke plants.
Farmers will get more benefits – They don’t need to spend extra for urea as it continues to be available at reasonable prices.
“We have already written and discussed with the Minister of Education in the state, but on his part, he has insisted on appointing replacements by those who have passed the MTET. As teachers who have taught for many years, we will protest if the government does not allow them once again to take the MTETexam,” said Ms Suchiang, speaking on behalf of the teachers.
We will ensure that in 2023 the UDP will lead the state.
However, we don't know what the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia think after the election of the Congress party in the last MP elections, because the party has only 52 members in the Lok Sabha and has not been elected. The number of members in the dorbar bah and thus the development of the economy, we cannot escape from the BJP government.[rms]
“I resigned from the government after I met with my family and not after Bah Ardent sent me when I contested the mid-term MDC election after the resignation of the former MLA of Sohiong,” he said.
“We still have time to register and link Aadhaar to all those who have jobcards by November 2023,” the source said.
In addition, you don't have to worry about shane shatai.
Talking about the events of these days we see how the power of corona virus is working hard on people especially in India where many souls have lost their lives, many of them and how many people They live in suffering, anxiety, unemployment, and many anxieties and struggles.
“It is an ongoing matter and for our part, we are continuing to monitor this issue with the Indian government,” Sangma said in reply to a question by an opposition legislator. the VPP of Mawryngkneng, Mr. Heavingstone Kharpran.
The Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma, today said that there are still about 18,000 teachers in Meghalaya who have not completed their training. training centers.
Shillong, July 25: Speaking at the National Voter's Day celebrations at the SoSo Tham Auditorium, the Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, PK Naik, today expressed his gratitude to the people of Meghalaya. Meghalaya has ranked first in the country in terms of the turnout of voters on the Electoral Roll. “It has become the first state to reach the highest number of voters according to the names on the electoral roll,” said Naik.
Norbert Daju said that if this continues even during the rainy season, they will have to appeal to the authorities and even to the court.
Historians say that 1815 was a year without rain because of climate change and plague.
Besides competing with others, you should also have a deep understanding of how to run a business,” said Kong Patricia.
He said the Sengbhalang demands that the government should immediately build the exit and entry points for people into the state.
The song is composed by Vashi Diengdoh, the make up artist is Banpyntngen Dkhar and the dance teachers are Vashi Diengdoh and Bansynshar Khongstid.
The training will be conducted by Tenzing Tsering, an Ayurvedic practitioner from New York.
Speaking to media, C Kharkongngor said, “I have sent police and teams to investigate but because the road is bad and far away, but I am still waiting for the report.
They initially set op Dey with a headscarf and when she ran away, they cut off her head with a sdie and a cutting machine.
Regarding the Tura Medical College, Ms Ampareen said that the construction of the medical college is in progress.
On 30th July, police arrested Rojestar Kharbikhiew and charged him under sections U/S 177/179/185 of the Motor Vehicles Act,
Khliehriat, Jymmang 15: In collaboration with the District Tuberculosis Officer, Jowai, the CSR department of Star Cement Company today distributed tea kits to those who have tuberculosis. Tuberculosis (TB) cases at Pamra Paithlu PHC, East Jaintia Hills District, as part of the Community Support Scheme.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government cannot promise to bring back all the villages that have arrived in Assam; However, we will try to raise these issues again in the second phase of the border settlement to discuss these Khasi communities who have been transferred to Assam since
Speaking on the employment opportunities, the Governor said that the Government intends to train 1.5 lakh youth in the skills available to them over the next five years through the Skill Meghalaya Programme.
When she has received that jait along with her children, she claims not to own the land and wealth in the name of the Khasi jait, while the religion is not a custom to interfere with hers. Our Khasi husband, because the custom of the Khasi religion does not allow us to mushlia that.
Daphibanker Phawa was beaten until she almost cut off her hair.
“Those who work in the house have always had to pay their rent, loans and if they don’t they are suffering.
In 2023, 310 cases of crimes against women were registered and 245 cases were crimes against children.
The reporter came to the house of Bah Sokon.
T 4,000 crore has been returned to Delhi without being used why haven't we used this money,” said outgoing MLA Saleng A Sangma.
Regarding the rumor of the removal of Bah Ernest Mawrie who is the State President of the BJP after the party meeting held on 3rd June 2023, Bah Hek said that he was present at the meeting from the beginning but left the meeting before it ended but according to the discussion at the meeting there was no such discussion but there was a discussion only about the the recent elections.
Shillong, July 7: U Mukul Sangma is afraid of the BJP and the HNLC, especially if the Presidential rule comes in the state, said a statement from the party, issued in Khasi today.
Without this, it will be very difficult to operate and there must be determination to fix this.
There are also some who have a little more land but they cannot farm because they don't have a job.
Just as bih is used in the manufacture of medicines, so the Jaitbynriew urgently needs intellectuals to lead and develop discipline and uniqueness.
In Bethlehem Jesus Christ was born.
However, he said that today, the doctors, have visited and decided to open another 25 quarantine facilities, so that those who have just arrived, can stay in these rooms to see. specifically, whether they have covid or not.
At the same time, he said that the Congress has collapsed over time after many leaders have left the party and joined the BJP. Jowai, Jymmang 29: The Khasi Students' Union (Jowai) Circle) under the leadership of Vice President Samla Morning Pasi, General Secretary Samla Nidapoi Shadap, Education Secretary Samla Conard Sana of Jowai Circle, President Samla Ladaplin Hayong and and Members of the Jowai Circle, visited the Govt Girls' Hostel at Mynthong, Jowai.
We see that there is a danger that our nation will disappear and be destroyed. Those people who oppose this law are those people who are no longer from the Khasi nation and the Khasi blood is no longer there. said Mr. Shylla.
“The party has nothing to do with this and therefore, we have withdrawn our support to your party,” said the letter from the HSPDP sent to Conrad Sangma. The party has withdrawn its support from this 3rd October,
Shillong, Jymmang 21 : After 131 years of establishment, the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Higher Secondary School (KJPHS) has suddenly turned into a fire. The fire broke out between 1.30 and 2 pm on Sunday morning.
The FASTOM leaders from the area have requested the government to look into their problems and urged the Minister of Education who is the MLA of the area to look into their problems. the problems of teachers across the state.
It also approved to extend the service of Col Gautum Rai, Director Military Board and Col MS Singh, District Military Welfare Officer, Tura for three years.
Mr. David Arnold Kharchandy has completed his Ph.D.
Langsning have now rested for several days before their match against TRAU on the 13th of this month.
The problems can be overcome only through the cooperation between the government and the farmers. It is the farmers who know where the burden is, not to be explained outside by officers or government officials from their desks. .
In another incident, a truck reportedly collided with a group of funeral processors in the northeastern Turkish city of Kahramanmaras.
The meeting was attended by the National President of the party, Conrad K. Sangma, MP from Tura Parliamentary Constituency. the Party, State Unit and Bimol Saikia, one of the leading leaders of Byrnihat.
Besides, they are also members of the Regional Committees, said Prestone.
There are about 20 such buildings in the state and only in Ri Bhoi there are three such buildings. Mawtari Myrdon which falls under Umsning Block, Nongrim Synjai under Umling Block and another under Jirang Block, but none of these buildings have been fully operational, but have been suspended only halfway without being completed.
“I will go to the places where they are placed around the area,” said Bah Ronnie.
This decision was taken at a meeting held at the office of the Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong who is also the Chairman of the High Level Committee. and Municipal with officers.
The vehicles from Assam came to Meghalaya and from Meghalaya to Assam.
Earlier, R Awasthi retired from the post on 30th November 2018 and Agarwal was temporarily appointed to look after the post, besides his previous position as Head of the Prisons Department.
That is why Jesus said that this Gospel of the Kingdom (Heaven) would be preached in all the world for a witness to all nations.
Regarding the lack of school and college heads, ASWA today submitted a petition to the government to immediately fill these vacancies so that it will not affect the schools and colleges. their work.
The DC of East Khasi Hills has also urged the people not to worry about buying too many food items as the Meghalaya government will provide food items to every village. taken advantage of by the sellers.
According to the union leaders, they have spoken to the contractor, and according to the contractor, the reason for the suspension of the building is due to the lack of money government.
Relatives of Bah Marbaniang have expressed their suspicion that there was something behind the death of Bah Marbaniang, although the police have admitted that he committed suicide.
The ECI has already announced that it will investigate the violations of the MCC election rules by monitoring or otherwise. and he shall not be able to punish them, whether they are small or great.
Another issue that Dr. Aman spoke about was the textbooks in schools.
Shillong, Lber, 16: The Executive Engineer of PHE Electrical Division (PHE) has announced that there will be a shortage of water supply for three days. from the 18th to the 20th of this month for the cleaning of the Umsohlang River and other urgent works.
Shillong: The meeting of the Rangbah Shnong, CCIB, together with the police of Pynursla and Dawki on 15th July at IB Dawki, on Tuesday decided that Vehicles are no longer allowed to park from Wahkdait to Dawki on the NH 40 as it has caused traffic jam and traffic jam.
The authorities had taken up this issue with the Standing Finance Committee in 2017, and after that they demanded to create 100 more Faculty posts and 40 more posts of Senior Residents in the Department of Anesthesiology.
The Dorbar Kur Nongkhlaw also awarded special honors to those members of the Kur Nongkhlaw who have brought fame and glory to the Kur in their studies and activities.
He said that during his journey in the area to seek support, many people have expressed their desire to change the political system and promised to give their support from secret.
The celebration was held at the Jerusalem Stadium, Chutwakhu.
At noon, 10 platoons of CRPF of F67 BN came to collect the bodies of their men, but no one could be identified except one identified as Sunil Sharma. .
“As the Government has requested for our cooperation, we are ready to come to the negotiating table, we are ready to take our time and agree on any issue if the Government gives us a written commitment. ," he added.
Shillong, Jymmang 16 : As the elections to the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly approach, the national political parties are struggling to use their powers to mislead the people.
“According to the law, the elections should be held within six months and Selsella should hold the elections before October,” said FR Kharkongor.
Earlier, BJP leader AL Hek, who is also a government minister, said that as the party's leading party, it should nominate candidates for the MP elections but that will depend on the party. rai and headquarters in Delhi.
He said that the party will continue to monitor the implementation of this scheme and will not allow the government or agencies to ignore this scheme. Those who are entitled to receive electricity should have full electricity and if there is any misuse, the organization will not forgive and will act according to the law.
Recalling the thoughts of his father, PA Sangma, he said, “The seeds of the thought that education is essential for society have been planted since he my father is still the leader of the party.
Slovak authorities on Friday said Slovak Prime Minister Robert Fico survived life-threatening injuries after being treated for a gunshot wound while leaving from the headquarters when the meeting with his government's Ministers opened on Tuesday.
These Jews could not cast out demons but only the Apostle Paul, so the name of the Lord Jesus was glorified.
These include EGH: 3, EKH: 63, RBD: 2, SWGH: 1, SWKH: 1, WJH: 13 and WKH:
At the time of writing, it is not clear who will clear the area with a puh shilum to provide easy access to the Malidor River, which falls on the Meghalaya-Assam border (Barak Valley).
It is also a fact that if these schemes announced by the government work well and those who apply for these schemes get all those who are entitled to, it would have been a great blessing to the people of the state. , especially for those who really want to stand on their own feet.
How does it work without borders? Jaintia Hills got its own District Council in
This is a slavery that the government should completely free.
This revelation comes from the waters that flow from a heart that is deeply concerned especially for our country and the Hynniewtrep people as a whole.
Shembha Lamare, Fidia Suting and Ripynskem Lamare from the NYKS office also gave explanatory speeches on the youth assistance programs.
“The clear message we send to the Government of India from time to time is that it should stop the uranium mining in our state,” he added.
The arrest was made after receiving a tip that some Bangladeshis had illegally entered India through the Dona River near Umkiang. Bangla while the others escaped.
Shillong: The Deputy Inspector General of Police (DIG) Eastern Range, Davis Marak, today said that the police department has taken steps to investigate and track down the suspects who claimed to belong to the “ka The future is bright"
Nongpoh: Some residents of Umlaper, Raid Nongtung and Block-2, have told this reporter that if the number of parties decreases too much, they will lose hundreds of thousands of dollars. This has caused suffering to the Khasi people living in the border villages.
So far, teams from more than 30 countries have arrived and more will arrive on Monday night.
We forget about the meat but this too is a good meat to eat even if it is not eaten by the public like the meat of Masi.
What we have done in 2019 and what we will do in
The commission's order comes after the Supreme Court's order, which criticized the commission's reluctance to prosecute those who violate the order of the Election Commission.
According to reports, seats for Messi's match cost up to $110,000 and the price of tickets is posted on the Vivid Seats website.
In the fourth verse, the lyrics of this song say, “Ri Khasi, ri Khasi, I have mercy on you.
Many have been deceived by SMS and phone calls from people claiming that they have won lakhs of lottery tickets and should have deposited money to deliver them but they are just fraudsters.
Through this increase in the price of loans by the RBI, banks will also increase the interest rates they lend to the public.
In another incident, on 26.02.2024, police found the body of Garnet Sangma, aged 50-56, lying lyngktar behind the toilet. Don't miss the bus stop at Mawlong Market, Shillong.
Group B: Punjab, Haryana, Odisha, Delhi, Ladakh, Bengal.
We stand with these families who have suffered this tragedy at this time,” the party said in a statement.
Former CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngaiñ.
The highest number of cases today are 23 health workers and others.
Shillong: The KSU Sengkmie through its Education Cell has invited all the students of the Khasi community from various colleges and universities to come and take part in the public meeting of the Khasi Author Society ( KAS) will be held on the 22nd of this month at Madan Malki to demand the inclusion of the Khasi language in Article 8 of the Constitution of India.
He recalled the Ministers of the Hima Sohra who had asked Syiem Borsing to temporarily leave his Christianity in order to appoint him as Syiem again on the throne he held. it is a garment that can be worn as you please and that is worn forever.
However, it is only recently that the state government has tried to resolve this issue.
If you are unable to register online, you can register through the form posted at the Entry Point, but if you are found entering the state without registering, you will be punished according to the law. .
The incident occurred near Jalukbari Flyover in Guwahati, Assam.
They said that after the suspension of the work, Bah Kimfa Marbaniang, MLA of Rambrai Jyrngam, has visited the village to meet with the people, but until now he has not been able to complete the work. This is because the Assam police have the right to use force.
The victory of Joe Biden as the new president of the United States has brought to an end the term of President Donald Trump, who is still in office once.
There have been 440 villages that have received electricity during this year.
“I don't blame the PDF, HSPDP, UDP or VPP, we will work together because the VPP alone cannot win to lead the Government, we will join hands after this election,” he said.
Speaking to media, HYC Chief Leader Robertjune Kharjarin said that the meeting was held after members of the HYC Umdohlum Circle and South West Khasi Hill District together with the HYC Umdohlum Circle and South West Khasi Hill District. The Minister of State for Uranium Waste has inspected the sites and found that besides the 4 uranium waste dumps, 2 more have been found.
“The National Highway from Shillong to Dawki has some problems, one is the Pynursla Bye-Pass. We are still starting to survey because there is a gap, Mawshun has been allocated land and half has not been allocated.
Here I remember the word “Riang”, the tradition of our ancestors: but we take it for granted especially in this age of fashion.
• In essential departments, one department should fall under the purview of the Government but private sector companies will also be allowed.
Speaking on Saturday, Prestone said that in fact the BSF's job is on the border, but due to the smuggling of cattle, the BSF has been patrolling the border to curb the smuggling.
Khliehmawlieh and Rangdajied met in the MSL 2019 and RUFC won 1-0
Speaking to reporters, John F Kharshiing said that he received Chiranjib's resignation letter last night, in which he wrote clearly that he has decided to resign. He resigned immediately and the reasons he expressed in this letter were for personal reasons and needs and for his family.
“We have not thought about this, as you can see that we did not do well in the last MLA elections especially in Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
The RBTEDF has arranged to hold a walk to the site to promote it as one of the most beautiful tourist sites in the world. while the Kur Makri was performing a kñia ka khriam at that place.
Forty-five Hill State Wrestlers from all over Ri Khasi Jaintia were also honoured.
"On the part of the President of the Seng Kmie, Bah Dundee Cliff Khongsit, he expressed his gratitude that the ambulance will be a blessing and benefit to those families who need it. service of this ambulance.
In this regard, Telangana Police have accelerated the operation and have been able to identify and find the children at Kazipet Junction.
The JHTOA today started blocking trucks carrying dewbilat and clinker to Lower Assam including Silchar, Kalain, Karimganj and other places.
Donbok said this to the media at the party headquarters, after which the police lodged a complaint and registered a case against the party leaders, alleging that the party has violated the To the law.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, u Bah SNRly Rongrin President of HYC Mawshynrut Circle, said that it is true that there are many shortcomings in the hospital.
Ms. B.Nongrum, Field Investigator gave a presentation on the price regulation of medicines and a brief explanation on pricing, Drug Regulatory System in India, National Pharmaceutical and Pricing Authority, Drug Price Control Order (DCPO), 2013, Consumer Awareness, Publicity and Price Monitoring (CAPPM), Pharma True Price among others.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Sweetymon said that in the past, when he wrote a book, he didn't just take information but he went to the mountains, to the rivers.
In total, there were more than 200 youths who came in the first place and when distributing the awards to these 200 youths, the MLA Jirang, gave a cash prize of T.2,000 each. Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Wailadmiki Shylla, u Bah Wailadmiki Shylla, congratulated the students. Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, for taking the initiative to honor those students who have passed the SSLC examination. Nongpoh: The Hima Khadar Lyngdoh, Nongpoh District, has confirmed the SSLC examination of Jowai Constituency. Bah Celestine Syngkli as the full Rangbah Shnong of Nongkhrah and at the same time, the members of the Executive Committee of Nongkhrah were also confirmed.
“At the meeting we held last night, we unanimously decided to continue the night curfew from 10, 11, 12, and 13 November, 2013 from 7 pm to 5 pm on all four nights,” said Frederick in a statement.
Commenting on the sudden growth of the university, Co-ordination Manager Dr Mahesh Jaitely said that this growth is due to the change in the sports policy in which the university has started to grow.
Bah Renikton also hoped that this issue could be resolved through cooperation and peace.
“Sohphan is a soh that has not been cultivated by humans because it grows well without the need to plant,” said Kumar.
The All Jaintia Cricket Association (AJCA) invites all players to participate in the Open to All Cricket League 2022 which will be held in October this year.
In an interview with the Rangbah Shnong of Khlieh Umtrew Tdoh Umsiang, it is understood that although the Ri Syiar Company has been closed down, it is still open. The sheep are still in the area where the company is still breeding them.
Earlier, the DC had warned that no one should be forced to close shops and directed the police to ensure that the members of the union are not allowed to forcibly close shops. direct them to report to the police.
The sugar was purchased from Shillong and Assam at 50 tyngka per kilo and smuggled to Bangladesh at 140 tyngka per kilo.
On the other hand, Bah Ernest Mawrie said that he will discuss the incident with the Chief Minister so that there will be peace in the area. .
The Rapid Chess Championship was organized by the East Khasi Hills District Chess Association.
They are from Waithou Chiru village, where they complained of headaches, weakness and stomach pains.
“Whoever wins! the sound of the voice of Lei – Muluk.
The confusion between the HSPDP has appeared after Bah Nongsiej and Bah Mawsor left to support the PDF in recent months.
It is learned that last night the child left home with a friend on his motorcycle to go shopping at 9.30 pm but suddenly when they reached the place they were bombed. He was taken to Woodland Hospital and admitted to the ICU. There are about 20 robbers.
As a reminder, because we are discussing the Border issue in Ri Pnar and their problems, the following villages and some other villages which have not been mentioned here which fall under BLOCK-I which fell before the year 1951 in Labang Nongphyllut and Pangam Raliang Districts such as Khanduli, Thangrong, Deinler, Aitchrieh, Madan Nongkylla, Phlephle Myrten, Later Samayang, Arbon, Phlang, Amju, Umsalait, Later, Pdein Chargan, Moorap, Moapkhi, Sarlong Sumnor, Moori. Moowjem Chnong Thymme, Lang-et, Moorap, Lummoojem, Mokoilum Umkhyrmi, Moothade, Moorap, Khyndeliar, Khyndeliar, Madan Mynni, Nongjrong, Moorap, Lummoojem Rainfall: Raksaw, Paidong Plain, Rhikyndeng, Umplung and Psiar.
Deirisa Joy Sutnga, volunteer of Green Tech Foundation and NYVs of Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan Jowai, also spoke on the theme of World Environment Day
He said that last year the price of petrol has increased to 92 to 95 tyngka per litre while in 2022 the price of petrol has increased to 147 tyngka per litre.
However, the victims will now have to receive information within 90 days on the outcome of the appeal.
Many people don't care about their health and the food is no longer adequate, but people still eat other bad foods such as smoking and eating khaini, raja and others.
Investigation is ongoing into the allegations against the health workers in Bihar.
Speaking on the surprise of the AAP in Delhi, Kharshiing said that in this state, it may not be possible but it is necessary to explain and work before the people. get the change.
On the other hand, Kong E.Kharchandi, District Social Welfare Officer, Ri Bhoi, said, “Besides understanding the negative impact of drugs on the society, we should also understand that we should not despise them, but we should support them and guide them in the right path because they need our help to overcome and recover from the disease.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The decision of former Vice President of the KSU Frederick Kharmawphlang to join the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has been a loss for the party but they have to respect his decision.
Medical education is only for dental, physiotherapy, BSC nursing and pharmacy and not for MBBS course.
Other Khasi brothers who went to fight, although they did not meet each other, but they showed courage in the Second World War 1939-4
Shillong: Dame Dr Munni Irone, renowned writer and founder of Art 4 Peace, United States of America, on Tuesday, met with the leaders of the Dorbar Khun. Three women, Raid Shabong, Khyrim, Princess.
No more than 50 people are allowed to visit the cemeteries and the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District should be informed.
However, they have many healing powers.
Especially in the year 2021-2022, 1200 farmers have received 12000 tyngka per farmer.
The festival has been held every year since it was founded in 1887 by Hajom Kissor Singh Lyngdoh Nongbri.
“When I released it, I was as strong as I came, I was strong when I released it,” said Bah Lang.
Why is it so different? The reason is that many of those who get corona survive, while those who get cancer die.
According to Bah Rowel, the main reason why the issue of leadership in the party has not come up is because CP Joshi is new and does not understand the political situation in the state. .
Donbor Marbaniang (4 overs: tied for 14 runs: 3 wickets) and Bansynshar Nongsiej (1 over: tied for 8 runs: 2 wickets).
Or, if we cannot destroy this tree of this age, the snake will continue to shine every night, and we will have to find the bird of Phreit to explain to us mankind, otherwise this darkness will fall. I will remain in the darkness of this world in the years to come.
“We demand that the Central Government should implement the ILO Convention so that domestic workers can get promotions and I'm like other workers,” she said.
Shillong, June 23: The beauty of the film Sati, and the attendance of the audience at Bijou Cinema Hall, has prompted the producers to continue the screening of the film for the third month.
Diengshynrum and Ladrymbai Dongwah from Pool B have qualified for the quarterfinals. Mukhla Umlangchor, Moodop Royal and Madankynsaw have qualified for the quarterfinals. They have won the semifinals of the 3rd Adelbert Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
She told the court that during her trip to Australia to shoot Pirates of the Caribbean in October 2015, Deep was highly addicted to drugs.
He said the government should make efforts to consult with the MLAs and villages before deciding on the land.
She hoped there would be a financial release commensurate with the needs of the business.
It is true that there are shortcomings and mistakes in various areas, but it is not because we are selfish or because we want to be proud.
There is no need to talk about the parts of Khyndailad which we all know are occupied by foreigners, but even so, we should not allow non-natives to come and steal their food. citizen.
It is true that we shall never escape from the threat or dress code that affects our small nation.
During the march, they carried placards condemning the incident.
During the meeting, the DC said that the government has not yet approved the demand of the union, but the DC has promised to curb the overcrowding of the transport department.
Shillong: Police have temporarily closed down the Traffic Branch in Mawlai after a policeman came into contact with a man who tested positive for Covid-1
Such a way of thinking does not enter me.
He said that he wants this job to be a way to provide employment opportunities to other youth especially in these difficult times when there are not many youth who have passed the grades. but many of them don't get jobs even after completing their studies and have to stay at home, therefore if the Government has any opportunity I hope that my job will improve and hope and that I may be able to provide employment to other young people in the village.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that it is the duty of the state government to find ways and means to help these people who have been affected by this disaster.
"He said that according to Office Memorandum No.
The Khasi woman is the guardian of the household and all the property, especially the youngest child.
Prestone said that in his opinion, Meghalaya has at least 10,000 kilometers of state roads, except for national roads. “We have discussed all these issues and we will soon come with the office memorandum (OM),” he said.
Officials, members and delegates who came from four roads to reach the village, namely; (i) Ummulong-Laskeiñ, (ii) Raliang-Laskeiñ – Cheap (iii) Namdong-Sanarow-Chiabnai-Cheap (iv).
This was stated by Bah Ronnie while taking part in a question by the Congress MLA from Mawhati, Bah Charles Marngar, who asked whether the government will provide assistance to the pig farmers. Have the pigs died without being distributed by the government?
Speaking to reporters on Monday, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that his absence from the state during the Reservation Policy protest was not for himself but because of the Reservation Policy. The Ministry of External Affairs of the country has also provided an opportunity to seek information regarding the implementation of the rope way.
On the other hand, the troops also displayed weapons, yoga, short films of the BSF to show how the BSF works and also in the fight against tree cutting and theft. especially the spread of drugs which has affected the society and the youth.
After receiving the complaint and the report sent by the Inquiry Wing of the Lokayukta, the Special Court, Tura has issued an order to hear the case on 29th July. 2023.
“Isn't this the job of deceiving the people, the poor and the needy, the rich and the poor?” said Mukul Sangma.
However, in later years, due to the earthquake, the Duhulia came to stay only two days before the festival.
“Besides, the Minister said that the Assembly is the best platform for MLAs to discuss issues related to the State and not on the streets.
He said the party has already discussed the issue twice with the Rangbah Shnongs on the Bill.
Matthew 24:3-6.
He said this while attending the 45th meeting of the Lower Primary School Teachers Association (AGHLPTA) in Kharkutta North on Friday. Garo hills district.
Meanwhile, Rahul Gandhi said Modi has silenced the voice of the people of Manipur, Assam and Arunachal Pradesh.
Shangpliang won first place in Cat 3, Wansaphi Bernadette Malngiang won first place in Cat 2 and Ruffina Malngiang won first place in Cat
Shillong, July 23: A strange bird has arrived at the residence of Bah MR Alya (deceased) at Lum Kshaid at 9 pm this morning.
Answering additional questions, the Chief Minister said that the delay is due to the COVID-19 pandemic in the last two years and now the implementation of the recruitment arrangements has come to government agencies.
In order to open up sports activities in the region, Myntri Rangbah Duh will lay the foundation stone for projects to develop the state's sports resources.
When he felt strong enough, he decided to open a departmental store.
We don't agree with the government's ban,” said Dr Kharshiing.
“The constituencies with more than 90% turnout were Nartiang, Sutnga-Saipung, Khliehriat, Amlarem, Mairang, Mawthadrishan, Phulbari, Rajabala, Selsella and Dadenggre. ," he said.
At present, there are 22 new MDCs in the KHADC who have just won and besides these, there are also former MDCs like Ronnie V Lyngdoh of Mylliem, Bah Martle Mukhim of Mawkynrew, Bah Lambor Malngiang of Nongkrem and Bah Titus W. Chyne of Sohra.
Another meeting will be held in 30 days in Shillong or Guwahati, where the committee will submit its report.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Odisha by 284 runs in the U-23 Col CK Nayudu Trophy on Thursday at Mangaldai, Assam.
He healed many kinds of sicknesses, cast out demons, and even raised the dead.
And at this time when we are now as a nation to say that we love the country we don't need a song but the SPIRIT OF LOVE FROM THE HEART OF THE HEART in our country we can love the country KHASI our.
Furthermore, the NPP will form a coalition government with the BJP which won two seats this time.
Some of the important issues are that the nomination paper will be issued from 14th June to 20th June, 2023 from 11 am to 5 pm at the office. establish.
"Where did you find out that he is a merchant? Who has seen his wealth when even his Saving Account has been renewed by KYC before he deposits the money? If you want the truth, go and get the information from the bank.
The Sordar of Mawryngkneng also urged the district authorities to provide passes for vehicles carrying agricultural products to be transported to other villages in the area.
India, Email: ncdir@ncdirindia.org.
The residents and especially the students hold memorial services for Syiem Tirot Singh on the 17th of November every year.
Lenbirth Marak scored 12 runs, Shubham Rasaily added 17 runs and Angkit scored 16 runs.
Darren R Warjri of Christian Academy Higher Secondary School won the Best Karate Award while the Senior award went to Paul Danny Kharmudai of Providence School.
Once again, the Sengbhalang has arrested foreigners who came to Ri-Bhoi with the intention of working on the construction of pipeline by contractors under the Jal Jeevan Mission scheme.
Leaders of KSU Barrak Valley Circle, Assam, members of Barrak Valley Khasi Jaintia Welfare Organization, All Manipur Students' Union, Rongmei Naga Students Organization, Manipur were also present. , Waheh Shnongs of three Khasi villages and General Secretary Sinam Prakash Singh.
The injection will be given twice, at a 20-day interval between the first and second injections.
“Even though this Basan Kur or the great leader of the HSPDP and the Khasi people has passed away, let us follow the rules and regulations that he has led,” said Bah SS Lyngdoh. which says that the whole kur should preserve the customs and traditions that the longknie have been able to learn.
At a meeting held recently at Pdengshakap, UDP MLA from Amlarem Constituency, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, who is also the President, requested the election of Bah Robert June Kharjahrin so that it will be easier to work in terms of work. Amlarem Constituency.
However, because of his intelligence and honesty, the politicians who hated him dismissed him untimely.
Yobin, who is Iangrai's lawyer, said the SC will soon announce the date of release of Iangrai.
Speaking to media, Bah Lanong said, “I am not saying that the leaders in the government are now unable to rule, but the truth is that many of the intelligent leaders are not able to rule. for outside government.
He said the statement of AITC journalist Saket Gokhale was not unnecessary.
Before the blood donation, a short meeting was held led by Jaitdao Sumer who briefly explained about Sarot I Man and its activities and reminded that in 2021 this group has conducted a blood donation. sha this place of bloodshed.
CNN IBN reported that the incident took place at the Shiva-Parvati temple in Sigra, Varanasi, where the sadhu covered the idols with headscarves.
The cash prize in the competition falls outside the provisions of the GST Act, but will be subject to tax under the provisions of the Income Tax Act, he said.
He said that in other states, they do not remove MIL but allow Alternative English for those who do not take MIL like in Tamil Nadu.
We have also seen that the second wave of the corona virus is working hard in India and in our state as well.
Conrad said the BJP will not be able to win the upcoming elections as the party will not win even two constituencies.
The tournament was organized by the Basketball Hounds Club, Mawkyrwat (BHCM) with the aim of promoting basketball among the students of Mawkyrwat C&RD Block. and also to instill in them the spirit of unity, solidarity and hard work as these can lead to the goal of victory in any struggle.
Paul also reminds Timothy how to walk and live in the last days, difficult days to speak and explain because there is no more gratitude because people are selfish and selfish like Judas, who boastful, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unloving of what is good" 2 Timothy 3:1-3
The number of readers in this era has increased compared to the past and the newspapers have covered many social issues that provide information and benefits to the people in the field of agriculture. agricultural, social and others.
They seized 13.1 grams of heroin, T.15012 cash and a Scooty number ML 05-N-7249 used to transport the drugs.
“I cannot deny the fact that some of the leaders who have come to request me to become the leader of the MPCC, but I feel that the leader in the state should be a close person. I alone feel that Bah Charles Pyngrope is the best person to hold the post of Leader of the MPCC and it is up to the Incharge to elect us all. agree" he added.
New Delhi, July 10: The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) has registered about 300,000 members after the election results in Delhi. about 1 crore people on 26th July.
On the other hand, Samla Amos said that he has released some songs and videos on his channel Pomshutia Creation and he said that he likes this genre. I don't know how to do this job especially from the owner of Laya Entertainment Babu Khraw Sohkhlet who taught me the techniques and methods of doing this job.
The Welsh Presbyterian Mission Society sent a missionary, Bessi Williams, to take over the management of the school.
Lydia Hep brought two plates and put them on the table.
At this time I would like to share my thoughts with the public based on the experiences I have faced in the past 14 years in the suffering from PARKINSON DISEASE.
On the same day, the MLA also distributed the trophy and cash prize to Mawsiakthnam for the winner and the Chief Guest Badonbok Malngiang, Sport Secretary of KSU. song money.
Speaking to the students of Khadsawphra College in the presence of parents of the students, the Governor of Meghalaya visited Khadsawphra College in Mairang today. The governments that came to power in Delhi, whether from any party, have a special respect for the customs and traditions of the minorities in the North East.
“Bah Paul has his own opinion, but the party is united and we hope that in the 2023 elections, we will win many MLAs and it will ensure that the UDP will lead the government,” he said. added.
The Seng would like to make it clear that we do not want to negotiate with people who are not involved in the signing of the MoU or who are not involved in the border talks with Assam.
The rich man shall not be proud, because the poor shall be humbled: neither shall the wise man be proud, lest his wisdom deceive him.
The matches of the tournament can also be watched live on Jio Cinema.
“Our visit is to request the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to look into the area because as we have seen now, it is like a house,” said Elvis.
Babu Chosterfield, one of the famous writers and singers of the nation, who created and sang the stone, said he does not mind the placing of the cross on the stone because as a writer and composer he has already completed the He promised to inform about this important stone at Raid Iapngap, Ri-Bhoi.
Shillong: Youth is the most important time in a person's life to shape the future and to be happy tomorrow, said Rangbah R Sungoh, Executive Member of the Seng Khihlang.
Our Police have been working tirelessly to combat these incidents to ensure that peace and order will be restored at that time.
The people should understand that such leaders want the people to be stupid and for that reason they deceive them with money and they don't want to work for the development of the area. be rich and wise, these people shall not elect them.
Kinda teachers are also strict owners.
Shillong: The HSPDP has sent a letter to the President of the National People's Party (NPP) Conrad Kongkal Sangma in a statement. , regarding the visit of two newly elected MLAs from the HSPDP, Shakliar Warjri from Mawthadrishan constituency and Methodius Dkhar from Mawshynrut constituency, to the government to support the government. Leading leaders of the HSPDP party, in a statement, said that with respect, the party has not found any empowerment for the two MLAs. MLAs Methodius Dkhar and Shakliar Warjri have left their support for the NPP-led government, according to media reports. newspaper.
" Unquote This is an article taken from the Report and Recommendations of the High Level Committee on Influx in which Bah Bindo M. Lanong, Dy.Chief Minister incharge Law at that time (2012-13), was Chairman of the Committee.
The CISF are on duty at airports and Central Government buildings across the country.
Speaking on Kichcha's films, he has already signed three new films this year.
In the personal opinion of Kumar Sanu, the interference of film stars in the work of singers is like knieh noh their plate.
In West Garo Hills, 16 cases are BSF personnel, 3 cases were tested positive at Phulbari CHC and one case is from Corona Care Centre.
There are also those who say that Meghalaya should be exempt from CUET and so on.
After receiving a speech from Ms. W.Syngkon who is a teacher of the school, she congratulated the farmers and employees of the Seng who were willing to share their experiences with the students. These young people are reading the line related to society.
The Electoral Registration Officer Amlarem Sub-Division has informed the public that the copies and Draft Electoral Rolls for the 7th Amlarem (ST) Assembly Constituency have been prepared in full according to the Registration of Electors Rules, Those who wish to inspect can visit the Electoral Registration Office, 7-Amlarem (ST) Assembly Constituency or at the designated places during office hours.
The 518 plaintiffs who signed their names said that at the Raid Dorbar held on 11th June 2019 at Iew Mylliem, it was decided to hold a ritual at Mawnarian and Lum Shyllong from 24th to 29th June ,in which they rejoiced and prepared a feast by inviting their friends and relatives.
He said that after receiving a tip about the shooting, the police rushed to the scene and took the KSU member and the driver of the Bolero to the police station. Pick-up.
“Of course I want to go to Mylliem to Linda's house...” Bahnah agreed. So Bahnah's mind now wanted to see Linda's house and meet her parents.
I don't feel sorry for you.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday made it clear that it will not seek the support of any political party to contest the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
In this incident, the death toll was reported in the eastern parts of the country.
Ampareen said the government will get 240 more buses to operate in the city and surrounding areas.
However, speaking to reporters, several Congress leaders said that Lapang's visit to Delhi was not because he was summoned but because of a meeting of all the presidents of the party. Congress from across the state and President Sonia Gandhi.
The search for information through RTI will also help to know where the schemes of the MLAs reach, whether they reach only the family members or those close to the leading leaders of the MLAs or whether they have actually elected them. who deserve it.
To develop and improve the various skills of the youth.
Priyanka Gandhi Vadra will address a public meeting organized by the Telangana Pradesh Congress Committee in Hyderabad in the first month of June to raise awareness of the increasing unemployment rate in the state. said PCC President A Revanth Reddy.
Arsamki Papang has been elected as the new president of HANM West Jaintia Hills District and Eborlang Phawa Kjor has been elected as the new president of HANM Laskein Circle.
She said that the state government has also sent doctors for training where doctors at CHCs and PHCs have received the skills to treat the diseases related to women's diseases. or babies and even with others.
Speaking at a public meeting of the NPP in Shallang, Conrad said that the MLA of Mawshynrut who is also the candidate of the NPP is a man who has the right to be a true leader of the people. people without discrimination or discrimination.
According to the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah Vivek Syiem, the Lumdiengjri Police Station has investigated and searched for the suspects. On the 1st of June, they identified and suspected the killers of Bah Omega.
This is the time to understand the value of nano fertilizers produced in the country and all stakeholders should be encouraged.
Rabindranath Tagore's poem 'Deeno Daan' has been very popular on social media since yesterday.
According to the letter, the village has also informed the SDO Civil Sub Division Amlarem, West Jaintia Hills District about the problems faced by the villages due to the mining; but he hath not done anything until now.
In fact, the final of these two teams was scheduled to be played on July 9 but due to the heavy rainfall, the Seng has not been able to postpone it to the above mentioned date.
“I am proud that we have been able to hold this Games in a manner that is in line with other states in the country.
According to the written record, one of the worst bloodshed against the Kuki in this era was carried out by armed Meitei groups such as the Arambai Tenggol and Meitei Leepun. , which is followed by hate speech.
The match schedule for the 2nd round of the tournament includes: Episode 1: 27 June Featherweight: Keisuke Sasu (Japan) vs Sang Won Kim (Korea) Flyweight: Mark Climaco (Philippines) vs Jung Hyun Lee (South Korea) Featherweight: Yi Zha (China) vs Abdul Azeem Badakhshi (Afghanistan)Flyweight: Rei Tsuruya (Japan) vs Ronal Siahaan (Indonesia)Episode 2: 27JymmangFeatherweight: Li Kaiwen (China) vs Reza Arianto (Indonesia) vsmits SemarungIndia (Indonesia) Guk Choi (South Korea)Featherweight: Yibugele (China) vs Koya Kanda (Japan)Flyweight: Ji Niushiyue (China) vs Billy Pasulatan (Indonesia)Episode 3: 28 JymmangLightweight: Seong Chan Hong (South Korea) vs Rong Zhu Bantamweight: Shuya Kamikubo (Japan) vs Jieleyisi Baergeng (China)Lightweight: Kazuma Maruyama (Japan) vs Sang Wook Kim (South Korea)Bantamweight: Xiao Long (China) vs Shohei Nose (Japan)Episode 4: 28 Jymmang BinLightweight: (South Korea) vs Batebolati Bahatebole (China)Bantamweight: Chang Ho Lee (South Korea) vs Rana Rudra Pratap Singh (India)Lightweight: Windri Patilima (Indonesia) vs Shin Haraguchi (Japan)Bantamweight: Eperaim Ginting (Indonesia) vsha Zwupasi Daermisi (China).
Barcelona beat Liverpool 3-0 in the opening match.
“The Synroplang has no intention of dismissing or inviting them but those who do not come or take responsibility for their duties show that they have resigned,” said the Synroplang leaders.
When asked for comment, Bah John said that Bah Lambor Nongrum may not contest and support the candidate who gave the party ticket but Bah Lambor Malngiang cannot be known.
Micah 7:10–17.
Universal health: Setting up of Maternal care centers for pregnant women in each block.
“According to the documents from the Planning Department, Bah Bajop Pyngrope who was an MDC when he joined the NPP on 31st October 2022, received the post of Chairman on 27th June 2022 but without There are three members of the Board.
“All the players are fit, and even the captain is as well.
Reckless behavior by two and four-wheeler drivers is more noticeable at dusk.
The program was enriched by traditional songs, traditional dances and a skit on Tirot Sing Syiem by the talented people of the District and others who came from Shillong.
It has always been known that such activities happen in villages where only Khasi people live, but now this practice has entered even in villages where only Khasi people live.
At present, the ruling party has 45 MLAs while the opposition has only
Cleaning up the household is the most enjoyable task when there is cooperation and this will improve the happiness of the whole household.
If any members of the public are threatened, they should report to the police and the police will remain anonymous.
He also stressed the importance of speaking to drug users with compassion and love and not to make them stupid.
He said that the village is located in the vicinity of Mawlynnong, the cleanest village in Asia, the Nohwet Bridge, which have already attracted tourists from all over the world.
He said that the Department of Agriculture has already held a meeting with several MLAs in which the farmers also attended on the 18th of this month to discuss the Office Order.
U Bah Ronnie on this occasion, before explaining to the public that there is no allegation that he built a house for his mother with money after winning the election.
Secretariat) The Rangbah Shnongs have announced that they have given the government until the 4th to take action on the VAB, the MUDA boundary crossing, and seven other demands.
Here in the morning Banrilang bought juti, jainsem and sweater and so did her mother.
Every day and every night coal trucks pass by and you are still willing to lie so much that you will get an answer from the higher authorities.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District under the leadership of Samla Justice Paul Lyngdoh in the presence of the district leaders, on Tuesday met with the Principal of JNV Mukhla, after a meeting with the Principal of JNV Mukhla. I have received a complaint from some of the students there that there is no class on Sundays.
As the days go by, false news increases, exploiters edit old photos and videos and post them in the name of Batesi TV, T7 news, Rupang and others which confuse the public. .
Shillong: The Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MDA) has decided that the building rules of the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) will no longer apply outside the Municipal areas and has been introduced into the District Council rules to do so.
We have to endure so many difficulties, but we keep quiet and pretend that nothing has been affected by the power outage.
“The Trinamool Congress will try its best to strengthen the party throughout Meghalaya.
They said that the BJP is not just for politics, but for development and peace and stability.
Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leader Sharad Pawar on Friday met Maharashtra Chief Minister Eknath Shinde at his residence in Varsha and invited him to participate in the event. at the program to be held on July 24 to mark the 75th Anniversary of the Maratha Mandir, where Pawar became President.
On the other hand, the HYC Umden Circle, urges the law enforcement agencies not to punish such killers, but to punish them severely, so that such incidents will not happen again in the village. in the village, because it has frightened the people in the village and the whole area.
On the other hand, the Seng Kur Lyngkhoi SengKmie also takes this opportunity to congratulate all the Lyngkhoi members who attended this meeting in Nongstoiñ.
Mark 16:18.
Firstbornson Thongni did not score but managed to assist four goals.
Those who own land, Kper and Khlaw have 39 households, those who do not have Pynthor ktieh have 25 households, those who own Nongshongsap have 3 households, those who own land, Pynthor and Khlaw have their own dulir. You cannot type on non-judicial stamp paper.
crore rupees.
He said that during the inspection, it was found that this road which is a budlum is running and the income of the people of this area, is very bad.
Rakkam said the delay in the appointment of teachers in these schools is due to the High Court's order to implement the roster in the recruitment in all government departments.
Therefore, on this job which we understand that it can provide employment to the people of the area, whatever the type of job we do, I am here to express and tell that we now have young men and women, parents from all the villages in the area, who are willing to join hands with me in what we have done to move forward to establish a strong Pressure Group, and also to invite and propose all together to support her work.
There are 128 cases in East Khasi Hills, including 112 cases in East Khasi Hills and 96 cases in civilians.
To do so, the Citizenship Amendment Bill needs to be passed.
“Earlier, Bah Erwin announced that he has resigned from the Congress Party so that the leadership of JACBOM will not have any conflict with any political party.
She expressed her concern about the increase in drug users in the state and this has been very dangerous because even children aged 6 to 7 years have learned to use drugs according to the figures obtained in the year. 2008-09, Deborah said.
If you win MLA/MDC, you can do whatever you want with government money which is the money of the people.
In the women's category, Aryna Sabalanka defeated Mirra Andreeva.
Shillong: The Executive Committee of the BJP, West Jaintia Hills District, Bah Chaphrang Lyngdoh, in the presence of State General Secretary, Bah Singh Mulieh and members of the Executive Committee of the BJP, was held at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. On the 23rd of this month in Jowai, the BJP protested against the campaign to dismiss State President Bah Ernest Mawrie.
Speeches were also delivered by the chief guest, Kong Mabel L.Kynta, Bah Mankhraw Kharbuli, Project Lead, AVENUES and testimonial speeches by the students.
Shillong lost six wickets for the loss of six wickets with Puskar Raj scoring 15 runs and Chettri 10 runs.
Through this campaign, the residents who feel the need are invited to come forward without hesitation and use these opportunities that the government has set up for them.
In another development, Ma Vincent Pala, MP, wrote on his Facebook page, “We have met today and the announcement that someone has joined the BJP is a great success. bakla (We are all had a fruitful meeting today and the news spreading our NE leaders joining BJP is wrong).
He said that at Barik Point, a building will be erected which will include the erection of the national flag which will be visible from different parts of the city – which will be a symbol of unity and pride.
Members of the party also visited the Ksaid Phan Nonglait, which the party has long wanted to turn into a recreational area and at the same time to honor the longkmie Phan Nonglait, who through her knowledge up to 60 British soldiers were killed.
“He expressed his anger at the statement of the Prime Minister that Mawlasnai is unlikely to be in Meghalaya while the venue of the festival is only 15 km away from Mawlasnai.
They said that they don't know why the price of kwai has increased so much as they are the only sellers.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the government will punish severely any person or shop who sells food items in the state.
Furthermore, the NOC received from the Single Window Agency also has different names of people and they are not those who received the NOC from the Elaka.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Wanphai Lyngkring, said that the party is angry to see that the people are facing stones while traveling through this road and that is why the party leaders have been arrested. Therefore, on this road, we as the union, we urge the state government through the PWD department to repair this road immediately, otherwise if the government At the same time, the RBYF urges the MLA of Nongpoh and the MLA of Mawahti to take other stronger measures. “They should talk to the government about the deterioration of this road, because as it is, this road is the road connecting Mawhati and Nongpoh,” he added.
Prizes are in cash and all participants will receive participation certificates.
Meanwhile, the Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, Meghalaya, Bah AL Hek, who is also the chief leader of the BJP in the state, has not agreed to remove Bah. Lachmen Rymbui.
Out of the 60 constituencies in Meghalaya, there are 36 in Khasi and Jaintia Hills and 24 in Garo Hills.
The Lyngdoh of Raid Nongkrem, Bah Pynïaidsuk Lyngdoh said that this initiative of these two villages will set an example to others to resolve the boundary through understanding and dialogue.
“Ka Seng demands that the Chief Minister should resolve this issue and should remove the English and Hindi languages ​​and introduce only the Khasi and Garo languages ​​so that the people of the state can There is no job at the Post Office,” demanded the Seng.
Regarding the candidates who have bad marks or cases in court, Bah Ernest said the party has not received any information so far that there are such cases.
The winners of these four zonal finals will qualify for the national final.
Ko tongsong, what is the difference between church and election campaigning, does that Corona come only when there is prayer, while in you it is only when you get yourself back.
The Congress ticket decision meeting will start at 11 pm and in the evening the candidate of the party will be announced and soon on the 28th he will file his nomination papers.
Upper age limit relaxable to 5 years for SC/ST candidates.
The Dolloi of Nongjngi Elaka, has passed away and in the death of him, there is one who remembers him and that is the Assistant Revenue Officer, District Council, Jowai.
“Until now, there are those who have been treated without any permission from the government but through the syrnot they have received, it will help them to become legally able to treat anywhere,” said Bah Iangjuh.
“It would be better to have 80% for the whole of Meghalaya, we should not reduce from what we have, among the ethnic groups who do well will get it.
“There have been many demands but all of them have come to a standstill due to the absence of such legislators who put the State and the Jaidbynriew before their own interests,” he said.
“In the coming term we will discuss the Reservation Policy, Mining Policy, Employment Generation Policy and others,” he said. the season will end this fall 2023.
The Government has a plan to promote football in the state, he said, adding that the preparations are underway to build an International Football Academy in Shillong to develop the talents of boys and girls in football.
On the other hand, U Nongsaiñ Hima, has spoken to a young woman named Iba Malai, from Ri Bhoi District, who is one of the young women who designs clothes and has a the brand is called 'Kiniho'
It is to be recalled that 108 employees of EMRI under the umbrella of the Meghalaya EMRI Worker Union have been on strike since 30th March 2019 and so far 10 employees have been on strike. Members of the victims were taken to hospital.
He said it is too early to say that the scheme has failed and this was criticized on the allegations of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) that the government will not be able to implement the JJM scheme within the year. year 2022.
They said that the coal trucks are allowed to carry only 9 tonnes while the coal trucks carry 30 tonnes and they have also received a challan.
He said that as Khasi brothers and sisters, we should not be afraid but we should stand on our own ground.
Shillong: The Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries, Bah AL Hek, today said that the Ministry of Fisheries will set up a Fact Finding Team to investigate into the detection of formalin in imported fish. Food Safety test.
Their dream of implementing that New World Order began to come true.
Hat Lyngkhat is also a market where the residents of this area sell their agricultural products, but after the closure of the dam, due to the outbreak of COVID-19, no effort has been made. on the part of the government to revive this market, as it used to be in the past.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has reminded political parties not to speak against the ethnic groups.
The police chief said the arrested person has close ties with members of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC).
I urge the Meghalaya government to expedite the security of the border people,” said Charles.
There was also a Quiz Competition, which was attended by all the students of Umsning area and prizes were awarded to the winners.
He added that if the entry fee collection gate of KAAC is removed, peace will automatically return to the area.
He said the BJP has not stopped passing the bill if it comes back to power and will give a public explanation of the bill during the election campaign.
The four arrested were identified as Paominlun Haokip, S Malsawn Haokip, Lhingneichong Baite and Tinnuphing.
Kong Jyrwa said that she has just gone to give training to some of the children, young and old at Saw Aiom in Shillong.
Nongpoh: The Women Wings of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (WWW) today launched a 5 km road from 13 Mer Tamulkuchi to Killing. On Saturday, the office of the Syiem of Raid Marwet, Ri Bhoi District, held a ceremony to honor these women at Jorbil Village Square, Killing.
He was speaking at a meeting held at MTC Bus Stand, Iawmusiang Jowai today as part of the celebration of National Road Safety Week.
Speaking to media, Ampareen said that they were not invited to the meeting to discuss the border issue on the 15th of this month, due to a mistake. to deliver the letter.
After his departure, voting resumed but only for a short time and more than 400 people were unable to vote.
Leaders of HITO Ri-Bhoi District led by General Secretary, Bah Keny Nongrum and Vice President, Bah Elvis Kyrsian, said that the reason for the The President of the party, Bah Donbok Dkhar, has resigned from the group of the party, Bah Donbok Dkhar, and the President of the party from Ri-Bhoi, Bah. Ban Kharnaior and Working President, Bah Apbor Nongrum said that as leaders and members of the district they have no information about the removal of these leaders.
“I welcome the statement of the parties in the MDA government that they feel that the government should visit the border areas once again and it is necessary to listen to them. public from this region".
India won the title through a 5-4 tie-breaker, after the match ended in a 1-1 draw, even after extra time. .
The District Magistrate's Office has issued a notice to the Bethany Hospital on or after 22nd October 2020 to inform the Government authorities by phone. number 108 or go to the website to lockdown first the rich people who earn more than 5 kilos shibnai, lockdown and other bombs stick to the poor and happy, the rich and the poor are thrown into the car. Remember God, when the time is right, they don't remember, remember only the word of the soul, but the money.
Shillong: The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills District, today announced a 13 hour curfew in Lumdiengjri and Sadar Police Station from 6 am to 7 pm tomorrow.
Khliehriat, March 18: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has found that there is no teacher in Rymbai Government Secondary School. The subject Science has been in school for 10 years and this has affected the students because the subject Science is one of the subjects that is not required.
The Civil Service will also be cleaned of clean air, and will be able to prevent the spread of Corona and Kobit.
Shillong, June 24: The Trinamool Congress (TMC) candidate from Sohiong constituency, Stoding Thabah, today strongly criticized the National People's Party (NPP) candidate Samlin Malngiang for allegedly insulting the leaders. Religion.
At the same time, the birthday of Christ was celebrated in the presence of the Director of Social Welfare, Bah HM Shangpliang and Mathew (Deacon).
Jowai, June 17: The Hynniewtrep Border Disputed Redressal Forum (HBDRF) today met with the Hynniewtrep Border Disputed Redressal Forum (HBDRF) today. Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya at his office to convey the issue of the Pnar residents of Block-1 The residents of Karbi Moothade village have invaded the boundary of Mowjem village at Pdeiñ iawmuksoo village on an area of ​​about 1 km around by planting trees and shrubs. do not last long.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government has decided to introduce a new fare for government officials who wish to park vehicles for office purposes.
On this basis, the Seng has also met with the Syiem of Mylliem, to express its concern over the issue of the people, but said that according to the explanation from the Syiem, the Rangbah Shnongs cannot charge a registration fee of up to 10 percent and a reasonable Village fee.
Uttar Pradesh Minister Shrikant Sharma said that all District Magistrates have been directed to proceed with the collection of proper figures and these names will be added to the list of candidates. India.
Shillong, July 29: A meeting of all political parties will be held on the 3rd June 2014 at 11 am at the Conference Room of the Deputy Commissioner, Shillong.
Jowai, Nailur 20: The Executive Committee under the leadership of Thombor Shiwat has summoned all 18 Dolloi to a hearing for an investigation into their case. for vehicles transporting goods from Jaintia Hills to Assam, Dawki for those vehicles transporting goods to Bangladesh, Rattacherra, Nartiang and Saphai.
Regarding the alliance with other parties, Bah Metbah said that the party has not yet had any discussion on this issue. The party will continue to contest this election.
At present, the AMTPCA has been able to employ up to 50 youths in the Toll Plazas and in the future it plans to employ only Khasi youths to work in the Toll Plazas, he added. .
The Electoral Bond Scheme, which was introduced in 2018, is to provide information on the collection of contributions by political parties.
Shillong: Senior Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Bindo M Lanong, has said that he will remember his relationship with Dr Donkupar Roy, who passed away on Sunday. .
Similarly, the Meghalaya government will not be able to build capital in such places.
He added that the President has a place in the hearts of the people by visiting the people especially the self-help groups of women. to receive the honor of becoming President and also the youngest President of the country.
Remember, my fellow countrymen, we must not be stingy, we must not destroy the syieng and jhur jyrngam that we grow ourselves.
On the other hand, the Sur ni Nongmawlai have protested against the state government in front of the Secretariat to strongly condemn the government's silence on the demand for the temporary dismissal of the police chiefs involved in the kill Mr. C. Thangkhiew.
Establish your mind well and don't eat too much or too quickly to end up in poverty, without rain and without honor.
In the Super Division, Mukhla Raij opened the scoring through Timmy Ryngkhlem 9' and Niaw Wasa scored the first goal through Pynshai Lathong 23'
Conrad Sangma, in his speech, stressed the need to train the youth of the country to develop the country further and said that high paid is not necessary, but you need a happy life.
The party informs all the people of the country, said a statement from Bah H Bhoi, Public and Information Secretary of the party.
Therefore, the union is concerned about this uncertainty and on this basis, they want to find out why the price of this smart meter, or contract has reached 232 crore.
Three Vice Presidents including Deputy Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Timothy D Shira, Minister of State Comingone Ymbon and Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun were also present.
On the other hand, Shylla admitted that the Nongkrem constituency is under President's Rule, as the incumbent HSPDP MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit does not have the President's Rule. closeness to the people and does whatever he wants alone.
“I will open a Khasi Hospital in Mawryngkneng, which has 21 beds,” said Bah Dlas.
Speaking to media, Pangngiang said, “The number of national parties and their cooperation is a golden opportunity for the national parties. The Riewlum party who fought for the establishment of the state, who fought for the foundation of the land, the right of our customs to rule the state.
Referring to the recent order of the High Court, Mondal said the government respects the court which has ordered us to purchase electricity from other power plants.
Other seized items were 334755.75 worth T.
“There will be some people who will vote out of sympathy, while there will be some people who will disagree on this, they have their own feelings,” said Bah George.
At the same time, the Seng Khihlang announces that the 2024 Sengkhihlang Conference will be held at the Seiñ Raij Wahiajer West Jaintia Hills District on the 19th, 20th, 04/21/2024.
Saralin said that the clothes vendors at Motphran Bridge started selling clothes for the first time in 1978, and since that year until now this is the fourth time that the government has sent them to relocate. him.
It has also been fulfilled for the Gentiles since the Jews returned to Israel, were gathered during World War II and were declared by the UN that Israel had gained its homeland in .
At this meeting, many suggestions were made regarding the incident in Langpih to have a Coordination Committee, and a meeting between the Chief Ministers of the two states of Assam and Meghalaya.
Because earlier it happened that these drugs have killed many cows and fish in tens of km of the Rukhon River in Nongummer and if anything happens the DC SWKH and these offices will have to take action. you are responsible.
The FKJGP Mawlai Circle under the leadership of its President Bah Marbud Dkhar, today inspected the Marten Mawlai Mawiong nightclub.
The Minister informed that the Government has provided assistance to the relatives of the children stranded in Manipur after the bloodshed.
Shah will leave for Aizawl on March 5 to discuss the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill.
In addition, 19 MLAs have completed Graduation, seven are Graduate Professional, 13 are Post Graduate, one is Doctorate and three of them have a Diploma.
Meanwhile, NPP candidate Heirtami Suting has already filed her nomination papers.
Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, in a statement sent to the media, said that police have received a tip that there is a drug dealer named Rofique. Police have arrested Uddin Ahmed, driver of a Nightsuper bus (AS-01-FC-7788), who was carrying drugs on the NH-6 near Khliehriat Police Station.
If such an Act is implemented, it will greatly contribute to the clean marriage between Khasi and non-Khasi women.
The Weeknd, whose full name is Abel Makkonen Tesfaye, was born on June 16, 1990 in Toronto, Canada.
From the Rynsan ki Sur Tynrai, they believe that this is a violation of the traditional sur, which uses the ksing, bom, duitara, Khasi shitar, besli and other musical instruments that they make themselves. They have been arrested for allegedly suing the court, in order to promote their traditional voice.
Other speakers who gave speeches and blessed the new office bearers were Bah Kynpham V.Kharlyngdoh, Bah Forwardman Nongrem, President KSU South West Khasi Hills District and Rutherford Lyngdoh, President of Mawkyrwat Circle. .
Shillong: All the office bearers and members of the BJP Mandal West Shillong have been dismissed after allegedly being cheated by the party leaders.
In addition, there were even more occupants who were not registered or accounted for inside the vessel.
“Earlier, the Chairman said that almost everyone agrees to have an expert committee, a committee which will have all the experts in all fields related to this area.
These include cakes, biscuits, sweets, donuts and cookies.
Speaking to media recently, the National Vice President of the BJP, Dr. Chuba Ao, who is in charge of Meghalaya, said that the central government in the last nine years under the leadership of Modi as Minister Rangbahduh has brought many benefits through various schemes to the people of the country.
Meiramew is the earth and Basa is the stone that has turned into the earth over tens of thousands of years.
Recalling the recent protest by eight AITC MLAs in New Delhi to demand the cancellation of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on the border settlement signed between the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam and the introduction of The National Working President of the NPYF, Bah Nicky Nongkhlaw, has questioned the AITC on the silence on the demand for the implementation of the ILP. This is a long standing demand of the indigenous people in Meghalaya.
The first quarterfinal started today, 3rd June, 2023, between Se Lajong FT and Iawpaw FC. Both of them played hard to score goals.
If the government does not listen or act unfairly, the Court needs to intervene with other rights that teachers should receive as a reward for their services ( dedicated and valuable service) to provide education to students until they have completed their education at various levels.
Wallambok Nongkhlaw tied 40 runs from 39 balls and Jerry Lyngdoh 23 runs from 67 balls.
She said that for one of her friends, she had told them three times that the girl had turned around to her friend to express that she had accepted the offer.
My first thought was to bring him back and get him treated.
How do they do it? they wear special expensive clothes, and they love the places of feasting because of the large crowds so that the people will respect them because of their position as Rabbi or Teacher of Religion.
Shillong: The UDP Nongthymmai Circle has launched the application deadline for the MDC election from Nongthymmai. Only Basing Roy Kharshandi has submitted his application for the MDC election from Nongthymmai. According to information received from the office bearers of the UDP Nongthymmai, the name of Bah Basing has been received so far but it will be up to the party to take the necessary action.
Therefore, according to the example of Tirot Sing Syiem, the family of Bah Barnabas Nangbah was also taken to rebuild the face of Kiang Nangbah.
Shillong, July 27 : The Government of Meghalaya through the Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Kong RM Kurbah, today called for a meeting with the doctors of the Meghalaya Medical Service Association (MMSA). The MMSA leaders have decided to temporarily suspend their protests.
The General Secretary of the Seng, Bah Shane Thabah in an interview with the media, urged the shopkeepers to carry their own plates when they come to the market. From this day onwards, the market vendors will no longer sell any goods in plastic bags.
“We have prepared and set up a team to investigate and we have started to move forward to meet our own requirements in Congress and it is expected that by November we will be able to meet them,” he said. and Palar.
Nongpoh, Naitung, 30: A family has suffered a tragic incident in Mawiapbang village in Ri-Bhoi District, after a fire broke out and destroyed their house. The HITO Ri-Bhoi District has left to provide assistance and donations to the family as an encouragement and support.
Ostarnic Marbaniang, Organizing Secretary, KSU Khliehriat Circle in the presence of Shinningstar Kharbihkhiew, President of KSU Khliehriat Circle.
Jayanta Mundoi Branch Manager HDFC Bank Nongpoh, Branch, speaking as the chief guest, congratulated the school principals for their willingness to join hands for the benefit of the students.
HANM said that the National Highway in Jaintia Hills is also a road that even people from outside the state used to pass through and it is a shame to the government if there are more and more landslides and traffic jams. .
On the other hand, the HNYF Mairang has urged the SDO (civil) to immediately provide financial assistance to the family.
“There is no reason for the extension of the term of office of the ADCs in the state.
At the 'Iadaw Masi Rong in Wahiajer, there were 32 hor (or jur) cow candidates who performed to entertain thousands of people.
I appeal to those who have contacted me to get tested soon,” said Bora.
“People are ready, if the government fights against, a strong protest has already happened,” said the FKJGP. Shillong, June 28: The earthquake that struck Nepal on Saturday, it is considered an earthquake that surpassed the one that occurred 80 years ago in the country.
The news reached Delhi.
I.Mynsong (Khyndewsaw Church) until he reached the age of youth.
It is no longer holy if a man is changed into a woman and a woman into a man.
Shillong: Ka Sur ki Nong West, today expressed its dissatisfaction with the MDA government for failing to give a fair trial on the shooting of (L) Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew. to relocate the ethnic groups living in the Metor Area, Shillong.
Therefore, I too, with great joy, took this opportunity to give my short speech on this occasion.
Therefore, he urged the drivers of two wheelers and vehicles not to speed as it causes danger to themselves and the passers-by.
On the other hand, the Hima said that the Hima has laid down its own rules and regulations and anyone found violating the rules will be punished according to the law.
Two persons have been arrested in connection with the incident and two complaints have been registered.
Do not touch the unclean thing with your hands or your feet.
The party will also hold an essay competition on Khasi and Jaintia state which can be submitted online or by sending posts to the party office”.
He said that the employers are not job seekers but employers.
It is on the issues mentioned in the Mang Executive Committee that the discussion should be held.
He said the reason for the bad condition of the road from Rngain to Langkyrdem to Dawki is because there are too many vehicles carrying goods to the Dawki market.
After that, from Nongstoin Block, it will be extended to other blocks, and this will depend on the information of the Deputy Commissioner, he said.
At the same time, not only these 2 Longkmie who work as Casual Labour, but the department has 11 Casual Labor including these 2 Longkmie who have been dismissed by the authorities. Mrs. Apparen.
There is a commitment, cooperation and unity between Nehu University and the State Government and teachers with a view to the benefit of the students to ensure that the implementation of the policy is in accordance with the law. purpose ? According to the report, the Academic Council of Nehu University has not taken a decision to implement it from
The HYC has started the distribution of Rai Eh Daw Campaign 2023 leaflets from Motphran and has continued to distribute these leaflets around the area to educate the people to vote responsibly for their leaders. to the State Legislature.
Umsning CHC has become one of the most prominent health centers in Ri-Bhoi District, but has become one of the most private health centres, after the discovery of its rud and shakiar this year. HNYF, Umsning Circle, under the leadership of Samla B Umbah, President.
The Seng said that this power outage has affected the education of the students, the work at home and especially the work inside the Barato PHC, where this PHC is in dire need of electricity. for a lot of cases of Patients.
Fullmoon Mawlong.
We witness and experience border disputes from time to time and I see that as the days go by, our land is getting smaller and smaller.
Justice said the former MLA has been in the BJP for only six months, and although he has been in politics for six years, Hima does not understand that the party workers work at will. please and the organization assigns jobs based on the skills of the people.
The Chief Minister said that the state government has faced many challenges in the past five years; However, he said that the leaders have worked hard to bring about development in all areas especially in the rural areas of the state.
Like other clubs, we will get back on track and this will be this Thursday.
He said that the Government has already set up Regional Committees headed by Ministers to resolve the seven areas that have not yet been resolved with Assam.
However, due to the Covid 19 pandemic, the election could not be held and the GHADC will come under the rule of the Governor for about six months and will end on 18th June
He has appeared and participated in various fields and around the world in the discussion on how to improve the Liturgy which is an important part of the religion of the Catholic Church.
The Japanese Government has urged the people to leave the area immediately due to the serious threat posed by the North Korean missile. .
In this day and age, young people understand that youth should not end with childbearing.
During his visit and meeting with the flood victims, Dr Mukul also distributed food items to them.
To promote the culture and traditional skills of the state, the Ministry of Tourism launched the Meghalayan Age Store in New Delhi on November 9,
Shillong, June 12: The North East Indigenous Peoples Federation (NEIPF) has expressed its concern over the welfare of the indigenous people of the North Eastern Region of India. The National Green Tribunal has banned coal mining in the state.
At the end of the competition, the youth organization also released fish seeds in the river with the aim of increasing the number of fish in the rivers in the village with the cleanliness of the environment.
“We are the ones who have been involved in bringing about the glory of the state, we cannot just listen when we see these things,” he said.
The inauguration ceremony was attended by Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Arun Kumar Kembhavi, BDO of Mawthadraishan C&RD Block, Bah L. Diengdoh and others. Senior officers from Sikkim and Mizoram were also present to witness the implementation of the project.
Shah said he went to the hospital for treatment on the advice of doctors.
In East Khasi Hills, 91 cases including 14 cases from Armed Forces and 77 cases from civilians, 8 cases in West Garo Hills, 8 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 9 cases in West Jaintia Hills. There are 3 cases in South West Garo Hills and 1 case in North Garo Hills.
The work that has to be done on computers by office workers is no longer required and it will save on the consumption of electricity.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Lapangap Unit has expressed its regret over the disrespect and disregard of the letter sent by the DC of West Jaintia Hills District to the DC of West Karbi Anglong District.
He said that since he won his first election in 2003, “the Congress has ruled the state for many years.
He reminded that the FOCUS scheme is not the money that the farmers have to pay back to the government, but it is a way to help the farmers to improve their agriculture. within the state' and the government will continue to do so in the coming years.
This was found by the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency.
“The government has also taken steps to improve and complete other large hostels and the government will also provide assistance for home stay to promote tourism in the state,” he said. added.
In one case, Rs 30 crore and out of this Rs 4.5 crore, the government has looted the people of the state.
Union Home Minister Amit Shah will address the Mega Public Rally on July 23 to mark the death anniversary of Dr Shyama Prasad Mukherjee. BJP leader in Jammu and Kashmir Ravinder Raina.
Raising the issue in the House, Bah Ardent said that this issue is very serious and the state government should not hold back but should take action to create the necessary conditions for the these are the people of the state.
According to the complaint, the JSM said that it can no longer see the snowdrifts along this road and has often caused accidents due to the poor condition of the road from Tuber Shohshrieh to Malidor.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Philakyntiew Nongkynrih, as the chief guest, expressed her gratitude to the NeIPS for serving the area and is pleased to support such an Institute. the needs of the youth of the area.
However, it has brought a name to the world for its cleanliness and beauty, especially the residents of the village who live righteously, respecting all those who come to visit it and followed by the villages along the Umngot River”.
If there is a scholarship, there should also be a share of employment and it should be implemented properly, without discrimination.
Union Home Minister Amit Shah on Friday said Mukul Sangma and Conrad Sangma have become the biggest stumbling block in the development and growth of Meghalaya.
I don't know why I don't use the internet for many days... I don't know if it's the company... I just pay and buy the recharge card to use it... And I like and want to join this new YouTuber group.
On the other hand, the group has decided to demand that there should be no Member of the Autonomous Council (MAC) or a Khasi leader in the KAAC. to advocate for the needs of the Khasi people living in the area.
Shillong: Leaders of the Congress Youth from Nagaland, Mizoram, Meghalaya, Manipur and Arunachal Pradesh today issued a statement condemning the Assam government's attacks on neighboring states in these areas. years now.
Not because they didn't know not because they didn't hear, but they were rejecting themselves.
In the team event, India scored 1573 points to win the gold medal while China finished second with 1567 points and Mongolia came second with 1567 points. third with 1566 points.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma at his office.
“They have received three contractors including Dondor Marbaniang from Pynursla, Rinaldi Ryngksai from Lyngkyrdem and Nibarson Khongbinan from Pomshutia,” she said.
Kennedy said that petrol pumps in Meghalaya have a capacity of 60,000 to 1 lakh liters depending on the size of the petrol pumps.
This is due to the number of cases of covid 19 and those who have been in close contact with those who have been infected with covid
Foreigners who don't know think that all these taxes go to the government.
He said that since 2014-15 when the NDA government was in power in Delhi, the revenue has been low.
Shillong, March 10 : Meghalaya has become the first state in the North East to have a State Mental Health and Social Care Policy. residents with mental retardation.
While the discussion was going on, some people phoned the Acting Syiem to come to the office of the Hima Sohra as he had been away for a long time. in front of the King's office.
Both men and women played in this tournament.
Speaking to reporters on October 15, Rikman said, “I have already sent the names of these candidates to the top leaders in Delhi.
From there, it will flow near Jakhau Port (Gujarat),” said the IMD. The State Government on Tuesday night to implement the chess and to monitor how to implement or how to prepare for the presence of the cyclone.
The Kingdom of Judah should be for the Jews only.
Another incident occurred at Wah Chichra, Manda Chibima, Rongchong Wageasi, North Garo Hills.
However, this government collapsed within three days.
Shillong: A group of Christian leaders in Shillong on Thursday met with Shri Satya Pal Malik, Hon'ble Governor of Meghalaya at Raj Bhavan Shillong.
The meeting was conducted by Tbn.Phein Nanglein, former MDC JHADC. The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Sonapyrdi Unit on Friday held the 3rd Annual Sports Meet
He said that the NPP is very different from others, in the NPP they have one idea without having team A, B or C. He strongly criticized the parties that work with the MDA. “In the past years, they have been involved in many activities, but when the election approaches, they bring up issues to defeat the NPP,” said Sniawbha.
The CEO emphasized the concerns of the ECI for the health of the employees and the needs of health care and all the best options free of charge and said that although there is no All necessary measures regarding the assistance of the Air Force should be put in place as directed by the ECI. On the need to provide helicopters to carry security forces The CEO's Office will send a letter to the Ministry of Defense for the necessary measures on both the Transport Departments. Meghalaya Department and the Air Force have confirmed that they will deploy choppers in the necessary places for the immediate needs to transport the staff as well as the security forces and the state police. They were also ready to help, especially in those places where they were in need.
Also present on the occasion were the Rangbah Shnong Bah Herman Dohtdong, the office bearers and others.
Prestone Tynsong also asked M Chuba Ao to mention those schemes of the central government which the state government has not implemented at all.
One of the most interesting games is “POLITICS”. In which this game is the most important of all because it is a game to build society.
“We cannot fail to remember the contribution of this Rangbah Nongialam who has worked tirelessly to build and protect the nation from the dangers that lie ahead which he has shown while holding the post of Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills. Autonomous District Council.
In the first innings, Tura scored 125 runs for the loss of 10 wickets and beat WJH by 27 runs.
Looking back at this market in these days, it is not clear about the backwardness of the indigenous people in the trade of inheritance because of all the collection of wealth from this market and the trade of inheritance. da u dkhar u kling who lives in the shops, who holds goods in the market to sell - who holds empty shops to store goods - who sells goods to the market dwellers around the area - who is clear He said that he doesn't hesitate to throw garbage because he knows that this is only a place to earn money while many of the Khasi have to live in the countryside without any protection. If the market continues like this, it is better than just talking about who is the owner and who is the owner. If the rain comes, the wind will blow and you will have to sleep.
Here in Meghalaya, the Planning Board can no longer be filled only by political party members or those close to the government.
Due to the weather conditions and the rules and regulations of the district authorities, this time the Sengbah has gone straight to the topic or the way to fulfill the thanksgiving. Dem Blei, without holding any other programs such as dancing, singing, dancing, music.
In the second match, Riatsaliya Mihmyntdu beat Catholic Youth Mihmyntdu 2-0
Shillong, Lber 7: A heavy protest has broken out at Resubelpara last night in which a clash broke out between the police and the people.
We sympathize with those policemen who do their job properly.
Shortly after the Lamphang suspended 27 Congress MPs, Rahul Gandhi, Sonia Gandhi were seen talking to other opposition leaders. The Trinamool, Nationalist Congress Party, CPI(M), AAP and Janata Dal United have decided not to attend the dorbar for the next three days. The suspension of these 27 MPs came after Sonia Gandhi, President of the Congress party, announced in the newspapers that the opposition will not attend the dorbar for the next three days. red way.
The spread of plastic and bottles is more common in deserted areas such as Lyntad Square.
Many Christians today before they go to church, ask – Who will preach? And when the prayer was over, some criticized the prophet and some praised him.
Do parents know about the sleep deprivation of their children at night and their sleep deprivation during the morning?
"At present we have not discussed or released the names of those who wish to contest the upcoming elections, but we will announce soon in due course, after the upcoming meeting," he said. said further.
The Government has allowed vehicles related to agriculture and livestock, the Government has also allowed vehicles carrying food and beverages, has also allowed students, teachers and staff to travel. of schools that are not yet in the middle of the examination.
What made his mother happy was that he had the spirit to work and work hard for his family.
The Government has amended the Technical University Act to convert it into a State University so that the Colleges of the State can be merged.
Justice TNK Singh issued the order today after the hearing and fixed the date for the hearing on 14th March.
Assam Rifles Public School and Umphyrnai Presbyterian Secondary School have won the semi final of the Under-14 Football Tournament 2023 on Saturday. The event was organized by the office of the District Sports Officer, East Khasi Hills District.
Rakkam A. Sangma said this to reporters after inspecting the construction of Eklavya Model Residential Schools.
He said that the government will fight as much as possible to focus on the development of education as this will develop the state in all aspects.
At the same time, Shillong received 142.9mm of rainfall while Umiam received 94.8mm.
The main objective of the villagers is to protect the fish in the Rymben River, to allow them to grow without any disturbance.
According to him, this incident happened a day after a report in a Karbi Anlong newspaper, accusing Khasi-Pnars of burning down a house in Tahpat village, Karbi Anglong.
Those who are required to obtain a license after completing MBBS should apply through the web portal of the Ethics & Medical Registration Board of the NMC and should choose the State where they will serve. and their registration through the web portal will be sent to the State Medical Council (SMC).
She said that as they don't have children, she gave her daughter to them in 2009 to take care of.
“As the NPP candidate from Mawphlang, I am contesting without dowry even though I have seen in the newspaper that other candidates from other constituencies claim that the NPP has spent billions.
Shillong, Naitung 13 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday said that the Government is waiting for some names of people for the appointment as Chairperson of the Expert Committee. to consider the State Reservation Policy.
This happened in March last year (2023) in Muncie, Indiana.
Explained by Bah Solomon Pyngrope, the reason why these mother plants have died without a single one surviving, is due to the deterioration of the seeds brought from abroad.
“This is a sacred institution of democracy that gives India’s message to the world," he said, adding, "This new Parliamentary Legislative Assembly combines preparation with reality , policy towards realization, determination towards implementation and sankalp towards siddhi".
Regarding the Pakistani flag in Jhalupara, some residents said that if this happens, the government should take action immediately, why the Pakistani flag was raised within the Indian border. .
Shillong, Nailar 21: Former MLA Nongkrem, Bah HS Shylla, in a statement today, expressed his deep sorrow over the incident that happened in the past few days in Smit.
However, he admitted that there has been a difficulty in delivering fuel to the rural areas in some places due to the lack of transportation or roads.
The next morning, she was found dead because the battery of her phone had exploded near her head.
Justice Bobde is one of four judges headed by Chief Justice of India Ranjan Gogoi to investigate the destruction of the Ramjanmabhoomi-Babri Masjid.
The Hima Khyriem on 28th March announced to hold the Nongkrem Festival on 1st and 2nd November
Furthermore, from Polo to Saw Furlong, the area is very dark because there are only a few street lights but they are not very bright.
Flour -3 kgs per 8 customers.
Father Marcellinus Riawed War is from Nongtalang Village and is the youngest of four brothers.
Last month, the HNLC announced that it has appointed Bah Teimiki Laloo as the new Vice-Chairman of the HNLC following the resignation of Sufiyan A. Hazarika. as the Minister of Foreign Affairs.
At this programme, the Seng has honored the winners including Samla David Iawram, who won the Gold Medalist from NEHU, Samla Gibeon Iawram who won the category Bachelor of Science examination from NEHU, along with two others who came first in the SSLC examination of MBOSE. Rangbah Shnong of Wahiingdoh, Shillong and one of the prominent leaders of the village.
He said that he is the only one from the neighboring villages and his village whom Star Cement has chosen to provide special assistance, and it used to provide T.2000 tyngka per month, but now for two months he has not received any assistance. T.2000 thousand tyngka.
So how can you buy it from us? and he also said that the least of the world are sacred to us.
Neha Hajong, who also won the Player-of-the-match award, scored 119 runs from 18 balls for 11 boundaries while SCA scored 211 runs and lost. 6 wickets in 35 overs.
Shillong, July 15: The Learning Links Foundation, an NGO working for the promotion of dissemination of knowledge, with the support of Intel Technology India Pvt.
Shillong: A shelter for tourists in Mawlam and a crematorium in Mawlam, Shillong, on Tuesday.
“Regarding the issues to be clarified by the Prime Minister, as the residents we have prepared a letter to read in person before submitting it on that day.
Police said that the heavy rainfall in the area has caused the landslide.
He said that as a leader he does not want to see that the people live in peace and get the necessities in the city, while in the border areas and in the rural areas they face problems.
He said that the arrival of the railway has opened the way for employment opportunities for the residents.
He also informed the meeting about the small start since the implementation of the NRLM in Meghalaya in 2014, after the increase in the number of SHGs in the state where there are about 45,000 SHGs. SHGs, 5500 VOs and 87 CLFs in Meghalaya.
There was also a Craft Fair, Singing Competition, General Quiz, Karaoke Open to All and a live performance by District Icon Chi-ïung.
Therefore, the laws should not be allowed to be violated because once they are violated, the rule of law will be destroyed and the wicked and their evil deeds will spread and grow and this will pollute the society.
Shillong, July 13: Hyderabad cricket team beat Meghalaya by an innings and 81 runs in the Ranji Trophy plate group match played at the MCA Ground. yesterday Saturday.
Those invited to the G20 Submit include the World Bank, the Ministry of Finance, the World Trade Organization, the Ministry of Trade and Industry, the World Health Organization, the Ministry of Health, and the International Monitor. India has been awarded the title of Leader of the G20 Submit for the year 1 November 2022 until November which was accepted by Brazil.
When asked about the step to be taken on the peace talks with the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma said, “I don't want to say anything on this issue, but I will say that taking action to further this issue".
The union feels that the government should have implemented measures to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners before implementing the railway line.
Malumala will be like this as I said.
This fish also has a body like shyiah because as soon as it is caught, it looks like a new hand and this is the whole body. The residents of this area who are good at fishing said that this is the first time they have caught such a fish and they don't even know the name of the fish. and they said that this fish was related to the tyrpud.
In a statement, Pynskhemlang W Uriah, Director of JETS 24X7, wishes all the people of the state a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. to each other.
“I am shocked to see in the newspapers that there has been an allegation in the newspapers that I have given NoC to the Assam Government to build the PMGSY road at Balakhawa,” said the Syiem of Nongspung Hima.
No one from the Governor's Office appeared in the hearing, although the case was filed against the Governor's Office, because he was the one who issued the The order to re-elect the Chairman and CEM and to abolish the post of Administrator in the Khasi District Council.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: A case has been registered against those involved in the riots at Charbatapara village in Phulbari constituency on Tuesday. TMC and NPP supporters and the police investigation is ongoing.
“We have prepared many of the necessary things such as the rules and regulations as the government has laid down. “It's going to be smooth,” said Bah Paia.
The court had earlier set a deadline of four months for the PWD department to complete the work within four months but it asked for 12 months.
Bipin Kumar Ray scored a half century for 53 runs.
The court has included the Khasi Students' Union, Moopyut, the Waheh Shnong of Moopyut and seven other villages as parties in the case.
The Ministry of Defense has acknowledged that the crossing occurred in June 2020, but the article was removed today from the ministry's website.
Some of them were rushed to Dawki CHC for treatment, but due to the heavy traffic jam, they had to be transported by boat from one side to the other.
Regarding the government employment, the report showed that the government has not set up a Special Employment Exchange (SEE) for the disabled in the state but there is only a Physically Handicapped Cell at the Divisional Employment Exchange. , in Shillong.
Bah Lyngdoh said these government departments should not fight but should work together, and not blame only the media.
Speaking to media, Ampareen said that on the 31st of July, the employees of 108 came to meet to discuss the proposal to run a new company for the 108 Emergency Service in the State. that the government should ensure the protection of the workers.
With its innovative and durable exterior design, advanced technology especially in safety features, the Hyundai EXTER brings confidence to explain in this regard.
All the requirements have been met with the presence of one person as a witness in accordance with the provisions of the NDPS Act,” police said.
According to the Rangbah Shnong, most of the foreigners have left except for a few who have asked for a little time.
And immediately the child received his sight, and was healed of the leprosy.
On the same day, the Minister also directed the officers in charge of the ISBT to look into the complaints of the residents that there are groups who illegally collect up to 200 tyngka per vehicle. inside the bus stop.
The names and addresses of the NBFCs registered with the RBI can be found here and if you have any complaint against these NBFCs, you can complain at.
The abolition of the post of Dolloi has affected the religion, especially those who still hold on to their traditional religion and customs, because there are no more rights and abilities to fulfill them.
More than 34,000 students have dropped out of higher education in Central Universities, IITs, NITs, IIMs and NITs between 2019 and Half of them are Scheduled Caste, Scheduled Tribe and Other Backward Class, the Ministry of Education said during a session in Parliament in the past few days.
Speaking to Mawphor, Jirang MLA, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, said that as a leader of the people from Ri Bhoi, he would like to extend his special greetings on this special teachers' day. Teachers have faced many difficulties in the field of education, but as those who have shaped the state and the country, they have not given up and have worked hard to sacrifice their lives for the sake of improve education in the state and the country as a whole.
Will the Assam government allow them to return to Meghalaya after the green signal has been given to them? Is there any intention to convene another committee to consider when the matter is not dead? Have you wasted your time, energy and money to resume the work that has already been done? All these are the rights of the citizens and various civil society organizations. various people who have a concern for the country and the nation especially for the border that has been inherited by our ancestors.
The demon torments him, he cannot speak, he wants to kill him, he is sick.
Ashraf Kamal from APEDA spoke on the export situation in Meghalaya, the ability to expand the export of agricultural products from Meghalaya, especially in the South West. Khasi Hills District, and how to transport properly and also to get financial assistance from APEDA schemes. At the same time, he also spoke on the implementation methods of APEDA to market agricultural products, such as the Buyer Seller Meet, Reverse Buyer Seller Meet, Trade fair, Outreach programme, Product specific Capacity Building programme, among others.
The award ceremony was also attended by the Asst General Secretary KSU EJHDU, Samla Pynshaikupar. Dkhar.
Likewise, the Indian player; who has now run for the first time in the 3000m SC of the current season, started the race from the bottom line and failed to match the leaders in chess. who was able to finish the race in 8:17:1
About 265 Nepalese students have gone to participate in special training in Israel, which is run by the Government of Israel.
The Raid Kongthong complained that the sordar should be elected in the dorbar from among the Majaw clan but the Syiem said that the kur should be elected and brought to the dorbar.
The Nongpoh Region Auto Owners and Drivers Association (NRAO&DA) has urged the Nongpoh Region Auto Owners and Drivers Association (NRAO&DA) to take action against the price of petrol and diesel. The decision to increase the fare of auto rides in some places in the Nongpoh area.
On the other hand, Chief Minister Mukul Sangma also discussed at the National Population Register (NPR) meeting that the implementation of the National Population Register (NPR) should be suspended first but should be explained to the people so that they can understand.
Lambormi Suchen, Director Bosco Pnar, Fr. Francisco Dhar and other invitees were present on the occasion. Speaking as the chief guest, he explained the need for such training programs for the youth of today. He said that he is one of the students of Bosco Pnar School and all the training he has received from This place has been of great benefit.
Have the rulers of Israel really known that this is the Christ? The Jews therefore said among themselves, Who knoweth whence he is?
Party leaders including himself and President Metbah Lyngdoh have met with these MDCs. According to the party rules, the decision on the MLAs or MDCs is up to the Parliamentary Board.
He strongly criticized the attempt to turn the DC Jowai office into a shopping mall, while the Iawmusiang Shopping Complex has not been completed yet.
Shillong, June 08: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has promised to hold talks with the Government of India and its party leaders in Delhi regarding the grievances of the Khappud people over the social border settlement signed between the two countries. Assam and Meghalaya to end the conflict in six places.
He criticized the 11 government ministers who are Mukul's disciples who put the seat first and the nation later.
In the northeastern part of India, the worst violence against humanity has been carried out by the Hima Bilat.
Lawse village has 219 households and a population of 1346, 682 women and 664 men.
According to a threatening letter sent to the Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma via email without a signature and without the name of the sender, the group has threatened to detonate bombs every month starting from the 1st of this month. Jymmang, 2022 if the State Government does not find ways and means to provide employment to the people of Meghalaya.
He was rushed to hospital for examination, and the medical officer said that he had a bruise on his face and signs of injury on his body.
He said this was done to ensure that no revenue is escaped to improve the state's revenue.
“The President of the country will stay for two months every year at these residences and this will give a message of sympathy and I have suggested that this temporary residence of the President should be in Shillong,” he said. .
The Magistrate of West Karbi Anglong District said that the area is in the middle of a dispute between Assam and Meghalaya and therefore Meghalaya should inform Assam before doing any work in these areas. bag of judgment.
They were accompanied by Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun, Nongstion MLA Macmillan Byrsat, Mawkyrwat MLA Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Mawkyrwat MLA, district authorities. Ri Bhoi and others.
KSU-JHDU General Secretary Bah SS Naingti said, “We must wake up immediately for the sake of the country and the nation and we must stand united to demand from the state government to implement the project. The ILP should be immediately introduced within the borders of Meghalaya for the benefit of us as indigenous people.
Sanbor said that in collaboration with the PHE and SMB departments, more than T.7.74 crore has been allocated for the pumping of water from the Jalanoh and Umsohphienam rivers and most of the tops have been completed. The water pipes have been installed and all that remains is to deliver the water through the Distribution Line.
Speeches were delivered by retired SE, K.Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi EE and others.
“The Meghalaya Games will be held every year and we have decided to hold them in Tura, Jowai and this will help to develop the athletes of the state and also to increase the number of sports venues.
The 20-year-old made his I-League debut on 28th March 2018 against Aizawl FC. The three players will play for Kerala Blastar and Shillong Lajong. he blessed them.
Mawkyrwat : The District Election Officer of South West Khasi Hills District has appointed Dr. Pratibha Singh, IAS, Observer for the 35th Ranikor (ST) and 36th Mawkyrwat (ST) Assembly Constituencies. Code G-24166, which is the General Observer of South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat, arrived in the district on 7th June,
On the other hand, the members of Rotary Club Jowai had the opportunity to discuss the activities of the Club which should be done well in the coming days according to the rules of Rotary International.
“The Khasi villages are still within the border of Meghalaya and KAAC and the Assam Government cannot own them. Shillong, Nailur, 27: U Policeman, who used to guard the Additional Judge of the Meghalaya High Court, has shot himself in the head. Wednesday.
He also spoke on the readiness of the North Eastern Council (NEC) to allocate T.11.50 crore for the Rural Market in Sohiong. completed by March 2019.
The ARPA, which is the umbrella of all ethnic parties, was established 10 years ago, but has been in the midst of a crisis due to allegations that the current CEM is unemployed and inexperienced. .
He was tried and executed at Ïawmusiang in
This was announced by the Minister of Rural Development, AT Mondal, in reply to a question by Mawryngkneng MLA, Bah Heavingstone Kharpran, during the Question Hour in the House.
It may be recalled that on 21st March 2022, the High Court had issued an order directing the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) to respond to the state government's proposal to allocate land for the relocation of the 342 households from Them ïew Mawlong if they are evacuated and the HPC has been asked to respond within four months.
North: the village of Siejlieh.
However, he said the UDP has not yet informed him about the reshuffle.
Not only that, there are also parents who have complained about the price of these books and school supplies sold in those schools especially when they find that the price has increased compared to what. which is sold in the market.
Any complaints can be lodged with the Electoral Registration Officer, 7-Amlarem Assembly Constituency from 27th March to 9th November.
As the Chief Officer in charge of the Civil Sub Division in Ri Bhoi, Bah Tongper urged the residents to support the state government for the implementation of various development projects and It is through the cooperation of the people that the government will be able to develop the area in terms of economic development, income and human rights.
During the Age of Christ and His 33-year public life, He taught and enlightened all people to the thoughts and principles of the Father.
To enhance the day, the Mutong Dorbar Shnong has organized a shondur competition, jngi competition, siat khnam competition and others including traditional dances and songs.
On the altar, the thanksgiving and the sacrifice were performed by the longheh longsan.
The candidates themselves who will enter the post of Khadar in the state and the country should understand for themselves that without a proper education is a major challenge for the management of the Khadar. the rulers of the land shall not be the rulers of the kingdoms.
In connection with the incident, the Ri Bhoi Police have found a body and rushed to the scene, but when the police arrived at the scene, the group of four persons. people, fled the scene.
In the first match, NEHU Tura beat St. Anthony's Extension 4-2 by a tie breaker.
I invite the people to come to this place to see the beauty and cleanliness of its surroundings and you will be amazed,” said Bah Teibor while speaking at the meeting.
Nongstoiñ, July 20: The Election Commission of India (ECI) on Tuesday announced that the Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced that the election of the Hill State People's Democratic Party (PDP) The election in the state will be held on the 27th of June. On Friday, 19th July, he gathered his supporters from his polling station in Tynghor.
Introducing this motion, the Mawlai MLA also pointed out the danger of moving these trucks from Umrynjah Bridge to Umden, Mawsiatkhnam to Mawlai villages. in Umiam, it has allowed vehicles even those carrying overloaded bridges to use this old and dilapidated bridge.
Prestone also expressed his gratitude to the Harijan Committee at Mawlong Market for through their complaint in the Meghalaya High Court, they have expressed their desire to sit down and talk to the State Government.
He said that the government understands the grief of the relatives, but the government has taken this decision to curb the spread of covid-19 in the state, so he appealed to the people that they should strictly follow this government directive.
“You politicians should be ashamed to say the same thing just to get votes.
It was also made clear to the public that the bill may increase for this and other reasons and this will be adjusted according to the findings.
Many farmers said that if the market for agricultural products is like in the past, their hard work will be in vain and the loss of crops will be severe.
He said the college has opened under-graduate courses in Arts, Commerce and Science, Bachelor of Computer Applications (BCA) and Higher Secondary courses in Arts, Commerce and Science.
At the same time, he congratulated the supporters who came out to complete the maintenance of the road until it reached Laskeiñ.
US President Joe Biden on Sunday invited the leaders of Japan and South Korea to attend a summit in Washington soon. come.
The arrested persons are aged 14, 13, 12 and 9 years.
They urged the relevant authorities to take action to resolve this issue and demanded that the land holding given to Sajay Laloo be canceled while the court has not yet decided who owns the land.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Rymbai said that superstition has started to spread in the villages and therefore “don't fall into the deception of other parties especially the new party 'VPP' can lead.
He said that there is only one bus donated by the former MLA which is difficult to provide services to the students.
The RBYF has demanded the reinstatement of two women in the MUDA department in Byrnihat after they were forcibly dismissed.
We are sorry to inform you that Kong Martha Lyngdoh has passed away on
It is surprising that the government has not taken this figure, because the Order of the Meghalaya High Court, dated 05.04.2022, which directed to draw up the roster, has also referred to this case. mentioned above, “R.K.Sabharwal vs.
— To date, 1.5 crore cows and sheep have been vaccinated.
On the same day, Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma said that the North East Food Show will be held annually and next year it will be held from 26th to 28th November. 2020.
The incident happened at Subansiri Apartment near the Government Press in Bamunimaidan and the girl fell from the seventh floor.
Not only that, the nurses on duty at the hospital, said that the man had thnum and talked to the nurses since they were ready to admit the patient into the hospital and they could not. The nurses tried to send him out but he didn't believe them. The nurses tried to send him outside the house but he didn't believe them. they called the Doctor.
Pensioners and the elderly are urged to stay at home to stay safe and prevent the spread of COVID-1
The suspect was riding in a Sumo number ML 05-S-6642 and when they searched the vehicle, police seized 2 vehicles. Police have arrested the suspect and have registered a case against him. Police have arrested the suspect and investigated the suspect. Shillong: The TMC candidate from Jirang constituency, Sunmoon Marak on Thursday alleged that it is the BJP-ruled states that have seen the spread of the NDPS Act. that's right in Bangladesh.
Egyptian world believe that the earth had pillar that held the earth.
We are also trying to see how to reduce the loss of power and how to supply electricity to the grid”.
It is also wrong to think that those in other churches or religions are sinners.
This thought took root in her soul and she decided to leave the child inside her womb.
Meghalaya's Chengkam Sangma scored 3/53, Ravi Teja (3/43), Aryan Borah (3/21) and Abhay Negi (3/77).
For a long time we have been “preaching"speaking" and crying out He is coming, He is coming, these are the signs that it will be fulfilled because He will not come until all is fulfilled.
the kings of the earth, and the nobles, the captains of thousands, the rich, the mighty, the slave and the free, shall hide themselves in caves and among the rocks of the mountains.
Speaking to media, the Principal, C Allya, said that she wants to accommodate her own children in the school although some neighboring schools have offered to provide space for classes.
The two deceased were from East Khasi Hills and West Khasi Hills.
In the Under-16 category, Diengshynrum SC beat Rymbai Skhenshynriah Sports Club 1-0 and in the 2nd Division, Diengshynrum SC beat Iatyllilang Sports Club Hingaria. 2-1 in the final which was played at the Artificial Turf Stadium in Diengshynrum on Saturday.
In all the inspections, it is necessary for the departments of the two Governments to attend and this was done in the presence of the people.
The devil speaks and believes that Jesus is the Son of God.
It is the foreign government that has passed a law to divide the nation.
They cannot even meet their household needs due to the high price of this crop.
Shillong: With only 10 days and a few hours left for the polling for the Lok Sabha elections 2024, the Election Commission (EC) led by the Chief Electoral Officer (CEC) has not confirmed the results of the Lok Sabha elections. They called upon all the Village Authorities in the villages to work together to make this election clean and transparent.
After what we have seen in the past, we as the citizens, we feel the desire to have a new political party that can spread in all the districts of the state of Meghalaya.
“We don't know where the fire came from but the Karbi alleged that it was burnt by the residents of Lapangap.
ejhd@gmail.com," or WhatsApp Nos.
Coriniki Slong, District Resource Person (DRP) of the LWS project, said that the main demand now is to educate the people not to be afraid or to refuse. discrimination and stigmatization of people living with HIV AIDS.
The foundation of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) is on transparency and good governance to avoid corruption and corruption.
“Brazil wanted to reach the final, but they lost to Germany,” said Sharad Thapa, one of Nepal's police chiefs.
The opening ceremony was conducted by Darimika Lywait, Zonal Supervisor of the project.
The Umngot River has a large number of fish. The Dalloi said that the water shortage will affect the cleanliness of the river if the Umngot River is dammed. The river is one of the cleanest rivers in the world and if it loses its reputation, tourists will stop coming to this area. and many of the young people of the area will lose their income if the tourism industry disappears.
And if we can do that, our land whether in the border areas or in any part will never be lost because the Witness through the identity is proven by the Name and the Story only why we call it the name so to those places.
Three pistols, bullets and other weapons were recovered from them.
The JSU demands that the government should clean up the number of mynder in the state and the government should also facilitate and allow them to leave at such a time and send them away. These Special Trains have been specially designed to return safely to their villages.
The union also expressed the desire to introduce books written by the indigenous people so that these forms of writing in textbooks will not happen again in the coming years and will mislead the people. students and that education will improve in the state as a whole.
I too am a Christian and I don't lie, I don't lie, I tell the truth,” said Ardent.
He said he did not enter politics to make money but to fight for the poor.
Speaking to reporters, K.Bani Working President of DCC said that the reason for the expulsion of the leaders from the meeting was that Bah Albinus Kharbani did not understand that many of them were involved in the meeting. Congress leaders and members of the NBCC have opposed him for his support and insistence to vote for the HSPDP candidate in the last mid-term elections.
Ten wickets in three T20Is have helped Haris Rauf and Shadab Khan to become the top scorer in Pakistan.
Kharkongor said that out of the 131 people who have been named, 25 have been summoned by the Police.
Youths and school children from Ri-Bhoi District today took part in a drawing competition as part of the celebration of the International Water Conclave on the importance of water for the preservation of water. for the future especially in these hilly states of our country which was held at the District Library in Nongpoh.
Shillong: U Vikram Thapa, (40) of Mawbah, EK Hills, has died of coronavirus on Tuesday.
From village leaders, women's organisations, youth organisations, students, religious groups and other voluntary organisations.
Jowai, Jymmang 13: The continuous rainfall since yesterday has caused the flooding of the Wah Myntdu which has covered all the fields in the southern and western parts of the river. in parts of the road which has affected the traffic.
“When I come to West Khasi Hills, I have to thank and praise the late leader Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh, for the strong foundations to protect the uniqueness of our people. shnong,” said the CEM while speaking at the meeting.
Besides playing football, Ma Sunday is also a badminton and table tennis player.
G.Kharmawphlang, IAS, Deputy Commissioner Eastern West Khasi Hills, District, Bah.
ha Wah Umtrew, Umtham Ri-Bhoi, with the aim of making Meghalaya one of the venues for this kind of sports, and to show to the world that there are children from the state who have this talent. lieng, and perhaps among those who have taken part will also be those who will compete in other major tournaments in the country and even the Olympics.
We as the Union of Upper Shillong Village Youth Associations are pleased with the KHADC's decision to issue trading licenses and to register the land dealers who fall under the jurisdiction of this Council.
At the same time, it urges other NGOs and private individuals to provide assistance for this incident, said a statement from Bah Eveningstar Marthong.
The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District has declared the area as a containment zone after some of the workers in the area tested positive for COVID-1 In order to prevent the spread of COVID-19, the area has been declared a no-go area.
The Meghalaya Drug Abuse Prevention Policy 2020 has been introduced by the Social Welfare Department of the State Government. The youth of the state have been affected.
Khliehriat, Nailur 7: The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has issued a request regarding the provisions of the Flag Code of India, 2022 and the Prevention. of Insults to National Honor Act, 1971, relating to the use of the flag of India.
The purpose of the rally was to get the support of all and also to explain the need to get a platform to express many of the problems faced by the Garo people.
The small hole is inside the big hole.
The Ladthadlaboh Dorbar Chnong has urged everyone to support the village by buying lucky draw tickets and by attending the village fete so that the village's objectives for the development of education and economic development can be achieved. village will be successful.
Five minutes later, Fedilia Lamare scored the second goal.
Shillong: The Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of Meghalaya, Bah FR Kharkongor, today said that the turnout in the 26-Shella constituency has been high. The turnout in the mid-term elections in the 26-Shella Constituency will reach 80%.
Robin Minz is one of the players who follows in the footsteps of MS Dhoni and like Dhoni, he is also one of the best batsmen.
It was also found that the fish seed pond has already been constructed but the other 9 fish seed pond are not suitable for use, due to the negligence of MeSEB, said the HNYF. In a statement issued by Bah Apbor Nongrum, President of Mawbuh Circle and Samla Bantei Umbah, President of Umsning Circle, they said that the government has wasting public money in the area.
The Movement also condemns the District Administration, West Khasi Hills for ignoring the 144 CRPC at a time when the VPP wants to protest on this issue.
He said that if MeECL cannot provide electricity in the area, the union together with the people will show their power whether it is to refuse to pay electricity bill or not. by other means.
Shillong, July 04: Two organizations, CSWO and TUR led by Agnes Kharshiing and Angela Rangad have lodged a complaint against former South Shillong MLA Sanbor Shullai at Sardar Police Station. He has been accused of illegally appointing his own children in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
However, he said that due to the increasing demands, the party has decided to take up the issue with the Prime Minister and also with the Coordination Committee of the MDA to discuss the demand to change the Reservation Policy.
The President of the BJP North Shillong Mandal, Wanlambok O Thangkhiew, said that since the formation of the BJP North Shillong Mandal on October 31, 2017, he has never known that Tony is a member. “But I don't say that he is not a member because the BJP is a big party, they can join online or from other places, but in the Mandal he has no part,” he said. said Mr. Wanlambok.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Rangstarwell Thabah expressed his gratitude and appreciation to the FKJGP for which many members remember to work together for the good of the society even though he did not. There is a wealth to give them but we understand that love and spirit are the greatest.
But go ye and learn what that meaneth, I will have mercy, and not sacrifice: for I am not come to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.
Shillong, July 5 : After various civil society organizations and the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) demanded that the government should release the report on the shooting death of Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew, Former General Secretary of the HNLC, Mawlai MLA PT Sawkmie has urged the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to release a report on the incident. The Commission was handed over to the retired Judge Justice T Vaiphei.
The DC said that the district authorities will continue to follow up and search the case and if they find those who committed the crime they will arrest and prosecute them under strict rules of law.
Speaking to reporters, Bobbeeta Sharma, Media Coordinator and Vice President of the Assam Pradesh Congress Committee, said that these nine questions have been raised by the party. These include corruption, high prices of goods, unemployment and others.
The meaning of the word 'Dewbyrtha' refers to mynder, foreigners, wild donkeys, wild cows, wild boars.
Also present on the occasion was Bah AG West Kharkongor, Chief Managing Director, NEEPCO.
“I have already informed the leaders in the state but I cannot order them,” said Dr Khongjee.
He explained that although the fish farmers have benefited a lot from raising fish to produce fish water, they still need to know other techniques. There are new scientific methods so that they can benefit more from what they used to do without following the latest technology.
“The people have suffered for many years, but in a moment Assam has come to destroy them,” he said.
A source from the party said that one of the issues that these leaders and members who are no longer satisfied with the working methods of Bah Mawrie is to demand his removal from the post of President. The meeting will be held tomorrow.
The assembly of the people is closed, the altars of worship are closed.
He said that unless the Reservation Policy is revised, the Khasi youth will be unemployed for many years.
Chairman of the JAC and President of the FKJGP Nartiang Area Unit, Bin Raliang, said that the Director Tourism has promised to complete the work before the puja in November.
From June 1, 2022, the allocation of funds by state government departments will be conducted through the eProposal System integrated with the Finance Department such as Budget Estimation and Allocation Management System (BEAMS), eBill and Treasury NET. .The initiation of these transactions helped to expedite the process such as approval, allocation of funds and release of funds.
Shillong, Iaiong 06: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Himanta Biswa Sarma today said that the fight against drugs is the struggle of all and not just of one state.
This party is like a pure virgin with the aim of eradicating corruption in the Khadar system where the people are only the 'langkñia' of the Heh saipan.
This was discovered during a joint inspection by the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah FM Dopth and government departments involved in the launch of River Rejuvenation to improve and revive the rivers from the Department of Forestry. PHE, Water Resources, Agriculture, MSPCB and others on Thursday.
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has signed an agreement to imprison those involved in terrorist activities. deciding to shoot them directly.
Speaking on the occasion, KSU Chief Leader Bah Lambok Starwell Marngar urged the Meghalaya and Assam governments to stop these attacks. The KSU will not speak anymore and will not hesitate to take action.
A source from the police said that such a school robbery has happened again in Nongstoiñ town on Tuesday night when the robbers have killed They also broke the lock of the office of St. Peter Higher Secondary School Pyndengrei and managed to enter the office room and broke the duli.
In the last four years, the government has tried to implement many programs and missions to bring about change in the farmers by distributing these assistance.
Instead of resolving the issue, he has fled to Delhi. Is this the way of the ruler?” said Bah Paul.
“The Nongspung Hima has issued the NOC and it is on this basis that Assam has started the work,” he said. and the public shall have roads in this area.
From the headwaters of the Umshaid River, the road follows the right bank of the Umshaid River and runs for about 10 kilometers until it reaches a small town called Umsaw.
“She said that she should not demand the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in the state for the sake of the people.
Shylla said that after he was appointed CEM and after an agreement with the village of New Nongstoiñ, he agreed to accept the proposal of the village of New Nongstoiñ and the Development Committee. 10 percent of the market will be allocated to the KHADC and also to the Hima Nongstoiñ while the remaining 80 percent will be given to the village. The market has been decided to open.
