According to Kong Dorothy, there have been more than 4,822 mothers who have given birth either at home or even in health centres.
Speech was delivered by World Bank Director Piyush Dogra.
“We decided from home to take my father to Guwahati for treatment because he has a nervous system disease, but he always told us that he didn't want to hurt us,” said the son. person.
Of these, 12 cases are from East Khasi Hills District, 2 cases from Ri Bhoi District and 39 cases from West Garo District.
Shillong, July 21: BSF troops of 36 Bn of South Garo Hills district have rescued a former teacher identified as Sh Robinson R Marak, 65 years old. They are planning to move him from one place to another on the Bangladesh border.
Bah T.Marweiñ, one of the elders, said that these thieves were able to break the locks without bombing with tyrnem or nar and when they entered the shops they carried the food. , sugar, oil, wheat, clothes, and all kinds of goods.
Sometimes, when the farmers go to the farmers or the village authorities to raise these issues, no one thinks or pushes them and all these things are just shouts or complaints to them. rngai ka ri khlaw (just a solemn cry in the wilderness) ! O why is it that the voice and the cries of the farmers are like the cries of the children of the sheep and goats in the hills and rivers when they hear again that cry that comes back to their ears from What is the echoing sound? Why is shisha so long ? Why, why, and why is this? When will the land owners of the countryside be encouraged to increase the wages of the farmers and when will the coal mine owners change their minds not only to reduce the destruction of farmland but to think and have mercy on the Mother Earth, the Mother Ramew, who has been destroyed.
“To Kiaw wei ba I who steal to go to work and go to work that I don't have a job like that I find only sleeping and sitting at home like this let me see where he walks and stands, then one day Risatein left the house early in the morning and Nangpyrdang followed him. He went straight to the thwei Pynkai Syntu Blai. Nangpyrdang ran home and told Nari Shadap that he had Ri Satein went there, and after a while Risatein also came home to arrange the day for his wife Pati Chynruin to come to his mother's house.
“There are also streams which have produced a lot of water in the past years but now we don't get water for many years,” he said.
They also said that even the 100 days bill has been delayed so much that the people have become poor and destitute in all aspects.
Jowai: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, LSN Garod Dykes, today convened a meeting with the leaders of the Myntdu River Protection Organization (Khuid Ya ka Wah Myntdu) and the Superintending Engineer. PWD Road, Jowai to discuss the need to protect the Myntdu River which is the source of water for the entire village of Jowai.
The police have arrested the entire gut line , and the investigation is ongoing.
Golaghat Deputy Superintendent of Police Partha Pratim Saikia said police are aware that 15 people have died and 27 are undergoing treatment at Jorhat Medical College.
He said that after these products have been recognized, the Cooperative Society will ensure the delivery of these products, so that the profit will go directly to the bank accounts of the farmers.
They have enough numbers to remove Dr. Mukul Sangma but these Congress MLAs who have the majority have not yet decided where to appoint the leadership and some of them have now returned to Dr. Mukul Sangma. .
Meghalaya lost 3-1 in their first match against Odisha on Tuesday.
“On the other hand, the KSU has said that we have nothing to say about uranium.
Shillong: U Sainkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), in a statement on his Facebook page, said, “During the British rule, the British Government at that time had promoted Sohra to the status of The capital of Assam in 1832 until it was moved to Shillong in
This arrangement is necessary to ensure that the aspirations of many postgraduate students from this state will not be disrupted and suffer because of this.
The arrested persons are Teimon Chyrmang of Jalaphet, Chemi Phawa of Myntdu and Lorisloma Siangshai of Wapung School.
During his visit to Malaysia, the President said that the association has been in dire straits especially in terms of the cost of work, but the association expresses its gratitude to the state government for extending its hands of assistance. lakh tyngka to the asscociation to lead the children to represent India at this tournament.
“The NPP's vote in the last MLA election in Khasi and Jaintia Hills was 3.17 lakh votes in
During the inspection, the union found that the college is not ready to open to the public, because the road to reach the college is still bad, and other shortcomings include water supply, electricity and others.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Home (Prison) Department, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, said that the condition of the Shillong District Jail is overcrowded and the government is ready to transfer them to New Shillong at Mawdiangdiang.
According to sources, the same groups also went to Gaptuli market, a market near Tebrongre where they tried to kidnap another trader but he escaped. .
Through the EPP, 14,500 children have come to showcase their skills across the state and out of these, 200 have been selected for the EPP. The players are currently on a one-year program divided into two parts which includes training sessions with coaches and weekly monitoring to check their skills.
Shillong: Two leaders, Martle N Mukhim, MDC from the HSPDP and former MLA, and Bah Remington Pyngrope, MLA from Mawlynrew from the UDP, have joined hands to support the MP candidate of the Regional Democratic Alliance. (RDA) and Robert June Kharjahrin.
The General Secretary of the union, Allfondbirth Kharsyntiew, urged the farmers not to allow them to cut kilos of their products.
The 1st Meghalaya International Open Grandmasters Chess Tournament will be held in Shillong from 12 to 20 November this year.
Awards were also distributed to the winners of various competitions organized by the DFO Wildlife, Jaintia Hills Division.
Your children are on the Cyber ​​shop for only 5 hours.
It was in July 2021 that the Government of India issued a directive to conduct a cow science examination, or 'gau vigyan' (cow science), which will be held this year in on June 25, 2021.
We have done a lot of development work in Bihar.
Children's Minister Kaushal Kishore praised the Mission's initiative in setting up Integrated Command and Control Centers (ICCCs) in all 100 smart cities.
Kamohi Najiar tied 15 runs from 20 balls while Damehi Rangad of Amity took two wickets in three overs.
It was also informed that the Dearness Relief mentioned in this order will not be suspended if the retired employees or the families of the retired employees have been re-employed in the State/Central Government or have been re-employed. whether under State/Central Government Company, Corporation, Undertaking, or Autonomous Body.
The fish are starting to be back in this river.
“Ka seng urges the state government especially the Minister in charge of Forest Conservation and Environmental Protection, to take action as soon as possible on this issue. “So that the purpose of preserving or protecting the forests will be meaningful in the eyes of the people,” he said.
In another development, FKJGP Mawshynrut Circle has met with the EE (PWD Road) regarding the deterioration of the Riangdo-Thaiem market road. The President of FKJGP Mawshynrut, Bah Teilang Nongkseh, said that in a meeting with the EE, he promised to do whatever is necessary, namely to order the contractor to repair and to clean up the garbage along the road because the road has not been maintained or maintained by the contractor within three years.
The union has suggested that the workers should be allowed to go to work as usual in various jobs and also directed them how to be vigilant and disciplined to avoid the spread of this disease. Shopkeepers should not allow too many people to enter their shops. Shopkeepers should provide sanitizers when customers come and wear masks. to carry less equipment than usual and use gloves when selling, drivers should also carry less than usual and at the same time provide sanitizer for passengers and HYC Shillong City President John Lyngdoh and Enlang Sawian, General Secretary HYC Shillong City said that the passengers should wear masks while riding in vehicles.
Diengshynrum and Sutnga Mission won the Second Division Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) on artificial turf at Diengshynrum.
China saw that it was difficult to station a large number of troops in the area and therefore, they broke the river at Galwan, where it split into many small rivers, using They puh shilum and other powerful weapons to block the road.
“As mentioned earlier, after the Meghalaya High Court banned the export of coal to Bangladesh, the Minor Mineral Lease Holder has appealed to the Supreme Court to cancel the ban. The Meghalaya High Court has issued an order to allow the mining of coal and the livelihood of all the people of the state. The committee will return to the state on 1st November 2022,” said the General Secretary of the Meghalaya Steering Committee, Bah Ribanroilang Lyngdoh.
The KHADC has already sent this order in a letter in March
Speaking on the occasion to congratulate the President in the House, Verma said that Indira was born to a Muslim and therefore the house of the Gandhis is the house of Gandhi. Muslims and thus want to hide their true religion.
Silas Lyngdoh scored the first goal for R. Wahshnong in the 81st minute.
On the other hand, the MeECL officer promised that it will soon correct all these errors, so that it will not cause inconvenience to the consumers in the area.
Bah Shangpliang said he will follow up on this to work with the Minister of Water Resources to get the funds from the central government.
The Madanriting Women's Association has provided assistance to those who came,” said Bah Ronnie.
They are clean in their speech, in their thoughts, and in their decisions.
Bah Nongbet, who contested the 2003 election from Lyngkyrdem constituency, was stabbed to death on Friday.
Shillong, March 20: The SRSBA, on Tuesday said that the traders will not be able to smuggle coal to Bangladesh due to the deterioration of the coal mine. PWD road to Borsora and Bakli.
“As of June, 2023, the Central Government has released T.272.34 crore to the State and the State Government has released T.30.26 crore.
What is more shocking is that even the police chiefs have to come out to drive as seen from time to time at Barik Point, which is the center of traffic jam in the city.
Shop owners should ensure that customers in their shops wear masks to stay at least 2 meters away from each other.
He said that the Government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has already provided injection needles free of charge which is necessary for the patients at any time. to give injection inside their bodies through health centers and said that if anyone among the public uses the same thyrnia of any person who does not already have the disease will change long that those who are clean shall also be infected with this disease.
Public participation is essential to bring about social change.
Bah T.Marweiñ, one of the elders of Nonglang Langpih, said that there have been some people who since 2009-10, have moved into the area and have their own houses. household, farm, crops and became full-fledged residents of the area.
But the survivors chased him and found him hiding in a house and beat him to death.
Shillong, June 27: Meghalaya falls under Zone V of the Seismic Zonation Map of India.
The employees of the FCI under the umbrella of the Bharatiya Khadya Nigam Karamchari Sangh have decided to stage a sit-in on the 6th of this month. ri on the 27th of this month.
“On the part of Bah Shakliar Warjri, Minister of Sports, said, “I am pleased to witness the rapid progress in the ability to empower the youth of Meghalaya through various initiatives such as YESS Meghalaya. and also the development of a Sports Policy.
Pity others who lack knowledge and understanding.
Is the HSPDP which campaigns for the Clean Political Campaign or the campaign to maintain a clean and accountable politics in the eyes of the people, as well as the party that stands equally on the foundation for the country? Whether the work of Maheh Hoping Stone Lyngdoh President of the party and Ardent Basaiamoit MLA Nongkrem will help them to win the MDC election, the answer depends on the people of Mawlai. .
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pala said that it is necessary to get high marks in your studies but what is more important is to have a good character and to have a sense of brotherhood, unity between the residents.
“Hep feels very strong, without any work, I have lost my whole body.
Regarding the provision of mobile phones to the poor children, the Minister said that not only mobile phones, but the children will also need data. I will have to do all these things.
“Chauhan, while checking the diesel fuel tank, disappeared without seeing and unidentified people also disappeared,” he added.
Perhaps our mothers have been stingy to teach and guide their children in the path of morality and to instill in them good thoughts.
The AICC chief in charge of the state said that when it comes to the elections in Khasi Hills and Garo Hills, we have senior leaders, and not just one, but many. The Screening Committee in Delhi will decide which of these leaders is most likely to win.
Jowai, June 15: The Badminton and Carrom Board Tournament organized by the Meghalaya State Government Employees Federation (MSGEF) Jaintia Hills Unit, Jowai on Thursday came to an end. The final match was held at the Seiñ Raij Indoor Hall Auditorium (Tpep Pale) Jowai.
He said that the Kokborok language can only be used in literature through Roman characters.
The time has come for us as Paradoh parasnam to unite in all aspects especially this challenge to the companies so that they do not take advantage of our paradoh parasnam.
Edar also criticized that for a leader to take the jait for himself, to change the jait as set by the ancestors, is wrong and too much.
“In relation to Dr DD Lapang who blessed me in 2018, he will bless me in 2023, in his soul even though we are no longer in the same party. world", he said.
Studies at the Cancer Research Center in Hawaii have found that those cells that are active allow other cells that are healthy and ready to show those signs and become a threat especially to those cells that have been infected with cancer. .
India won the SAFF U-20 title in 2022 after beating Bangladesh 5-2 in the final in Bhubaneswar.
Jowai, Nailar 7: A man has lost his life after being hit by a truck on Tuesday.
Also, tourists are advised not to approach rivers, streams and valleys when visiting these tourist spots.
He said that when asked who called from Mawsna village, the Rangbah Shnong of Pashang village replied that he did not know, because he did not know the phone number. That day, but he knew that the news of the allegation against these nine youths came from Mawsna.
Jesus will come again to this earth.
He said that there are still changes to be made, including the need for a Directorate of Forensics to strengthen the capacity of the police force.
They were identified as Okoye Christian Nonso (20) of Oroma-Etti-Anamera, Nwacimiere (29) of Ogutatuo and Agukwendu Stephanie Uchechi (25) of Negbidi Emo, Nigeria.
Sorry for the mistake.
“I will definitely take action in this regard and I will talk to the office of the Principal Conservator of Forests (PCCF),” he said.
Nongpoh, June 21: The Dorbar Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi District (DKRSRBD) together with the Federation of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi District (DKRSRBD) today expressed their condolences to the victims of the cyclone. The FKJGP of North Khasi Hills District, has arrived at Sohnidan village with 46 byrni of rice to distribute to the victims of these three villages which have been affected by the recent cyclone. that's happened.
Jowai, March 22: The residents of West Jaintia Hills have been shocked by the sudden increase in their electricity bill this month, according to the electricity bill, which the residents received on the 21st of this month. The electricity bill of R.Sumer has reached T.10,297 tyngka while in the previous month it has reached T.1,370 tyngka.
This is an era when people are concerned about their health and even the government authorities are struggling to improve the health of the people.
The union also requests the Government to punish severely those teachers who refuse to fulfill their duties and who do not provide proper education.
The Cabinet has decided to change the name of the park to Phan Nonglait Park and this is a decision taken in the past. The new name of the park has been changed due to changes in the authorities, but now it has been confirmed.
The investigation team also questioned seven policemen who were with AIG A. They confessed that all these vehicles were seized by AIG and seized only when he ordered them to. and he went out from the place where they were standing.
Many vehicles have been parked in the area since morning, the report said.
It is on this basis that if the Nepalis go to mushlia, it will put them in trouble.
The JNC has reminded that the Mini Secretariat (Integrated Development Complex) in Jowai has been inaugurated in November 2022 at Ladthadlaboh, Jowai, but till now there is no sign of the construction of this building to start. office especially residential.
However, here, we will take only a few words to discuss this subject which is broad and easier to understand.
JYF President OL Tariang said the government should take action to ensure that all the children should get admission to continue their education.
The Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that the visit of the group of Ministers and Officers to Bangladesh is to preserve the name of the hero of the Khasi Hills - Tirot Singh.
As it is a lengthy investigation report, we need to get more time and we will let you know what comes out of this report," he said.
Police investigation is ongoing to determine whether it was an accident, a robbery or a murder.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: U Bah Joannes JTL Lamare of Kynton-U-Mon, Nongkrem, East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday sent a letter to the Minister of Home Affairs, Amit Shah. They have requested to protest against the enactment of Section 144 CrPC by the East Khasi Hills District authorities in Shillong.
The death toll has risen to 1,059 in the past 24 hours, bringing the total to 59,4
At this place, there will also be several doctors along with medical staff to assist the people to get temporary assistance and these assistants and doctors are ready to come. shakem to be ready to provide treatment to any of the people who are in dire need of assistance during this time of crisis.
Regarding the allegation by Balen Thubru that there is something wrong with the attendance of HANM members and those who have been elected as leaders of AJCCTA, HANM has warned that it is not true and has misrepresented the name of HANM for attending the meeting. it is your own work, not your own.
Ma Salong of 'Sngi' won with 777 votes while Jemeo Dkhar of 'Pyrla' received 2403 votes. Jingkieng candidate received only 141 votes while Helpmi Dhar, Wait candidate received only 36 votes and 186 votes were invalid votes.
The rally was held to raise awareness among the residents about the dangers of smoking which affects the health of smokers, and the damage caused by tobacco products to the environment. environment and affect soil fertility, vegetation, climate, air quality, water and other impacts.
It is on these grounds that I have returned to the party with hope and hard work to restore the glory of the party,” he said.
Shillong, Naitung 29: As part of the observance of Sunday, the programs of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association of India (CPA) have been postponed and start after 12 noon after the end of the services.
It is learned that the suspect received the gold on his way to Guwahati from another person.
Referring to the ongoing construction at Dielang Market for jhur khutia and Dielang, the Minister said, “This building has been constructed with the government's assistance of T.2 crore to the Hima. to build a building for the retailers and Dielang, and now there will also be a cold storage to store the jhur as sent by the Hima Mylliem today, and I still hear that the kilo you don't have to go to Bhoi.
The BJP has always contested its own candidates in every election but now perhaps the leaders want the NDA to reach the goal of winning power again and they will support the candidates. The NDA is not only here in Meghalaya but also in Nagaland and other states”.
The UDP is now trying to overthrow the Congress MUA-II government after the Congress' defeat in the Assam and Tura elections.
The woman is a resident of Mawlai Kynton Massar and works at a school called KC School. She is from Kenbah Malai, Mawsynram Constituency.
The Cabinet meeting, chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has approved the amendment of Article 280 of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
Aimon Syad General Secretary, Waheh Shnong C. Siang Shai, Waheh Dong Sahsalie Pyllang Chyrmang and others were also present.
In March 2019, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) appointed Mary Kom as the women's representative for the 2020 Tokyo Olympic Games.
As soon as the man had finished commanding, the two men went to pick up the branches, and chose the best branches to get the precious stone, while the other was watching. And it came to pass, that when he began to go, he didn't go to the place where the two were, but first sought the oldest. and all the people came.
Bangladesh has suggested to the Indian government to exhume the bodies of the fighters who died in the 1971 liberation struggle.
When I heard this, I decided to speak many times in Parliament so that the people of India will know about our region,” said Rijiju. Students from Arunachal Pradesh in Shillong on Saturday.
The news was announced by his girlfriend Nicha on Instagram.
After this, they were allowed to appear for the interview but they will be punished if they do not pass the interview. interview”.
The HNYF Mawlai Circle has said that the government should implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) as it is the key to preventing the influx of mynder into the state.
Furthermore, in the field of Mathematics, it has been easier to take the examination by physically fit children.
The DC said that in accordance with the powers conferred on him under Section 135 C of the Representation of Peoples Act 1951, he has announced that the sale of kyiad will be banned on 25, 26 and 27 June across the country. which falls within the border of East Khasi Hills District.
Compete to show more patriotism.
They were handed over to NK Syiem SP Traffic at his office.
"We have accepted him as the leader of the Shiv Sena," said Maharashtra Industries Minister Uday Samant.
The Dorbar Shnong has also banned him from visiting his relatives, said Bah Wahlang.
Police have registered a case at Khliehriat PS u/s 120B/307/427/436/506/34 IPC. In the incident, it was found that a group of people were involved in the arson and police are searching for the suspects.
Besides, the PRIME Tourism Vehicle Scheme of the Tourism Department of the State Government has also distributed life jackets, first aid boxes and games to the operators of tourist spots that have water sports.
It was not the first time that the country's leading athlete and Rnong medalist at the 2011 Asian Championships has found herself involved in drug trafficking.
He was ordained Father of the Salesians of Don Bosco on November 19,
Those who do not know how to use these technologies are considered ignorant, dark, backward, stupid, etc.
On the other hand, Buam Myrchiang, Meghalaya Ex-Service League, recalled that there are 12 Khasi who have died as Indian soldiers and died while on duty. of that event.
The drug remdesivir was smuggled from Gujarat to Madhya Pradesh.
Former Congress leader Rahul Gandhi will lead a rally against the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) in Guwahati tomorrow morning.
Speaking on the Western Bypass Project worth more than T.800 crore, he said the project was initiated by the NPP and this project will bring about change in the lives of the people of the region.
Not only that, there are many other officers who have to look after even Mawkyrwat or Southwest Khasi Hills District, such as PHE and others.
According to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, the state government has written to the Assam government to meet with the Chief Ministers to discuss the issue and is waiting for the reply from Assam to set a date for the meeting.
That is our goal to achieve if the people support our party.
The competition was inaugurated by Dr. KK Nongsiej, Principal, Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat.
The photographs will be taken before the officers of Coal India Limited (CIL) and the MSPCB.
He said the bodies were found at a depth of 500 feet below the crematorium.
“We will collect information from all the depositors from all the banks, we are conducting a survey on this issue,” Mahanta said.
A source from the UDP said that at present the party is not worried about the leadership as it does not have a leader but what it is thinking now is only to get the number to hold. to the authority.
He said that until now, it is not possible to provide the exact information on how many villages have been affected by the cyclone and cold, but according to the information, he said. Only Klew and Mawbsein villages have been severely affected.
This was announced by Bonyfirst Siangshai, Publicity Secretary, Centenary Celebration of the Catholic Church.
The GNLA has called a curfew due to the continued harassment of police members across Garo Hills.
“There are bills that have been stuck for 12 years in the Secretariat just because of the differences between the ruling parties in the state government and district councils.
There are 40 areas in Nepal that China has occupied through the construction of a road from Tibet to Kathmandu, according to a government statement.
Pyndenumbri SC has also confirmed that it will fall to the 2nd Division next season due to its failure to score points in the last matches.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The Leader of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the production of fertilizers happened in 2014 during the rule of the MUA government. ) led by the Congress Party and that Prestone is still a Minister of State.
The number of cases of covid-19 in the country has risen to 6,427,058, with 46,045 deaths and 46,045 deaths, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) said today. The death toll has risen to 192,388 with 1,035 confirmed cases.
If the roster system ensures that there are Garo and Khasi-Jaintia equally in various government departments, then we need to change the 40-40 ratio,” he said.
After the outbreak of COVID-19 in the past two years, it has been seen that the people have been in despair because of the shortages.
Shillong: An MTC, coming from Tura to Shillong, has collapsed into the Ringdi River at Nongchram this morning.
In a statement, the Consumer and Farmer Protection Cell of the KSU Sengkmie and NKHD Unit said that the reason why the members of the KSU suddenly inspected the rice fields in Khanapara area was after the Plastic rice was recently found in a rice shop in Shillong.
The Dorbar Shnong Mookyrdup, one of the villages in Jowai, has been closely monitored as part of the implementation of the lockdown called by the government to combat the spread of Coronavirus. the entry and exit of people, especially those who come from outside the city.
It helps a lot especially for those who don't speak Khasi well.
They also said that the Bank should not delay more than two or three months to complete the works of the people for a scheme, but what has been found here is that the delay of the The bank is open for three or four months, so what is the assistance that the people will get when the cost is higher than what they expect.
According to information received, the NPP MDCs have not yet taken any decision whether to clarify or remain silent on the statement of the Prime Minister.
According to a Grinnell College poll, Biden beat Trump with 49 percent of the vote, while Trump received 41 percent. Those from the suburbs, who were considered to be Trump's biggest supporters in the last election.
The AIMIM leader wrote on Twitter that he arrived safely in Delhi with his vehicle and four other vehicles, accompanied by him, without any injuries.
Replying to the comments of some that she is a greedy and power hungry person, Dr Lyngdoh said that if she is elected as an MP, she will resign as an MLA. of principle that differs from other candidates fight and want change.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, today inaugurated the roads in East Garo Hill, including the 35 kms road between Nengmandalgre and Daribokgre, the 7.820 km L042 Cherangre to Gitokgre. , a 51.68 meter bridge over the Rongon River and a 51.68 meter bridge over the Rongre River at a meeting held at Nengmandalgre Square.
Meghalaya Chief Secretary MS Rao today wrote to Assam Chief Secretary Kumar Sanjay Krishna to urge the Assam government to screen truck drivers as part of its efforts to address the spread of truck drivers. for corona virus.
While Adam and Eve were alone in the garden of Eden, the serpent did not rule over them.
Two male drug traffickers aged 29 and 30 years old were arrested during the raid.
The special team will be based at Madanrting Police Station and will cover Mawkynrew Block, Mawryngkneng and Mylliem Block villages in East Khasi Hills.
“The Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the state has also said that the government will punish and black list the contractors who work in the right way. street" he added.
According to the village authorities and women, many households have survived the whole year if they spend only less than T.1,00,000/- However, many households are still poor. a very poor book in the means of income.
The CEM said that the EC will do its utmost to resolve this issue,” said Bah Purningstar Shabong.
In the letter, the union demanded that the PWD (Roads) department should immediately repair or improve this road to facilitate the traffic of the people who use this road.
The next celebration will be held at the Dorbar Bah of the Kur Warjri at Sohryngkham on the 11th of this month, said Bah Sunshine Warjri, Chairman of the Seng Kur Warjri. parakur from all over the Bri Hynniewtrep to attend the ceremony.
Therefore, after the setting up of the gate in the area, the union has warned the people living in the area, not to continue these trade activities with the people from Assam. , because if they continue, it will endanger the people living in the area, especially as Assam has been one of the states with the fastest increase in the number of cases of COVID-1 added.
Modi said this in response to a question raised by the Liang Pyrshah that he does not have confidence in the Modi-led government in the Lok Sabha.
He said that the residents have complained that the company is dumping garbage into the drinking water wells which is the only water well of the villages in the area.
He said that the allegation that the government has not brought about development in Ri Bhoi is not true because Ri Bhoi has been recognized as one of the districts that has improved in the country. The MDA government has improved the district.
If you don't have anything to do with it, don't explain it.
“In 2015, the High Court had issued an order that the Rangbah Shnongs can no longer issue syrnot to anyone but the Hima Nongstoiñ is exempt from this decision. In 2003, the Hima had already prepared the Nongstoiñ Syiemship Act which empowers the Rangbah Shnongs to issue syrnot,” he added.
BIS currently has 32 Memorandums of Understanding (MoUs) and 09 Bilateral Cooperation Agreements (BCAs) signed with National Standards Bodies and other foreign bodies.
Shillong, JNU 11: The Joint National Union (JNU) on Tuesday inaugurated its full office at Laher, Karbi Anglong, Assam. The meeting was attended by the Rangbah Shnongs of Bolck I area and about 700 Khasi Pnar people.
Shillong: The mid-term elections for the Selsella constituency will be held before October, said the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of Meghalaya.
He also hopes that in this book the author has had the opportunity to put and write many of the heritage stories of the village as a whole.
Even the Christian churches should investigate whether anyone has produced counterfeit Bibles – Instead of "Whoever judges his brother will be judged – deceived – whoever judges his brother will be honored" " To I'm first day in the Kingdom and the law of God – – – – deceived – To live the first day in the _ _ _ _ ".
Kharkongor said two of the main issues in this election are the spread of the message to use environmentally friendly materials by avoiding the use of plastic and one is the use of plastic. Skylo can be used to send Whatsapp messages from places without a mobile network.
The Second Division and Third Division Football Tournament of the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) has been held at the Synjuk Stadium in Diengshynrum, East Jaintia Hills District. SWO Moosiang Lamare Rim beat Wapung SWO 1-0 on Thursday. Solmon Sympli scored the first goal of the match.
SEPSD Vice President JR Dkhar said that due to the unclear weather, during the inspection due to heavy rain, the AIR Testing could not be completed and the MSPCB Engineer said. The testing will be conducted after the end of the rainy season so that the test will be clear.
It should be based on the wisdom of the people at the table.
There are only 56 cases of these diseases worldwide.
The NPP MDC from Sohryngkham Constituency, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, said that the Khasi Hills Democratic Front (KDFF) has 18 MDCs including 12 MDCs from the NPP and 12 MDCs from the NPP. 6 members of the Congress.
These are the blocks where you can find the bridges.
At the exhibition, Bah Damewanhi also exhibited the endangered species of wild orchids called 'Wild Orchids'
Iawmusiang has been around for many years, He has been around for many years.
On this occasion, HANM Upper Shillong Mylliem Circle also distributed donations to two orphanages in the Mylliem constituency.
Following the confession of one of the drug traffickers who was arrested from a house in Nongmensong, Shillong, Khliehriat Police have arrested two more drug traffickers from Manipur from Shillong in a raid on long on the 18th of this month.
“It is the goal of the MDA government to bring closer to the people.
It was also published in NongsainHima on the 23rd and 24th of October.
Timothy said he had no reason to resign but could not come for some reason.
Christ has overcome death and sin by His resurrection and His resurrection makes us sing “ALLELUIA” on such a day and throughout our Christian lives.
In India, 13,387 new cases have been reported, the death toll has risen to 437 and 1,748 have recovered, the government said today.
When asked when the MCH will be opened and whether there is a plan to increase the number of beds at the Civil Hospital, she said, “This work at the MCH is still under arrangement.
Regarding the current border issue, Bah Lamphrang said that the party is still waiting for the border demarcation between Meghalaya and Assam until it is completed. they do not reach anywhere the organization will do the necessary work in relation to the border.
Steamroll : a steamroll, a steamroll that doesn't roll on the ground; takraiñ is not tied tightly.
Here are some of the most common symptoms of thyroid disease that you should know.
Another method of planting in the plains is the ridge and furrow method, which means the method of planting in the lights and furrows.
The service will begin with Holy Mass at 10.00 pm and will be followed by the Eucharistic Procession at 1.00 pm.
I don't want to be a japreid...I don't want to wear clothes anymore.
Up to 32,678 out of 57,371 students from 644 schools have passed the SSLC examination which was held at 152 centres.
“What the BJP President Mawrie said, on my part, I don't have anything to say, but regarding FOCUS, it is a scheme that the state government has already launched. and the Chief Minister for the farmers and other producers,” he said.
She also complained that even a person with visual impairment can see many coal trucks on the roads in Meghalaya.
No one is allowed to travel from one district to another from Shillong without proper passes.
This will thus be the first Budget Session of the 1st Legislative Assembly in the State.
On the other hand, the Congress has strongly condemned the incident and demanded a thorough investigation into the incident.
Therefore, there is a serious problem to get adequate electricity and it has been witnessed that even during the rainy season, the electricity has been turned off for many hours in Shillong and other parts of the country. the state.
CCTV and Web cast cameras have been installed at the polling station during all these hours.
Ma Gilford Pde from Chilliangraij Village has started his photography business during the lockdown imposed to fight against COVID-19 after he stopped driving, and took up the job as a source of income. him.
Regarding the opposition of the Nongstoin Block Congress Committee, he said that this happens in any party, but it is a security issue which they have to resolve within the household. walk steadily.
About 100 midday meal workers in various government schools in the district have been protesting against the lack of salary for six months. Poshan held a one-day protest by tying shamoit on plates.
"“According to the soskular signed between Syiem Bamon Sing Syiem, who was the former Syiem of the Hima Maharam and the elders of the Raid in 1944, the present Syiem of the Hima Maharam has violated the agreement. social.
Especially in the past two or three years, many people have eaten only vegetables.
When asked whether there are any organizations who oppose the deployment of security forces by the Central Government in the border areas, alleging that the government has not understood or been misled regarding the problems faced by the residents of the border areas, u Bah Paul said that these areas cannot be left without security forces as they are dangerous areas.
Tuber and Lasky Rymbai UDP, Kerbhami Dkhar (NPP), Bhalang Bang (INC), Helping Phawa (PDF)  and Wanthmu Phawa (Independent).
When inquired, another vendor said that the price of local kha has increased, and since the ban, he has not kept any more imported fish.
It is recommended that all transactions be recorded as soon as possible.
When the child was examined, it was found that the child could not breathe while sleeping with the mother.
Ryntih are 14 and 13 points ahead of Nangkiew Irat, Ryntih are in fourth place while Nangkiew Irat are in third place.
According to the reporter, some of the people who live nearby, said that the area has not been flooded in the past few years, but the The floods have occurred only this year, after the installation of the Weigh Bridge at Umling.
He added that the question arises whether the BJP has the will as the Government to protect the uniqueness of the people of Meghalaya.
“It is for this reason that until now there are still houses of Khasi who still hold the traditional religion which are built like ships that have sunk.
Later it was found that he was the one who shot dead the members of the family and the police and law enforcement authorities of New Jersey have charged the student under the provisions of the law. and this incident.
Shillong: Ma Lasky Rymbai, the candidate of the United Democratic Party (UDP), has won the Tuber Constituency.
He said what would happen if all the MLAs sat in the House or what would happen if it happened in the morning.
“Even if the contractor has been awarded the contract, it is clear that the Indian Institute of Geomagnetism does not want to allocate any land and the NHIDCL feels that it cannot be done. to change the alignment in this case to avoid taking land from the Indian Institute of Geomagnetism.
AAY rice will be distributed at 35 kilos per household free of charge, while PHH rice will be distributed at 5 kilos per household free of charge.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Secretary of the Society, Ma Shaniah Phawa, said that the lockdown has affected those families who have children with disabilities. They can no longer go to work, and at the same time such people do not have the opportunity to work and farm like others, because they have to look after their children who have disabilities. that members.
After this, police conducted a raid on the residence of Shwamiki Lyngdoh and seized 24.47 grams of heroin.
Mairaj once again continued to score four goals in the second match although Ganemat escaped to score two goals and once again the opponents escaped. to save three birdies and lead the national team to another 4-0 victory.
The union said that the presence of the union will prevent the Pnar people of Block-1 from expressing their demand on the grounds of returning their land to Meghalaya.
Twice we have met with the Home Minister of India , Amit Shah , but he has not answered or said anything regarding the ILP in the dark.
She reminded that we should put God first so that we can focus on our studies, said a statement from the General Secretary of the party, Bah Prospermin Kongwang.
“Relations between the two countries have become closer and it is necessary to implement waterways so that relations can develop in trade,” said Dr. Mukul. Investment & Policy Summit 2016 held in Dhaka.
Excel Entertainment has already signed an agreement with the state government to shoot the film.
Also, as the registration of candidates will start from 31st July 2023 to 7th June 2023 from 11:00 am to 3:00 pm, the District Magistrate of Eastern West Khasi Hills District Hills District Mairang, in an order issued on 31st July 2023, under Section 144 of the CrPC, has banned the use of more than three vehicles by candidates during the voting process. name.
?He said that the ABVPP strongly condemns and demands an inquiry and to ensure the rights of the indigenous people to get jobs.
There were 14 office bearers but 9 of them have left, 2 have left the party earlier and the remaining office bearers are only 2 working president Bah PK Raswai and General Secretary Bah GG Bung Snaitang, said Bah Khrang Lyngkhoi, President of the party.
Worldwide, there are 120,013 deaths, of which 81,474 are in Europe.
The team led by Khlaiñ Pyrkhat Syiemlieh has scored 3 points from 5 games to remain in the top position among the 7 teams in Group-A and the last position has been won by Arunachal Pradesh (2 points).
The ERO has announced that complaints against those who apply for registration should be submitted to his office or the Assistant Electoral Registration Officer or BLO before 15th July.
Bah Neil's band started its career in 2010 after it brought fame and glory to the Hynniewtrep people by winning the new competition. India has talent.
The syiem, the patsha, the sordar or the rangbah Shnong, the great or the small, the elder and the san, are not allowed to do anything in secret but they speak and decide in front of the dorbar.
Shillong, July 12: Power Grid and Inningstar have won the Shillong Cricket League 3rd Division cricket tournament organized by Shillong Cricket on Saturday. Association in collaboration with Samkhamti at Urkaliar Square.
The intensity of the explosion was about one-third of that of the bomb in Hiroshima.
The meeting was held in compliance with the Government's safety measures in connection with the Corona Virus.
The incident happened near a petrol pump at Tahkhniang which falls within the boundary of Tuberkmai village.
Therefore, I still like Prestone's government, whether it is more or less, than the President Rule of Mody, as I said, if Prestone tries to understand this. role.
Sim Cards, 4 Torch Lights and 2 Tari.
National People's Party (NPP) Leader and Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, on Tuesday left for Sohiong to campaign for the party candidate, Bah Samlin Malngiang.
“Cherrapunji is the name of the country.
Shillong: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) in a statement sent by Samla Forwardman Nongrem, President of the Khasi Hills District (KSU) has announced that the KSU will cooperate fully with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) of the district and the state. Health Department) on the fight against the corona virus.
According to the NPP leaders, the GHADC will hold a special session on the 19th of this month to elect its Chairman. The NPP has announced that the CEM candidate of the NPP will be Conrad Sangma son of Purno A Sangma. The party has elected him as an MDC.
Informing about this on Thursday, the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that they expect many benefits from tourism in the state through this festival.
This was taken at the first meeting of the Cabinet on Friday.
In connection with this incident, the police together with the district authorities, have tried to search for the robbers but could not find them due to the overcrowding in the market.
In West Garo Hills, 12 cases including 10 BSF personnel and 2 cases from Tikrikilla, in East Jaintia Hills District, 6 cases from outside the state. Five persons have tested positive for Covid-19 in West Jaintia Hills District and one person is an employee of the Corona Center in Jowai.
Only once will the farmers and consumers receive a price that will satisfy them.
We don't want to see the people of the state suffer," he said.
The Seng has complained about the illegal entry of foreigners into the Electoral Roll since 2015 and the Seng has not hesitated and is still monitoring so that foreigners cannot enter the Electoral Roll. Illegal immigration will affect the customs and traditions which we consider sacred in the Bri U Hynniewtrep.
As a writer, when it comes to the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to fight against the COVID-19 or Coronavirus, the situation of us human beings is in danger because we cannot follow the rules of COVID-1 This is especially true of COVID-19 appropriate behaviour.
After the former MLA, Bah M.Rapsang left the Congress, he joined the NPP. Therefore, the group of Bah Auguster did not join the NPP, but went to support Bah Paul Lyngdoh who is contesting from the NPP. The UDP won the election.
The nomination of a candidate or party is no longer necessary.
Ma Hilarius reminded the people that in 2008 when Ma Sñiawbhalang Dhar started contesting the election he donated his cars, motorcycles and wealth to win him.
Prestone said that even the BJP cannot join.
Shillong: The spokesperson of the All India Trinamool Pradesh Congress Committee on Friday sent a statement to the media in the state through the media. The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, was also asked about the inability of the government to address these issues and the excessive delay in the work of the MDA Government in the state.
“So far, 2,079 villages have been free from open defecation (ODF),” he said.
“The KSU Nongmensong Unit this evening (Friday) has conducted a thorough investigation into the shooting death of a Khasi man and his wife by a group of bloodthirsty men in Nongmensong this evening 20th June at approximately 5:00 pm," the statement said.
Speaking to reporters, Rakkam said, “Just to inform everyone that yesterday I had a phone call with the DG of the National Testing Agency (NTA), New Delhi, who informed me that for the post Three CUET Centers will be set up in Meghalaya - one in Tura and two in Shillong.
This can lead to harm not only to their families but to the society as a whole and especially to themselves.
Dr. Wompher Langbang, a doctor who is specially trained to treat children at the Civil Hospital Nongstoiñ, said that the disease is very dangerous because it affects the health of children especially the children. children children.
In an 18-page letter on page 11, Sen wrote to the CBI, naming Himanta Biswa Sarma, alleging that Sarma had taken Rs 3 crore from him.
This action of the Government of India has also destroyed the desire of many minorities, indigenous people in India and those who still desire to rule and administer the Khadar system independently in order to develop and preserve the customs and traditions of the nation.
Rohit Yadav top scored with 19 runs from 24 balls and Darius Ranee took one wicket in two overs.
Paul responded to Michael Pakynteiñ by saying that he is a person with a bad mark and who escaped from jail after his arrest on 31st November, 2014 at Laitumkhrah PS. He said that he will have to appear before the District and Session Court Judge on 3rd June,
I want to know more about HIV aids.
The person who invited the people through social media posts is Sengbath D Sangma.
Through the corona pandemic, it is therefore not only the beginning, but that government ministers, government officers, should continue to learn to write and speak in Khasi and this will be of benefit. There are thousands of people who don't know how to speak Hindi or English.
Shillong: The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) today met with the Dy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Prestone Tynsong to raise the demands of the 1st Farmers Parliament. 4 and 5 November 2018.
Lamphrang Kharbani, President Central Body, HANM East Jaintia Zone, HANM Women's Wing and others were present.
Meanwhile, KSU General Secretary Auguster Jyrwa said that Mawpdang village, which is in the process of selling the land to the government, should turn around.
For Andy, the older player has entered the game in their split of the first five matches between the two.
We urge the people to take care and keep Mopthran clean and not to put illegal signs on it,” said the BJP leader. Shillong, November 30 : The President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) Vincent H Pala said that the Voice of the People Party (VPP) will be the party that other parties in Meghalaya will find it difficult to fight against. Speaking to reporters, Bah Vincent, who is also the MP from Shillong Parliamentary Seat, said, “The VPP will always be the party. One of the parties that will be able to win the votes in the upcoming elections because in the short period of time it has been established, it has received a good number of votes.
Islam is a state policeman who was arrested for allegedly raping two girls but escaped from police custody in July last year.
“The All India National Boxing Championship and the All India Table Tennis Championship are other tournaments held in Shillong.
Initially, the police shot in the air about 10-11 times to threaten him to throw away the stone in his hand, but as he did not throw away, he tried to fight. and his right hand fell upon his right hand.
At the same time, he requested the Chief Minister and the department to take action by finding ways whether the government has the means to pay compensation to the farmers in case of damage or disaster. so that the farmer does not lose anything.
On this occasion, these full leaders of Nongpoh Block were confirmed and as new leaders they decided to work hard for the strengthening of the party and especially to prepare for the 2023 election. Macdalyne S. Malawo will be the candidate of the NPP Party for Nongpoh Constituency.
Khublei ShibunThe word happiness is a team word if you think carefully because we Khasi are more friendly to each other and we say happy that you are still alive and you should be dead or happy that you are alive I don't know if I'm going to have an accident or if I'm lucky that I'm still earning money or if I'm going to be able to do it.
Manbhalang said the visit of the party members to Meghalaya was to talk peace and not to surrender to the state or central government.
Waheh Shnong Lephing Pyrtuh in his speech explained the need to preserve the environment from the forests and wildlife and this will be achieved through the planting of trees.
Shubham Rasaily tied 33 runs from 23 balls and Manthan Dey tied 9 runs from 10 balls.
These SHGs have collapsed and disappeared completely and only a few survivors are run by those in the group who have no relationship with those in government, who know how to run upwards but in and the countryside was destroyed.
Other speakers on the occasion included Basan Raid Nongkynrih, Bah T.Rynjah, Rangbah Shnong of Wahtyngngai, Bah K.Rynjah, Head Teacher of the school. children of this school.
This year, the State Tobacco Control Cell (STCC) of Meghalaya has received the WHO Director's Asia Region Award for the best speech in the fight against tobacco consumption. .
Shillong: U Alexander L Hek, MLA of the BJP Meghalaya and Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, today clarified that the statement of the President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, Bah Ernest Mawrie, said that if necessary, they will withdraw from the MDA coalition government, but he did not say that they will withdraw from the MDAU government. Think together with the party as a whole and if there is any problem, we will take a decision with the same opinion.
Two residents of Loompyrdi Iongpiah have donated money to an ASHA worker at Chutwakhu Urban PHC, Jowai.
Hopefully all these problems can be overcome with the initiative of our leaders and also with the smooth running of the market so that it will encourage our farmers and youth. who have learned to turn to agriculture as a livelihood.
This continued for 3 years, until I reached class 9, I started to surprise people with the advice of my teachers and family members.
At a meeting held at Mawphlang today, Blah joined the party in the presence of Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister, Dr WR Kharlukhi, MP Rajya Sabha. The President of the NPP in the state, Bah P Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah and many other MLAs and Ministers of the State Government.
“Hep, I understand that you really love me, but when I think of myself, I feel sorry for you because I am not worthy of your reputation.
No e-permit is required for this purpose.
“If I have done anything wrong, then they should fight against me, but I don't remember doing anything wrong to anyone and it has never been my character since I was in the country. the Congress”.
There is no strong social structure to be united, to die together or to live together.
If the MDA government does not complete the remaining arrear, it has failed in front of the teachers and education in our state.
“Many times when we talk to the elders these days they say that the nation needs to revive another Lehnoh party, but I am happy to say that we have already become Lehnoh and it doesn't mean that we are Lehnoh. We are armed rebels, but rebels on the basis of truth, who have a fearless fighting spirit and who never surrender,” said Samla Lambokstar Marngar.
Twitter users in these countries, including the Grand Mufti of Oman, have warned against buying from Indian countries, which operate markets in these countries in the Middle East. a lot of stores, which have removed Indian-produced items.
The cost of the work was renewed to Rs 3.16 crore and Rs 2.52 crore respectively on June 14,
Strategy : the strategy is not to be prepared; ktem is a place where all kinds of creatures live.
It will speak for our people.
He also urged the people not to cause trouble as the government wants so that this protest will not fail.
I ask this question to all the Khasi who have learned how we Khasi and Garo feel the same when we don't have those similarities.
Rangdamon Laloo of Mowkaiaw scored 24 runs off 22 balls.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sothenes Sohtun and Bah Jason S Mawlong praised the MDA government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma for bringing many development projects especially for the development of farmers in the state. as an opportunity for the poor families in the state to improve their income.
On this issue, Bah Pangniang said that he will consult with the legal experts and the people before taking a decision on what to do.
Peters, who won the 93.07m (Personal Best) in the previous tournament in Doha, will also lead the tournament where he will face Chopra, who will face Chopra. Vadlejch, who came second at the European Championships and silver medalist at the Eugene World Athletics Championships, and Vadlejch, who also created the 90m title in the new season, record in the Doha leg by throwing Sum in a distance of 90.88m in the first attempt.
However, earlier, the affected people had appealed to the Supreme Court which had suspended the order of the High Court.
“We have done a lot of work in the last five years when it comes to roads, water supply, I expect that we will be able to pour out work in the next five years where we will be able to ensure that all households “They will have tapwater connection and it will be ensured that all the villages will have roads and all households will have electricity,” he said.
MePDCL is already preparing to lodge a complaint with the police against some of the households who have stolen electricity including those who have misused the meters for not paying the fine on time.
Selected children who require more information from 8th February 2023 to 14th February 2023 can call these numbers. For children under DSO, West Jaintia Hills District please call 9774370848/ 9863118539, for children under DSO, West Khasi Hills District and Eastern West Khasi Hills District please contact 9436100795/ 9366641715 and for children under DSO, East Khasi Hills District please contact 8837421174/8837293806/9 For more information, please contact the office number of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association.
Speaking to the residents and members of Self-Help Groups in Laitsohpliah, Conrad said that in the last 50 years since independence, the number of SHGs has been increased. of women to 5000 and financial assistance worth Rs 30-35 crore has also been provided.
It is on this basis that the KSU Nongpoh Circle has informed the leaders of the KSU Nongpoh Circle and the KSU Nongpoh Circle has lodged a complaint with the DMHO of Ri-Bhoi District. that such an incident puts people at risk, especially if they are drunk.
The program aims to clarify the rights of prisoners under trial as well as those who have been convicted.
Ronnie said the villages which have expressed their willingness to sign the Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) are Mawlai, Mawiong, Lapalang, Lawjynriew, Lumsohphoh, Nongmensong, RR Colony, Rynjah, Umpling and other villages in the area. New".
This cleans up beautifully and he shaves his beard beautifully.
(1) Abraham:- Abraham was a man of God whom we all believe to be perfect.
The water level in these coal mines is not less than 165 to 200 feet and the depth of the mine is about 370 feet.
I would like to express my gratitude, thanks to the authorities, my family and all those relief teams.
Then if all our sins are forgiven, we are sure to go to heaven.
Then she told the vision to her family to come and see.
He said that in fact, the government has passed a law to allow Parliamentary Secretaries, according to Article 191 of the Constitution which allows the state government to pass laws to protect Parliamentary Secretaries from you have been convicted.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Tuesday strongly warned against the robbers who take advantage and misuse the name of the party to extort money.
It is not that I am afraid, but that I am tired.
In a meeting with this reporter, many villagers from Lyndem, Wahkhen, Pynursla, Korblang, Mawdang, Tynriang and other villages expressed their surprise at the increase in the electricity bill of MPDCL. T.1500 to T.2000 from the previous T.200, or T.3
In Karnataka, Modi received Bishops and Fathers.
Pynhun Rynghang from Umroi Nongrah has been able to open a Red Rose Resort in Umroi Umden Umsaitprah. , near Umroi Airport and the house was inaugurated by Bah RR Kharbuki MDC Umroi.
“It takes more time, but she has now forgiven him for all his actions and they have a great relationship these days," said a source close to the couple.
In these days of lockdown we see that people are facing many problems in terms of income, health, food, transportation and other problems.
“The freight train itself is something that pays dividends.
The fee for this day will be T.
He said that about 1254 beneficiaries amounting to T.56 crore will benefit through various schemes through the CM Elevate program which will create about 50,000 jobs.
The Kur Sookpoh Khad-Ar Wyrnai Development Society, Jowai on 9th November held a meeting at the Kur Dorbar Hall in Chilliangraij, Jowai.
The curfew has been imposed in accordance with the directives of the Government and so that the residents of the villages can buy and sell their daily necessities during the curfew from 17 to 24 June in East Khasi Hills District. .
I have seen that even if someone prays and uses only the word “Hallelujah” it doesn't work anymore.
Japan beat Hong Kong 3-1 (Akari Midorikawa beat Yee Lam Toby 5-7, 7-3, 4-7, 4-7; Ryunosuke Tsukue beat To Yu Ling 7-1, 7-4). Satomi Watanabe beat Heylie Fung 7-2, 7-1, 5-7, 7-2;
Hundreds of people from these six villages, in the presence of leading leaders of the HNYF, Northern Region, said that u Aisail N.Sangma, admitted that all the land still belongs to him and what angered the people is that Aisail N.Sangma, said that all the residents of the village are only the inhabitants of this place.
He said the state government would provide vehicles to pick them up from Guwahati and deliver them to their respective villages.
In a statement sent by Bah Napoleon Mawphniang, Spokesperson of the SSRBHH, the SSRBHH questions the authorities of the Civil Hospital Nongpoh, why they have to mislead the minds of the sick and the poor. He also asked why the bank's documents had to be brought inside the hospital.
These 12 colleges include: Thomas Jones Synod College, Jowai, Abongnoga College, Tura, Khrawsing Christian College, Mawphlang (East Khasi Hills), Riwar College, Pynursla (EKH) , Loyala College, Williamnagar (East Garo Hills), Balawan College, Umsning (Ri Bhoi), Mawsynram Border Area College, Mawsynram (EKH), Selsella College, Selsella (WGH), Seng Khasi College, Jaiaw (Shillong), Mendipathar College, Mendipathar (North Garo Hills), Sngap Sing College, Mawkyrwat (South West Khasi Hills) and Tikrikilla College, Tikrikilla (WGH).
Also present on the occasion were FKJGP President Willbirth Rani, General Secretary Dundee C Khongsit, former President Joe Marwei, former CEC members John Thabah and others. Rangbah Shnong from different villages of Mawlai.
“At present, this Bill is still pending with the Central Government because the former Governor has not signed it.
“However, it is surprising to see how the government is using the Special Court.
We will plant many trees inside the Council forests,” said Bah Lanong.
He said the Supreme Court has not allowed the names of 57 candidates to be released except for any interviews but the FCI has released the names of 57 candidates for which there are only 19 candidates.
“We have judged all the cases.
This scheme has been implemented only for those who wish to participate.
Peter came to eat with them. “Is there anyone left among us?” asked one of them. “How did you get there without thinking?” said another. "I don't want to talk to you," said another younger man. "How many years have you been doing this?" said another older man. “It's not just you alone,” said the first speaker. “It's not true, but the man is responsible for you.
This decision was taken after a review and follow-up meeting with the Department of Information Technology on Tuesday.
S&CC and Umrynjah SC won the SSA U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 on Tuesday at Polo Ground.
They said that the Council seems to have misunderstood the order of the Supreme Court as it said that no one can continue their work without a law or while the rules are being drafted. However, she said that many of the pending cases have not been banned by the Supreme Court and one of the orders was in November 2009 in a case against the state government.
“The poor people are with this party except the rich because the foundation of this party is to stand against the power of the rich,” he said.
Without compromising the faith and conviction that Jesus Christ died for the sins and destruction of the world, Father Sngi's commentary shows that there are two main reasons. the death of Jesus Christ on the cross.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has failed to win the MDC elections in the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC). Up to 18 candidates have been elected to contest against other candidates of other parties but it is sad that not a single seat has been won.
“Unfortunately, the tender has not been as expected, so we have not been able to hand over the assets and management of 108 to the authority,” she said.
On this issue, the Union of Government School Teachers under the umbrella of MGPSTA has written several times to the government through the education department.
At the same time, he announced that he will provide assistance of Rs 25 lakh through the Chief Minister Special Development Fund for the construction of the Convention Hall as part of the benefit to the farmers, SHGs and others if they want to set up convention centres. meeting.
This shows that they do not follow up, do not work well or cooperate with dealers or wholesalers.
Shillong, March 1: Since 1971, 8,54,038 Bengali Hindus have fled to Meghalaya, not only those who have registered, but many more who have not been counted, according to the HNLC. The party said in a statement today that it is the Congress government's attempt to help Bangladeshi Hindus, who are residents of Pakistan.
He said that except for some parts of Assam and Manipur, 75 per cent of the land under the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) in 2018 has been excluded from the implementation of the Act. .
In this final, neither Messi nor Neymar's ability to score was seen.
NPP MDC from Rambrai-Jyrngam Bah Bajop Pyngrope, defending the Government, said, “Everyone points fingers at the State Government but the truth is that the Government is trying to find ways and means to Those who have a license to quarry stone and shyiap will be able to continue their income generation activities.
On the other hand, Ryntih, who will take part in the Shillong Premier League, was led by Wanlam Kharpran, manager of the club.
Shillong: Police have registered four complaints under the IPC and MMDR Act in East Jaintia Hills District, including four at Khliehriat Police Station and two at Khliehriat Police Station. Report to Lumshnong Police Station.
The road will be implemented by the NHIDCL and funded by JICA, a Japanese company.
“The statement of the VC is unfounded as the UGC Model CRR has clearly stated that the appointment should be taken by the selection committee after the publication of the advertisement for the same subject. news (which did not follow the rule in this regard)," added Kma.
However, witnesses said that four coal miners were buried in the coal when it overturned and the bodies were immediately recovered in the presence of police and magistrates including u “I wanted to take pictures, but I was banned by the magistrates and police chiefs and only the names of those who died were forbidden to be disclosed,” said one of the police chiefs. The video was also recorded on a phone recorder.
Immediately after resigning from the government, Bah Shylla said that he had attended the election campaign rally of Dr.FA Khonglam in Sohra this year and at that time he said that Dr.Khonglam was contesting from the election. At the rally, he said that he wanted to speak but no one allowed him and they said that he was too young. I was a child , before the end of the meeting I knieh la knieh hi noh ia Mouth Piece and I spoke and only about 10 minutes I spoke the people of Sohra especially that it is the Sohra Market came out The market is empty,” he said.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Khasi Hills District, today announced that the rice, which belongs to the NFSA (AAY and PHH) and Non-NFSA, for the month of November, 2021, has been released. sha to the shopkeeper ration.
The new cases include EGH: 1, EJH: 2, EKH: 89, RBD: 28, SWGH: 2, SWKH: 18, WGH: 9, WJH: 17 and WKH:
He said that earlier when he won from the HSPDP, he had talked to Bah Hoping Stone Lyngdoh and asked him to leave the Congress because he could not continue in this party. party because he did not feel able to bring about development projects.
It was also found that many of the fathers who work at the rate of 400 to 400 tyngka per day for 30 days or 100 days per month, some who work for only three or seven days and if the mother who stays at home, she will earn 10,0 The monthly income cannot be guaranteed to ensure that the household will be able to survive.
He doesn't think about getting a tech or non tech job and selling it.
They were abducted by the Assamese by pretending to be travellers and ordered to be taken to Karimganj Assam on Tuesday.
Upon receiving the complaint of these students, the union immediately investigated the evidence against the college.
After Parrikar's death, the Congress has refused to form a government in the state, as it has 14 MLAs, while the BJP now has only 12 MLAs in the 36-member House. and it needs the support of seven members of the House to continue in government.
“Since the Hon'ble High Court has concluded this case because I don't have anything, I request my colleagues to understand this, and according to the model code of conduct if you criticize or criticize without knowing “It can turn into a complaint against those who complain,” said Bah Teibor and added that if they continue to complain after this decision of the court, he will do what he should do.
In a statement, the General Secretary, Bah Hamlet Dohling, said that this will only be a temporary empowerment for the Chief Executive Members to perform only the duties related to the government, but should not be interfered with. which is included in the 6th Schedule.
Shillong: U Bah Kyrmen Uriah, another journalist, on Tuesday said that on the night of July 8, 2024, police tried to forcibly bring Bindas Syiem from her residence. The SP of East Khasi Hills District, Rituraj Ravi, who arrived at the scene, ordered his men to forcibly evacuate Bindas from the scene.
However, there are also their explanations which are not enough to explain those evils and the nature of God and what is his true and hidden meaning and purpose, because we see that here and there they contradict. security spirit.
Through this letter, the LJP has also said that the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) 2019 has violated the rights of the minorities in the North East and the country as a whole because the CAB has also violated the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) Article 14 of the Constitution of India.
Many residents have been cheated through the OLX platform in the purchase of second-hand goods.
“Even if the council cannot pay the salary for the remaining 8 months, we demand that it should pay it for 3 or 4 months because as it is now it has put us in a difficult situation to meet our needs and many workers have had to borrow money to provide for their families,” he said.
The son was still in the sleep.
ok.
“Therefore, if you look at the Cabinet Meeting now, most of the issues are related to education.
Ma Lahkmen Rymbui presented the award on Saturday at Mang Hai Ryum Secondary School, Amlarem.
The width of the cemetery should be seven feet.
I have to do that, sir, because I have only one mother and one sister and they have put their trust only in me.
Teachers from various colleges as well as students of the college attended the programme.
Among the letters, there was one written on 11th November, 2019 by the Union Finance Minister to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya in which she said that the state government should look into it. Transport Challans because the Customs officials do not have the authority to verify where the coal arrives at the Land Customs Stations.
Speaking on the decision to leave the Congress party, Bajop said that the differences among the Congress leaders are the main reason why the party has collapsed in the country.
According to the rules of the MMMCR, the owners or traders of Mawshun must comply with the forest laws and to transport the goods, the owners of the parks must obtain a challan and must disclose the vehicle number to transport the goods. This must be obtained from the Forest Department from any mining lease.
The incident happened on the road to Sohkha village, Dawki at Demmu.
These songs are as follows:-No.5: 'The Kha-Khasi Census' – as a syllok to explain the invitation to the members of the Seng who are still holding the Khasi census. nothing.
The Sordar of Mawryngkneng, Bah Peter J Lawai, has clarified that the allegation, as it appeared in the media, that he intended to reconcile the victim with the accused beijot, you are wrong.
Nongstoiñ, Ïaïong 24: These days, thieves in Nongstoiñ town have started to increase again, as the robbery of shops in many neighborhoods has been so severe that it has caused suffering and shock to the shopkeepers.
There has never been such a large seizure of drugs in the state, even though the police have seized drugs in the past.
Taking note of the complaint, the Returning Officer of the Mawthadraishan Assembly Constituency has directed the Minister who is also the candidate of the United Democratic Party (UDP) to submit his reply by 25th June.
He said that the residents are forced to pay their light bill after being threatened to cut off the light in their homes.
And if we pray to Jerusalem, God will bless us.
For the areas that have fallen under Bangladesh, we have to accept that it is not the duty of the Sordar or Rangbah Shnong or MDC to check the borders or to send the BSF, because That the demarcation process is not in the hands of the above authorities, but should go through the State Government and go to the Government of India and this should be a straightforward and transparent process.
Shillong, July 04: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) candidate Dr. Ricky Syngkon on Tuesday said that this victory is not his victory but the victory of the people who have supported him from the beginning. .
Swamy said that now the evil plan of the killers has been confirmed by conducting an autopsy, so that the power of the poison will disappear through the use of water in the stomach of the deceased.
The death toll from COVID-19 in the state has risen to 838 after seven new cases died on Tuesday.
The three have been ordered to appear before the NIA on July 4, 2023, according to the order of the court.
This ritual is to thank Syiem Pyrthat and Mon Ryngklaw once a year and also to perform one day before the days of the Behdeinkhlam festival within the Raij of the Shnong.
These clothes were handed over to the Custom office in Dangar.
“If the father is good, if the father loves his children, it means that the work is good,” said Bah Gigur Myrthong. MDA, but for more than four years now, the work has been going smoothly because the leading leader of this party is a good person and works in a spirit of love.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said the meeting was a success and expressed his gratitude to all those who came to take part in it. you're right.
The inclusion of Meghalaya under the MMDR Act and Mine Act by the Government of India is a violation of the rights of the people of Meghalaya who are the minority of India in the North East, the Forum said.
The fight against the coronavirus has continued and the village authorities, civil society, religious groups and others have worked hard to help those in need, from food to food. The care and comfort of those who live far from their homes and many other rules and regulations issued by the government every day.
Agatha received 15,4476 votes while Deborah came second with 136,531 votes.
This was revealed on Saturday last month when one of the charity groups led by Samla Phermi Lamin together with their friends visited Nongstoin. Rev.S.Wolington Children's Home is located in Nongpyndeng West Khasi Hills District.
 Whoever you have chosen if he is wicked you will have to bear his sin.
At this point, we can no longer blame others or ourselves, it is time to take responsibility for our own household and our own community.
The match will start between OM Roy Memorial School and Jaiaw Presbyterian School.
Speaking at the closing ceremony, the Chief Guest congratulated the students of the school for their talented performances through the concert. praise to the teachers who have worked hard to teach the children in reading as well as in music and drama.
This was announced by the Public Secretary of the Joint Action Committee of Meghalaya (JACATAM) Babu Kular Khong Jirem in an interview with reporters today.
In the second match, Kharang SC beat Nongkolew SC 2-1
At present, these foreigners, who work as signboards, are walking around from this place to work.
And the stone smote the image, and it became a great mountain, and filled the whole earth.
Just not everyone can do that.
However, we know that apart from Earth there are two planets that are similar to Earth, Venus and Mars.
He said that at first his visit to the district was for the benefit of the jaidbynriew but when he arrived there he found that what others thought was not for the benefit of the jaidbynriew.
In the first leg, Madankynsaw Mookyndeng beat Pasyih Youth Cultural 2-1
The Lat's session ended at 7.30 pm today.
In traditional medicine around the world, snepkor is used to treat many kinds of diseases, including excessive fatigue, rheumatism, headache or headache, rheumatism, eh rheumatism, rheumatism, rheumatism, rheumatism, rheumatoid arthritis, tuberculosis, tumors, injuries and others.
When it comes to the border, Assam has been taken over because the Three Party Agreement between the Government of Assam, India and the Khasi States has been violated.
Quarrel: means to quarrel, quarrel, quarrel is to have evil in one's heart against others; The issue is the team that will discuss the issues between the two cases, the issue is the issue of misunderstanding between the two cases.
“Don't let your presence in the KSU make you arrogant, but walk with humility, be ready to work with the Village Leaders, Women's Associations and Youth Associations in the community. the society to bring about economic development and prosperity, he added.
He added that the Integrated Web Portal will be a milestone in providing the best service to the people.
People don't hesitate to pollute tourist attractions by throwing bottles of alcohol.
Out of the 108 abductees, 18 civilians were killed, 19 injured, 7 policemen were killed in the raid while 12 others were injured.
Where did you hide all 7 of them?
But there is only one answer, that is THE RESURRECTION. In that resurrection, there are many kinds of glory.
The Seng Khasi Laitkor Pyllun, on 28th June 2013, inaugurated its 50th Anniversary.
Send only 20 money and 10 messages.
Because among the Dkhars, foreigners, even a seat on the bus you can't knieh how can you knieh their shops and houses, who are tall like a bseiñ puh and quick to build sin khamakha if you are involved in these foreign creatures.
The registration process is by filling up the application form which is available from the office of the Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply), Amlarem Sub-Division on working days.
The foundation stone laying ceremony was also attended by Rhonda Vetere, one of the world's most powerful women in the field of technology, writer and leader from the USA and Global Ambassador of Lakmen Rymbui, Minister of State for Education, Sosthenes Sohtun MLA Jirang, RS Mooshahary, former Governor of Jirang and other dignitaries.
Chouhan's announcement came ahead of the state electing 27 new members of the State Legislative Assembly in the upcoming mid-term elections.
He warned that the police will continue to crack down on illegal taxis.
The Babylonians believed that the world was the result of a war between the gods and in that war God Marduk won against the goddess Tiamat and from her body was created the sky.
He said that special allocation should be made for the youth who come from poor families and also for those with disabilities.
The Khasi Hills will never be like Tripura, where the indigenous people will have to read and speak in the language of the villagers, will have to hide in the forests, will have to live in peace in their own homes, will have to be tortured. the rule of nature and so on.
Before the elections, there was a statement from the Khasi-led political parties like the Congress, UDP and even the NPP that there is a need for a Khasi Chief Minister after 15 years as Chief Minister of Garo Hills. Hills.
As the opening ceremony, Kyrmen Shylla and the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, threw the first ball into the stadium.
Read Matthew 24:4-5
Let's write.
They said that they will wait for that day, but after that, they will prepare a Public Interest Litigation against the Selection Committee, which conducted the interview at that time and that they were blind. see the Council Service Rules
He said that as a Congress leader, he wants to fight to ensure that if there is any change, it will not be bad but it will be a protection for the people especially the indigenous people.
He was also sent to fight there because he was a warrior and a brave man.
Khujli, a doctor, lives near the Eastern By-pass of Quetta, Pakistan.
The union lodged an FIR at the Muktapur police outpost on the same day and the police immediately arrested them.
This is a violation of the NGT order as the court has already ordered that all equipment used in the mining of coal should be confiscated.
“At this meeting we have expressed the facts that we have received many lessons and we really appreciate his humility, maturity and wisdom as a leader, his kindness and especially his love for the people and “How does he want to promote tourism in the state which has been reflected in the drafting of the Constitution of the Forum,” said the General Secretary Bah Ian Khongmen.
There will also be a public exhibition and sale of tar items, food items, various items made by individuals and non-governmental organizations. within the District as well as from other Districts.
Speaking to media, Babu Mayborn Lyngdoh R, said that the strike will start from tomorrow at 12 noon until the MR gives time to meet with them to listen to the teachers. what they have to convey.
In terms of environment, the three states in the North East – Mizoram, Nagaland and Meghalaya – scored the highest.
Speaking to media, the President of HANM, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, said that besides the trade in heritage, the trade in property has been smuggled by foreigners. The cleanliness of our nation means that the time will come when we will become foreigners in our own country.
Especially after receiving the court order,” she said.
If the Chief Minister says that the CAA has no impact on Meghalaya, but the Government should prevent the illegal entry of foreign authorities so that it does not affect the people of Meghalaya. who have become increasingly vulnerable in their own country.
Indeed, from now on, patients from Meghalaya will no longer need to go abroad for treatment to spend lakhs of rupees, because the government doctors in Meghalaya have shown that they are more knowledgeable, skilled and intelligent than them. others are Doctors.
Nongstoiñ: Markasa SC will play against Sawmer SC in the Rani Motor's Knock Out Football Tournament 2018 today. The match between the two teams will start at 2:00 PM at Mawkynjoin Laitkseh Stadium. Markasa SC will play against West Khasi Hills while Sawmer SC will play against East Khasi Hills District.
In the video, she speaks encouragingly about her own experience and advises others not to trust anyone.
When we are proud of them, we will be proud of ourselves, because we have used wisdom and freedom well.
At the same time, she said that the Board tests the old and new vehicles and there is no age limit for the old vehicles.
Shillong: There have been 273 new cases of coronavirus in Shillong today, 523 recoveries and 5 deaths.
It is alleged that the attackers shot and killed the people until the arrival of the police and they fled the scene.
The man said he received a phone number from a friend who lives in the same village as Banisha.
Shillong, July 11: The Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) Meghalaya on Friday demanded the immediate suspension of the recruitment of Assistant Teachers in Government Lower Primary Schools in Dadenggre Subdivision, West Garo Hills District. allow an investigation into allegations of irregularities in the appointment process.
Bah Syiem said that from Kyrshai to Langpih, if you are strong enough to walk, it takes three to seven hours.
“They have accused us of being a Hindu or Hindutva party...” he said.
In the times of the Holy Age there was the most important commandment, that is, to earn righteousness, to earn righteousness meant that one must fulfill the two most important parts, that is, the knowledge of man and the knowledge of God.
“We are confident that we will get a national government.
Other government officials and people from various political parties from these three Assembly Constituencies were also present at the programme.
He was picked up at 9:45 pm.
The first list of NPP candidates for the GHADC elections was released by the Chairman of the NPP Election Committee Thomas A Sangma.
The celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the Golden Jubilee is something that should be remembered in the history of Meghalaya. to establish a full-fledged state government.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sanbor Shullai congratulated the officers of the Revenue Department especially Prof RC Laloo who is the former Minister of Revenue and also the former Minister of Social Welfare. who have given their support for the construction of this Hostel including the Village Leaders of the area.
He said that the BJP will appeal against the actions of Dr Mukul Sangma's government to the people to reject its actions and vote for the BJP in the 2018 elections in Meghalaya.
Speaking to media, the President of AHOR, Bah DD Umdor, said that the competition has decided to accept 20 or 22 participants. In addition, young women who have the skills to drive vehicles are invited to come and take part in the competition. The vehicles for them to compete in this competition will be provided by the authority.
The death toll in the United States has risen by 1,127 in the past 24 hours to nearly 100,000, according to Johns Hopkins University.
On this occasion, KSU leaders led by Samla Alex Narleng, President of KSU Northern Border Area, Samla John Paul Sohpdang, Asst. BN Sharma School to ask for clarification on the use of the misleading book, which was learned not to be accepted by the state government.
We can do this by appealing to the Supreme Court which will give the fairest decision on both sides.
He said that the Flag Marches have been held in the most affected areas and many training sessions have been held in connection with the incident.
The talent hunt was organized in collaboration with the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) for the purpose of training at the MCA training centres. age up to 14 years of age.
What is more shocking in these times is that in some cases of tragic incidents such as deaths, it is the candidates (including the leaders) who reach out first even to the families with the donations.
Teja and Bisht took part in the score to lead Meghalaya to 387 runs in the Ranji match against Arunachal Pradesh.
Application forms can be obtained from the office of the Superintendent of Fisheries, FFDA and Sub-Divisional Fishery Officer, FFDA Sohra Sib Division on working days from 13th July 2014 and on the date of The deadline for submission of application forms along with required documents is 31st July
A visit was also made to the agricultural products brought by the SHGs Members from Mawkyrwat and Ranikor Block.
The most widely spoken language in the world is English with 1,132 million speakers worldwide, followed by Mandarin Chinese with 1,1 million, followed by Hindi 615 million, Spanish 534 million, and French 280 million.
The biometric enrollment has started across the districts of the state except North Garo Hills, South Garo Hills, South West Khasi Hills and East Jaintia Hills which have not yet started. do this.
Another mission is the Agar Mission which was inaugurated by Dr. Mukul Sangma at the Horticulture Office in Nongstoin in 2013 during his tenure as Prime Minister.
Speaking at a program held at Mawklot, Aparajita Sarangi praised the proper implementation of MGNREGS in the state.
The Trailblazer Community Labs (Sohrarim and Nongwah) are two projects of the Chief Minister's Youth Centre.
At the same time, all Kur Dorbars or Seng Kurs are requested to send the names, office addresses, mobile numbers of the office bearers as President/Chairman and Secretary of the Kur.
The State has many tourist attractions which are unique in nature and the influx of foreigners is to drink the fresh water and to enjoy the fresh air of the erbatemon 'erbatesi. Tourist attractions abroad are man-made venues that cannot fully stimulate the soul and purify the mind and relax the body.
Robertjune said that the police have not been able to visit other public places. Bah Robertjune asked whether the place where the Prime Minister's house is located is not a public place.
After the meeting, the Post Master said that four foreigners have received NOC from Ladweitang, one from Jaidoh and one from Shyrkon.
Not only that, the way of running our kur is very different because there are some kurs/jait who elect Rangbah Kur from their kur/jait,” said Bah Titos.
In Karnataka, nearly 1,000 people have been infected with the virus, with 35 deaths and 456 recoveries.
The Israeli leader's greeting came during Modi's recent talks with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on India's willingness to cooperate and support the country. to Israel in many ways.
Patel said it was the Prime Minister Narendra Modi who has done what is necessary for the traditional manufacturers by launching the 'PM Vishwakarma' scheme and this initiative will provide support and training to the traditional manufacturers. empower these key members of the community.
Because of the grant, the office bearers were forced to raise funds but due to the wise management of the owner, this school has been established as it is now,” said Bah Martle.
We must not forget that this is a long-standing issue,” said Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
At present, the state has four district jails, including Shillong, Williamnagar, Jowai, Tura and Nongpoh and can accommodate 595 male and 55 female prisoners.
Benus and Mars are closer to our Earth, though not in size, but in distance from the Sun.
I also informed the family about the proposal of the Kyrmen Foundation and later I decided to go ahead and accept this assistance.
Who is it? Who will be destroyed? Who will be provided? If this is the case, there will always be a lack of growth.
The report is entitled 'The State of the World Population Report, 2023 – 8 Billion Lives: The Case for Rights and Choices' Visit the UNFPA website to read the report.
In conclusion, Bah HS Shylla promised to convene the Dorbar to take a decision in the KHADC and to request the State Government to take this matter to the Central Government as soon as possible.
In the second leg, Demthring beat Moosyiem Shangpung 2-0
Subham Sanu and Barisha Jyoti Baishya, Standard Promotion Consultants of BIS in the presence of Bah K. Snaitang, District Program Manager (DPM) of DRDA and others.
The Regional Committee was headed by Prestone Tynsong as Chairman, along with members and MLAs from Ri Bhoi, including Sosthenes Sohtun, Jirang MLA, Mayrald Born Syiem, Nongpoh MLA and Lamare, MLA of Mawhati.
“On the other hand, the Vice President of the Central Body, Bah Boby Basaiawmoit, said that on the 6th June 2019, they came to raid the same company in Umsohiong. They requested that they should allow only their own people for the jobs that the villagers cannot do and the union said that they should provide the documents of the workers.
However, the damage caused by the blaze has reached lakhs of rupees, as the truck was carrying more expensive items.
This rice is called fortified rice.
An earthquake measuring 6.9 on the Richter scale struck the western Philippines on Monday morning, the United States Geological Survey said.
'Mark' means a stamp or mark as written on boxes or bags containing goods to identify ownership.
Inevitably, parents with young children face many challenges in determining what kind of people their children associate with.
Shillong, July 14: Besides attracting tourists from all over the world, Sohra, the former capital of the British Government, is now ready to attract more tourists. from all over the world through the health center which will soon start construction at Khlieh Shnong.
The truck drivers said that on other National Highways, the installation of speed breakers is completely different from those built in Jeidohkroh and does not affect the vehicle.
The low moral value of the people and the lack of responsibility of men is one of the reasons for the prevalence of these types of violence.
From here the road descends slowly to the west and near the corner of the road on the right side there is a grave of a child on which 3 stones are placed and on the middle stone the words 'TO A CHILD FONDLY' are written. The tomb together with the stones show that the child was born to a Khasi mother and a French father.
Jha and the CMJ University have been in trouble after former Governor Mooshahary, who is also a visitor to the university, lodged an FIR against the university for mismanagement and misuse of power. go by the rules.
Speaking to the crowd, Ampareen said, “I am not only a political leader but I am also a volunteer and there are no people to listen to the issues that are important to them. “It is up to me to do those things, to listen to the problems and to develop the villages, I work with a goal in mind,” said Ampareen.
“In the last two months of the lockdown, the PIDMC has been able to reach out to 71 villages including 4293 households which has reached 28400 heads of people,” he said. even Bluestar.
Both the teams have not been able to control the score which has led to both teams to score without scoring.
The President of the KSU said that these policemen not only shot people but also allegedly tried to kidnap a child under the age of 6 years by trying to throw a card. in the ML05 G
East Khasi Hills has 75 cases and West Khasi Hills has 18 cases today.
On Saturday, nine new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, one person died, bringing the death toll to 1483 in the state.
Even the two children who were taken away by the police are residents of the farm, one of them is still in school and the others are mentally retarded and their father is who works day and night on this farm.
It is to be recalled that the post of Chairman of the council was held by Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, MDC Sohryngkham and MLA Mawryngkneng.
Shillong: The residents of Umnawe Ribhoi District today protested against the illegal movement of stone trucks which has caused many problems to the village.
In the second half, the players of Kbet FC, struggled hard to score the first goal of the match. Kbet FC beat Kbet 2-1 in the second half of the tournament.
JOWAI : To ensure a clean and fair Lok Sabha election, the state government today replaced the Deputy Commissioners of East Khasi Hills District and West Jaintia Hills District.
Manish said the Congress has started to consider the selection of candidates and will select those people who are willing to work for the development of the people and not for selfish gain.
In 2013, when Lahiri went to the river, he was shot by spectators when he was seen opening and leaving a door, which was clearly visible from the ground.
The UDP has won 11 seats in the NPP-led government, an increase from 6 in 2018, while the PDF has won 2 out of 4 seats and the HSPDP has won. 2 seats and the Voice of the People Party (VPP) won 4 seats in the first round.
The road will be constructed at a speed of 60 km per hour depending on the condition of the area.
The BJP has called the NRC under the Lok Sabha Election 2019 'Combating Infiltration' and said the party will bring the NRC to the areas where the police have invaded and to cover up the NRC. they.
It is worth mentioning that in the past few days, there has been a protest by the employees of the hospital demanding the removal of the Medical Superintendent DR.David Tariang. The hospital has lost confidence in the hospital and the number of patients has decreased.
Mumbai: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has increased the rate of inflation by 35 points today. other banks, which declined by 5.4 percent; The State Bank of India (SBI) today announced that it has increased its lending rate by 15 points from 10th July
The office was inaugurated by Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang and Advisor of RBDCA, in the presence of Bah Rayonald Kharkamni, President of RBDCA, Bah Gedion Kharkongor. Secretary of the Meghalaya Cricket Association and other leading cricket officials not only from Bhoi, but also from other districts.
The election of the people for the candidates is based on the vision of what the government has done especially in the field of development, not on the power of money”.
Furthermore, the employees of the Leshka project have not received their salaries yet and this has never happened in the past, he concluded.
Besides, the fish that the Sangriang people bring to Nongstoiñ are khasaw and jei but can only be caught during the rainy season.
Members of the CEC of FKGJP are Bah Palwanbor Syiem as Senior Vice President, Bah Eldie Newton Lyngdoh as Vice President and Bah Kitboklang Nongphlang as Chief Organizing Secretary.
After the first innings, Nongdawah CC managed to score the first run in 9.4 overs for the loss of four wickets.
“When they arrived at the plane in Guwahati, they were informed that the meeting had been postponed.
Besides being a well-known classical guitarist, he also spent time arranging tunes from other instruments for the guitar and composing tunes for the guitar and others.
Only one or two MPs who walk on their own, no one will listen to us.
It is very against to try to leave everything to the will of the children and to build sin on themselves when they reach the point of selfishness and so on.
Speaking on the government's intention to introduce buses for the school children, MR said that the government has proceeded to introduce the project in three phases. He said the government is considering how to operate the buses which schools cannot operate by handing them over to any organization or group. .
I don't have a church child and I don't eat from the church.
The Garo population is only 506427 which is 37.91% of the population in the state.
However, since the 1990s, Assam has started to cross the border and now it has taken over and has fought to the death to cross the border to Huhuapara, but the people have not allowed.
He strongly criticized the implementation of the National Register of Citizens (NRC) in Assam, which is unfair because the indigenous people are still being excluded.
The disadvantage of the small Union Territories is that they do not have a Legislative Assembly.
Therefore, I have advice to you young people that you should not be proud of your strength, your wealth, your knowledge, your kindness and your human dignity. you get because there will come a time when you too will have to hit old age.
Pyntip Dkhar scored the first goal for Dhana SC in the 51st minute.
Shillong: According to legend, the Garo people were the first to try to climb the moon.
“We ACHIK together with other Sengbhalang have gathered here against the Mini Secretariat to protest against the Government's silence on the JRB and Roster System and the demand for Winter Capital,” he said. state.
The program was attended by residents, students of St. Joseph University, Bangalore, as well as representatives from other factories in Umiam.
The trucks have also been directed to carry exactly the weight stipulated by the government.
Why does he say this because when the VPP's proposal appeared in the Mawphor newspaper on 22nd June 2023 and after that on 23rd June 2023, a reply appeared from him. The National Law University (NLA) has decided to apply for a degree in the country because it violates some of the provisions of the Constitution.
In fact, it is an article meant to announce the demand of the VPP to review the appointment allocation.
NPP, BJP SHOULD FORM GOVERNMENT WITH HSPDP, PDF AND Independents to form a strong and stable government. NPP candidate Grace Mary Kharpuri from Shella and UDP candidate Balajied Kupar Synrem.
The world now produces about nine thousand million tons of rice, three thousand and a half tons of wheat.
He said this is by bringing traditional medicine forward within it with the aim of building scientifically proven health systems to improve the lives of people, to have a healthy body and happy thoughts.
On the part of Rev.S.Langstang, Pastor Inchar of Nongkhlieh District, he gave the speech and encouraged the youth.
There are 12 teams divided into two groups.
So it is up to the mother how to guide.
When you completed your B.Ph.
Besides, the Minister said that all the animals in the park which have been kept in small and narrow areas will be relocated to the park which is large and spacious for them.
Charles said that as a party, the party is united and does not see any differences of opinion.
“I promised to be the most beautiful girl in the world,” said the 23-year-old with tears of joy flowing from both sides of her face. the competition.
He said that many times since the past years, government officials and others have visited and inspected the site for the construction of the site, but all of them have refused. cut only in the courts.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the police have been directed to arrest and punish according to the law those involved in the shooting and beating of people especially the They entered the Civil Hospital, Shillong to attack people.
The launch of the website was attended by Ma Lahkmen Rymbui MLA War Jaintia, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister C&RD, DC, SP West Jaintia Hills District and other officials of various departments.
Of these, 12 cases are in East Khasi Hills and all 12 cases are civilians.
Protection of high-risk populations· Recommended for high-risk populations, i.e., people aged 65 years and above, people with other medical conditions, mothers the poor, and children under the age of 10 to stay at home, except when providing basic necessities and for health-related purposes.
The Leader of the Opposition Dr. Mukul Sangma in a statement on Twitter has expressed his deep sorrow over the passing away of Bah JD Rymbai and at the same time sent his condolences to the family members and all those who died. Those who have a close relationship with Bah Rymbai who have experienced this tragic incident.
Although they were Gentiles, they were good, intelligent, and searching for the truth.
Birla said Zone-III of the CPA India Region is the best performing among the four zones.
Nongpoh: The Shangbangla Auto Drivers Association (NRAO&DA) has won the title of the Football Tournament organized by the Nongpoh Regional Auto Owners & Drivers Association (NRAO&DA) after beating them 3-2 Saiden Unit won the tie breaker against Saiden Unit in the Umbuda Stadium.
I as one of the people have a question, do we really need that Smart Meter or do we need to improve and improve the electricity distribution company (MeECL) which has many problems?.
Before the distribution of the gifts, a prayer was offered by Bah W.War and the gifts were handed over by these elders who took part in this day.
The new cases include 4 cases from East Garo Hills, 2 cases from East Jaintia Hills, 25 cases from East Khasi Hills, 7 cases from Ri Bhoi, 10 cases from South Garo Hills, 6 cases from South West Garo Hills. 42 cases from West Garo Hills and 1 case from West Jaintia Hills.
Even now, with the illegal mining and transportation of coal, only 10 troh have benefited.
“According to these laws, Indian citizens who want to travel to Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram and Nagaland except Dimapur need an Inner Line Permit,” Reddy said.
On the same day, the Mawkyrwat Constituency Socio Economic and Political Awareness Committee (MCSEPAC) was established and confirmed with Sounder S. Cajee as President and Remdor Shylla as General. Secretary.
the farmers shall not be ashamed.
'When God created man and woman, he made a law that the man should be the head.
If a nation, it dies.
The three organizations also expressed their regret over the threatening remarks of the DEO of West Khasi Hills who has spoken only about the Maweit area which has been neglected by the state government and leaders for more than 42 years. The Nongstoin-Maweit road is only 36km long.
It was also found that through the implementation of this scheme for the construction of village roads, sports grounds, fish ponds, garbage dumps, pig farms, chicken farms and others, the central government has enable communities to improve income and livelihoods.
BNIAT :- Bad habits that affect the bniat.
Shillong: U Nehtinsat Haokip, 21, of New Zalen, who was injured in a shooting incident at Kangvai, Churachandpur District on 7th November, was taken to NEIG RIHMS, Shillong. Central YMA in Mizoram.
Police have found the body of the man from a rice field after receiving a tip from the Chairman of Namdailang Village.
The match is also Aryna's struggle to reach the semifinals for the fourth time in the nine tournaments they have participated in this year.
At the function at Jubilee Presbyterian Secondary School, five students who passed the SSLC examination first (one First Division and four 2nd Division) were also honoured.
"I'm sure you won't be able to surrender," said Judge Marie Mallon.
Nongpoh: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Baridua Circle has urged the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District to order all petrol pumps and godowns in Khanapara area of ​​Ri Bhoi District to distribute petrol. to all the Petrol Pumps and Godowns open in the area.
Shillong: The 45th General Assembly of the United Nations Human Rights Council (UNHRC) kicked off on 14th July 2020 at the UN Headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland.
India will play Japan on March 26, Vietnam on March 29 and Uzbekistan on November
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the President of the Union, Kong Mirajune Myrsing, said, “The meeting has taken one decision, while the Government has not listened to the demands. of MAWU, the ASHAs have decided to continue our protest.
You need to be patient and work hard.
It is also important that the Governments and the HNLC reach an agreement and resolve the demands.
At the end of the match, prizes and cash prizes were awarded to both the teams, 65,000 rupees for the winner and 25,000 rupees for the loser.
Kurbah said that Bah HS Shylla was one of the biggest supporters of the Skhem Rympei Tynrai from 2000 to 2004 when his speech appeared in the Sourvenir of the New Rympei Syngkhong written by Lyngdoh Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh, sdb, in the Souvenir of the speech of Bah HS Shylla.
Referring to the promise of the political parties to create 3 lakh or up to 5 lakh posts, Bah Kharkrang said, “The truth is that they cannot fill up to 7000 vacancies which are Sanction Posts and They will produce more and more jobs.
“When a foreigner from the village comes with only a stick and a stick, The rich man quickly doesn't own everything. among us, that he takes advantage of the opportunity to earn wealth by deceiving and takes advantage of the selfishness of the nation to gain some advantage for himself.
The Assembly's Committee on Environment today inspected the Coke Factory in East Jaintia Hills District.
Marken B Kharkongor top scored with 22 runs from 21 balls while Nangshai Nongpluh top scored with 5 wickets in 3.5 overs. Kyrmenskhem Nongpluh took two wickets in four overs.
We don't need a train to Guwahati; Those who need to go to Guwahati, which is only 2 hours from Shillong.
“The SSNBH urges the government to provide for the evacuation of those who have been stranded at the places where they have been sent for treatment or who have problems with food and accommodation,” said Bah RL Blah. He said that the SRSBH also urges the government to provide for the evacuation of the youths who have stayed in the states who are still free from the corona virus and then evacuate others.
He said that the Governor's speech was merely a sham because corruption and misdeeds of the government have increased.
When contacted by the Rangbah Shnong of Umrit, Bah Epnas Thangkhiew, he said that the incident started with the theft of timber. They went to steal wood from a forest owned by Kong Shuti Nongphlang.
Shillong, November 26: The match between R.Iawpynsing SC vs Dhana SC and Sutnga SSCC vs Thangskai Tiger SC will be played on 30.11.2023. The opening ceremony of the Maitshaphrang MMA and Fitness Team was held at Lumiawblot Community Hall, Nongthymmai Circle.
Barla visited Garo Hills for three days to visit various projects in the area.
Please keep in mind the instructions relating to the closure of the dam in these few days.
At the same time, he congratulated Bah PM Lamare, who supports Mawlai SC and urged him to continue to support the club in the coming days.
As an organization that serves the welfare of the people, it has also donated masks to Rangthong PHC as a small sign of joining hands to work together to curb the spread of COVID
This has improved the health in the rural areas.
The Union has called upon all the Union Waheh Chnongs in Jaintia Hills to work together with one voice to bring about development in all the villages especially to make the district clean and tidy.
He said that he cannot be prosecuted but only after sufficient evidence has been found that he can be prosecuted.
Haokip is the son of Kanmang Haokip and the Shillong YMA has taken care of him until he recovers.
The team of 18 competitors includes 8 women and 10 men, who have already prepared themselves to compete in various categories, namely Sub Junior, Junior and Senior levels.
He said that the three streams that affect the Myntdu River in Pynthorneiñ are the Kdong Moolaiñ, the Kam Kam stream and the Jail stream. Hang.
“The decision of the High Court is very welcome to clean up the corruption in the education department,” he said.
Post Name:- Senior Technical Assistant (Engg)No of posts:- 1Department:- HQ in the Directorate of Agriculture.
“You too, my son, go and do your work as you used to do.
JOWAI: U Winning Garland Sungoh, MDC for 10 terms, has appealed to the people of Mowkaiaw Constituency to have a spirit of forgiveness in order to restore peace and stability in Mowkaiaw Constituency. the whole village of Le Mow.
I have a pass in my car showing that I am a BJP candidate and I don't know whether the polling officers know or not, but we just help them,” he said.
On the other hand, NEIGRIHMS has been ranked first in the country in terms of the celebration of World Oral Health Day which was held in October 2022 in more than 150 Dental Colleges. and Institutes across the country participate.
How will he do it? “He shall enter into that glorious land, and shall destroy many lands”.
Speaking to media, the leaders of the Rangbah Shnong Union of Marmain Area, said that they want to support Bindas Syiem, because she is brave enough to do the job of Rangbah Shnong. They demanded that the MLA and the government should take action against the strike of Bindas, which has been going on for almost four days.
Some of the nutrients you need for bone health.
Nongpoh, Lber 10: The Nongpoh Presbyterian Church, Ri Bhoi East Presbytery and District 12 Lyngdoh East invites and welcomes all to the 25th Silver Jubilee Celebration of the Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Synod. from 15th to 19th October 2023.
According to information, on the occasion of Teachers' Day, which is a government programme, the Prah song of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) was played.
Jowai, November 2: The Returning Officer of the District Council Election, West Jaintia Hills District today announced that the campaign for the Bye-Election to the Jaintia Hills District Council, 2016 will end on on November 11, 2016 at 4 pm.
The Rangbah Shnong congratulated the youth of Dong Lum Marboh for being willing to come forward to improve the welfare of the village and to prevent the entry of other evils in Nongrah.
The amount of alcohol consumed was calculated as the average amount per week of those types of alcohol: beer, wine and liquor.
Advice on bap hang farming methods, such as shyn rang, sohtrun, sying, jhur and others, will be available through this survey, which started on 8th July
Officials of the Assam Government who arrived at the scene include Rupsing Terong MLA of 20th No. Baithalangso Lac, Rina Terangpi, Executive Member in charge of Karbi Anglong. Autonomous Council Dephu.
The family members of the child have requested the law enforcement authorities to release the post mortem and after receiving permission, the police have handed over the body of the child to the police. family to complete the rest.
The union also acknowledged that the logging and quarrying of shyiap is one of the problems faced by the people in the state. At the same time, the union wants the government to introduce other measures. ways to provide employment to the youth and the people so that they can avoid this industry.
“Rs 1 crore 30 lakh has already been deposited through the department to get the fertilizer and next month it will arrive and be distributed through the retailers,” he said.
Police said the drugs were seized and a case has been registered against the arrested person in connection with the incident.
A total of five persons have been arrested in several operations to track down drug traffickers in Mizoram, Zotlong and Zote, Champhai and Aizawl districts.
The Panaliar Village Fete will be held on 10-11 November
We are doing exactly the same as RSS and BJP.Our throat is tied and our mouth is closed.
Before the election, the financial report for the year 2016 to 2022 was also presented.
Meanwhile, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, while presenting the Budget for the year 2023-24 in October this year, said that as of now, the state is implementing projects that Externally Aided Projects worth up to T.2,500 crore in the field of environmental protection, forests and water supply.
Speaking to reporters, Pyniaid said the expert committee has passed eight bills to the council.
Shillong: U Rebecca Kharmujai, daughter of the late Bah Roblin Nongkynrih, has been walking around Nongkrem Constituency, where she has been encouraging the youth in sports.
Police have arrested those involved in the construction of the gym for further investigation.
We are conducting various trainings for entrepreneurs and to improve their skills in receiving tourists and to run this business,” said Conrad. five-star hotels and the launch of the luxury vehicle scheme and create opportunities to employ thousands in urban and rural areas to make tourism in the state one of the most expensive places.
If we continue to be like this, The time will come when we will die;
The BDO Laskeiñ in collaboration with the Medical and Health Officer, Mynso PHC held an awareness meeting on the COVID-19 vaccination at Kyndongtuber village on Thursday.
SP office won the match by 29 runs and Morningstar Khongwir who scored 11 runs for three wickets was named Man of the Match.
“The MDA government is working with a clear vision and a vision to develop the state into one state within 10, 25 and even 50 years,” he said.
They said that she had complained to her family members, but later her body was found in a tyllai phasi which she allegedly committed suicide.
Major political parties like the BJP and Congress have appointed people to run these social media and they create and publish forty kinds of skits to criticize each other or to insult each other. self and to comfort others.
At the UDP Pynursla Circle meeting held on 10th March 2016, Bah Khan was welcomed to the party in the presence of UDP party leaders Dr. Donkupar Roy and other members of the party. circle.
Meanwhile, the chairman of the committee, Bah SK, said that the purpose of the inspection was to see the condition of the Umiam Dam and it was found that the pollution has increased.
The Under-17 junior for men and women will be held in Delhi-NCR, while the Under-14 sub-junior boys competition will be held at ASC Centre, Air Force School, Jalahalli and Air Force School, Yehalanka in Bengaluru.
Meanwhile, the women's team is in Group-B against Thailand and Chinese Taipei.
After receiving a complaint from Shri KN Kumar IAS, Principal Secretary, Fisheries, police today arrested the engineer for extorting money from his fellow employees. pyllein while he was still asking for the money of T.2 lakh.
The angry mob burnt down Saaya's house and other belongings, broke tables, chairs and other belongings and stoned his house.
The music is mastered by Alyan Kharpan.
The goals she scored were in the 35′, 41′, 42′, 59′, 63′, 64′, and most of these goals were scored with her right foot.
Shillong: The KHNAM Youth Wing has supported the Union of Village Authorities of Nongthymmai Pyllun to demand the amendment of the Scheduled Tribes/Castes registration system under the Presidential Order 1950 of the Central Government. I am from the state of Meghalaya.
The EC will look into all these matters and impose a fine at a small amount according to the damage caused during the construction of the project.
However, surprisingly, the relevant authorities such as the Forest Department of the State Government, the District Council and even the Hima have not done anything against these people who came to carry timber from Meghalaya.
Bah Pynïaid also expressed his concern over the harassment of the Khasi people living in Block II. “Since yesterday, I have already informed the CEM of KAAC about this issue and requested him to take action so that “The Khasi-Pnars will not be harassed especially when the two state governments are still on the road to resolve the border dispute,” he said.
He said that in 2022, 116 cases have been registered under the NDPS Act and 234 people have been arrested and in 2023 alone, 183 cases have been registered and 349 people have been arrested. .
On the other hand, Pa'iem Patrik Syiemiong, said that the reason for the incident is the PMGSY road constructed by the Assam government in the village. He said that the area where the Assam government has come to build the road is still under Meghalaya and under the Nongspung Hima.
In another development, BJP spokesperson LG Laloo said that at the inauguration of the NEDA by BJP National President Amit Shah, in Guwahati on 13th November 2016 in the presence of almost all the non-Congress political parties, it was explained that the objective of NEDA is for the welfare and development of the states. Rilum is located in the eastern part of India.
Sawkmie said the government has urged all political parties in the state to send their suggestions as soon as possible so that the Expert Committee can sit down and consider these suggestions. their thoughts and desires.
He said that the state government is ready to impose severe punishment on those involved in crimes.
The JSU-Southern Border Zone (JSU) has demanded the establishment of a full office of the Forest Department in Khliehriat which is the district headquarters of East Jaintia Hills District. this office.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Government of India has a goal to move forward with its childbirth programme.
Speaking on the issue in KHADC, Dr Kharlukhi said, “You have seen that the MDCs have joined us, we have been in the majority, but others still believe that they are in the majority. “Why don't you appoint an administrator for a while, so that you can resolve the issues?”
The NPP Secretary in KHADC, Bah Aibor Tynsong, said that he has been informed about the incident.
When asked how accurate the results of the spot testing are, the BDS said that all the fish found to contain formalin when tested in the labs have confirmed this. When inquired, she said that the testing of these fish will be done by the Fisharise Department in collaboration with the Commission.
They alleged that almost all the Whole Sale & Retail shops in Ladrymbai, Khliehriat, Saw Kilo and other places in East Jaintia Hills have not posted the prices of their goods in front of the shops. which shows that the shops are not clean.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on Saturday said that the state needs to achieve 11.5 percent GDP growth to achieve the target of achieving GDP growth. billion US dollars by
These rules have been put in place to protect the privacy and independence of the indigenous people living in these areas, he said.
The goal came from a penalty shot after Nangkiew had a head-on collision with Lajong in the last minute before the end of the match in the 94+4 minute.
Overshiland Sangriang, Sordar of Sangriang Village, said that the tower has caused a lot of damage to the people who use the mobile phones of the company. This has affected the residents of more than 21 villages who use mobile phones operating through this tower.
East Jaintia Hills Police have used tear gas and stun grenades to disperse the protesters. of Meghalaya Cements Limited at the public hearing.
U Bah Ryngksai, 71, passed away suddenly today, according to a source from his family.
“When we went to the offices to apply for a loan, we were asked whether we have a land title, because we don't have it, we don't have it. I don't have the loans because I don't have the money.
Police said that he is a wanted man and has been involved in many crimes in Lum Garo.
He said that the sky will not fall to the ground if the steel factories and petrol stations do not get oxygen.
That is why the Apostle said to the Galatians – “I marvel that ye are so soon removed from him that called you into the grace of Christ unto another gospel” (Galatians 1:6).
At the same time, while informing that many of the private schools which charge the annual fees receive financial assistance from the Government, Bah Nongrum asked how the education department has received financial assistance from the Government. The book is based on the monthly fees paid by private schools.
On the other hand, the Minister said that there are 420 vacancies for SSA teachers and 1219 vacancies for Government school teachers.
Echo Bangladesh is a group that has worked hard to provide education and improve the education of poor children in Bangladesh, especially children from minority groups in the country.
The drug traffickers opened fire on a group of policemen from their vehicle, injuring police officer Hima Das.
This incident was not only heard from the voices of the people but also expressed by the people's leaders who have been busy to address the problems faced by the people of their constituency.
Tyngshain Makri, said that at present, the PWD department has sent to repair the road by filling it with soil, but the union does not agree to fill it with soil, because they want it to be repaired. Maintain the road with colour, so that it will last longer and will be of benefit to the people.
When he got up from bed, Bhalang thought and appreciated what Kni had said, accepted and accepted that it was true.
Why did all this happen?
Shillong: The BJP government has decided to suspend its cooperation with the BJP government if it passes the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) in the Rajya Sabha.
The program was opened with a welcome speech by the Rangbah Shnong of Lumwahniai, Bah M Khonglam who expressed the decision of the village as a whole to preserve the fish in the river. .
“It's nine o'clock in the morning.
The Minister made the announcement at a meeting held at the State Convention Centre, Shillong in the presence of Electricity Minister Abu Taher Mondal, MNREDA Chairman Rupert Momin and others.
He said the people have elected their leaders to rule and to listen to the voice of the people and not to ignore the voice of the people.
up.
“Article 6 of the Constitution was introduced by the Congress because it understands the needs of the minorities in the country and the need to protect their right to development.
To date, the depth of 40,318 ft (12,289 m) has been dug into the ramew, which has been going on for 20 years. dig up to 12.4 miles per hundred days.
When the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Rowel Lyngdoh, stood up to introduce the Bill, the Leader of the Opposition, Dr Donkupar Roy, said: I stand to express my opposition to the introduction of this Bill because the time is not right although its purpose is appropriate.
Shillong, Nailur 27: RSS leader Mohan Bhagwat on Tuesday said that the statement of RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat that we are all Hindus because we live in India is wrong. that Bharat, is a speech that has an inner evil intention.
He added that the Association invites all the Past Pupil's who have graduated from the school including the youth and the elderly to come and witness this special day of the school. .
The letter also alleged that the Vice Chairman of the Boundary Committee, Bah Jambor War, had made a mistake in reporting to the media because the meeting on that day, did not decide to appeal to the court, but to this part was left to the discretion of the States and individuals.
On the other hand, he also criticized Lalsawta for not following the rules of procedure of the Congress party which led to the resignation of Lal Thanhawla in 2021 before the end of his term. claim.
The Minister of Community & Rural Development, Bah Hamletson Dohling, who was the Chief Guest, said that the DDU-GKY in 2014 has transformed many young people from poor families. method.
Therefore, despite these difficulties, as teachers, they have not given up and urge the students not to let their careers end only in this field through sports but to rise. also in other fields such as farming, singing, dancing, music, literature and reading.
Speaking to Rupang, Joinriwel Pyrtuh, Member In Charge of the Finance Department, said that the EC of Thombor Shiwat is still strong as it has 17 MDCs who support him.
Khliehriat: The FKJGP Khliehriat Circle under the leadership of Mishal Chyrmang, President of FKJGP-Khliehriat Circle, in the presence of Bah DS War, Chief Organizing Secretary FKJGP-Jaintia Hill Zone, Bah Marhok Marboh, Vice President of FKJGP-Khliehriat Circle. Members of the Seng, today, met with the DC of East Jaintia Hills District regarding the long-standing demand of the Seng to repair the NH6 road, which collapsed in Byndihati village earlier. Umtyra Infiltration, East Jaintia Hill.
“Six days before my son goes back to the north, I have to clean my house and buy a Khasi cow to eat.
He also directed the Meghalaya Police to talk to the Bihar Police who are helping the people of the state, who are also taking their statement for the purpose of lodging a complaint. ejahar against the robbers.
Larry said that this time, the MBA has set up a program to select its own students who are ready to compete in this competition, which started on the 2nd of date and ended on the 4th.
It is understood that the ban on cow meat will affect the people who eat cow meat.
He said this a day after the VPP leaders slammed the NPP leaders for misleading them that the amendment of the reservation policy could create ethnic discrimination.
Nongstoiñ, November 1: In preparation for the MLA election 2023, the Election Branch of West Khasi Hills District today held a training session. 2022 at Trysem Hall DC office Nongstoiñ.
In the third match between Morocco and Iran, Iran beat Morocco 1-0 and Iran scored in the last minute of the match in the 90+ 5th minute and the goal was scored by Morocco's Aziz Bouhaddous through a mistake.
New Delhi: The Government of India has banned internet services in 40 districts of Assam for 24 hours from 7 pm today. The protests against CAB have intensified in different parts of Assam.
Ampareen Lyngdoh MLA said that she has passed a resolution in the Assembly to introduce the Instrument of Accession (IOA) and the Annexed Agreement. Article 371 of the Constitution of India, as included in Mizoram, Nagaland, Goa, Andhra and other states.
As evidenced, these accused have not been able to fulfill their promises.
She said that drugs and alcohol have become widespread across the country even in the rural areas which has attracted many youngsters who have started to abuse alcoholic beverages and affected the minds of the children who started. She also urged the students not to touch and try drugs because once they are addicted, it is difficult to break the chain.
The Commission said that the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills, Pravin Bakshi, was not aware that Jaynie and her group had arrested the women.
Referees, athletes, football players and coaches were honoured on this occasion.
In the border areas of Ri-Bhoi, there are 9 in 2017-18, 4 in 2018-19 and 8 in 2019-2
Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi – Minister of Minority Affairs2
“We don't have a problem with the roster if it is implemented from now on, but the problem is with the reservation,” said Dr. Bastkhem.
As you understand, once we have made the decision to move, it means that it will be a shirt.
Shillong, July 11: Football fans around the world will be able to watch the World Cup today at midnight.
How to prepare women, people with disabilities and backward sections of society for jobs related to electric vehiclesTo prepare women, people with disabilities for these jobs related to electric vehicles, we have to look at a variety of ways of working so that we can overcome the challenges. which is not that shem.
He promised that all the issues raised by the civil society and the people of the area will be taken before the Minister of Home Affairs at the meeting tomorrow.
At the meeting, Bah Donkupar Sumer, although he has left the UDP, has not yet announced where he will join, and he will soon announce whether he will join any party. you are happy.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The HANM has supported the curfew of 10 civil society organizations in the state to be held on the 2nd of November.
It is worth mentioning that today, the students who are taking the CUET examination have been in trouble after there was a disturbance in the conduct of the examination at NEHU, Shllong.
He said that such grounds will be built around the rural areas and villages to promote sports in the state, and with the efforts of this government, Indoor Stadiums, Synthetic Tracks, Sports Grounds will be produced. They also announced that a proper sports ground will be built at Pahamsyiem.
He said that it is impossible to deny the facts that the great deeds of Phan Nonglait have led the troops of the Hima Nongkhlaw to capture the two chiefs of army of the Foreign Government and other troops. English.
Through the organization of the Department of Fisheries, the Government of India, the Summer Meet was held to mark the success of the Fisheries Sector in India. -up Conclave'.
It has been a challenge for the Government of India and the Government of Assam how to control the Brahmaputra River and many experts are still looking for ways to prevent the damage to the Brahmaputra River during the floods. they can shlei.
Speaking on the work of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi; “Why did we join the BJP, because we look to Narendra Modi to do great things for us here? .
Although Father Stan is no longer alive, we celebrate his life, courage and selflessness for the Adivasis and the indigenous people.
The budget session will be a short one, in which the MLAs will discuss various issues affecting the state.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHA DC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, said that the meeting has said that the government should approve the village. The Administration Bill (VAB) which the KHADC has already passed, is the only law that can exempt the Rangbah Shnongs from the punishment of the High Court.
Aristotle said in a petition submitted to the Minister of Education that MSSASA has suggested to the State Government to allocate more funds for SSA schools in the state in accordance with the Right to Principle. to Education through Section 7(5).
Young Gun FC opened the scoring in the 35th minute through Manbha Iawphniaw and also in the 20th minute. 59 Young Gun scored the second goal through the same player.
Laitryngew, Lber 10: More than 100,000 people attended the KJP Synod Sepngi service held at the Presbyterian Church Laitryngew today.
xv) The People and Books program invites non-writers but well-educated people to talk about any Khasi book they have read.
By providing adequate training and resources to the local fish farmers, the government hopes not only to increase the income among the residents of the rural areas but also to improve the pat this work through the age of science.
“You see that the President of the NPP has said that the VPP will affect the NPP only in Khasi Hills and in the KHADC elections. We hope that we will do well in the elections for the Legislative Assembly of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). This MLA election but the VPP is strong in all the areas including Jaintia Hills and everywhere where we don't have a candidate people call us and say Bah Ardent ai Prah shane and this shows that the people there is a demand for VPP across the country,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, Mukul Sangma said he has already directed the Chief Secretary to inform the central government about the incident.
According to a PIB press release, the SPI is a comprehensive tool that can understand the economic development of a country at the national or subnational levels.
In a statement, Momin said that since April 2022, the government has released Rs 31.89 crore as various payments to ASHAs in the last 12 months.
Therefore, the MDA government which is committed to protecting the environment should look into this example because after the closure of the factories this river has returned to its old state and should make laws and regulations to protect the environment. factories shall not be allowed to pollute and destroy the environment.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Vice President of the BJP in Meghalaya, Bah JA Lyngdoh, said that the BJP office has received information about this and has informed that all the leaders from Meghalaya should come to the party. Sohra to attend the meeting.
Earlier, the National Commission for Human Rights, Government of India, in a letter dated 16 June 2012, in response to a letter received from the Chief Executive Members of the State, said that this work should be done. The bill has been discussed in the Legislative Assembly and has to be submitted to the State Government for discussion.
New Delhi: There are many reasons why you shouldn't buy the coronavirus.
The second day of the Chief Minister's Start-Up and Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) workshop held at the State Convention Center Shillong went smoothly. and CSR laws, Entrepreneurship and Sustainability Conferences, discussions and other programs that encourage entrepreneurs in their journey.
Regarding the petition sent by the school to Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Chief Minister of Mawkyrwat Constituency and Minister of Water Supply, Government of Meghalaya, they requested him to use the Special assistance from the MLA Scheme or any other assistance from the government to complete the remaining construction, others are the construction and another school will be upgraded to Upper Primary School. .
Shillong, July 04: The United Democratic Party (UDP) and the HSPDP have signed an alliance ahead of the upcoming elections. It may be just an opportunity for the BJP to get its head out of the house.
Therefore, it was seen that the indigenous people have become less and less discouraged with the passing of the day and because of the lack of heroes like Tirot Singh, they have had to demand from the Government of India to introduce laws to protect them. country.
Therefore, quarantine can prevent the spread of any diseases in the body of a person.
According to the Minister, the Center will serve as a health checkpoint for imported animals such as cows, goats and chickens before being released to the public for consumption or slaughter. .
The Government of India, which has more power to deal with the currency, should therefore remember that the currency crisis in 2016 has affected the people of India and until now, people have no money at all. body, because they were taught not to deposit money in the bank; but these rules are not true.
“You should cooperate with the Dorbar Shnongs and the Himas because you are not above the Dorbar Shnongs or the Himas,” said Lambokstar Marngar. .
After the Government announced a team of inquiry to investigate and investigate all the allegations of corruption, there was again a stir and the allegation that this was done just to cover up.
Three women were sentenced according to the medical report dated 9th June
of Post Office, Meghalaya Division, Shillong
They demanded that the government should introduce those rules to prove that it has implemented them.
We have met with the Director of Labor Department to direct the people to conduct the search and also the Enforcement officers of KHADC,” said Robertjune.
Many of the provisions of the Act have been clarified through the decisions of the Hon'ble Supreme Court as well as the Meghalaya High Court which have been ordered to be included in the Government authorities, however, Government employees try to circumvent those rules by refusing to comply with them.
Nongpoh, Naitung 04: In preparation for the upcoming election 2023 from Mawhati Constituency and also to strengthen the party, the Mawhati Constituency Political Committee on Saturday held a meeting with the Mawhati Constituency Political Committee. The Committee was elected and renewed at a meeting held at Jatah Village in Mawhati Constituency.
Speaking to reporters, Samla Chesterwell Kharbani Secretary of the Union said that the influx of cattle from abroad has become like a market and they are sold at a low price of 120 per kilo while those from Nongstoin are syiar. 180 per kilo and although it is slightly lower in price, it has already been calculated that it is still suitable for sale in the market.
The seized goods including the vehicle were handed over to the Bhaghmara Police Station for further investigation.
The issues discussed were the abolition of the Municipal and Village Councils and the abolition of the word Unrepresented Tribe among other suggestions to protect and strengthen the tribe.
According to the investigation, many Vec have passed and have no bill anymore because the Muster roll has expired and there are also those who have not worked for 100 days and there are also Vec who have not worked. All those registered under MGNREGA have the right to receive compensation from the Government.
Many villages have to live in difficulties and hardships that no one knows, except those border residents who have suffered from the shïah on their feet.
Since 2018, the BJP has been in the MDA government led by the National People's Party (NPP) but our demand has not been met,” said Thabah.
But as the saying goes that if one way closes, another opens.
These include, “Behold, He cometh in the clouds” (Revelation 101), “The Lord's Prayer” (Revelation 255), “The Death of the Righteous” (Revelation 462).
Niponghi Sumer scored the first goal for 7-Wasa in the 72nd minute.
Perhaps this notice of the Head of Education Department of the Government of Meghalaya has surprised many and also laughed at the behavior of this IAS officer. The Principal was invited to attend the ceremony of the performance of the students by the song.
A woman in Arizona has been arrested after she shot her husband over a divorce dispute.
• Which child received which vaccine and when? We haven’t even digitized this information yet.
Shillong, November 15: Two rebel groups, the Achik National Volunteers Council (ANVC) and the ANVC (B) on Tuesday came together in Garo Hills. They surrendered to the government to restore peace and order in the state, where they surrendered at a public meeting held at Dikki Bandi Square in Dakopgre.
The PRO said that the Commandant tried to stop and explain to them, but the people did not listen and continued to throw stones.
“The robbers are border guards who don't want to show their faces or reveal their names and they steal the photographs taken by the passers-by.
A key point also mentions that before June 2022 about 25% of government vehicles used for public purposes should be fully accessible for persons with disabilities but as we Although many people with disabilities have longed for a long time to have special vehicles in Meghalaya, no signs have been seen.
Jowai, July 13: The Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Sanbor Shullai today inspected the District Library Cum Auditorium in Jowai. because it is no longer easy to use and to build a new one as complete as in Tura.
These types of roots are called tap roots.
After announcing his participation in the election campaign in Silchar, Nadda will leave for Karimganj to participate in another election campaign there.
“Think about it, even those who have graduated as engineers and passed first class at MSC apply for contract teaching jobs and thousands of students apply for one vacancy.
He said that Skill Meghalaya in collaboration with NGOs provides various trainings for the youth who have the intention to start their own businesses and get jobs in various places after completing their training through this. Skill Training.
“We know about the appointment of jobs in KHADC. No one knows about the jobs except that they are not announced,” he said.
Nongpoh, Naitung, 14: Two houses have burnt down in 18 mer Umdoh village, Ri-Bhoi District after a strong fire destroyed all the belongings. great to the owners of the house.
The Home Ministry today authorized the  Intelligence Bureau, Narcotics Control Bureau, Enforcement Directorate, Central Board of Direct Taxes, Directorate of Revenue Intelligence, Central Bureau of Investigation, National Investigation Agency, Cabinet Secretariat (R&AW) and the Commissioner of Police, Delhi where they can collect information or search computer equipment.
Politics in Amlarem has intensified and Tariang's joining the NPP has strengthened Ma Stephan to fight against Ma Lahkmen Rymbui who is now the Minister of Defense and Education. in the 2023 State Legislative Assembly elections.
Shillong: The Union of Rulers of Bri Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) today wrote to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, expressing its concern over the increase in the number of cases of Covid-19 in the state.
The NOC was issued by the JHADC during the Question Hour in the 2021-22 Budget Session held on Friday by the opposition MDC Awhai Andrew Shullai.
At the same time, no party/candidate is prohibited from canvassing within 100 meters of the polling station and those who violate this rule will fall under Section 130 of the Representation of the People Act,
“It is because we are so happy to get the state that we have forgotten to pass a law to protect the country and the minority of the state,” he said.
In another part of the tournament, Ashmita Chaliha and Saina Nehwal also started their career in the tournament with a victory in the singles match. .
On the other hand, officials said that a new ration card has been distributed and the old one has to be returned.
Besides these issues, the party also raised other issues related to the welfare and development of the people of the area.
He said that a nation will be recognized if the language lives, as the saying goes, “When the language lives, the nation lives”. uniquely and will also open up many opportunities.
Swinburne's idea that if one wants to achieve that better good, one must become more evil (Kraemer 2002).
However, they did not realize that their compliance with the Village Act has made them proud because they have received the title of the cleanest village among all the villages under the Pynur sla C&RD Block.
There will also be a cultural program in which groups from the city and surrounding areas will participate in songs, traditional music, traditional dance according to the traditional date of the jaidbynriew.
The newly opened Guest House is located on an area of ​​1780.56 SqM and will provide accommodation and meeting facilities.
The story has come true in Bihar, where the husband helped to meet his wife and her new boyfriend.
Prof Kma said that the indefinite strike will continue even if the talks do not reach any conclusion.
Auguster Jyrwa General Secretary of the KSU, who was also one of the speakers at the table, said that the government's intention is to implement the NPR. He said that the KSU demands that the government should not have a base year and that the Indo-Nepal Treaty of Friendship 1950 should not have anything to do with the implementation of Aadhaar. He said that the Dorbar Shnongs should have the power to recognize or reject non-natives, and that the government should not recognize the documents from the Welfare Associations. He said that foreigners who come to the country from other states should get their Aadhaar Card from their own state and their Aadhaar number should not be used. apply only to newborns and not adults.
The PMGSY road has been completed since 2019 and has been constructed by Contractor Lingias Dkhar.
Is this just a ploy to raise money for the 2023 MLA election?
The incident occurred at 3.30 pm when Ritu and her son were shopping.
The Union therefore demanded that those involved in the rape of the girl should be punished and also demanded to ensure that those who stay outside the State should not be raped and to allow those who find themselves According to a statement signed by Marbiang Khongwir, President and other members of the party.
There are proofs of his resurrection.
At least 41 people were killed in the incident at Lhubiriha Secondary School in Mpondwe, western Uganda.
He said that while the District Authority is awaiting the report of the Audit Committee on Source of Coal in these factories, the District Authority has closed down the coal. up to four factories without valid CTE, CTO and these include M/s Shemphang Riangshiang, Pyndeng Jalong, Doranggri, Shallang, M/s Rilyngngam Cok Industries, Kyllon Mathei, Shallang. , M/s MD Coke Industries and M/s Carbochemical India located at Nongdakong, Shallang.
The AICC has appointed Dr Joshi and has sent a notice to the Congress leadership in the state.
On the other hand, Bah HM Shangpliang, Member of the Committee, said that the Committee has suggested to the government to set up drug rehabilitation centers in all districts. that until now the government has not.
When contacted by the Minister of Fisheries, Bah Comingone Ymbon, he said that since the implementation of the Aquaculture Mission of the previous government, the construction of new ponds has increased. There are 17,000 projects in the state.
Tura chose to bat first after winning the toss and elected to bat first. SCA scored 174 runs for the loss of 6 wickets for the loss of 25 wickets. over.
“I want to tell you that I have tested positive for covid 19,” said Himanshi.
At the same time, she said that the remaining salary of the employees is one month, not two months as they claimed.
Photos were shown, in which the bodies were lying around the area where the blast occurred and it was also seen that there were others who were still fleeing after the blast. well and these include women and children as well.
"(3) By the power of the Holy Spirit.1Pet.3:18...being put to death in the flesh, but made alive in the Spirit.
They don't listen to criticism but play chess.
Of these eight gates, one has been closed to this day. They are: New Gate, Damascus Gate, Herod Gate, Jaffa Gate, Lion Gate, Dung Gate, Zion Gate and Golden Gate. ).
These are signs that there is a decline in some parts of our culture today that we cannot pretend not to see.
Bishal Mahato (4 overs for 22 runs for 4 wickets) and Akash Chettri (30 for 3 wickets for 3 wickets in 3.1 overs).
““The intention of the MPs of the Opposition to insult the Prime Minister has caused the members to speak too much on this occasion.
SOME WAYS YOU SHOULD DO TO BE HEALTHY.[i] EAT HEALTHY FOODS:— Healthy foods are essential and important for the health of the body.
Meghalaya BJP Vice President Bernard Marak, who has been granted bail for all the charges, has slammed the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma. I don't know why, but I'm sure I'll contest the election in South Tura.
It impresses the viewer, especially the young man or woman, and often reveals the dignified appearance of the body – this style of dress also brings many temptations, even evils, especially at the time of and the present age.
Therefore, it is impossible to name the rich and poor who have lost the power of the Khadar rule in this goal to regain the power of the Khadar rule.
So far, 2445 cases have been confirmed in the state including 1689 cases in East Khasi Hills, 7 cases in West Khasi Hills, 21 cases in South West Khasi Hills, 333 cases in Ribhoi and 79 cases in West Jaintia Hills. cases in East Jaintia Hills, 187 cases in West Garo Hills, 23 cases in South West Garo Hills District, 29 cases in North Garo Hills and 41 cases in South Garo Hills.
Referring to the children of Meirad Wankitkhoh and Parad Pnan, it was said that after they understood the story that it was the stone that gave them a sign to worship God at that place, they went to Choose a good place according to the weather and ring maw at this place in Ïew Shyllong.
In the Under-17 Boys category, Muthlong Pioneer Secondary School will play against Jowai District Press on Tuesday.
This shows that if we allow the Assam Government to do whatever it wants within 10 years, the Assam Government will be able to build POs up to Wah Myntang or Sahsniang.
The celebration was attended by Eugeneson Lyngdoh, MLA, LamphrangBlah, MDC, Chairman of KHADC, Staising Kharbteng, Rangbah. Village and its inhabitants.
Nongstoiñ, March 28: The largest rice field in the state is located at Madan Umyiap West Khasi Hills.
Bah BM Lanong also suggested that if any of those who live in Mawlong area want to return to Punjab, the government should allow them to leave and arrange with the Punjab government how to give to them a suitable place to live.
The HYC has urged the Minister of Home Affairs, James K Sangma to take action to strengthen the Infiltration Department and the Directorate of Infiltration to take action in this regard. any concern for the citizens of the state.
The daily commute of the residents of Upper Shillong on the 7th of June has turned into a nightmare.
"In this belief, the steps taken in the past six years have laid the foundation for future development.
Finally, although the Central Vigilance Commission and other government bodies continue to prevent and fight corruption, the real power lies in the hands of the people of the country and how they can bring oversight to the affairs rule.
According to Curtis Rani, MeECL has been charging the electricity bills of the residents without sitting and has not gone to check the meters or measurements and delivers the electricity bills as it pleases. “We have inspected the electricity meters of the people and found that even the bad meters which are no longer working, MeECL shows that they are still good and the good meters show that they are bad in their counting. every month one month the meter is good in another month the meter is bad but the meters are the same good good bad bad bad, how can it be that every month the meters are bad and man The months are good, the people who have already paid the bill also get the bill that they have not paid, what is this if it is not a fraud, it is no longer a mistake to pay every month. “It's a fraud, so we need to lodge a complaint with the police so that those involved will be arrested,” he said.
It's enough because we're dying of hunger and we can't eat anymore. We want to go to work too much. It's not good to show that they shake hands like this.
Shillong: Members of the JAC Sohiong, this morning, came to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to protest against the Council's silence on the demand for the immediate removal of the Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima, Bah Shemphang Thabah. involvement in the handover of the village of Nongwah Mawthamur which belonged to the Sohiong Hima to the Jirang Hima.
Followed by a speech by the Resource Person and explanation on the Constitution of the country on this issue and explanation in all aspects.
In the first half of the match, although the match was very friendly and beautiful, but until the end of the first half it ended in a draw without which cannot be moved.
Secretary Aloysius Papang, Asst Secretary Elbinstone Umyiap, Publicity Secretary John Sohtun, Treasurer Carinthia Rani, Asst Treasurer ES Myrthong, Organizing Secretary Sunita Kakati, Veeru Ranee, member Sushila Lama and Executive
He said that after 10 days of investigation, the state police will prepare the chargesheet against CM Jha so that after the investigation by the police, the court. will decide to imprison him.
Regarding this tragic incident, the Shnong sends its condolences to the relatives of the victims, he added.
When they had finished eating, they put the bread on the tree.
He said this after a meeting with the VPP MLA from North Shillong constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, where he said that the struggle to fix the reservation Policy will be fought until victory, it has entered into his soul to give his right hand by taking the time to come to this place.
It is therefore recommended that people should stay away, wash their hands and not touch their eyes, nose and mouth and wear masks in public places.
“Our Government is still determined to take care of the welfare of the farmers and through Focus and other schemes, we have tried to provide the most assistance to them,” he said. No color.
Another decision taken by the Government is to repeal the Rajat Lal University Act, 2011 and this Act is to repeal this Act until 2020 without the approval of the Rajat Lal University Act. The Governor of the State for many reasons, and after receiving the seal from the Governor in June 2020, until now there has been no sign by the University to start the work or to give a reply. hun sha you Government.
Gabriel Mawlong (Upper Shillong) from Mairang, who is a contestant of North East Idol, Boby Shangdiar (Mawsmai, Sohra Shella) Shella Got Talent and Meghalaya Super Star Season-III Winner will also compete against North East Dancing Star, Samla Great Mary Langte (From Nongnah, South West Khasi Hills) 2nd Runner-up Meghalaya Super Star Season-II, Jeffrey Nongsiej (Bhoi-Rymbong) Finalist Meghalaya Super Star Season-I, Gary Kynshi Khar (From Nongkasen), Lawanpynhun Nongsiej (Mawkyrwat), Rikupar Syiemlieh (Phutjaud Rangthong), South West Khasi Hills Nathan Laitphlang and Badapkupar Kurbah, Finalists of Meghalaya Superstar Season-II, (x) Daiaphika Lymba, 1st Runner-up Meghalaya Super Star Season-III , Kitborlang Khylait, finalist Bharat Ki Koch in Mumbai and the owner of Rise-Up Dance Academy, Carmel Dohling (Sohra) Memellan Snaitang (Nongkenbah South West Khasi Hills) is the winner of Meghalaya Super Star Season – II. Some of them have to stop because there is no support in terms of the high cost of living, even when they tried to talk to their representatives they didn't push anything.
He said that the residents should not be afraid but should follow the three rules which are easy to follow and which are also to prevent the spread of the disease. The state should wear masks, wash hands thoroughly and use hand sanitizer and keep a distance from each other.
(1)Through His 7 speeches and (2)miraculous events and miracles.
S. Suchen and Bah Cherity Suja and leaders of the Jowai-Shillong-Guwahati Tourist Cab Association (JSGTCA) joined the family members at Khliehriat CHC to provide an ambulance for the transportation of the body. Fullmoon's son Kharsahnoh's house.
Those who come during the elections to mislead the residents of our villages.
Jeremiah said, “I beheld, and, lo, there was no man, neither was there any fowl
Bah RG Lyngdoh said, “I have already talked to the ethnic groups but I have found that they are still alive in the past.
Similarly, if a candidate wants to contest an election, he should first ask the party leaders how many lakhs or crores the party can give him/her in the election if he contests and gets a ticket from that party. party.
“The money laundering has been so terrible that it is impossible to lose the post of CEM, the behavior of Bah Pynshngaiñ is so excessive that he considers the District Council as his own responsibility, the post of CEM is not a commercial job. “It's a terrible thing,” said Bah Shylla.
Bah Martle N Mukhim, one of the elders who is close to Bah Bring, said that he has known him since he was in Class VII under the leadership of his father who used to work with Bah Bring.
Jowai, Naiwieng 30 : The Chi-Jingmut Society Mynso-B in collaboration with the Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan (NYKs) Jowai has celebrated the Constitution Day on the 26th of this month at the Community Hall Mynso-B. On this occasion, the residents of Mynso-B came together to take part in this programme.
Jinson Johnson has also been selected for the Asian Games to be held in Hangzhou, China in a few months.
The usual world is a world that pays the lowest and lowest wages to day laborers.
He said the UDA will request the state government to expedite the sending of the Bills passed by the Council to the Governor for approval.
Shillong, July 9: The road at Don Bosco Square in Laitumkhrah has collapsed in the middle of the road.
Even the media is afraid to reveal the truth. If this is the case, tragic incidents will happen from time to time.
In a statement, Bah Lawai said that he as the village headman strongly condemns the incident and at the same time, the village will assist as much as possible in any part of the village. for the raped child.
One of the beneficiaries, Sharon D Sangma, said, “In 2018, the CEM started an investigation into the ownership of the but they have faced many difficulties due to lack of proper documents to prove their ownership, which has made it difficult to get electricity and water supply to the household and other necessities.
The Sub Divisional Officer (Supply), Amlarem Civil Sub Division has announced that the rice under the PMGKAY Scheme for the month of November 2021 has been released to all the households under the NFSA (AAY & PHH). from 5th November 2021 to 15th November
The floods started last night and the water is still flowing until now and unfortunately some households have been affected and the water has entered the house and many of the belongings, clothes, property. Beverages especially rice have been affected by the floods.
We are a tipkur tipkha nation, but the time will come and it has begun to change now, that I myself will identify and change my relationship with others by the type of dress or the name of the clothes I wear. by the kind of car I drive or by the rank or wealth I have.
He said that in Assam, people lodge complaints every day with the Assam Human Rights Commission.
Kharshiing said that the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma is a powerful man who has held all the posts from Finance, Planning, Implementation Program and others at the same time. the Chief Minister of the State.
However, at the time of writing, no government report has indicated that there has been any commemoration, meeting or wreath laying ceremony in memory of U Tirot. Sing King.
Speaking on the progress made in the construction of healthcare related institutions in the country, the Union Minister said that the number of MBBS seats in the country has increased from 50,0 to 109,000 in just six years, which started in
Replying to this, the Prime Minister Narendra Modi said that Shilla Bishnab from Meghalaya has been involved in the National Education Policy (NEP) as well as a teacher from Haryana. Answering the questions, the Prime Minister said it is the National Education Policy and not the New Education Policy.
“The purpose of Behdieñkhlam is to drive away evil from the society, so after getting permission from the district administration to perform the rituals throughout the year we have proceeded to prepare for Behdieñkhlam, which is a festival. “It has attracted many people even though we have to reduce or increase the number of celebrations,” said OR Shallam, President Seiñraij Jowai.
According to the office bearers of the Seng, this happened on Tuesday evening at 10 pm or 11 pm.
Shillong, November 14: U Vincent Pala, MP from Shillong constituency, on Tuesday said that although some MLAs have left the party and other MLAs have retired from the elections, the Congress party has not Instead of those who have fled and retired, others have come who are more skilled than them.
Those who are smart and stingy, can rise arted.
Chorus – Kiang Nangbah, strong and mighty, I don't know what to do on earth; From the land of Jaintia Hills, Sah is the source of life.
On the 8th January 2022, the book by the Khasi Students Union Central Body and the KSU Delhi Unit was launched at the office of the KSU in the presence of Bah Samuel. The President of NESO was invited as the Chief Guest. This book tells the story of the life of a hero who opposed the mining of uranium in Domiasiat who rejected tens of crores offered by UCIL. The first Khasi woman and the first woman from Meghalaya to fight against the army has been released by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council Shillong. She was recognized as a National Unsung Hero.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 24: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District together with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, EJHD today held a ceremony to honor the ANM Florence Nightingale. Paslein from Samasi Sub Centre, along with four others including Kijuhhi Langstang and Manbhadakani Lyngdoh, ANMs of Ryngkoh Sub Center and ANMs from Jalaphet Sub Center including Nidawan Chyrmang, were awarded the prizes. The meeting was held at the office of the Deputy Commissioner in Khliehriat.
VPP Spokesperson Dr. Batskhem Myrboh in an interview with this reporter said that these fake flags were not sent by the VPP and said that this is the act of people whom the party does not. can be faithful to tip.
“Near my land there is a village called Mynkoi SehKhlieh Blang, which is a Hindu shrine and the attack was to destroy my land which is nearby. place.
The Chief Guest also suggested to the State to include the Early Childhood Mission in collaboration with the Ministry of Education and Social Welfare.
The T.133 crore has become like a stick, if I were still stingy like these younger MDCs, I would have been stingy but now I am stingy.
Mahatma Gandhi is also known as Bapu.
A 400-acre plot of land was sought in the villages of Raisina and Malcha, farther from Old Delhi, to build the new city.
Shillong: Forty new cases of covid-19 have been confirmed in Shillong. Seven of them are from Delhi, Kolkata, Guwahati and Chennai. One person has been confirmed positive for Covid-19 at NEIGHRIMS, Shillong.
Those groups of College Teachers who have decided without hesitation to fight against such a violent decision and to condemn it should also be praised and advertised forever.
“In fact, we should understand what we mean by democracy.
The time of the Apostles was not like that because these things happened through the work of the Holy Spirit of God.
A short speech was also delivered by the Working President, Bah Shimbor Langte on the history of the party and also on the working methods and issues of the party. who affect the life and death of the people.
All of them are so clean that the name 'sweet orange' or 'sweet sohniamtra' for the other is not appropriate.
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) left for Nagpur on 9th June to conduct an investigation into the incident.
It is on this land that there have been many discussions, so we have found that the land has been buried in a hole in Nongjri and also in Nangbah Jynrin in places covered with dewbilat, such as covered with dewbilat. feet tall and 20 X 25 feet wide, which should have been buried deep in the ground, even if it was only shyiap soil, which sat on top of the uranium mines hidden inside. Uranium.
I too am still staying in Gujarat with my son.
Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman on Tuesday proposed a 10 per cent custom duty on the purchase of newsprint from abroad and magazine books.
Shillong, July 19 : The State has won 17 medals at the India Open International Karate Championship 2023 to be held at Talkotara Indoor Stadium, New Delhi on the 17th and 18th of this month.
There will be 18 sports in the eight-day tournament which will be held at 13 venues.
The move also aims to oversee many of the construction and rehabilitation of police stations.
Senior Medical and Health Officer, DR-TB Centre, Dr KA Sangma, Block Program Manager of NHM, Gambegre Block and the public also participated in the event.
In this regard, they assured that the believers who enter this place will not be harassed or harassed.
Nine wrestlers from the State have qualified and only two have reached the pre-quarterfinal, but they have lost despite showing their skills in the this is the struggle.
In January this year, the group threw a hand grenade at Topcem Cement to intimidate the dewbilat company after it failed to pay the money they demanded.
Congress leader Rahul Gandhi on Saturday said that if the party comes to power as the central government, it will conduct a survey on the number of ethnic groups to know exactly. the number of people included in the Other Backward Classes (OBCs) in the country.
The suspect, who was accused of smuggling the drugs, was arrested from 13 Mer Byrnihat. They have received information that there is another person involved in the smuggling of alcoholic beverages to the youths of Byrnihat area.
He suggested that the Trade Department should set up a border post in Nongjri so that the enforcement officers can ensure that there are no foreigners who come to trade illegally so that the locals can trade illegally. heavy to grow in income.
In the past, police used to seize only SBBLs, rifles, wooden rifles, knives and other weapons from such robbers. They shot dead the robbers and seized them with AK-4
“For Christ also hath once suffered for sins, the just for the unjust, that he might bring us to God; being put to death in the flesh, but made alive in the Spirit" (1 Peter 3:18).
Mr. M. Kharduit & Mr. B. Nongbri, Sohryngkham.
Sumeet Gurung (tied 18 runs & took 3 wickets) was named Player of the Match.
The times and days have passed and it is not long before we have another opportunity to take a decision for the country and the nation.
Ramanagara Police have conducted a drive to check the speed of vehicles on the highways and have prosecuted those who drive too fast.
Sometimes they mix it with oil before cutting it so that it doesn't stick too much when cutting it but only so that the skin is clean and the symbol is cut in two.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, President of the National People's Party (NPP) today inaugurated the party office in Delhi in the presence of Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong and Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong. Joykumar Singh, Deputy Chief Minister of Manipur and other leaders of the party from across India, along with Rajya Sabha MP Dr WR Kharlukhi and Lok Sabha MP Agatha K Sangma.
If you want to eat syiar, go to the river.
The ceremony was attended by the Umsning Women's Association, HITO Umsning Circle and Umsning Cultural Sports Club.
And when they had received it, they murmured against the goodman of the house, saying, These last have wrought but one hour, and thou hast made them equal unto us, which have borne the burden and heat of the day. ".
The Navy has recovered several bodies of human beings during their search operation to search for 15 people who drowned in a coal mine at Khloo Ryngksan in East Jaintia Hills district.
At the time of writing, it is not known how many people were injured in the incident, but videos obtained by Rupang show that some people were injured. ; It is not known whether it was a bomb blast or not.
“Today, my corona test is positive,” Thakur said in a tweet.
Speaking one after another, the leaders of these four organizations in Umsning, strongly condemned the illegal act committed by the Rangbah Shnong.
He said that the Khasi people living in these villages do not have any ethnic differences with the Nepalis living in Langpih, Makaibari, Umahshar, Mawbynna to Lawbah. They also worked together in the field of income and trade.
Abhishek Kumar top scored with 38 runs off 31 balls while Swastik Chettri top scored with 25 runs off 52 balls.
Mingnam is the Finance Leader and operates in Bajengdoba, Aruakgre, Achotchonggre in North Garo Hills and in Dadengdoba, Dollonggre to Tikrikilla in West Garo Hills.
Shillong: The Secretary of the All India Congress Committee (AICCC) Zenith Sangma today demanded that the state government should disclose the names of those affected by the Covid-19 pandemic. so that it can be one of the ways to fight against this disease.
Then he will use the salary he receives to build a house in my field until he gets somewhere else.
The state government has been angry with the action of the ED team, and has approached the High Court, saying that these summonses were only to force or intimidate the government authorities in the state.
And this excessive behavior is no longer done by human consciousness, but by animal consciousness (quotation – JS Mills).
First, let us look at the meaning of the word Rangbah.
c) The rule of law in an elected Government depends on the wisdom and ability of the people to elect legislators who can make laws.
She said that the ILP protest has been going on since 1979 through the Satyagraha of TWADAM. Short speeches were also delivered by JSU President Rikut, JYF President P. Majaw and President of the Association for Democracy Empowerment. D. Momin, Vice President of AJYWO and Bah Commander Sana.
This house has up to three tenants.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The RSS Meghalaya is ready to file a complaint against those who defamed the party during the mid-term elections in Tura recently.
He said that this plant is very helpful for the health of people especially in this age of diseases and krai protects against high blood pressure, diabetes besides building and providing vitamins.
US President Donald Trump has authorized US troops to kill Gen.
Of these vehicles, those fined include trucks, ambulances, journalists' vehicles and government vehicles.
In West Jaintia Hills, six cows have died in the storm on the 15th.
“The Congress party has always treated the North East as a stronghold but it was not until the elections of Prime Minister Narendra Modi led by the BJP government that the country started to turn its attention to this region. Referring to the promises of the Congress party, Tarun said that the promises of the Congress party have been fulfilled. Modi has already given them to the state and the country as a whole.
Speaking to media, Pangniang said the HSPDP has demanded from the Chief Minister to set up a fully functional Police Outpost in Langpih as part of the security measures for the residents of Langpih. whole.
In the next 24 hours, heavy rain will be expected in Shillong and cloudy weather in some parts of the state.
The news that the price of mluh will rise has spread quickly in the market this morning, and as soon as the news was heard, the people who came to buy for their own businesses have fled. to the grocery store to buy milk.
At that time, the robbers saw that the motorcycle driver was following them and they released her at Upper Shillong and fled.
The growth of women's football in India is due to the initiative to hold tournaments in the country, such as the Under 17 National Championship, the resumption of the Women's League and others.
Prestone announced the opening of the school today and at the same time he also inaugurated the new school building of the school which is located on the upper floor.
“As the name suggests, this is the District Mining Fund.
The announcement to stop the distribution of chemical fertilizers was issued by the state government in July last year.
He asked for the support of the people, because if the district council is strong, the village, the hima and the nation are strong.
He also said that the fire in the office building should be repaired immediately to avoid any tragic incident.
He said the party also wants to know whether the State Government has sent any letter to the Ministry of Home Affairs.
"The researchers used data from a previous study designed to estimate the effectiveness of 12-month psychosocial counseling and support programs for people with early childhood you have Alzheimer's disease.
Those bottles that are recycled through the recycling process do not turn into other necessities.
“We want peace and because of the approach of the elections, everyone is calm and therefore we must do our utmost to maintain peace among everyone so that everything will go well.
Nair said the action of the State Government is to remove Marak from the post of Director, Printing and Stationery which is a violation of the rules and is based on the request of the State Government. The High Court had earlier ruled, “No permission can be granted.
After this, Bah PT Sawkmie visited Umpling Umjathang, Mawsiatkhnam to inaugurate the football ground which has been constructed under his scheme at a cost of 4 lakh tyngka in the presence of Rangbah Shnong Shemphang Wahlang. , stakeholders, the public and others.
On the other hand, these organizations and village leaders urged the government to hold a meeting between the government together with the village headmen and also with the leaders of these three Sengbahlang to look into these issues. SOPs which the government will implement whether they are safe or not, so that the people in the villages in this area can be clearly explained.
It is necessary to come up with ways and means to unite the nation,” he said.
