Meghalaya scored 122 runs for two wickets in 40 overs.
We will talk in such a way that it will not offend anyone and this is the intention of the Government,” said the Minister.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayralborn Syiem, said that the awarding ceremony is an encouragement and motivation to these women who have worked hard through the support of the NRLM in various fields. in the villages and especially to support the women in the villages where they are because if someone recognizes them in the work they do it will be an encouragement, so that they can do better.
The selection of these players came after they performed well in the National Mauythai Championship held last year in Madhya Pradesh.
Curcumin:— Curcumin contains anti-inflammatory and anti-bacterial properties called curcumin which can kill pneumonia bacteria.
The District Councils of Garo Hills and Jaintia Hills fall within the border of Meghalaya.
Shillong, November : The Joint Director of Health Services (SS), Shillong, on Tuesday said that no one has received the body of a deceased patient named Lovely Wriang. 45 years old), resident of PAB Civil Hospital Shillong who was admitted to the hospital on the 1st of this month and died on the 2nd November
“I have decided to leave this party which has opened the door for me to hold various positions in these decades of public service.
The Engineer's reply surprised the Sengbhalang and questioned how the Assam police came to invade parts of Meghalaya and why the Meghalaya Government cannot protect its own areas from the Assam police. They also alleged that this shows that the district authorities are not aware of the availability of their own land for the development.
In front of the Duwan Kñia, the Lehniam was performed by Sangot Paswet in the presence of Sangot Pakynteiñ and Sangot Pasubon who are the descendants of the Sookpoh Khat-ar Wyrnai clan.
“The UDP and the HSPDP under the umbrella of the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) have decided to nominate a joint candidate from the Shillong Parliamentary constituency.
He said the government has sought the advice of the Kashari High Court to set up a Special Court to hear all cases of violence against women and children in the state in order to bring about speedy justice.
In the Round-4 match, Riangdo Youth SS&CA beat Lumdiengngan Sports Club 4-1 goals.
I urge the members of the Executive Committee to attend the meeting tomorrow to decide on the protests,” she said.
Bangladesh's famous actress Lakhi Inam and other dignitaries distributed medals and awards to all the participants from tyngshops to others who contributed to the actress “Ha the Cut Shadem".
The three states with the highest number of cases are Tamil Nadu with 28,864 cases, Karnataka with 20,378, Kerala with 19,894, Maharashtra with 18,600 and Andhra Pradesh with 13,4
The site for the construction of the Center will be at Mawdiangdiang on an area of ​​35 acres in the New Shillong.
The state government through the police department should take action to conduct an investigation as Rahul Pohtam has lodged a complaint at the Umkiang Police Patrolling Post, the statement said.
It will be a memorable day in the history of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC), although it is considered as a busy office, but they did not take part in the opening ceremony of the new office of the council on November 10th.
North Korea has shot dead a patient with the coronavirus for walking in public places, the report said.
Until we get a reply from the party, we will not be able to take a decision,” said Bah Shibun.
On the voice of all those who lodged complaints at Pillingkata, they urged the Police to conduct a thorough investigation and also to arrest all those who have been suspected. all truth.
The Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District, said that these cows have been seized since the 10th of this month. The BSF has seized 42 cows, 14 cows on the 11th and 8 cows. On the 15th, 19th, 17th and 22nd, 33 cows were seized.
The incident occurred at 2 pm this morning in Buldhana district.
Lambor said the reason why he did not contest the election was because of the short time and not because he was deprived of his ticket.
However, when they reached the area opposite the Legislative Assembly in Khyndailad, they suddenly threw stones at an open shop, which sells items such as chairs, tables and in the shop. In the incident, a Sumo was also injured in the incident at GS Road.
“We wonder why the UDP criticizes only us, why they don't dare to criticize other parties like the TMC and BJP. many places in Khasi Hills, forget Garo Hills,” he said.
Sawmer managed to score 110 runs for the loss of nine wickets by the end of the over.
The Ri Bhoi District Cricket Association (RBDCA) on Tuesday donated blood at the Blood Bank of Nongpoh Civil Hospital.
He is in good health and is undergoing treatment in Shillong.
Fifteen people have been trapped inside the crematorium since November 13, 2018 and 10 people are still trapped inside.
Therefore, the buyer of the market cannot refuse to request a refund from the JHADC for the money he has bought.
Sometimes they even speak immoral words and immoral things.
“The JAC has held a meeting with the village leaders of the area and has taken a decision to lodge a complaint in the court against the Dhar Company. street".
In fact, the government had already planned to appoint a BDO in the Block, but it was stopped after the complaint of these two MLAs. denied this claim.
This will inspire the patriotic spirit of the future generations of the Jaidbynriew.
“Now the residents in different villages are facing problems and even at an early age they have signs of various diseases including headaches, weakness and other problems.
Speaking on conversion, he said that UP has already passed a strict Anti-Conversion Act in 2020 and the punishment will be 10 years imprisonment for those who commit religious conversion. preach other religions and those who convert from other religions (Ghar Wapsi) to Hinduism will be welcomed back without discrimination.
Three out of the five NCP MLCs also attended the meeting held in Bandra, they said.
Noting that the Marten can still operate for another 3 or 4 years, the Minister said, “However, the government will not wait until the end of that period.
When they need treatment, they have to walk up to 35 km to Bataw PHC for treatment.
The meeting was led by the Vice President of RBYWO, Samla Elvis Kyrsian, General Secretary, Samla Kenny Nongrum. Your office is located at CTI Byrnihat.
On the other hand, the HNLC has appointed HNYF President Bah Sadon K Blah as the leader of the talks with the State Government.
The tournament will start on 17/12/2022 at 10 pm and end on 18/12/2
Nongpoh MLA Mayral Born Syiem, Balajied Ranee MDC, village leaders, parents and youth of the village were also present at the ceremony.
“A recent report in one of the English newspapers of the state seems to advise some political and religious leaders of the State, not to 'attend' the invitation convened by the State BJP (not the Prime Minister as it is written incorrectly),” said the statement.
Akshay Kr., who lives near Bhutia Market, GS Road, Shillong, and Akshay Kr.
Shillong: Former Sohiong MLA and NPP leader Samlin Malngiang has criticized the protest of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) against the government's decision to dismiss retired officers from the Meghalaya Lokayukta.
He said that the Kur has appointed a special committee to work hard to track down other bloodthirsty robbers who have been involved in the attack and robbery in the hope that the BJP will announce them. Shillong, Lber 17: The BJP Meghalaya has said that it has not yet announced the names of the candidates by the High Command. They said that the Sengkmie party should announce this month.
Helen Rynjah was elected President, Sntidia Dkhar and Bidalin Thabah were elected Vice Presidents, Helenda L. Mawphlang General Secretary, Serilla Nongrang Assistant General Secretary, T Ryntathiang and Roda Lyngdoh JT Vice President. Anborine Dkhar Organizing Secretary, Ribhalin Dkhar Asst Organizing Secretary, Kerdalin Biam Social Secretary, Rina Bamon Asst Social Secretary, Banylla Nongbri Education Secretary, Domina Ranee Domina Ranee Asst Edu Secretary, Wanda Dkhar Publicity and Josephreen Syiem Lyngdoh as the Adviser of the group.
After the arrest, police said that Kharbani and other arrested persons were detained at Mawkyrwat PS but were scheduled to be taken to Shillong on Tuesday.
Shillong, Naitung 19: In the past few months, there have been rumors that there is a strong conflict in the Congress party in Meghalaya, but this has been confirmed today, when the Congress party in Meghalaya U Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, told an English newspaper, “We all get sick from time to time, especially when the body is working hard.
Role Model: the role model is the abbreviation of the star; example is the obvious example.
The two convicts were identified as Murtibiang Surong and Francis Suchiang.
Speaking to reporters, HYC President Roy Kupar Synrem said that the three organizations have demanded that the Prime Minister should talk to the Central Government to liberate Meghalaya. from the CAA 2019 and its Rules and to implement the ILP as soon as possible for the benefit of the state as a whole.
Furthermore, teachers should receive training from time to time to improve their teaching skills.
Kong Khongjoh informed the village council of Syrti's actions.
Modi also spoke about the power of music in the region to provide more information.
Shillong: Saket Gokhale, spokesperson of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC), wrote on Twitter that the NPP, which is the alliance party of the BJP, has not yet given any information. The expenditure of the commission has not been reported to the election commission even once since the MLA elections 2018, even though the law requires that it should do so within 75 days.
The NPP West Jaintia Hills congratulates and wishes Dr WR Kharlukhi a healthy body so that he can represent the State and the people in the Rajya Sabha. .
Another man said that he along with his mother and father have been cheated of more than 10 lakh tyngka including Term Deposit and Saving Deposit.
Police have arrested the head of the coal mine, Nazarul Islam.
Noting that the people of both the border states have a close relationship, Hazarika said, “We are friends and we have nothing against the people of Meghalaya.
Lehrain said Rupang will publish such articles.
As the days went by, it seemed that the urban areas were becoming more and more crowded.
The statement said that if all people of different faiths come together to pray and seek God's blessing for a common cause, it shows that they need peace and good decisions.
ai-pa-ai : which cannot be spoken without stopping.
Shillong, June 10: The HSPDP West Khasi Hills through Mawshynrut MLA Witting Mawsor has admitted that before expelling Fenela L Nonglait, the party had “We have already informed Bah Hoping by phone, but it seems that he is old, sometimes he says yes, sometimes he says no,” said Hopingstone Lyngdoh. Witting on Hoping's denial that the HSPDP has no information about the expulsion of Nonglait.
Shillong: U Bipin Bakshi, Major General of VSM, ADG NCC, North Eastern Region, has visited his alma at St Edmunds School, Shillong, which was his childhood school.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Central Government has confirmed in writing to the Government of Meghalaya that Meghalaya has been exempted from the Common University Entrance Test (CUET) for the session 2022-2
Looking back over the past years and studying the Myntdu Leshka Hydro Electric Project (MLHEP) and the works and implementation of the projects, we can see that the extension of the exploration in aspect of site conditions (soil type, water quality, earthquake exposure etc.) from before the start of the project leads to extension of the project as well as leads to The cost of mur has increased due to the increase in the price of commodities and the increased need for materials and this has led to an increase in the price to complete the project.
The second is the encounter with the rich young man and in these encounters Jesus talks to them as brothers and sisters, and together with them he shapes and shapes life and the future.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Sniawbhalang said, “As the party, we will hold a meeting after the end of the Budget Session to find out the root causes of the NPP's inability to do well in the country. Khasi Hills.
It is painful to see the widespread deforestation in the forests, the pollution of the environment in dozens of ways, the killing of dohum dohwah by the use of pesticides.
Therefore, we often hear that there are some leaders of the civil society who say that this (Meghalaya) is a Christian state, or the leaders of the political parties say that this is a Christian state or Even in the country where there are many brothers and sisters of different religions, these religious leaders often say “We are Christians”.
the thoughts of the whole heart are about violence, not to a tree, a stone, or an animal, but to one's fellow man and to God.
Dr. Ricky Syngkon, General Secretary and MP candidate of the party, said that some people ask him why he preaches religion even in the political arena.
Besides, he said he wants Fisheries to be one of the departments that can provide jobs, generate income for the farmers and also support the state government in income generation.
It is also worth mentioning that corruption has now entered everyone especially during the elections when the people are stealing the money they receive only in a moment of the elections. but when the golden age is over, they complain that there is nothing wrong with it without thinking carefully before they hold their hands.
“Commending the hard work of the health workers, the Minister expressed her deep satisfaction over their initiative.
The ceremony was attended by the Minister of State, Bah Paul Lyngdoh who congratulated the unions for organizing this event which should proclaim the contribution of the talented people whom the society does not remember anymore.
Beryl Dona Khonglam & Venetia Khonglam, Advisers Edmund Khonglam, Seprin Khonglam, Surmavaley Khonglam, Transing Khonglam, Estherdora Khonglam, Irismary Khonglam and 16 Executive Members from various units.
There is a second round of qualifying for the Olympics in Italy and the rangiakura will have to play well to qualify.
Therefore, land owners should immediately contact the Tourism Department.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 16: The Dorbar Shnongs of various villages along the Wah Khri River in Western Ri-Bhoi District together with the KSU Western Border Area and the River Protection Organization Warmawsaw have held a meeting after the killing of the enemy. of fish in Wah Khri where the killing of fish has been terrible and could also lead to the extinction of fish in the river.
Speaking as the chief guest, Conrad Sangma announced the hard work of the Central Recruitment Board for the selection of 1010 new members of the Police Force, out of 1.5 lakh applicants. and expressed his confidence that these new members will provide the best service for the police department.
The foundation stone of the project was inaugurated by BCCI President Rojer Binny and Secretary Jay Shah who arrived in Ri Bhoi District on Wednesday. Sunday, but they went back in the evening.
The CORP said it is regrettable that the government authorities have destroyed the houses without first arranging this matter.
The closing ceremony was attended by Rangbah (Phlangwanbroi Shri R Sohmat, Kenbak Malai, SK Dewkhaid and Mawsawa Shri Lamper Iawrod), Tymmenbasan, Pastor Rangbah Balang and MLA Mawsynram constituency Shri HM Shang. .
“This wealth of knowledge should be passed on to the youth of the future generation and distributed to the whole world,” he said.
I don't know,” added the mother.
At the meeting, 37 developed countries agreed to reduce global warming by at least 1 degree centigrade.
It is on this basis that the three Sengbhalang have not been formed.
He also urged the Muslims to pray for the spirit of unity during the month of Ramzan and may peace be not only in this city but in the entire state.
He said the statement of the HNYM leader is due to the overcrowding of paradoh parasnam on the border.
He also reminded that all MDCs should read the Sixth Schedule carefully as it is the power given to them. by the Constitution of India,” said Babu LS Gassah.
Agness requested the report through RTI on 2nd July while the HLSC headed by EP Kharbhih submitted the report to PS Thangkhiew Principal Secretary. education department on May 30, sources said.
The Holy Spirit came down on the day of Pentecost.
The 1988 Motor Vehicles Act also provides for compensation and insurance.
She paid tribute to (L) Rgh.Rojoy Sing Khongshah who guided her from her childhood to reach this level.
These reasons are just reasons, the truth is that these companies want to employ only their own people and not our youth.
“When we look at the previous figures, many of the people living with HIV in the State are through sexual intercourse, but when we look back at this, in the past 10 years, it has changed...not “It's not through sexual intercourse...It's true that it's more than that but it's more than those who use drugs by injection,” said Dr. B. Decruse, Project Director of the Meghalaya Aids Control Society (MACS). and the media on Saturday.
He has also been included in the semifinals and there is a place for Aryan Borah, who scored 12 wickets against Sikkim in the first innings of the Ranji Tournament. season.
The female should be given a father on the second heat and also on the second day.
The same is true of our state.
“Therefore, it is not appropriate to implement the Uniform Civil Code across the country,” said Rev.Kharkongor.
There will be a “March for the Promotion of the Khasi Language” at Madan Student, Jaïaw and the meeting will conclude there.
On the other hand, DK Shivakumar admitted that his intention to build the statue of Jesus Christ was due to the request of the people of the area.
Saldih Momin scored a hat-trick in the 31st, 33rd and 45+2 minutes for Selsella, who are currently in second place in Group D with a victory. Walseng Sangma scored the first goal in the fourth minute.
Reddy said there has been a 100% increase in the budget for the North East.
“Tell me, why are you listening...” He asked. “Yes, Father, I like it...” said Rida. Then they began to talk about many things... Panah expressed to her that he loved her so much.
Although Dr. Donkupar Roy has not yet commented on this, there have been discussions with the party leaders to open the way for other leaders to take over the post.
The Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of Meghalaya on the 9th of this month held a 'Juggle the Football' tournament in Jowai to involve the youth as part of the voter awareness programme.
Thank you for asking why??????? I don't know why the youth can't vote for Rangbah Shnong, because the youth are the future of the village. (dictatorship) and the country will remain behind.
Mynsngat SC scored the second goal in the 35th, 90th minute.
The arrest of the mother came after the expiry of the 24 hours given by the Dorbar Shnong.
He said the coaching camp will start from 28th June at Ladthalaboh Stadium, Jowai from 5 am to 8:30 AM every morning.
In another incident, the house of Bhagwati Prasad Bajoria in Umsohsun was set on fire by the robbers.
There were many other pick up trucks parked nearby and the pick up truck was burnt down but these vehicles escaped the burnt down as the Chowkidar was shocked and did not sleep in the parking lot. time when the robbers planned to set other trucks on fire.
The statement said that the meth was sold by three Myanmar nationals to two residents of Tripura with the intention of selling outside Mizoram.
The deaths of pigs have occurred in Khyllemtiehsaw and Nongkasen areas in these days.
Vehicles coming from Sutnga should turn to Shi Kilo and park at Parking No 3 at Khliehriat West Football Ground, which is Parking No .
These days, there is a Muslim fast, known as Ramadan, but it too is slowly falling, because there is a ban on public gatherings.
The bright rays of the sun along with the gentle breeze brightened that morning.
However, in the month of July, when the harvest began, the price of biscuits reached 27 to 25 tyngka per kilo, but it has decreased every month and these days it has decreased. sha you have three tyngka per kilo.
The KSU is one of the 13 civil society organizations demanding the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) to prevent the entry of mynder into the state.
The ship was heading to Elphinstone Reef and said that this part of the sea is easy for sharks and dolphins to see if there is a ship or ship on fire.
The fight between these two cases has ended without any casualties.
This happened thousands of years ago in the days of Sodom and Gomorrah.
He said that this attitude should be eliminated, because money doesn't work and it requires hard work and perseverance.
In fact, the three companies that manufacture chess are (1) Siemens, (2) Schneider (from Germany) and Genus from South India.
Guwahati: The border dispute between the North Eastern states will be resolved before India celebrates its 75th birth anniversary, Home Minister Amit Shah said. He met with various Chief Ministers of the region yesterday.
Or they can submit it to the Complaint Box set up at the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply).
Some of these casual workers, who said that they will not refuse to stand up against the government, because the government has ignored their demands. , but it also discriminated against casual health workers, that apart from receiving low wages and irregular pay.
According to police sources, a man from East Garo Hills identified as Sengban G Momin lodged a complaint that on 14th June at about 7:30 pm, a A physician together with another person who was with him, whom he did not know, came to his residence in Dawa Mrongittim village to give medicines for his son.
Deibor (29), Premrose (39) and Kynsai (59) scored the three goals for Kynjai Para I.
Those objectives are; to eradicate poverty, to eradicate hunger, to provide health and happiness, good education, gender equality, clean drinking water and adequate sanitation, the use of clean energy, employment, adequate employment and growth and inclusive income, to set up factories and use the knowledge of the State, to eliminate inequality, to create habitable urban areas and a clean environment.
He also assured to look into the concerns of all the members regarding these centers at the upcoming working meeting.
Looking back at this match, it cannot help but surprise the crowd to see and see with their own eyes the skillful and innovative performance of the young women from both the teams. The standard of combat has increased dramatically.
Nongpoh, Naitung 26: After many months of problems faced by the students of JNV Ñiangbari due to lack of drinking water, food, toilet facilities, expired medicines, the students of JNV Ñiangbari ha Ri-Bhoi, with a sad spirit, can no longer be set after several children have arrived at the hospital and suffered from suspected illnesses caused by the wastewater they drank at their residence. The school and the students today came forward to express their problems.
“In a few months after the elections, I will hand over the power to the new MRD – I will no longer be the MRD candidate if the Congress comes to power,” said Dr. Singh. The MRD will be appointed by the UPA.
And if the farmers don't have enough jobs, it will affect the food security of the poor and force them to look for money.
He urged them to prepare many accommodation facilities in advance to ensure that when they are evicted from their homes, they can be accommodated in these shelters.
Shillong: The Lyngiong Presbyterian Secondary School, today celebrated its 25th Anniversary. The ceremony was attended by Mawphlang MLA Eugeneson Lyngdoh, Mawphlang MLA, Shillong. MDC Bah Lamphrang Blah, VS Nongbet, Lyngdoh of Lyngiong Hima, Sirdar of Nonglwai Hima, Chief Executive Members, parents of school children and others. invite.
Mawkyrwat, July 13: Thousands of people have flocked to Mawsaw village in South West Khasi Hills today to take part in a march to condemn the murder of Tekstarly Lyngkhoi, an 18-year-old girl. years of age in the town.
He urged them to be responsible for the movement of the authorities, especially before concluding his speech, he said, “Be ready to appear at any time when the nation needs warning”.
Surprisingly, the road from Pariong to Rngisawlia has been cleaned up from the beginning.
You're Non.
The Meghalaya Sport Climbing and Mountaineering Association (MeSCMA) has expressed its pride in the ability of Bah Tenny Khongnoh to graduate with Grade “A” which is the highest recognition from the Mountaineering Institutes for graduates. parts that can be done well in search and rescue training.
rti seeker.1) You are the Khasi Students' Union, You are the strongest sword of the country; shor ia pha;The foundation of your country to build,To follow in the footsteps of the ancestors.3) You are the sword and the founder,To lead the heroes;You are also the teacher,You give light to the children of the country .4) Many leaders you have chosen, Sons of Mother; Those who are responsible for their country, Evil, wickedness does not leave. 5) In the midst of your journey, You have found many troubles; at ki them,But the foundation is strong.6) You are the true stieh to protect,You are the guardian of the country!You stand and throw on the battlefield,You have shed your blood. ,Because you are a protector;You don't want to look after the children of the country,To be killed by the authorities.8) The authorities of the country, the foreigners,They want to destroy you; -rukom,But they don't dare to throw you.9) They stir up the same,From the fire like a lion they cry; 11) While the KSU is alive, While the blue flag is still alive! Ko Ri Khasi, don't be a slave, Foreigners don't dare to do it. bakhraw.12) To live for the country you don't rest,To live for the country you are strong!You are the star of the country!You are the star of the country!Name:- Carmel Fedrick MalngiangLocation: Wahkaliar, Sohra, East Khasi Hills district, Meghalaya 793108Ph.
Hek said he was angry over the incident.
He said that it is not only after 14 days that the containment zones have been closed, but after two or three days, they can be closed if the health officials have verified that this is the case. and the disease shall not spread in that city.
Speaking to reporters, some of the passengers said that the presence of the hole is a danger not only to the vehicles but also to the people who walk because of the mistakes, such as liat in the hole, la I'm sorry because it's a very big hole.
Whether this will be temporary cannot be said but everyone hopes that the unity to bring in a government in line with the wishes of the people will be true until the end of the term of the current House.
This can be done only if the people of the state have a strong will, in the same way only if the youth have the will to do this work the state will be strong and prosperous.
Seng Leader Shem Rynniaw said that the RTI shows that the work of the MLA has become like a family business.
“They don't have any other way and this is the only way to buy the people with money and blankets, and what is more sad is that they want to buy the foundation of the future of Ri-Bhoi District” “We have already faced many difficulties in the past especially during the lockdown due to the outbreak of Covid-19,” said Bah George. but it is surprising that those helpers come out during this election time to deceive the people with money and blankets.
The union congratulates the PWD for completing the cleaning of the road from Sumer to Kyrdemkulai, from Lad Zero to Pham Kyrdem Kulai and from Udiker to Zero Point. The cleaning of the road has made it easier for the people to travel.
Conrad Sangma has gone to Sohra to plant trees.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 22 cases including 19 civilians.
On this occasion, the owners and drivers of taxis attended the meeting to elect the new office bearers including the President: Dayoolangki Pakma, Vice President: Dominic Dkhar, General. Secretary: Mr. Nangteibor Shang pliang, Asst.General Secretary: Mr. Eddy Tang.
There were also 14 participants including H. Stalyne Diengdoh, Jerry Stevens Kharlyngdoh, Alabaster Kharlyngdoh, Fairysha Kharlyngdoh, Balasiewdor Wahlang, Junemerry Shangdiar, Mebada. Fulljunesing Marngar, James Anderson Kharlyngdoh, Welljune R. Nongsiej, Pynkhañbor Wanniang, Willbornson Wahlang, Lamkupar Kharjahrin and Kynsaibor Wahlang.
According to the doctor, in his research in the last 20 years in Meghalaya, many women especially from Jaintia Hills have become lyngki.
The tournament was inaugurated by AJCA President Eddy Shylla, Treasurer Embhahlang Shylla, General Secretary Isaiah Muksor and other members of the AJCA. Ten teams participated in the tournament including Khimmusniang, Moodymmai, HUCC, Khliehtyrshi Sports Club, 4-Mookaiaw United, Chutwakhu, Rising Star, Ummulong, Lion Sports & Youth Affairs (LSYA) and of Umshangiar.
The Lyngkhat Football Stadium, which has been famous since ancient times and especially after it produced Aibor Khongjee, a football player from India, has been destroyed since The government has forcibly constructed the road of the signboard in the middle of the Lyngkhat Football Stadium.
Within the last 10 months, the KHADC has appointed Bah Nangkiewdor S Khongwir as the Acting Syiem of the Hima.
The Sohkha Mission Village Durbar has donated money to the Chief Minister's Relief Fund (CMRF) for COVID-1
His songs are very educational and fun to listen to.
The body of the youth was found floating in the water this morning by the relatives and people of Mawkriah village who have been waiting for the night since the days when the youth drowned.
In the manhole there is a casket which is a jar which after a long time of running can drain little by little water into the tank.
According to the NGT Committee, these coal mines are dangerous in all aspects if the village authorities and also the coal owners do not take care of the abandoned crematoria or coal mines. .
This year we plan to provide assistance to Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Malki Square, the venue of the public meeting, and even at the Secretariat, the police patrol was heavy.
He said that in fact when there is any natural disaster, the government should provide immediate assistance to those affected especially to get clean drinking water. they shall be free from disease.
The meeting was led by the Chairman of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi District, Bah BB Makdoh and the Union of Village Youth Associations. The Garo people through the All Ri Bhoi Garo Headmen Association (Achik) and the All Khasi Hills Achik Federation (Achik Federation) have demanded that the Garo people should be allowed to become Rangbah Shnongs. The All Khasi Hills Achik Federation (Achik Federation) on 16th October 2024 has also held a meeting at Nongspung. A for the purpose of allowing Garo Rangbah Shnong to become Rangbah Shnong and also to demand certificates for those Garo Rangbah Shnong.
The State Government has also implemented a system of procurement of medical supplies whereby health centers can also send their requirements to the relevant authorities.
The hospital has facilities for the operation of operating theatre, optometry, maternity room, panchakarma and others.
Jesus said to His disciple who wanted to go and bury his Father first, "Let the dead bury the dead.
These plants or leaves in your home can absorb carbon monoxide and pollutants such as formaldehyde and benzene.
“Corruption, lack of governance, lack of development programs and lack of implementation of education requirements have made Manipur a backward state, "The Minister told reporters in Thrissur.
During the Christmas Carol, a Shangoid with the image of the Sisters and Women's Association of the Parish will be prepared and will be transported to Lumshyrmit by truck.
The Dorbar Shnong Loompyrdi Ïongpiah as part of the efforts to train the youth to succeed in education especially has held a Career Guidance training at the Loompyrdi Ïongpiah Hall on the 25th of this month.
These are the incidents caused by natural forces that have struck during the ongoing winter.
He said that the Church has sent parents to take care of their children and to monitor their actions.
Islamabad: At least 73 people were killed in a train fire in Pakistan today.
AAY rice will be distributed at 35 kilos per household free of charge, PHH rice will be distributed at 5 kilos per month free of charge, while Non-NFSA rice will be distributed at 7.215 kilos per month. The price of rice shall not exceed 12.00/- per kilo and the price of rice shall not exceed 14.00/- per kilo.
The group that produced this song would like to thank the villagers of Mawlynnong, Riwai Living Root Bridge and Bah Stoper Tynsong.
It is alleged that the incident which caused the woman to cry at the Civil Hospital was because the medicine slip distributors had spoken too much and refused to issue the slip.
“You honorable leaders of Jaintia Hills, what do you have to do for the people?
Now we see that God sent plagues on the countries of the world because they rebelled against His Word.
The day laborers who work in the morning, who work in the morning, who work in the morning, who work on Saturday, who work in the fields, who carry daju, who work mystery and others. middle.
“How much does the government spend to pay the police who have been sent to patrol the Harijans, while there are no police in the Langpih Mukroh area where there is no violence.
Shillong: U Donboklang Thabah, son of Eldaris Thabah, resident of Mawlai Nongkwar, has gone missing since July 4,
PK Sangma and others.
According to the president of the KSU, if the government does not stop the company from forcibly building the railway line, the KSU will go its own way and if anything happens the government should be held responsible.
May God give us the wisdom and understanding to fight the battles we face in our own lives.
Only those aged 17.5 years to 21 years can apply.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 16: Two church groups in Lamalong village, Mawhati constituency, have received assistance from MDC, Bah Charles Marngar, who has allocated land for them. Graveyard shed and a place to hold Holy Mass in their cemeteries, which is according to the needs expressed by these church groups.
However, 14 persons were injured in the incident, while seven persons were still missing till Friday morning.
Speaking to reporters, Kong Ampareen said, “Many departments have come together in this regard to convince the people of Jaintia Hills and West Khasi Hills that until there is a road. These are the opportunities and please cooperate with us and look forward to the opportunities to earn a living in the right direction”.
When asked what he has to say or see on the SC decision, especially the MMDR Act 1957, he said he needs to look into it. before on this, and at present he cannot criticize anything.
In fact, this department is very important because it looks after the problem of lakhs of people who cannot afford to be discriminated against by traders and companies when they buy goods but the lack of information and visibility made it difficult for people to go to whom and how to complain.
The question raised by the teachers is whether they should have to apply for their rights. The union asked and added that the teachers who have not yet received their salaries will do whatever is necessary against the Principal.
The match on 9.11.2023 will be between Ladthadlaboh and Khimusniang at 2 pm.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the DMHO, Bah Apborlang Nongrum, Working President of HITO, Ri-Bhoi in the presence of Keny Nongrum Secretary and members, expressed his gratitude to the DMHO. He said that the government has decided to sell all the government departments to private companies without the knowledge of the people. The sub-centers should have been announced to the public, but now it has not been so and the government has handed over these 15 sub-centers to the HANS Foundation.
The KJP Assembly is an annual meeting of the youth of three Synods, namely the KJP Western Synod, the KJP Eastern Synod and the KJP Central Synod.
Shillong: Although Meghalaya has celebrated its 50th anniversary, it is sad to see that Huroi village, still does not have adequate roads, electricity and schools. KSU Huroi District Unit, East Jaintia Hills District Unit, on 19th July 2023, has renewed its office bearers.
From the start of the tournament, the men's team played well, scoring 58-55 in the first round of the tournament.
Speaking on the occasion, the Vice President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Bah Donboklang Kharlyndoh, has vowed to hold a protest and blockade the Raj Bhavan on the 7th of October, to block the two MLAs. The Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) will not take part in the swearing-in ceremony.
Also present were Sunil Deodhar, National General Secretary of the BJP in charge of the North East, BJP President Ernest Mawrie and others.
Speaking to media, the CEM said that these gates have been in existence since the previous Executive Committees and are not new.
Due to the strike, non-government schools from lower primary to higher secondary schools have been severely affected.
Pakistan has demanded an investigation by both countries to find out the root cause of the crash on the Pakistani border and has also demanded the international community to They should closely monitor this incident, especially between these countries, which have nuclear weapons.
“The action of the MDA government now has something behind it and surprises many people, how can it allow these factories to import coal from abroad when coal is still plentiful in the state,” he said. Leningstar said the government has allowed the transportation of coal from the state and East Jaintia Hills alone which has been allowed to auction by the NGT has up to 75 thousand metric tonnes and it can fill it. coal to these coal factories.
“The main issue is to find the people who inject formalin into the fish.
Through this letter, the Seng strongly warns the male and female students not to wear or dress immodestly in schools as well as in relation to the uniforms or civil dress of the students. colleges / training centres.
But the truth is that even the Bible, the greatest and most respected book of Christians, tells us that when Jonah fled from the presence of God, it is said that Jonah went up into the sea. boat.
Adityanath said those who are afraid to shout 'Bharat Mata ki Jai' and 'Vande Mataram' should not get votes at all.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: Mawlai and Laitkor have reached the semi-finals of the Women's Football League sponsored by the Shillong Sports Association after winning their final matches on Thursday. at Third Ground, Polo Ground, Shillong.
Challenge : means to challenge, challenge, challenge, challenge – challenging is to speak against, challenging is to speak or stand against others; kynpeiñ or kyrpien are the same words of one of the regions in Khasi Hills which mean to be willing to fight.
It is learned that some of them have gone to read about their reservation policy but have surrendered because they cannot complete it.
" He said So everyone all got ready to leave.
It is believed that the robbers burnt down the vehicle and fled the scene.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The first meeting of the Ministerial Committee to discuss the Meghalaya Landlords Bill will be held tomorrow at 11 am at the Central Library.
As witnessed, India has reportedly had very few recruitments to ISIS compared to the majority of Muslims, especially the youth.
On the other hand, Sindhu suffered a setback in the second match against Denmark's Line Christophersen, but fought hard to finish the match with a draw. They won 21-13, 17-21, 21-1
Therefore, banks need to take action to bring to the people that awareness so that everyone can be comfortable and be able to improve rapidly in economic development not only in some villages, but in the state and also. the whole country.
He said that the condition of the road in Narpuh area is still posing a threat to the travellers as it is impossible to know when the landslide will fall on the road. The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, urged the people to be vigilant and careful while travelling.
The incident happened at 7:30 pm on the road to Mukroh village on the Assam-Meghalaya border in West Jaintia Hills District.
Nongpoh, Nailur 07: The Office of the District Medical and Health Officer, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh has launched a campaign for the children under 5 years of age. Intensified Mission Indradhanush (IMI) is a campaign conducted across India with the aim of helping and providing vaccination to children under 5 years of age and poor mothers. those who have not received their tickets in the past so that all those who have already received their tickets should take them at this time.
Bah Lakmen said the schools are funded by the Central Government through the Ministry of Tribal Affairs and the purpose of these schools is to help improve the education of the tribals across the country. India.
There are 542 recoveries.
Shillong, Nailur 11: Police of Mawlai, Shillong, today at 4 pm, have seized a Tourist Taxi (ML 05 H 8180). batteries and when investigated, the robbers, who were in the vehicle, said that they had stolen from many mobile phones in Ri Bhoi.
“The Deputy Commissioners have done their duty to take all necessary measures to prevent any incident,” he said.
The court will hear the case again on the 25th of this month.
The owner/mahajon receives the pass.
Yes! What is the year? The question is not answered by Kat Cha.
They have decided to stop their traffic from yesterday and demanded that the state government should provide protection to these drivers, who carry petrol. They also demanded that if there is any incident against them, the State Government should be held responsible.
Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston have started dating again in recent days and made the announcement at the SAG Awards last month.
After this, a short speech was delivered by Commander Shangpliang who came along with other elders from Mawthawpdah.
On 25th November 2023, Laban Police Station received a complaint that a Pulsar 150 cc bike (ML 05-V-0993) was stolen from Lower Harisabha, Laban.
The program is in which actors respond to allegations against them on social media, or online trolling.
Sibal, in his speech, alleged that the police, some of them, have instigated the riots and thus killed those who had nothing to do with the riots.
For, behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will turn again the captivity of my people Israel and Judah, saith the LORD.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Jowai Town Circle led by Dinovert Challam President and members visited the Children's Home at Khihmusniang in Jowai. currency.
The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) invites you to the District Open Badminton Tournament to be held from 13th to 17th November at the Indoor Stadium of the WJDSA. , U-15, U-17, U-19 singles and doubles.
In politics, it is not clear whether it can elect the NPP or UDP to rule, as it has already allied with the TMC or BJP. The TMC cannot join hands with the TMC if there is no other way or if there is enough thew ka woh, the number of diah in the party is still low, but with the BJP the horkit hordang cannot. I don't know what to do.
Shillong, Jymmang 4: Dozens of market vendors from the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today turned to the Executive Member in charge of the market. Hadrian Lyngdoh to express to him the problems they are facing in Iewduh.
Shillong, July 9: The State Government has decided to challenge the decision of the High Court to remove the appointment of former Director of Social Welfare Department, Kong Loma Jyrwa as the Mission Director of the State Resource Center for Women (SRCW).
? Although not everyone is or does everything the same, those who appear outwardly destroy the good reputation of many in the eyes of other nations.
I don't know if they don't understand the request of many churches or is it politics? One is that they don't have the spirit of working together and being the leaders of the nation as a whole.
The Skill Development Training was held from 15th January to 29th January, 2024 at Tyrshang and Larnai villages, West Jaintia Hills District. village.
The Cabinet on 12th October, approved the Meghalaya IT/ITeS Policy to create employment opportunities for the youth.
This is the first meeting of Bah Shangpliang in his journey to campaign as a candidate for the 2018 MLA election.
Regarding the students, he congratulated the KSU Mawlongbah Unit for encouraging them through this day as education is very important these days.
Therefore, corruption has started since the elections because in India or Meghalaya we don't have any provisions in the Constitution that prohibit Government officials from standing for MLA/MP/MDC elections immediately. only after they retire from work.
The Union Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, Dr Bharati Pravin Pawar, today held a meeting at the Secretariat in Shillong to review the operation of health centers and the health department and the implementation of schemes. The Government of Meghalaya.
He said that the Minister has promised to take action on this issue.
The birth of Jesus is recorded in the four Gospels of the Bible but no one knows the exact dates and months, but what we do know is that Jesus was born in the cold winter months.
The fear is that they will reach the point where they will destroy and destroy the management of the Petroleum Depot, until Indian Oil cannot refuse to close the dam. The Petroleum Depot has been closed once again.
He said that it does not mean that once the ILP is received, to accept the CAA but the party will continue to oppose the CAA which should be abolished completely.
Ngaitlang Dhar, urged the doctors to be respectful, to be calm and to work hard and also to be diligent in the work to ensure that this health center will grow from one to another. one day to another.
It is up to us to follow the directions of the government.
The Prime Minister also stressed that Meghalaya needs to be free from the world.
Because the true worship of God is that we are worshipers and God is watching over us.
Khliehriat, Nailur 19: Due to the landslide on the National Highway-6 near the tunnel in Sonapur, there has been a slight disruption in traffic where only small vehicles can pass and heavy vehicles have fallen. to stand up for a while.
The 53 kilometer Kupli River Holiday Ride is the centerpiece of the Cycle for Health, Tourism and Cleanliness.
Firearms were recovered from the suspects, police added.
“Those who start crossing the border in Pakistan should also know that they will get the right answer,” said Nisar, adding that India should know that Pakistan is not like Myanmar. .
Body heat.
The program was enriched by traditional songs, traditional dances and a skit on Tirot Sing Syiem by the district officials and others who came from Shillong.
They should not do anything beyond the limit without understandingWhen your children ask before they do things, you should set the limit and that they should not go beyond.
The General Assembly in April also received 14 objections and 44 supports from 121 members in the resolution this month.
On the other hand, Bah Amazing said that he has known Bah Ardent since 2018 when they were in the HSPDP. The government should take responsibility for the health of Bah Ardent.
Shillong: Smit FC beat Nongkrem FC 3-1 in the SSA U-18 SPL at Polo Ground today.
Your eyes are only 45% 55% light.
As part of the promotion of talented musicians, dancers and traditional singers and also to facilitate their participation in various festivals, programs and workshops held in the state and around the country. In India, the Department of Arts & Culture of the State Government is inviting applications from individuals and groups who perform traditional singing, dancing and dancing to empanel with this Department of Government.
They came to Jowai to help the eight persons who were arrested in an attempt to help them get bail.
Ten thousand.
Real Madrid / Chelsea vs Man City / Bayern.
“The schemes, the missions that Conrad K Sangma has started to help women, other groups but others because they don't know how to fight for themselves, they just say this scheme is wrong, not respected, you will get Where is the respect when you have a mind, your mind is only to insult people,” said Prestone.
However, it is only the job of MP/MLA/MDC who doesn't require education or training but even if you don't have a degree, you can win easily if you have a lot of money.
Police have arrested an unnamed person for investigation into the incident. Yesterday at 10.30 pm, a An unidentified man was hit by a car at Lad Mukhla, West Jaintia Hills and died on the spot.
In 2003, he won the election as MLA from Sohiong Constituency from the Congress party and held the post of Minister of Home Affairs until
Low and high blood pressure (BP) are the most common diseases.
A case has been registered under PS Case No. 14(3) 2023 u/s 20(b)(ii)(c)/29NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing. others involved.
During this relief visit, the Unit has donated rice, Phan, Dai, Piat, Umphniang bam, Shini, Slasha and Mluh to support these families. They don't have to go out alone to work during the day because they have to follow the orders of the village authorities and this has caused a lot of trouble to these families as they are living by working in the morning. bad bam that night.
For the Tura MP seat, the MDA should not talk too much but should support the MP candidate nominated by the NPP. Dummy candidates of the Congress or anyone else but they too will not be able to win in Garo Hills.
Shillong, Naitung : The North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health & Medical Sciences (NEIGRIHMS), Shillong has been selected and announced by the National Medical Commission (NMC) to become the Regional Center (RC) for Medical Educational Technologies. (RC- MET).
On Saturday, Iranian President Ebrahim Raisi said Iranian women must wear the hijab when going outside and in public places. It is said that this is the religious belief of the people.
“We need a discussion and it should not just end with saying to fix this recruitment quota, but we also need to discuss because we are fighting with other ethnic groups who are with us and we cannot leave but we need to discuss in such a way that it should be appropriate between us," he said.
King Lokendro said: “You are the King of the Jirang Kingdom.
Meghalaya qualified for the semi-finals of the Khelo India Youth Games with a 2-1 win over Karnataka in Indore.
Thus, it was 4-1, not all of them agreed as the RAI to Privacy was granted by nine judges of the SC last year, on 24th July,
The new school was inaugurated by Gerhard Albert, President of KHUBLEI Germany, on 12th June 2024 in the presence of Most Rev. Ferdinand Dkhar, Bishop of Jowai Diocese, Additional Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills Bah F.B.Basan, Director of Jaintia Hills Development Society Fr.Manbha Pakem, Bah D.Lamare, Secretary/Supervisor Education Department, West Jaintia Hills, Fr.Martin Shylla, Vicar General of Jowai Diocese, Rangbah Shnong, Fathers, Sisters and other guests.
Shillong, Nailur 30 : Mawlai SC on Thursday won the OC Blue Shillong Premier League 2021-22 trophy after beating Langsning FC in the 2021-22 FIFA World Cup. The final match of the tournament will be played on Thursday at the Third Ground, Polo, Shillong.
“You don't have to go to Delhi or the district headquarters to get the benefits from the government,” he said.
In this meeting, the Registrar said that they will try to release the results of the students today, as the answers of the students have been sent by some colleges on Friday night.
(3) must publish all names that are removed and on what grounds.
The college has been affiliated to the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) while the Higher Secondary College has been affiliated to the Meghalaya Board of School Education.
Trains have run to the plain Garo Hills and many have begun to see the dangers.
“When I contest the MLA election to serve the people, I don't want to win only once and to achieve my goal of winning and serving is through the cooperation with you people,” he said. You must win by your love for the people and by your good works.
The Government has also allocated 50 percent subsidy to the youth to raise livestock in the fields of cattle, pig, cow and other activities and 357 cooperative societies have been established under the CEM ELEVATE scheme. 1139 metric tonnes by 2023 and the state's fish production so far this year is 19,374 metric tonnes.
In connection with this incident, police suspect that the robbers had already killed the foreigner from one place, but brought him back to the village.
Jasmine Laitflang, Academics Head of AVENUES, said, “We believe that children have their own interests and take their own time and way to acquire education.
The world is changing all the time and it is necessary for us to keep pace with these changes.
Inder Agrawal, President of the Aidtyapur Small Industries Association (ASIA), said that the purchase of vehicles from Tata Motors has dropped by 40 percent in November 2019 and that there are now 25-30 factories. The reason for the closure of the country is due to the high price of electricity, which has increased by 38 percent since June
However, during the same hours, Sohra received only 1.0 mm of rainfall, while Umiam received 4.2 mm.
The Taliban on Tuesday warned British troops to withdraw within 10 days, or else there will be a full-scale fighting.
On the other hand, Commander Shangpliang demanded that the government should allocate funds for the two schemes, the Mawsaw Combine Water Supply Scheme. The scheme is the Mawiong-Pawphlang Water Scheme.
The incident happened at 8:45 pm and the family members have not received any news yet. After the rescue team, they have not received any news. can complete the work after bad weather and darkness.
Winning the toss, Meghalaya chose to wait and bowl first, but this choice of Meghalaya probably benefited Jharkhand as they scored 339/5 in 45 overs.
Ronnie M.Nongbri was the top scorer of the team after scoring 114 runs from 116 balls.
We can build the Taj Mahal with Rs 240 crore and not the convention center with that money,” he said.
They have sent their resignation letter to the President/Secretary of the KSU Central Body, and said that the resignation of all the members is for the same reason. They said that they have withdrawn from the KSU due to domestic issues within the KSU which they said there is no longer any understanding, which has led to the decision to suspend a strong member of the KSU and another member of the KSU. Shillong, November 3, 2013: The Khasi language is not respected by the people at Madan Student on 30th November, 2013 through the protests demanding ILP. poor, compared to other languages ​​in India, but one poor thing is that people don't know how to use it in many cases.
The departure of two candidates from the HSPDP to support the ruling party has deprived the paradoh parasnam leaders of the opportunity to become prime minister.
Adelbert also condemned the incident and said that other parties should not disrupt the NPP party meeting in Jaiaw in the past few days. another party during the election campaign.
Shillong, July 6: The Education Cell of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has demanded that the State Government should introduce more centers to conduct the Common University Entrance Test (CUET) examination in Meghalaya.
Shillong Lajong have now earned 15 points from five games.
Rawon, who caught these fish, is a fisherman and every day he spends his time fishing in Wah Umngot and according to residents of Shnongpdeng. He said that the rawon has accepted that the fishing business is his job.
At present, the construction of the State Zoo is in progress and the Government intends to complete it as soon as possible.
The festival was inaugurated by the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, in the presence of Bah Sanbor Shullai, Minister of Arts and Culture and other government officials.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 12: The residents of the border areas with Assam have faced serious problems in transportation, illness and walking especially during the rainy season. due to the lack of good transport roads to their villages.
This event aims to improve the society by welcoming the participants including their knowledge, kindness and blessings.
The HNLC said that out of 34 coke factories in Jaintia Hills, 14 have been approved within five months and many government employees are involved in the approval of these factories. .
His desire to come to the city came after he learned through his friends about the beauty of the city especially his fellow singers.
The opposition parties have united and this has severely affected the Trinamool.
Raliang was selected by Ma Pyndap Lamare, VLE of Digital Services and Governance CSC Raliang.
Emisakani Warjri scored 13 runs (not out) for Meghalaya in 43 overs.
About 40 workers were stranded after a 4.5 km long tunnel between Silkyara and Dandalgaon collapsed on the Brahmakhal-Yamunotri road in Uttarakhand on Sunday. God.
The ED said that during the investigation, it was found that these three companies including the Surana Group have defrauded the banks by being involved in this activity. companies where they have appointed employees or relatives as Directors/Proprietors and Partners and involved in the destruction of documents which clearly explain the flow of money and have not sent large amount of money went to the accounts of people including the promoters of the company by stealing money from other companies.
Shillong, March 7: The KSU Mawkajem Area Unit on Tuesday held a cleanliness drive on the Shillong-Pynursla (NH.40) road. Laitlyngkot to Pom Lum village where all the plastic and other garbage was cleaned and burnt. The cleanliness drive was led by the President of the Seng Bah Amosstar Khongknaw.
Not only that, it was also reported that the stone transporters have set up their own special accommodation for their drivers, where they can look after and take care of their drivers, in case they have a He said that the responsibility of looking after and caring for the drivers is on the stone transporters, but the union will help in case of emergencies. The Covid Committee has prepared a tanker to pick up the vehicle, which can no longer be built on the road. There shall also be an ambulance, if there are drivers, or employees quarantined in the parking lot, who may become ill while in the workplace, which shall be quarantined. by the covid committee of these traders and truck drivers.
As the days go by, the infiltration of mynder in different parts of the country and abroad, has created more and more problems for this small community.
Regarding this tragic incident, we urge the governments of Meghalaya and Assam to immediately provide justice to the families of the deceased and injured and to ensure that the people of Mukhroh village can recover. The MPHRC strongly condemns all the crimes and protests that have happened recently in the state especially those who have many individuals who have been involved in unexpected incidents whether it is the indigenous people, the minorities or any other group and especially the involvement of journalists.
“What will Modi give to the state and what will benefit us will end in expectation when even the Bhalang parties who want to raise the issues of the people do not have the opportunity to meet according to the report. "I'm going to Mawphor," he said.
Dr Rida Pusein, Incharge, ART Civil Hospital Ialong, in her speech, said that this day has been celebrated since 1st April 1983 in San Francisco on Sunday of the third month. May.
The Chief Minister of Mizoram has confirmed that there have been two earthquakes within 12 hours in the state.
“I have seen and found that many officers sit in office for months and months to do file work and don't have the spirit to go to the rural areas,” he said. said Dr Donkupar.
We would like to thank all of you who have come to condole and pray for our family and especially for the rest of the soul of (L) Ekwin Pala.
Hek said that in this state, the people have not elected a party, but they have elected a person. “I have contested from the BJP and I have won, I have contested from the Congress and I have won. Purno Seh contested from the NCP and won – contested from the NPP also won, the people here elected a person, look at the last elections when the wind of Modi was still blowing but the people elected “There are BJP candidates from Pynthor-Umkhrah,” he said.
The event was attended by teachers and students from various schools in Ri Bhoi District, including teachers from Friendly Academy Hr.Sec School, Fatima School, Lapongshai Secondary School. , Little Blossom Secondary School.
This area is a good place to plant kwai, tympew and soh pai and the soh u pai produced from this area is very sweet and juicy.
The French troops burnt down the houses, the hali-ki hator, thinking that if they didn't get food and shelter, the Jaintia would be destroyed.
He said he opposed the use of money in the elections because he wanted to hold a clean and transparent election.
It is learned that suddenly these two men together with their friends came to demand money from u u Thubru and when he refused to give us the money demanded up to 7 thousand tyngka, they bombed him. shoot and threaten to kill him.
The NSCN(IM) has announced a 12-hour curfew in parts of Nagalin from midnight tonight and will continue till tomorrow afternoon. the Government of India, has remained silent on the social media of the two parties.
Furthermore, according to the incident, the body of Bah Marshall Marweiñ has been found in the garbage since Saturday and this is the second day for about 4 days. The SDRF Police of the Municipal Department and the Municipal Department have been working hard.
The Society for Action in Community Health (SACH) with the assistance of HDFC Bank has spent a lot of money to improve the school from the painting to the improvement of the facilities. , library, electricity, toilets to keep the students warm in the cold weather and other facilities of this school, the staff of SACH in the presence of the staff of HDFC Bank together with the teachers held a special program to cut the ribbon and hand it over to the school authorities.
At the same time, he confirmed that he will win the 2023 election, while at the state level, he said that the NPP will win about 32 seats and the government will be formed by the NPP alone without There are no more wheat to be gathered, for example, “there will be no more wheat to be gathered, and only the wheat will be gathered”.
This action of the authorities has created problems for the students who have not been able to apply for the Master Degree, as NEHU has not extended the deadline for application.
The CEM said that there are others who have been living for a long time and have proper trading licenses and come to renew their trading licenses from time to time.
Besides, at the Civil Hospital, the doctors have to treat all kinds of patients, so it is very difficult especially for the children and the poor mothers.
President KJDSTA said that the KJDSTA does not agree with the double registration of students by MBOSE because this is not the rule like other boards or universities.
He said the party will also nominate six women candidates who have applied for tickets.
Those who own firearms must also bring their Residential Certificate from the Waheh Chnong, EPIC and 2 (2) passport size photographs.
He said that the Sordar Shnong has attacked and done whatever he wants, by holding a public announcement on 20/12/18 and in this public announcement from 4000 residents Laitlyngkot Village Council, has invited only 17 people close to him to get their consent to build a bypass road from the new site.
It is on this they appear to be important amidst you trying to lose weight.
Shillong, November 28: U Bah Comfort Doloi, the BJP candidate for Jirang constituency, on Tuesday said that in the last 45 years, Jirang has had a leader with a sword. Only two MLAs, Snomik Kalwing and Bah Gerson Lyngdoh, are from Jirang constituency.
All the fifteen had their lamps and their lamps, and they took oil in them.
Many BJP members or Karyakartas have accused Bah Mawrie of running his affairs alone or being a dictator.
Shillong: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh on Monday held a meeting with officers from various departments of the State Government to discuss how to avoid delays in the Legislative Assembly. Construction of the House of Representatives of the State at Mawdiangdiang.
The BRO has also stated in its affidavit that vehicles carrying more than 10 MT should no longer be allowed to pass through this bridge.
When Eusebia arrived at the Deputy Commissioner's office, she did not receive permission to release the post mortem.
After the match, the winners and runners-up were awarded prizes as well as individual prizes including Best Goalkeeper to Damang Rymbai of Kyrshan Para-i, Top Scorer to Sanborlang Kharsahnoh and Man of the. Two players of Para-i FC have committed suicide in a fishing pond in Nangbah, West Jaintia Hills District.
There have also been complaints from many Cement Plants in East Jaintia Hills because the construction is not smooth and orderly, and also the salary is not equal to other workers from outside our state. .
Researchers say according to their findings during studies designed to understand the real reasons for women's gold jewellery.
It should not be in their will to leave their parties before being elected as Speakers.
Shillong: Meghalaya today commemorated the 78th death anniversary of Paieid Soso Tham by holding a public holiday.
The statement said that the HNLC stands firm on the basis of bringing peace with the state government.
It is as if you have appointed the boss of the Nepalis as king.
Shillong: U Rupang today visited Dr N. Wanswet, Medical Superintendent of Ganesh Das Hospital, Shillong to discuss the death of Anita Singh. Room at Ganesh Das Hospital, Shillong.
When any development works, projects, schemes come within the district, the villagers of the district should benefit, should participate in the implementation as contractors, suppliers, and also in employment. Employment of youth in training centers and government offices in the district The villagers of the district should benefit more, whether in East Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills, 80% of the district owners should benefit in the recruitment of vacancies in government posts within the district. level post) through the District Selection Committee, Departmental Selection Committee and other committees that while there are district owners, the districts should be given priority in terms of income, trade and inheritance, as well as in education. and employment opportunities for the youth should not be taken advantage of by those outside the district.
Oh Lord, lead us from darkness to light, From slavery to freedom, From death to life, from death to life. Amen.
Jowai, Nailar 01: The 3rd Division Football Tournament 2023, organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) was held on Tuesday at Sta Nangbah Stadium, Kiang. Southeast Jowai.
Shillong, Lber 01 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Thursday met with the Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare to demand the establishment of the North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional. Shillong is one of the largest medical centers in the North East.
The fishing of fish for the people should be stopped.
Shillong, July 19: After the expiry of 10 days deadline set by the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District for the purpose of resolving the issues arising in the LDA-Cum Typist examination, the EJNC-Central Council, JSM-Central Body, HANM-Jaintia-Jaintia Hills District today met with the DC of EJHD but the three parties did not have the opportunity to meet him. The Secretary Member of DSC-EJHD, DV Lyngdoh, who is also the ADM of EJHD, has met with the DC as he is outside the district. She said that the DSC has not been able to hold a meeting due to lack of time and at present they have not been able to take a decision whether to hold the examination for the post of LDA or not. LDA-Cum Typist.
The Umru Village Leader said that the village has no intention of banning or restricting private individuals and Sengbhalang if they do any activities in the border villages, but as the village is concerned. to make any inappropriate comments, as it will affect the people living in the area, therefore when they intend to do anything or take action, they should inform the authorities. shnong, so that the people can avoid encountering problems.
The state has lost about 500 lives every day for the past 10 months and the number of cases in the state has risen to 139,0
The opening ceremony was attended by Bah Jason S. Mawlong, NPP Candidate from Umsning, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh and many others.
These people had to seek shelter in other houses of their neighbors every night to escape the cold and rain.
“It is a shame for our nation if the authorities in charge of the Elaka do not take action to rebuild this Elaka which has lost its name and is the oldest which was built by our ancestors,” he said. Ma Francis Lapasam (Chief Minister of Mowbhar Village Council).
Markini Lathong scored 24 runs (3×4), Bundaki Lathong scored 19 runs (3×4 and 1×6). They took 2 wickets in 4 overs.
In Meghalaya, too, the political situation has changed dramatically.
There were 42 students who placed in the Top 20 and 14 in the Top
The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma on Thursday announced the names of the scholars to be included in the State Education Commission (SEC) which will be headed by Prof. Sherwin May Sungoh. Department of Education, North Eastern Hill University (NEHU).
If two thirds of the State Legislative Assemblies approve the Act passed by Parliament under the 23rd Amendment to the Constitution of India, the rights and protections of the backward people as Indigenous Peoples .
Out of tens of thousands of commercial vehicles, who will fall into the 25%, JNURM vehicles will fall into the same? Why ban only in 3 districts and not in others.
The same leaders who were praised by many Indian leaders to lead the prayer for the Corona virus (or Covid-19) on 12th June 2020, are the same people who held the alcohol to increase income; in order to replace the illegal export of coal.
CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing said, “Because the corrupt Congress parties are protesting at the RBI in Shillong, we too are against the corrupt Congress government in Meghalaya.
Sangma died of his injuries.
Also present at the program was Sailesh Kumar, Director of Finance, Ministry of Rural Development, Union Government, who is also the Observer of East Jaintia Hills District. Also present were the District Nodal Officer, VBSY, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah D. Lyngdoh, Government officials of various departments, Village Authorities and others.
“I have already spoken to the police and we will hold a meeting with the Dorbar Shnong at the police department to investigate the matter,” said Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
The village has banned any vehicles from traveling at night and also the money distributors if found by the village, they can be punished according to the rules of law by handing them over to the law enforcement authorities.
“This visit of the Minister of State for Child Development is part of the inspection of the implementation of schemes funded by the Central Government in the District through various government departments”.
At the same time, the Seng has requested the office to increase the time of water supply in manla villages so that it can meet the water needs of the residents and also to release it at the right time. the people are still waiting for water.
The meeting was attended by Irene Lyngdoh, Advisor of the party, W Sohlang, Assistant Secretary, Kotbor Warjri, Assistant Secretary, Badariti L Nonglait, President of the Women's Wing Central Body. Kitbok Kharlyngdoh Secretary Nongshillong Zone and other office bearers of the party.
“This is according to the rules of the inquiry commission, once the inquiry has been appointed, it will have to submit its report to the House,” said Tynsong.
“Since the BJP came to power in Nagaland, the state has witnessed development and has got Engineering College, Medical College and many educational institutions which Nagaland will get more,” he said. .
“I understand that in politics there are no permanent enemies and no permanent friends.
“I’m not sure if technological devices can reduce the network based on location or boundary.
According to the MLA, who did not want to be named, he named three senior ministers whom he believed to be against Dr. Mukul Sangma, but he did not specify who Dr. Mukul Sangma was. Mukul Sangma will remove them if he cannot be replaced as leader and prime minister.
He said that the implementation of these new initiatives is more temporary and cannot be expected to be implemented immediately as there are areas where the government has to think carefully for the benefit of the people. society to bring about change.
Shillong: The Rapid Action Force (RAF) of the Union Government today arrived in Shillong for the first time. Police of the State for the purpose of maintaining peace in the State.
The Manipur government on Tuesday announced an implementation scheme to build houses for people who have lost their homes after houses were destroyed and burnt during the violence that It has been happening since the 3rd of January, according to the authorities.
Here I have to give advice,As a reminder,When this disease is over,Let us plant stones.
“Rejoice, young man, in your youth; and let thine heart cheer thee in the days of thy youth, and walk in the ways of thine heart, and in the sight of thine eyes: but remember that God will judge thee for these things. Therefore remove sorrow from thine heart, and put away evil from thy flesh: for youth and old age are vanity.
Shillong: The Sambo athletes of the Sambo Association of Meghalaya (SAA) of Meghalaya have returned home from Haryana after winning seven medals including three gold medals. Amaziah Syiemlieh, Dame Hector Marboh and Samuel Mukherjee won three silver medals, Iaphilabet Rani, Hriday Tamang and Mewanshan Kharsyiemiong won three silver medals. 2024 which was closed today 31st October
Jowai: U Modonbai Rymbai has been elected as the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) today in a special session which started at 11 am and ended at 1 pm. .
When he was stopped by the BSF, he started recording a video of the border crossing and also the BSF Jawans on duty.
According to a statement sent by Bah Amber Light Masharing, President of RBYWO, in fact, the central government through the SSA scheme, has the intention to bring about education especially in the rural areas. of the states in India as a whole.
Shillong, July 3: Sohra Cricket Lovers will face Nongdawah CC for the title of the District League T20 Cricket Tournament 2022 organized by the East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (EKHCA).
Furthermore, the market dwellers were urged not to accept coins, and if found guilty of violating the law, punishment will be taken according to the rules of law.
“The ILP is a very important issue for us as a nation to protect us from the illegal entry of foreign authorities into our country and the Khasi language is something we want to recognize as a nation. in the fifth chapter," said Bah Roy.
Hispreaching won from the UDP which later joined the PDF and now the NPP while Victor won from the Congress, joined the PDF and now the NPP. Speaking on the occasion, Bah Hispreaching said that these MDCs have joined the party for the third time in 10 months after winning the mid-term MDC elections in November last year from Nongkrem. He confirmed that they will support the Executive Committee led by Bah Pynshngain N Syiem.
Since those times, don't we have any scholars who have given us the customs and traditions that we still follow to this day? It is wrong to say that only those who still hold the Khasi religion have the right to work. The owner of the Khasi customs and traditions.
The heat has been very high in the past two days and has been a threat to the students, the report said.
"The message, although it is simple, touches the mind and life.
The winners of this award are those who have scored 80% marks or above with four or more Distinctions.
The Dorbar Chnong Wapungskur has banned all foreigners from entering and leaving the village boundary, except for unavoidable reasons. Only those who have received permission from the government authorities will be accepted.
That is why, when we got the 21st State, in 1972, there was a question of how to build the State.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday laid the foundation stone for the renovation and cleaning of the football ground of Riangdo village in West Khasi Hills.
The Minister said that before, it used to take about three hours or more to drive by car to deliver medicines but by drone it takes only 30 minutes.
This Kñia Pyrthat is a ritual that must be performed before the four days and three nights of Behdienkhlam in the Jowai Raij.
Therefore, to speed up the work, we would like to invite all of you from the elderly, youth, leaders of various organizations, village leaders, riad leaders and hima leaders in Ri-Bhoi to Please attend the meeting to be held on the 14th March 2023 at Dorbar Hall Sajer Nongpoh at 11am to discuss how to set up a committee or forum to implement and expedite the meeting. This is according to a statement from Bah CT Nongrum and Bah PK Syngkli, Umsaw Nongkharai.
They also demanded that the government should increase the monthly allowance of the state government to 2000 tyngka from 100 tyngka and also to release the monthly allowance which has been suspended for three months.
It is to be recalled that the KSU Umsning Circle recently met with many school authorities in Umsning area regarding the presence of children who drink alcohol, smoke cigarettes even in school uniforms. The KSU has taken this step to hold this football tournament together with the KSU to educate and guide the youth to avoid bad habits. a clear message to avoid drugs and alcohol.
“We need to protect wildlife, birds and plants to sustain all living things on earth,” said Ma Lahkmen.
The committee, which has been set up besides fighting for peace in the border villages of Khanduli, will also fight to end the conflict between the Khasi-Pnar and Karbi people living on the border.
If this is not true, the people will vote for the parties that have no government.
In the letter, Singh also informed the High Court that it is the responsibility of the state government to provide security for the Chief Justice and other judges of the High Court of Meghalaya.
This shows that the Government of India wants to attack our identity again,” he said.
“We regret to inform you that no one from the Government of Meghalaya, the Prime Minister and others has condemned this bomb blast so far.
This is according to a statement from the Secretary of the Seng Samla Shnong.
There will also be an exhibition match between the Officers and MLAs of the State Government, which is scheduled to be held at the MFA Ground.
The State Government should understand that the landowners should be the guardians of their own land, because tomorrow when the coal is gone, these factories will run away. The land which remains only a shynrong, will remain forever with these land owners and there these present and former leaders, who have allowed to destroy the environment, without benefiting any villager, will they shall be ashamed and confounded, because they have destroyed the inheritances of their fathers.
Conrad K Sangma said that the exposure of the discrimination against the Sikh community in the state is wrong and the people living in this area are racist and if they want To know the truth, they had to ask the Sikhs living in other parts of Shillong, who could explain that there was no incident as they had claimed.
“In 2023, the State Government has gone to tied the door of the Supreme Court and the first hearing will be held on the 11th of this month and the case is still pending in the Supreme Court,” he said. added.
Jowai, Naitung 12: The Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (NABARD) in collaboration with the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) has held a meeting at the Dorbar Hall of Shang Pung Village on the 10th to explain the issue of come money pilen.
So I searched and went to those places near Rangjyrteh, when I searched I found that the rooms of Rangjyrteh had got pyrsut silver from ferrous sandstones.
Through the tie breaker, Nongthymmai beat Jongksha by 402 goals.
The Nongthawain, on the other hand, is a person to stand in the Dorbar Thawain to advocate and debate how to introduce laws and regulations that improve the society as a whole; to enact laws to improve education, the provision of assistance and care to the sick and the means of ensuring a peaceful life for the people of the country.
Other bowlers who took wickets were Badonnam Mylliem Ngap (1/21 in 7 overs) and Bipin Kumar Ray (1/17 in 5 overs).
Those who attended the meeting, which numbered more than 500 people, were pleased to hear that Bah Justine Dkhar also accepted their request and unanimously decided to Support Mr. Kyrmen Shylla.
In another development, Mettrinson G Momin, Deputy Chairman of the Garo Hills District Council, has resigned today.
In recent months, many people from Bangladesh have come to Khasi Hills.
Only players who are native to Meghalaya are allowed to participate in the selection program by bringing their identity cards at the time of registration.
Seven people were killed in a shooting incident at Mukroh village by Assam police and forest patrol police on the Assam-Meghalaya border.
Shillong: U Prof. Rakesh Sinha, MP of the Rajya Sabha, who claims to be the resident of Kongthong, arrived at Kongthong village this morning at 8:30 pm.
“We have ordered the doctors to release only those patients who have recovered,” said Dr Saggar.
He also alleged that even the public leaders have failed to fulfill their duty as policy makers.
The total expenditure for the awarding ceremony reached 33,41,2
Meghalaya is about to turn 50 years old and is one of the Tribal Minority States and therefore the provisions and provisions of the Constitution have been amended to separate and protect the State.
• T.2 lakh crore to be raised for 2.5 crore farmersAgriculture: Other measures during the COVID-19 pandemic• Many measures to support farmers were announced yesterday sun.
Carness said the KHADC has released 20 trucks carrying synrum to the Hima and larger markets.
The talks were over and the time had passed at 2 pm.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Electricity, today said that the Ministry has already directed the CMD of MeECL to collect information on the incident. that the two heprit.
There will be no prostitutes and prostitutes unless there are prostitutes and prostitutes who appreciate the special services of those prostitutes and prostitutes.
The Seng also urges the Kur Dkhar to fight against this issue so that those who cheat and defraud the Kur and Jait will be brought to justice.
Besides, an explanation was also given on the farming without the use of fertilizers, by the Director of Nongstoiñ Social Service Society.
On another issue, he said that the KHADC has proposed to strengthen the District Council by removing Para 12A of the 6th Schedule, and to separate its functions by dividing its own portion. what is the responsibility of the District Council and what is the responsibility of the State Government.
Japan is the fastest growing country in Asia.
Dr Mawthoh also launched the Facebook Page of KJDSTA to mark its 35th anniversary.
Many states from all over India have participated in this attempt and Meghalaya joins Uttar Pradesh.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: U Trangly Khsiar, an officer in charge of the polling station in Nongstoin constituency, has been arrested for allegedly drinking alcohol while on duty. this Monday.
Shillong, November 21: The teachers led by the VPP MLA from Mawlai Constituency, Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang on Friday said that the battle in the Supreme Court is ongoing between the teachers and the Government regarding the and the issuance of a statement prohibiting teachers from participating in the political process.
She did not attend the dorbar today because she had other duties and her resignation came when Opposition Member James K Sangma asked whether it is true that the Minister of Home Affairs. she left.
On October 10, 2021, two brothers died after being electrocuted in Umsalait village, West Jaintia Hills District.
There was also a suggestion from many to supply rice to the area and on this issue, the Second Chief Minister said that the State Government intends to supply rice to the area. to the places where there are Block offices, for the convenience of the people, who need food items.
Captain Debasmita Dutta scored 16 runs and Avril Syiem scored 7 runs (both unbeaten).
The new Cabinet of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA-II) is a mixture of older and more experienced people along with a few newly appointed Ministers.
The Deputy CEM (JHADC) thanked the Minister of State, who is also the MLA of the area, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, who has helped us to build the Obil Kyndiat Internal Road which is 10 kilometers long. metar, which was inaugurated on this day and which has helped in many development projects in the area to develop the villages. 2016 which is a crematorium in this village, through the cooperation we have seen many development works in this area,” said Bah Lasky and thanked the Wildlife Department for being willing to cooperate with the Dorbar Shnong to develop the area, which has helped to build footpaths, view points.
He strongly criticized Dr Mukul Sangma for using the power of bullets and sticks during his tenure as Chief Minister when there were any problems.
Khartik Ghosh died of hypoxic encephalopathy and Covid-19 pneumonia. He also suffered from chronic diseases such as diabetes and hypertension.
Police have arrested Md.Hachan Mia, 37, of Latugoan, Tripura and Mid.
The Chief Minister said the Tripura government has taken many steps to strengthen the fight against drugs.
The meeting was led by their Chairman, Bah John F Kharshiing in the presence of Bah Harlinjai Skhemlon, Sirdar Mawdon Hima, Bah FH Mylliem Pdah, Minister of Khyrim, Bah R. Mawiong, Secretary, Raid Ri Hynniew Kur, Hima Khy Rim, Bah Jester Khyriem Mujat, Rangbah Shnong, Nongmadan Smit, said that the Chief Executive Members have met with all the political party leaders and sent them matters that need to be addressed.
Thus, the support for the party increased.
“I speak clearly that any group who intends to commit acts of violence against the Khasi residents of Block-I and Block-II will take responsibility and we will not allow them (Kynhun The JACBoM has urged the Government of Meghalaya to bring first the villages that have been allowed to be demarcated in the second phase of the demarcation process,” said the Chairman of JACBoM. They were transferred to Karbi Anglong through Notification 1951. They should be brought back before considering the talks.
The truth is that billions of people have been forcibly stirred up and there have been great thinkers from the Khasi Jaintia Hills who have stood firm until they won, but in the past fifty years these things have changed completely. Therefore, there is no one who cannot support the Khasi leaders.
He said that the plaintiff is a person with disabilities and has the qualifications to apply for the post of teacher as she has completed her MTET and D.El.
The part we put forward is also to focus not only on health care but especially on prevention and also on explaining and explaining to them.
“This star has been trained by two coaches, Rishanlang Lyngdoh and Renold Nongsiej three times a day in the morning, afternoon and evening.
Because of this, they have received their Scheduled Tribe (ST) but they have not received their Khasi Tribe from KHADC.
The incident became headline news after it was published in the London newspaper The Sun.
The office bearers of the Committee include Taiwel Rympei as Chairman, Phol Makdoh as Vice Chairman, Amberlight Masharing as Secretary, Mistilia Dkhar as Assistant Secretary and P. Sohtun as Treasurer. and other elders.
This has defeated me as a leader from this area and remember if you can't help yourself first, no one will help you,” said Sungoh.
There is no follower, only a leader, He cleans with water, he smiles, He turns like a jalebi! kjor,One day, he will throw da bor!He has shot the water, our heads,We will cut the road,to clap our handsLike Iskat in front of Tirot,He will fall from the beginning, after he will fall! There is no banud, Monbhut's ksai ryntieh has been cut off! Like the devil, they are surprised, The ksew and the jlaw all night, In the middle of the night, the country is there, Who can carry the burden of the shon.
Shillong, November 13: The Chairperson of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Mamata Bannerjee on Tuesday handed over a check worth T.5 lakh to the relatives of three victims of the attack. Police and Forest Guards of Assam have shot dead at Mukroh village, West Jaintia Hills District on the morning of the 22nd of this month.
The children of the rich have all the necessities and children these days are learning to use mobile phones, tablets, computers and others.
The President of CSWO, Kong Agnes Kharshiing, said that these price increases are illegal because the price set by the government cannot be increased because it affects the poor.
Because the money of the poor STs has been spent by the Pla – pei (buaid – tyngka).
A two-year-old child from Hojai and Sufaddin Ahmed, 26, of Hojai, who had just arrived from Mumbai, Himashree Bora, 21, of Nagaon, who had just arrived from Rajasthan and Amir, were arrested. Hussain, 20, of Chaygaon, Kamrup (R) in Assam, was arrested on Wednesday.
Indian Super League (ISL) club NorthEast United FC are ready to bring back state star Redeem Tlang from FC Goa for the 2023-24 season.
This market has not succeeded according to its plan.
The Archbishop of Shillong, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh was the chief guest to offer the prayers. Alfred L.Nongbri, Spiritual Director of the Catholic Women's Union of Shillong Archdiocese and other Priests.
On July 15, 2020, under the leadership of Asst.Sec Ededisuk Shylla and Publicity Secretary Riki Mukhim, the union together with these children went to the Sub-Divisional Officer Civil Amlarem to seek clarification on the issue. The College has sent a letter to these students.
They are friends to all even if they are their political opponents because they are the leaders of all from those who vote or those who do not vote for them.
These issues of ILP and recognition of Khasi and Garo languages ​​have been decided by the Government of Meghalaya for more than three years, but the Delhi Ministers do not want to do so because there is something wrong. she lyndet.
Coach: Mukund, Trainer: Rakesh Gohil, Physio: Dr. Vinod Kumar Jain and Manager: Mawkordor Synrem.
The Minister also has strong faith in the power of the youth and in leading them in the right direction.
To listen to the claims of the parties that there will be many candidates from the MDA and if this is true where will it go? In fact, there is still five months left and in politics even six months is a long time and many changes can happen.
In fact, there is no government law to hold teachers or government employees accountable for the behavior of school children who are not included in the Rules of
If we look at the division of the boundary in the past in terms of Raij and Elaka it is the same but as a nation they are the same.
The government urges the insurgent groups to stop their criminal activities and to accept the call for dialogue with determination and sincerity.
The example that the State Government should take first, if it reaches this decision, is how to pay for school fees, not enough teachers, not enough school buildings, but even government schools. in Shillong, they are not well employed and they still have schools run by other groups and therefore, if the idea of ​​closing is 200 schools, it is enough to include some schools. Government schools, which are located in Shillong, because there are too many schools and to allow the rural schools, to continue to grow slowly.
“When we talk about employment, it will not only refer to government jobs but there are many ways in which the government can create jobs for the youth in the state,” he said. he said.
When asked whether he will continue or stop teaching, he said, “We will see if the rules allow or not but I want to tell you that I have not only taught at St Anthony's College but since I went to St. Anthony's College I have also been involved in teaching at Anthony's College,” he said.
“The Chief Superintendent of Police of Assam should look into the complaint received on July 30, 2023 and impose legal penalties,” said the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court. Sanjib Banerjee, today.
He said the BJP government has planned to destroy the Dorbar Shnongs and as a party we should fight against this.
He said that the expenditure of money is more than the income of money, but when you look at the expenditure of money it is only for medicines, not for increasing economic growth. part of the future.
“It is true that the employees of 108 have met me and expressed their concern about their future if they are taken over by a new company but I have promised them that the Government will guide and protect them accordingly. “They will be able to serve the people of the state better,” she said.
According to the explanation, through the Roster System, the Khasi-Jaintia, Garo and the Unreserved Category will get their share.
The registration will start from 27th of this month to 17th of July 2023, while the online examination will start from 13th of March
Until the end, nothing else could be done, which led to the draw between the two teams.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has demanded that the State Government should immediately remove the illegal residents from the Maxwelton Estate which covers about 9 acres of land and falls within the boundary of the Dorbar Shnong of Kenches Trance Oxford. , Rilbong.
However, what has shocked the party and led it to oppose, is after it found that the group, has also requested the young men and women to bring only the Women's underwear and women's bikini's to the festival.
So Jesus said to them, “Behold my hands and my feet, that it is I myself: handle me, and see; believe confidently.
He also expressed his satisfaction that since the KSU has taken responsibility to improve and maintain these trees, the villagers have started to understand and there is no more garbage or destruction of the tree bridge.
Nongspung AYSCSA has reached the semi final of the First Division Football Tournament 2013 after beating Kyrphei SC 5-1 in the first leg of the 2013 FIFA World Cup. The match was held on Tuesday at the Tyrsad Stadium.
The city of Shijaiya, one of the largest cities in Gaza, has suffered heavy shelling this morning as Israel continues to seek to crush Hamas militants. Thousands of residents, to flee their homes and dozens of injured, lying on the road and left alone, when ambulances, could no longer help.
Although it was a home match which encouraged the players of Lajong, the match ended in a 1-1 draw.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has said that the bite, scratch or scratching of rabies marks on the skin of rabid dogs can cause rabies in humans and affect the brain and the spleen and which also puts it at risk of death.
They were handed over to PS Ranikor.
“MDA II, if you want to see the country and the nation and the state be at peace, work properly and fulfill their duties properly.
Only Constitution and legal experts can explain these legal terms, because they have a very special meaning, which cannot be used in the end. activity.
On the other hand, the two groups have requested the state governments to immediately resolve and take action in this regard. He said that some of the drivers from Meghalaya have been attacked in Assam and their vehicles have been destroyed.
Bah Sharaid also expected that in 2023, if anything, the Chief Minister of the state should be from our Jaitbynriew. The United Democratic Party (UDP) is the party.
These insects are known as cicadas and will destroy New York and Georgia.
PFR Football Academy beat Meghalaya Santosh Trophy Team by the tie breaker.
He said that politicians do not do only for their own benefit as the people think but they do good for the good of all the people.
According to the fee approved by the Commission, the first polling officer at each polling station should receive T.250 per day, the second and third polling officers should receive T.175 per day. The Fourth Polling Officer shall receive T.100 per day.
“We demand that Bishnu Sangma should be removed from the post of headmaster of both the schools for these illegal activities,” said the Secretary of Nongspung Hima.
The words used cannot be published.
Other members include Deputy Inspector General of Police (Eastern Range), Shillong, Superintendent of Police (CID) Shillong, Superintendent of Police East Khasi Hills, East Jaintia In-charge of CELL-X (NDPS), CID Meghalaya.
The attack by the Naga community on the demand for NOC through the intimidation of the residents in the Killing area, which is the border area and the NOC is only because some Rangbah Shnongs have received it. The owner of the land, Kaikha Saprina, has already handed over the land to the village and the village has made it clear that the land has been handed over to the village. it belongs to the raid and is not allowed to be sold to anyone, except the Khasi and Goro indigenous people.
Regarding food and drink, the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) has arranged to provide food and drink to the households while water and river water will be provided by the Dorbar Shnongs.
Even today, He continues to invite all who are thirsty and thirsty to come to Him and who believe in Him as “the WATER OF LIFE” that gives eternal life (John 4:1-26; 7: 37–39).
Furthermore, it was in October 2022 that the first report came out that these players were involved in drug trafficking after testing them and according to the samples collected- Senior officials of the Anti-Doping Agency of Kazakhstan.
This was announced by the General Secretary of the Wahingdoh Youth Association, Shillong.
In this regard, the Dorbar Shnong would like to thank the MLA of the area, Bah David A Nongrum who has provided vehicles to transport the garbage from the village on this cleanliness day.
Mizoram manager Hmingsanga said he respects Punjab but will fight to win tomorrow.
Shillong, July 9: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday confirmed that the state government will examine the appointment of the son of Bah Denis Nongsiej, who was shot dead by the Assam police in Langpih. on January 14, 2010.
they have no foundation, but they trust in the master.
The Central Puja Committee has demanded that the law enforcement authorities should take strong action against those involved in the destruction of the site and punish them according to the law.
Jowai, June 21: Dr.H Carehome Pakynteiñ, one of the prominent Khasi herbalists from Jowai, has been invited to attend the Global Ayush Investment & Innovation Summit 2022 held in Jowai. Gandhinagar of Gujarat which started on the 20th and ended tomorrow the 22nd of June,
On health-related concerns, Sangma said it is part of various activities that can lead to health-related conditions, and this is true for all the world and therefore needs supply.
In another match, Irena Camella Begu beat Lludmila Samsonova 6-4, 6-4 in a semi-final against Mayar Sherif of Egypt and Elsie Mertens of Belgium. 6-4, 0-6, 6-4.
According to the Prime Minister, the army used to buy kyiad from Narangi in Assam but the Excise Department did not charge any price from them and decided that 40 percent should be reduced in the tax to increase the revenue to Narangi. 1-1.5 crore per annum.
“Therefore, the investigation is more difficult in these cases and the conviction is less,” he said.
It was this delay that paved the way for Captain Harry Inglis to arrest Rev. Thomas Jones as he was still in full power.
Most of these roads within the villages are constructed by contractors who are close to the MLA and are also from the village.
· The inclusion of the provisions of Part IXA of the Companies Act, 1956 under the Companies Act,
This experience made my soul very happy.
Former Mawlai MLA PT Sawkmie on November 23, 2013, congratulated the three karate players from Mawlai Nongpdeng who have been selected to represent the state in the Kaninjuku National Karate Championship The event will be held at Khandala Maharashtra from 29th to 31st of this month.
The Central Government has called a meeting with all political parties on 17th November.
When asked how he spends his time in prison, Champion said that inside the prison he has his own library and there are many books on their subjects. There were prison staff, friends, police officers and relatives.
It was witnessed that before the party entered the police station, they shouted the slogan “Tur Shaphrang Shipai ka ri” along with the slogan “We will fight against drugs”. , that if you file a case, you will not be punished.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest, Samla Raymond Kharjana, Educational Secretary of the KSU Sengkmie, in his speech, said that they are deeply saddened by the fact that the authorities do not have the knowledge or the knowledge to serve the people and has caused many problems especially in relation to the students.
The support staff consists of Goutam Shome (head coach), Moisten Ch Marak (assistant coach), Vikash Singh Chauhan (trainer), Surojit Biswas (physio), Dhruba Jyoti A Sangma (manager).
Then the structure is sufficient to improve society and build humanity.
According to her, the central government schemes will go to all the states whether they have special status or not without any discrimination.
According to BJP General Secretary Ram Madhav, the BJP has no problem in forming alliances with parties that have the same goal for the upcoming MLA elections in the state.
The Minister in charge of Revenue and Disaster Management, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, said that there are 2426 people including private individuals and groups who have received government land or revenue land.
“Next come many people we cannot describe, half going inside and half standing outside.
We don't have the dulir.
Speaking to media, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said, “Both parties have agreed on the principles to ensure that the RDA will survive and work for the good of the party. .
However, at the same time, those who come to claim or apply after six months, can no longer be accepted and will be rejected completely.
OrionHealth Foods Pvt.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has issued a statement on its Facebook page, expressing its strong opposition to the government's plan to allow the North East Frontier Railways. NFR) to start the construction of the railway line at Byrnihat.
His advice is to protect the students while walking along the road from falling inside.
The death of the people, it was reported, was due to the fact that they could no longer breathe, immediately after the shooting.
The incident happened on 13th October at Mawshynrut Police Station.
This soap contains Aloe and Vitamin E, and it really makes the skin soft.
General (Retd) VK Singh – Minister of State in the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways5.
For shops ;-7) All shopkeepers are directed to follow the following rules :-a) All shops shall not allow customers to enter the shop at the same time more than 2 people.
The Magistrate has issued a containment order to prevent the spread of the disease in these two villages.
Shillong, October 7: The District Medical and Health Officer, Shillong, Shillong will conduct a polio vaccination program on the 10th October, 2014 from 9 am to 4 pm at the appointed places. to be followed up by a household search on the 11th and 12th October,
“The protection of the environment is essential to pass on to future generations a safe and sustainable environment,” she said.
It was on this day in 1948 that the General Assembly of the United Nations adopted the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. Declaration of Human Rights).
In fact, the UALA has already sent a letter to the media in recent days, saying that it wants to talk peace with the government and has invited all the members of the party to hold a meeting to discuss. to this work.
The body was taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for post mortem.
Shillong, March 25: Dr. PW Khongjee, former MLA of Sohra, Shillong, today held a meeting at Maraikaphon Square, Sohra at 12 noon.
“If you enter Afghanistan illegally, you will be shot, if you enter China illegally, you will be imprisoned, but in India, those who enter illegally get ration cards. vote, driving license and other government schemes,” said Bah Paul Lyngdoh while speaking on the issue raised by Nongthymmai MLA Dr Jemino Mawthoh to prevent foreigners from entering the list. vote in the Legislative Assembly today.
During the protest, the taxi drivers and the police have used force against each other, as the taxi drivers have parked their vehicles in the middle of the road, as part of the protest to force the authorities. that they should immediately repeal the order in relation to the Odd-Even number in these areas.
“In 2018 we won 19 seats and in 2023 we have increased to 26 seats.
It is alleged that the letters that arrive are not delivered, but are kept in the village shops and from the shops they inform those who should receive them because in the villages they know whose letter it is and the owners. shops are the same as those who should not receive them.
Nongstoiñ, November 21: U Bah Morningstar Tympuin, who is also the candidate of the United Democratic Party (UDP) for the mid-term elections to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) from Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, has been elected. They have registered their names today before the Returning Officer in Nongstoin.
“We will see how it happens after the 2023 elections," he said.
In this large lake there are several boats which people can row themselves or sit while others are skilled.
Thomas has also been selected for the West Indies cricket squad for next month's ODIs against the UAE. The CWI (Cricket West Indies) has not had any objection to the decision, but has stood firm in the fight against corruption in sports. Cricket and has also given its full support to the ICC ACU in its struggle to stand firm against illegal immigrants in the sports industry.
The Working President of the RBSU, Samla Amberlight Masharing, said that the RBSU has taken this decision to hold this sports tournament with the aim of the RBSU to promote talented children. The union has decided to hold this sports tournament for school children for 3 days from 4th to 6th June, 2022 at Madan. Scarecrow, Fearful.
It is learned that for the first time, on June 6, these nine persons went to the residence of female students at Norombi PG Girls Hostel, at 7.45 pm, without informing the authorities.
The incident happened on the morning of the 24th at 12 noon, when the robbers managed to steal the truck from the Petrol Pump, near the Petrol Pump. National Highway in Pahamrioh.
For the sake of safe and sustainable water supply, the community and Gram Panchayats have come forward to take responsibility for the management of water supply in the villages, the maintenance of water wells and the management of water supply. you're garbage.
In this film there is a story about a family in a village, which is facing many problems in all aspects just because of the presence of a member of the family who is addicted to alcohol. , so that until that time, the household cannot rise again in society.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, James K Sangma said, “We have decided to include women in the VEC under MGNREGA.” to have no difference of opinion.
It is understood that this is the future of the BJP's plans to win the elections in 2024 when MPs will have to be elected to Parliament.
H.Pala, MP of the Rajya Sabha and senior leader of the Congress party in the state, today came to file his nomination for the post of Returning Officer at the office of the Deputy Commissioner. He will contest the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly election from the 5-Sutnga Saipung constituency from the Congress party.
Shillong: The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills, has decided to close down the first floor of Shanta Uriah's house in Shillong due to the presence of new cases of covid-1 Streamlet Road, Laban, the house of Bah B.Nongrum in Motinagar, the house of Ashish Dhar in Upper Jail Road (next to Gini's Complex), the ground floor of Swapan Deb and Ruma Deb in Upper Jail Road ( near Puja Mandap) and it has been working since yesterday.
Ko Bah Kong / Kong Bah, know that for us the children of 7 Trep 7 Wasa, religion, customs and traditions go together and cannot be separated.
The KSU, FKJGP, RBYF, CSWO, AJYWO, HNYF, JSU and GSU among others took this decision after the talks with Mukul Sangma failed.
“In fact, I have been approached by all the political parties after the resolution came out yesterday and they feel it would be better if we meet together.
U Bah Adelbert has criticized the Chief Minister and the government he leads for not taking action to improve the border. authorities and foreigners to this state because their intention is only for their own political gain.
Such incidents put students at great risk.
“The government will issue a notice to release the MUDA rules after receiving a letter from the district councils,” he said.
I will build houses on the other side of the house to get a month to feed my mother and father.
HSschool boys, Now.
Shillong, Nailar 23: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the government will not change the MoU signed between the Chief Minister and the Minister of State for Home Affairs. Chief Minister of Assam regarding the demarcation of the border.
Speaking to reporters, Agnes Kharshiing said that on the 17th of this month, some people informed Amita Sangma about the presence of two trucks carrying coal. EC 0796 and AS 01 GC 5019 parked at Wahsait, Laitkor and the truck was identified as carrying coal after the spill of acid water from these trucks. area.
The two organizations, the AHPUF and the KJNU, today submitted a petition to the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah Garod LSN Dykes. (IAS) to tell him that the markets have now opened about 50 percent and demanded the reopening of churches.
Regarding the cleaning of the artificial turf for the First Ground of the Shillong Sports Association, he said that the office work is not a job that can be done right now. you have to go exactly to get the money or sanction.
The AITC has already announced that it will contest the MP election from Shillong even if the party has only one MLA from Rilum Khasi Jaintia.
The training was sponsored by the office of the District Social Welfare Department, Jowai and will be conducted by Kelvin Suting, State Award Winning Master Craftman who himself is blind. .
On the road to Damascus, this same Saul met and struggled with the angel of God.
“This can be witnessed in the finding of Chief Justice Mr. Sanjeev Banerjee, who has ordered a complete ban on the transportation of coal, after finding smuggling of coal against the decisions and orders issued by the NGT and Supreme Court have now found out the working methods and intention of the MDA government to enrich the rich and impoverish the poor by issuing SOPs, which are against the provisions of the MMDR Act and The Mineral Concession Rule should put the coal mining in the hands of those high levels,” he added.
The deadline for submission of essays is August 31,
The letter said that meetings have been held in different parts of Garo Hills like Jadi, Nongal and Chalang to recruit youth to join the party.
For example, the use of electric vehicles such as taxis has benefits for vehicle owners in terms of cost.
He also invited them to participate in the Yoga Day.
Levastar Phawa scored 21 runs (2×4 and 2×6), Daowan Passah scored 20 runs (3×4 and 1×6). Rainbow Phawa took 3 wickets in 3 overs.
The students also expressed their anger against the Minister in charge of Education, Dr. RC Laloo.
“This Hima is adjacent to the Bhowal Hima, it is a Hima rich in natural resources and all the ECs in KHADC want to fight against this Hima but it was resolved during the ARPA,” he said. They added that they were expecting their MDC to be like a father to look after the welfare of the Hima but he has become a destroyer of the Khadar rule in the Hima.
Investigation by the party has also found that besides these four foreigners, there are other foreigners working in the house of the MDC, who were not present on that day because they were not present on that day. They were on their way back to their village, and when they sent to show their documents, these foreigners could not show them and they gave reasons to the members of the party.
The explanations should be further elaborated by experts in the field and should be confirmed by the authorities in charge in this regard.
In the afternoon, before the service, there was a march with the participation of the members of the Unitarian Church through Chutwakhu, Panaliar, Dulong, Tpep-Pale, Iawmusiang and ended at the Unitarian Church Jowai.
In 1978, there was an attempt to unite the APHLC, HSPDP and PDIC by Sohblei Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh and H Preacheringson Shylla in front of billions of people. national party government.
The month-long program will have activities across the country to raise awareness through programs that focus on key topics on Breastfeeding and Other Foods.
Mawkyrwat: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) led by the Hynniewtrep National Council (HANC) together with the Village Authorities of Mariam, Umdohlun, Wahkaji, Phlangdiloin and Warsan Lyngdoh areas today held a meeting to discuss the issue. On the 25th, they held a public meeting at Umdohlun Market to support and inform the public on the two lane road from Nongstoin to Ranikor.
The Riangdo-Akhiabari road is the road connecting Guwahati city which is only 124 kilometers away.
Earlier, a speech was delivered by the MLA of the area, Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit who expressed his pride that the students of this school can compete with other students and other areas.
He entered St. Edmund's College to complete his Intermediate Arts and passed in 1962 during the tenure of Principal Br.
He expressed his gratitude for the election of the people and hoped that this time they will give him their trust again, and elect him who has been with the party which has already led the Government.
Referring to the Group-A match in Shillong, the organizers have changed the schedule and will play between Seng Samla Laitryngew vs Umkseh and Seng Samla Laitryngew vs Umkseh. Mawlai Sports Club vs Langsning Football Club has been postponed to Saturday.
Let us see what the Bible says – “And after the sixty-two weeks he that is anointed (Jesus) shall be cut off (no more) and shall have nothing; and the people of the king who shall come shall destroy the city and the sanctuary; and thy end shall be with destruction; the thmu is the destruction.
Meanwhile, West Jaintia Hills beat West Garo Hills 2-0 with the goals scored by Dawansalanmi Malang and Tiros Kyndait.
Speaking on the occasion, these elders, who opposed the conversion of the garbage dump in the area, said that the government instead of improving the road to the area and also to provide schools. , but the government has introduced this garbage dump, which means that all the garbage of the residents of Shillong, will be dumped in this area.
Only if it stays the same will they accept it.
It is to be recalled that the traffic jam on the National Highway at Narpuh has been going on for 10 days, due to the landslide and falling of stones near the tunnel at Sonapyrdi. everything stopped.
Acknowledging the need for order in freedom of expression and order in struggle, the recommendation said that the Commission has adopted a consistent approach since the last elections, by which expects that its opinion will lead to the participation of candidates and speakers.
As we have said, we all want cleanliness in the government.
AMSSASTA has questioned the Corpus Fund set up by the government to pay salaries at a time when the government has not yet received money from the central government, as the salary delay continues even today.
Shillong: The BJP in Meghalaya is still hesitant to get a joint candidate from the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) for the upcoming MP elections, as it will not happen like the mid-term elections in Ranikor. Speaking on the occasion, BJP leader and Minister of State, Bah AL Hek said, “The suggestion of UDP leader Dr Donkupar Roy to There is a joint candidate from the MDA in the upcoming MP elections, it is good, but what will happen is not known because as it appears in the mid-term MLA elections in Ranikor, many candidates have emerged. The MDA synrop party, even if we want to have only one candidate from the MDA”.
Therefore, I urge you, my dear friends, to take care of the environment that God has given me. Let's mine coal, mine according to our needs and let's eliminate the habit of mining water on the surface of the earth, we shouldn't be happy just to get money, lest we die later ,Surprised man, children of our country, it is time for me to enrich the nature, which God has given us, to keep clean the land, the life all around.
The Minister urged the farmers to take up this issue as it is one of the ways to increase the income of the family.
The villages in the area, which are still conducting this song, are Pdei, Khrang, Mawshuit, Mawmang, Puhbsein, Thangtim, Warbah, Sder, Mawtongreng, Mawtongreng, Coal. Langsteng, Pdang, Thangkyrta, Jarain, Mawbawein, Rymmai, Mawshken and Sohkynduh besides Kongthong.
It is true that the C&RD Block has been declared, but it has not been implemented properly.
Due to these programmes, it is expected that many people and vehicles will arrive from all over the districts, heavy vehicles have been banned from traveling to Sohra and Mawphlang and leaving as well.
The United Nations Organization (UNO) has called on the countries of the world to set up an International Criminal Court to try the Prime Minister and Myanmar's military chiefs have been arrested on charges of killing their people in Myanmar.
Referring to the facts according to history, the UDP leader said, “We were invaded because the French invaded India to Myanmar because the Burmese had to sign the Social Treaty of Yandaboo in in the year
Not only that, the union warns all the suppliers and sellers of rice in Ri Bhoi District and at the same time requests the buyers to be vigilant so that they will avoid being affected in the future. .
Jowai, July 20: Four civil society organizations in Ri Lum Jaintia, including the All Jaintia Youth Welfare Organization (AJYWO) and the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) have been arrested. The National Youth Front (HNYF)-East Jaintia Zone (FKJGP)-Khliehriat Circle today decided to call a curfew. Surok Miet on the 27th and 28th of this month, from 7 pm to 5 pm to express their protest against the Meghalaya government for not listening to their demand for repairs. The National Highway 44, which is now badly damaged from Mookyndur to Malidor, has affected the traffic.
The Kur Pde has planted about 130 tree seedlings including Champa, Puma and Sohphan trees.
In Boro Ryngku, Sonali Banai, 7, lost her life and in Betgora (A), A Nathan Dejel Sangma, 12, died after an earthquake struck his house. their.
To commemorate the visit of the Minister, the Constitution of LSYA, Jowai was also released as well as a Music Video on the theme, “Yutran warim wa sein nachwa, improve",.
It can also be said that many of the youth get lost in the middle of the journey to reach the goal because there are no one to guide them and show them the path they are walking.
There have been allegations that Sangma has increasingly strengthened his position on the CAB, but on this, he said, “Earlier we didn't see what the law is and we are in darkness and we don't have way, except, from opposing it.
SCA (B) took the lead and scored 58 runs for the loss of eight wickets in 20 overs.
“During this Durga Puja, they should not buy food made from China, they should buy goods from India like sharak and others,” said Assam Minister Himanta. First.
According to Kong Ampareen, only the importer of the contractors and the contractor registered and submitted their names and the names of their contractors.
This election festival, which lasts only for a short time, is like magic to mislead the minds of the people.
In the debate competition on the theme 'Environment is the loss of life and destruction', the winner was Bankitbok Thabah, Ïairikmen Nongrum in second place and Ibalapynsuk and James Steven in the third grade.
...... Your answer is your hidden agenda.
He added that the victory of the four candidates is also the victory of four areas, “the victory of the power of money, the distribution of alcohol, the parties during the second election, the recognition of the party as the The fourth victory of the State Party from the Election Commission of India is that the VPP will take over the place of the Riewlum parties. “All the Riewlum parties in the state are only parties during elections and they don't have a strong foundation,” said Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit.
“I’m never afraid.
Therefore, they appealed to the people not to be afraid but to give their right hand and left hand to work together to bring about a clean environment in this river.
Other speakers said that Bah Prestone should not go too far to other constituencies because when he turns to Pynursla, he can be seen by others.
The mother prayed for tea.
Therefore, when we choose a leader, we must think carefully and ask carefully and not just choose the one who finds or the one who is quick to give the truth because being a leader is not an easy task.
"I don't know why you didn't tell me about that..." Kmie ka Rida said. "Bah, I don't think you've thought of telling me that.
The Rangbah Shnong said that the electricity supply is also in short supply in the village, the reason is that the electricity signs enter from the forest from Darang to Bakur-Dawki road. Electricity signs have been installed on the road so that the electricity supply will be sufficient in this village.
The Meghalaya United Alliance (MUA) Government led by the Congress Party and Dr. Mukul Sangma as the Chief Minister are still seeing the development works of the State. The signs show the extensive work of this Government to introduce two lane and four lane roads, the implementation of various policies, the announcement of various Missions to help the development of farmers and farmers in the state and other development projects which make even the Central Government to be vigilant from day to day.
This is the peaceful procession of Muslims called Eid Milad Un Nabi to commemorate the birth anniversary of Prophet Hazrat Mohammed.
As soon as he saw the notice, Bhalang prepared his book to pass.
Many armed groups in the region have used Meghalaya as their gateway to Bangladesh and through them they have been able to induce the youth of the state to form armed groups.
Although Khliehmawlieh lost 1-0 to Mawlai in the first leg (Tura), the Super Division team from West Khasi Hills has come back strongly.
The newly appointed members include Bah JG Rynniaw, Bah Nondi Diengngan, Bah Starvid Kharbani and Bah Mario Nongkseh along with their followers.
Shillong: Five employees of St Xavier Girls Hostel have been assaulted and one person has lost his life in Umoid village, South West Khasi Hills District.
In the first half, the 6th Battalion Police took the lead by scoring five goals and ended the first half 5-0
He said that recently the Goalpara District Coal Exporters and Truck Owners Association (GDCETOA) has complained that many coal trucks without documents or challans have been illegally collecting money at all the gates. standing under the NH
Of the 4,205 deaths, Maharashtra (793) and Karnataka (480) have the highest number of deaths so far.
They also reported that in other villages where NESFAS works, the main reason for the rapid spread of the disease is due to negligence.
Nongrim Hills opened the scoring through D Chyne in the 14th minute and Nongkrem turned the tide through W Kharpran in the 41st minute to equalize in the first half.
The union has sent a letter to the government through the District Medical Health Officer (DMHO) West Khasi Hills District.
The draw was held under the supervision of Bah Wanshanbor Kharkrang, MSL Tournament Director and the representatives of these four clubs.
NEHUSU and KSU NEHU Unit have lodged their complaints with the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof.PS Shukla demanding immediate action against this incident which has shocked the students. women within this university.
He gave an example that according to the reports in the media, the Cafe of Bah P.Aawphniaw and the Guest House and Restaurant of Kong B.Khongwar have been issued notices by the Meghalaya High Court. -legal and unrecognized.
I have been one of those who have been tortured and imprisoned for the sake of protecting and fighting for the rights of the people inside the land of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum,” he said.
When asked about the allegation of improper implementation of schemes from the central government, she said, “Modi monitors all the states on the implementation of schemes from the central government. why he always said I wouldn't eat and I wouldn't be eaten".
According to a letter sent by the National Secretary to the State Incharge (ORG) of Meghalaya, the appointment of Rikman Momin will take effect immediately.
The Church has a plan to set the education level up to Class XII to enable older children to continue their education up to Class XII. The compassion agency will bear the cost of sending them abroad according to their skills in the field of doctor, engineer. and others.
This is also the case with the PMGSY scheme...the State is at the bottom and the State has been ballcklisted but we have changed this and now the State is one of the States that can implement it well. the PMGSY in the country"
He also spoke on the new construction of Iawmusiang and said that the government has sought ways and means to move forward with the construction of Iawmusiang.
Secondly, he was the first Chief Minister to visit Maweit.
Therefore, through these allegations raised by Marki Mulieh MDC of the opposition, the JYF has decided to file a petition for information under the RTI Act. “If we don't get the information from the office, we still have other information,” said the JYF leader. to tied the door of the court in the form of a PIL by bringing the evidence we have collected through the media, photographs and documents we have received. Jowai, 24 Jymmang: A night supper bus has collided with a bus in Synrang this morning, killing one person. Shen and Bung were seriously injured.
Short speeches were also delivered by the Sordar of Mawkdok and Bah Langstieh Director of Soil and Water Conservation who explained that through the arrival of tourists it has increased the income of the people of the area. but to have the skills to deal with foreigners who come to visit this area.
This political party is known as “Pro-Hindi and Anti-English.
We also expressed our desire to talk to the top leaders and not just the Vice Chairman.
However, he said the percentage of voters in Shillong Parliamentary Constituency is higher but in Tura it is lower.
Let the investigators investigate into this incident to find out the truth,” said Ernest Mawrie, President of the BJP Meghalaya.
Regarding the incident, Bah Charles Marngar, MDC Mawhati, immediately rushed to the house, to help with the needs of the house, after they lost their house. all the property from the tragedy.
He said that the robbers have also been videotaped through CCTV cameras and the same footage has been handed over to the police and now it is up to the police to conduct an investigation.
The bodies of 39 people who died in the train collision in Balasore have been taken to AIIMS in Bhubaneswar so that the remains can be handed over to them. their families without delay after they were identified or acknowledged, officials said Tuesday.
He said that the Council has also decided to set up a Tradition Music Institute, which will provide training to the youth in traditional music, singing and dancing.
The Vice Chancellor also requested the MCTA to cooperate with the University for the implementation of the NEP
In addition, unemployment, loss of income, poverty and hunger have a devastating impact on mental health and breed mental illnesses.
At first, they said she came for the Personal Class and later she was included in the Kid's Tarari and she was able to participate all over the world.
NESO is the umbrella of civil society organizations from across the North East including the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), All Assam Students' Union (AASU), Mizo Zirlai Paul (MZP), Twipra Students. The Federation (TSF), All Manipur Students' Union (AMSU), Garo Students' Union (GSU), All Arunachal Pradesh Students' Union (AAPSU) and the Naga Students' Federation (NSF) have said that today the 11th November 2019 is a day to be remembered as a “Black Day” for the entire North East.
On the other hand, the BSF said that after receiving a tip, they immediately conducted a search operation and seized an Alto vehicle which was trying to leave for the border areas. grams of heroin and 2,469 yaba tablets were seized and two persons were arrested.
Nongpoh: Two houses in Ri Bhoi District, one in Puridua and one in Niangbarithem village, have been severely damaged by the storm which struck suddenly this evening. in many parts of the District.
They said that if the drivers can earn more than the target, the rest will go to the drivers themselves.
Indications are that parties and candidates in the 2023 elections will use technology and social media extensively for their election campaign.
At the same time, the Dorbar Shnong has directed those owners of houses who have rented houses to come and register the names of the renters, whether they are renters or shopkeepers so that the village can know. This rule is also in accordance with the directive of the JHADC which has directed “To record in the register the households and the names of The Dorbar Shnong Mynkre, in a statement sent by the Waheh Shnong, said that the Dorbar Shnong of Mynkre, through a statement sent by the Waheh Shnong, Bah Sunny Bareh and the Secretary of the village, Bah Ferlando Lamin, will fight hard to curb crime in the village by eliminating all the illegal liquor shops in the village. To be vigilant in the fight against the influx of drugs and drug users, marijuana users into the village.
Speaking to the leaders of the two organizations, Dhan Rani Das, Head of the Mall, promised to take action on the demands of the two organizations and to talk to the authorities of the Mall. on these mats.
He said that until now, the plan to distribute the rice has been stalled because the C&RD department has not been able to submit the income census.
From now on, the interest rate on all loans linked to the MCLR will be reduced by 5 bps from 10th June,
Shillong, Nailar 30: The income of the shopkeepers near the Robert Hospital, Shillong has also decreased due to the sudden decline in income especially in Lum Jaintia due to the coal ban.
The meeting between the teachers and school leaders will be held on the 14th June at 3 pm, and the inspection of the players will be held on the 17th June at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
Speaking to reporters and along with the crowd, he said, “I am a disabled person, I shouldn't have come here but it is because I see far and I am afraid that our nation will disappear. I support Santa Mary Shylla, so I request Santa to please forgive the children of the constituency, who have given those shynpriah kti, the parents have spent for the children in studies.
These include 23 cases in East Khasi Hills, 4 cases in Ribhoi District, 3 cases in South West Khasi Hills and one case in West Jaintia Hills.
They had to spend time going to tuition and didn't have to work hard.
Isn't it true that parents teach us to be happy after going to school?
Some of the village leaders also informed that the government encourages to take up other development works in the villages by being ready to issue Work Orders and how the villages will implement if the government cannot release. The money will be received at the right time, said the Shnong Leaders.
Therefore, the discussion on this issue is meaningless, because whoever is an MLA, will want the scheme and whoever wins the election, will demand the abolition of the scheme and whoever wins, if Even if he gets T.2.5 crore, he will not be satisfied, but he will demand more to improve the scheme and we will see that in the coming years, it will reach 10 crore per person. The MLA and this will be a vote buying scheme and this is therefore a teaching, which has stirred up the politics and which has also taught the people, to steal money, because they know that this billion , you don't have to be an MLA. (From the flu, Corona Virus or COVID-19).
I feel this is right to say, because when we turn to the villages outside this State, we will find that there is a complete difference in the way of thinking of the electorate. Plastic blankets, cleaning clothes, raincoats, raincoats and even khiew ja, this is not the room we have chosen for 5 years.
The fight in Arunachal Pradesh will be an important one before he prepares to compete with other foreign stars in the International Fight to be held this month in Delhi. This is his sixth time. He has won twice in the Marine Pro Boxing Promotion in 2022 in Mumbai and Gujarat this year, while he has won three times in the Professional Boxing Promotion in the year 2022 and 2023 in Manipur.
The BJP leader said that cows also have blood vessels that distribute blood to their bodies and it is these vessels that help to produce milk with the help of the sun. .
This will bring those aged 3-6 years under the school curriculum as it is recognized worldwide that this is a critical period for early childhood education.
There are also languages ​​which cannot be understood how they came into existence or which do not exist and which are not related to any ancient meaning because there is no snap from any other language of any people. and marjan is marjngai.
Police sources said the victim was brought by his relatives on July
While 30,000 MT of dai has been distributed so far, this work will be accelerated from the first month of January.
The accident happened at 9:30 pm before reaching Raliang village. The driver of the truck (ML 04 5056) has lost control of the steering wheel. The truck went off the road in a narrow area on the road and planted a tree in a 40-60 meter high tree.
On the other hand, the youths have expressed that they have had the spirit to protect the environment since ancient times and today they have shown it.
To correct the error and to amend the rules of the election of the Syiem, the letter of confirmation shall be confirmed and approved by the Governor within 15 days.
The Rangbah Shnong of Phanniewlah Rum, Bah Justin Kharbteng, elders, women, youths and relatives were present at the handover ceremony.
Therefore, all the residents of the village are urged to come out of their homes as well as those owners of houses or land owners who live outside the village to take part in this cleanliness drive so that the purpose of the and the holy city shall prevail.
One person was seriously injured when police opened fire on him and 45 others were reportedly arrested.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai, Bah Garod LNS Dykes today met with him at his office to inform him about the power outage in Padubah village for almost 2 months. something.
Shillong, Lber 13 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Cornad K Sangma today met with the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi in Delhi. Continue to support Meghalaya in its development.
At the same time, she also talked about AIDS and HIV, explaining how the disease is transmitted from one person to another.
“If the Prime Minister cannot bring light to his own constituency, how can he bring development to the state?” he asked.
He said the Congress party condemns this act and will oppose this bill of the Government of India, and urged the people of India to vote for a party that allows freedom of worship. to protect the Constitution and to uphold the rule of law.
“We have decided to leave it to the discretion of the AICC to choose whom it wants to give tickets from among all the applicants,” said a party statement after the meeting.
I (L) Mihsalan Suchiang I am a person who doesn't talk too much but the words he speaks are very clear and thoughtful.
The minimum qualification for those who wish to apply for Cl VI-VIII should be B.A/ B.Sc with at least 45% for ST/SC and 50% for General Candidates. 2- year Diploma in Elementary Education in accordance with NCTE (recognition norms and procedure), regulation 2002.
However, this will not be the case, but it is necessary for believers to understand that the churches they have are really only schools to teach them how to grow spiritually in order to strengthen their relationships. personally with God.
However, the Government will have to look into this so that it does not send thieves to arrest the thieves,” he added.
There is no information on the construction of the Assam Police Station.
This is divided into 40/40/5/1
The Joint Director of the Board said that according to the changing times, it is necessary to change the textbooks so that the children can adapt and learn according to the changes but it does not mean that the old ones have been left behind. earlier.
On the other hand, the owner, Bah Kordor, said that they are now ready to complete the construction of the road which they have scheduled to start next year.
Dr. Kevichusa urged the hospitals to take measures related to health care through the path of love.
For the young players who have come forward to take part in the tournament, Kamal said that the most important part for them in this journey is to exercise well.
Jowai, Jymmang 18: As part of the prevention of fraud on the polling day, the Deputy Commissioner and Returning Officer, Jowai District Council, Jowai has requested the voters to bring their EPIC to the polling station. Polling Station on the day of polling in order for the Presiding Officer or any Polling Officer to identify those who are eligible to vote, voters may produce Passport, Driving Licence, PAN Card, Service Identity Card , Passbook or Post Office, Student Identity Card, Freedom Fighter Identity Card, Pension Payment Order, Certificate issued by the Government, Arms License or Job Card issued by NREGS. to have a picture and still work.
The MLA of Mowkaiaw, Local MLA, Nujor Sungoh, was the chief guest and urged the people of the Elaka to be united in any good deeds. He also urged the students of the area to work hard in their studies not only to pass marks in the examinations but also to be able to compete with others especially in you por look you look jam.
In fact, the tournament was supposed to be held last year, but due to lack of venue, it had to be cancelled.
The child had left home to call her family to go to school, but on the way, suddenly the robbers came in a Maruti Van rong iong and dragged her into the car. The robbers were able to grab only from the book, she managed to take away the book and escaped herself.
It is to be recalled that the Shangpung Primary Health Center (PCH) has been upgraded from Shangpung Primary Health Center to Community Health Center (CHC) by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James PK Sangma. 6 April 2021.
This policy should be changed immediately to see the fruits of change in the provision of justice to the citizens.
EMs and MDCs of KHADC also attended the meeting.
Shillong, June 24: U Minister of State for Development of North Eastern Region (DoNER) Dr Jitendra Singh on Saturday denied the allegation by the Congress government in the state that the NDA-led central government has not been formed. the BJP doesn't give money.
In the women's category, New Zealand's Zoe Hobbs, who is still improving, finished 10th.
The paramount power of the British Government over the Khasi Hills has ended on 15.08.1947 (Independence Day), in accordance with Section-7 of the Indian Independence Act, the passage of the British Parliament.
Nongpoh, November 28: The RBYF Nongpoh Circle, led by its Adviser, Bah J.Syngkli, in the presence of Bah Y.Nongrum, President, Nongpoh Circle, members of the Nongpoh Circle, members and office bearers of the RBYF. Sports Club from Pahambir, Ri Bhoi District today visited the Raid Nonglyngdoh Stadium.
“When we go to any festival or anything else, we don't look only at the outside but at the essence inside and their secrets, and the essence itself is close to the way of thinking. of the ancestors," said Sweetymon.
While they were cleaning the heater together, Hiram said to his mother, “Mom, I don't want to hide anything from you and I told you and in front of my father that I have a friend now.” “How glad I am that you have changed your mind and told us,” said the mother and looked at her father who was still talking as if he was thinking something.
Therefore, by doing so, there shall be no confusion or dispute, or the sale or purchase of the same land or forest twice.
New Delhi, June 1: Union Minister Giriraj Singh has criticized Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi for portraying him as a Malaysian citizen, who has disappeared without any knowledge. “All the Bills in the Budget Session have been passed but Rahul Gandhi has not been seen in the Parliament. It's like that Malaysian plane that disappeared without anyone knowing,” said Griraj.
The President of East Khasi Hills, Titos W Chyne, said that the UDP will contest in all these constituencies. The two constituencies where the arrangement is still pending are Nongkrem and Sohryngkham.
Kejriwal also announced that more than 50 people have been banned from gathering in public places and perhaps through this law, those who gathered in Shaheen Bagh, who have continued their protest for more than 90 days, will be banned.
Justice HS Thangkhiew Judge of the High Court of Meghalaya was the chief guest in the presence of President of Seinraij Jowai O. Hercules Toi, Dolloi of Jowai District, Puramon Kynjing and thousands of children. the clothes of the beit are clean.
The NHRC in a statement said the Commission has accepted that the incident was caused by the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya, which has been pending for years.
A person who is born again dies only once, he who is not born again must die twice.
He said that the bridge will be completed within a day and will be built separately to carry up to 50 MT to 60 MT vehicles.
Suryakumar Yadav, the best cricketer of the Indian cricket team, has continued to hold his position at No. 1 in the world even in the new T20Is rankings. The International Cricket Council (ICC) has released the tournament.
Prizes were also awarded to the students who participated in the drawing, painting, slogan writing and other competitions.
Another program was held at Chutwakhu Indoor Auditorium, Jowai.
In the discussion between these auto drivers and the parents, an agreement was reached and regarding the charging of high fares from the school children, it was said that it was done by the auto drivers. Those who are not members of the Association, whether those Auto Rickshaws operating from Byrnihat to Narbong and also those operating from Byrnihat to Umling.
It is worth mentioning that while Bah Albinus was speaking in the House, it was like a big spectacle in which he said that the promotion of Bah Mansturdy to the post of Speaker of the House, will honor and honor him. (Bah Man) because all the people of his constituency will come to congratulate him like the people of Umroi Constituency have congratulated him (Albinus) after he took over the post of EM, “When I was in Iew Bhoi Rymbong All the people came to congratulate me on becoming EM, I have a head like a cow's head,” said the EM of KHADC who will be in charge of the Department of Fishery and Water Resources. KHADC.The opposition has responded to these remarks of Bah Albinus and as soon as the dorbar opened, they have prepared a special letter to appeal against these remarks of the EM and the complaint of the opposition leader. U Bah Metbah Lyngdoh together with the MDCs of ARPA, handed over a letter to Bah Mansturdy, the newly appointed Speaker and demanded that he should take action to punish Bah Albinus. , as the opposition held that his speech was unconstitutional and unlawful according to the rules of procedure of the House.
Het Pohthmi, MDC, will be the chief guest on the occasion.
Another sohniamtra found in California (America) and elsewhere has a stem so strong that it is difficult to remove the stem.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District has expressed its deep sorrow over the decision of the Waheh Shnong of Thangskai, East Jaintia Hills District, to issue a certificate of permanent residence to a foreigner who is not a native of the country. Thangskai village.
Regarding the fine of 34 cokes, the ECC demands that the money should go to those affected areas and villages, not to Garo. Jaintia Hills District has been so neglected that if Conrad Sangma dares to say that Meghalaya has a clean environment, it means that East Jaintia Hills is no longer in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The state government has decided to dismiss Sub Inspector Narul Islam, who is accused of raping and raping two women in Ampati.
“He added that on social media his colleagues have announced this case, but he doesn't feel anything, because it has already been announced in the media.
He is in critical condition and we have tried our best to treat him,” said Dr John Sailo Ryntathiang, Director of Bethany Hospital.
In this regard, he said the Ukrainian authorities have not yet provided information on the damage and the number of victims.
When asked, Bah Khongsit said that the Seng urges the Government to create opportunities for the youth whether in government jobs or in setting up their own jobs.
Why do I say that! The reason is that when they are paid, they will elect many legislators from their own community or they will demand from the Government of India to abolish the Land Act in our state and to abolish it. the District Council.
These four organizations are HYC, HANM, JSM, ENJC and CORP. In fact, the District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District has imposed Section 144 CrPC since Tuesday night to prevent any any mass protests and mass gatherings in Shillong.
They urged the new leaders of the Union to be united and especially that these villages are on the border with Assam.
“As the party, we would like to thank various civil society organizations and private individuals for their full support to the party's struggle to suspend the implementation of the roster system until the amendment is completed. to the good work.
The residents of these seven villages have been surprised to learn why the BPL, AAY, APL ration, umphniang sharak, the authorities and the authorities have not received the ration. They can no longer distribute as they do every month.
A case was lodged at Rynjah Police Station and on Friday the three persons were arrested.
– Subsidized solar water heaters to provide hot water without relying on electricity and others.
