“Every Government department has a goal to provide services, and on my part as the Minister of Electricity, we have a goal to provide services including the shortage of electricity, the to reduce the aggregate technical and commercial (AT&C) loss of MeECL,” said Mondal.
Guwahati: Two more people have been confirmed with COVID-19 today, bringing the total number of cases to
Although the coal owners have already transported the coal that has been mined earlier, as the transportation and marketing period is being extended, the coal owners or coal owners have the opportunity to steal the coal for transportation. - shi- market to him, without the knowledge of the law.
He said that the union will not say anything until they have received a detailed explanation through the presentation.
“Today Kongthei is at home.
“The CEM has explained to us that the KHADC's takeover of Majai is to resolve the temporary issue and there is nothing to hold elections for Majai,” said Bah M Bynnud. Hima Sohra after meeting with the CEM today.
In the past years, the Dorbar Shnong Laitumkhrah has conducted a census of land owners within its boundary.
The elections are coming in about two months to cast the vote, and the government ministers, who are in power, have been busy every day with 30 kinds of programs and the people are happy because they have not received the vote. There are also those who are more shy, they pay a day's wages just to come to the meeting to show the number of people so that those who oppose will be afraid.
Therefore, the opposition parties had the opportunity to appeal to the Hon'ble Meghalaya High Court. After a while, the petition was rejected by one of the MDCs who had filed the petition; After the peace talks, the candidate who was running for the post of CEM also withdrew his petition.
The residents of Maikhuli, when they saw that these people from Assam had come to block the passage of vehicles on the road, they protested against the blockade of the road. the judgment is strong.
“The government will take a decision where to set up camps and how many camps are needed,” said Dr Mukul. ban challenge.
When they reached IGP Point, it was witnessed that the group of rally marchers had attacked the vehicles and scooties of foreigners until they had to flee for their lives.
Rejecting the claim, NEC Chief Executive Officer Conrad Sangma said, “If Meghalaya's inability to spend the allocation is not sufficient, we will not be able to spend the T. Crore to T.2,000 Crore now.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest congratulated the Rumshnong Youth Club Bataw for organizing such a football tournament which is a blessing to the youth who have talent in the field of football and which is part of the physical education which brings the youth to the betterment of the youth to avoid the bad habits of alcoholic beverages such as drugs, marijuana and so on.
“There are 15-16 people who have allegedly not received this scheme, but when we look at the list of Bah Samlin Malngiang, more than 8000 people have received this scheme. scheme, so I phoned the BDO and finally I learned that they are not supporters of Bah Samlin Malngiang”.
The soldiers appealed to the people to leave the area and allow the soldiers to search the area, but the people did not allow the soldiers to leave the area. They decided to hand over these forests to the public, including women, to avoid any serious problems in their search operation.
He received a Certificate of Appreciation for his participation in the exhibition on the manufacture of traditional musical instruments organized by the Government of Meghalaya in
Through this meeting, the KSU RIST-USTM Unit has also confirmed the new leaders of the KSU RIST-USTM Unit for the term 2023-2 Pynskhem Samit and Education Secretary Sengkmie were also present.
Jowai: A mother has been killed and her husband is suspected to have thrown her 7-year-old son into the river.
Over the years, Aditi has become more selective about the films she has acted in and no longer wants to act in the films she has already acted in in the past.
The HANM has vowed not to allow such illegal registration of names in the electoral roll of the state. HANM Assistant Secretary S Kharjana said in a statement.
Not only do they come to live temporarily but they come immediately and become residents of different villages and townships not only because they have the right to vote, Ration Card, Permanent Residential. Certificate, become Secretary and Rangbah Shnong but they have become villagers by marriage with the Khasi-Pnar and Garo, and this has become very widespread, especially among the Khar Muslims.
On this occasion, the HYC Sengkmie under the leadership of Sports Secretary CEC, Samla Franky Kharumnuid has honored these two children who received the Rnong medal.
The collapse was caused by the collapse of the soil and the rainfall for several hours.
The rally started from Don Bosco Square on Thursday 24th June 2019 and ended at the State Central Library.
“We will continue to implement this policy because we have to think about the future of the students,” said Prof. Shukla.
So far, the death toll from the incident in Ichamati has risen to three.
“Through your fortune to get this C&RD Block, take the opportunity to start fishing, because the lack of fishermen, makes the people in the state have to rely on At the same time, he urged the farmers to start farming without the use of pesticides, he said.
Anyone who threatens an election candidate or any other person will be imprisoned for one year.
Teachers who failed to pass the MTET examination and lost their jobs have taken to the streets since the first day of this month to demand that the government should re-employ them. .
The presence of good and wide roads helps to get from one place to another quickly.
The bridge was inaugurated by Ma Nujorki Sungoh MLA Mowkaiaw in the presence of Waheh Shnong Biwel Lapasam, PWD engineers including Ma D Tariang. Ma K Pakma, Assistant Executive Engineer, PWD Shangpung Division, BDO Laskein Barstar Niang and others.
However, if you involve the wicked in unclean deeds like drugs, the day will come when you will turn against those who involve them.
According to information received, the salary of MLAs is now about 2 lakh tyngka.
The newly confirmed office bearers include President, Deiniwan Lyngdoh, Vice President, General Secretary, Hamewanpynhun Ryngkhlem, Assistant General Secretary, Janki Ryngkhlem, Finance Secretary, Smatlang Siangshai, Environment Secretary, Samla Hamieh Dkhar, Organizing Secretary, Samla Nicholas Rymbai, Assistant Organizing Secretary, Samla Jomi Kyndait, Education Secretary, Samla Lucky Rymbai, Samla Phulmi Dkhar, Sport Secretary, Samla Phulmi Dkhar, Sport Secretary, Samla Senmon Siangshai, Publicity Secretary, Victoria Phawa and others.
The second time, the foundation stone of the construction site has fallen on the house and damaged the roof of the house. the tmun is not damaged.
There are those who know well, but with cunning tricks they try to abolish the District Council.
The Result Booklet is available from the official website of MBOSE www.mbose.
When inquiring from the residents of the area, it was learned that the incident started on Sunday, when the two men held a food competition. Puratha' at the shop in Amdubighat, but due to a misunderstanding, there was a fight and a group call and which reached the point of a mass gathering, in order to show power between them, that is, between The Lalung people are against these people who live in the Refugee Colony.
One of the NLCN leaders also posted a picture on Facebook recently of himself with an AK-47 Rifle.
There is a need for vigilance to stop this flood that is flowing into this country which is changing the understanding and thinking of the children by the parents' organizations and the elders to protect their country from the beginning. with the rympei.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 1: “Everyone who has spoken speaks in English, but for you to understand better and clearly I will speak in Khasi,” said Ma Ngaitlang Dhar, at the opening ceremony of the new C&RD Block today. day at Lumdaitkhla, Ri Bhoi District.
The Khasi Authors' Society (KA) has celebrated the 175th Anniversary of the Khasi Language since Rev. Thomas Jones invented the alphabet and the beginning of writing. he was born in Khasi in
When asked how they escaped from the check gate Byrnihat, they said that the guards came to check inside the vehicle and sent them away without checking their documents. Ashok Khongsit, President of CoRP-Eastern Zone.
On Saturday, these villages held a mass rally to protest against the lack of roads, water, electricity and lack of schools and others.
Madhya Pradesh (36.65 per cent) ranked fourth and Meghalaya (32.67 per cent) ranked fourth in poverty.
Pynhunlangki Lyngdoh (para) The same is true of all members of the family.
They demanded that the DC should conduct a search operation on the Jowai-Amlarem-Dawki road and send a magistrate, police and a team of photographers to find out the truth about the smuggling of cattle from this road. Bangladesh is located in the southern part of the country.
Therefore, we will witness the growth of injustice and its consequences for us, mankind.
"Bam khop," said the mother.
The video has been released again these days, ahead of the release of his film, Brahmastra.
“It is because my supporters, who supported me to become an MDC, have agreed to leave the Congress and join the NPP,” he said. “This decision was taken after my supporters understood that the Congress will not be able to reach anywhere in the state”.
"NorthEast United have moved closer to signing Brazilian forward Ibson Pereira de Melo for the 2023-24 season," the club said in a statement.
She said that the price of the test is T.20 for two wheelers, T.30 for three wheelers of petrol and T.40 for four wheelers of diesel. is T.40, and diesel is T.
The last time he held such a public hearing, he said, was at Kyrdum which was organized by the Presbytery.
The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) on October 6, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the UDP should not be accused of drama in its attempt to form a government of ethnic parties after failing to succeed.
Other speakers included Sister Maria Joseph, Headmistress, Tina Lakiang, Secretary, RC EVE Secondary School, and Federick Sunnah, Chairman of the Mihmyntdu Church Committee.
The shop was located at Tura Market, about 200 meters from Tura Police Station and near Tura Rikman Hotel and Sundare Hotel.
“There are many youths from this state who are qualified to do this job but they don't get the opportunity,” said the President of GSU. , Staff Nurse and System Analyst, “There are many youths in this state who can do these jobs, there are about 40 thousand youths who are unemployed in this state, why can't you call here, If NEHU in Shillong is not the same as NEHU in Tura, why go to Guwahati?” said the statement.
The woman fell from room 6B of the building.
In the case of old buses, the government has agreed with the operators that the maintenance fee will be deducted from 10 per cent of the revenue.
“He said that although there have been many challenges in the past years, the Forum hopes that this peace talks will bring an end and a solution to include peace. , rights, security and protection of property in the country and all its citizens.
The Christian Home as defined in English says, “A Christian Home is one where the whole family is bound together by the love of God in accordance.
At the Dorbar held on the 1st and 2nd October 1925, the Khasi National Dorbar discussed and resolved two important issues, one was the question of who or what are the Khasi? and secondly women’s participation in local governance.
After the bank management found that the money deposited in the Stong Room had been stolen by the robbers, the bank management immediately lodged a complaint. Umiam Police Station has lodged a complaint with the Umiam Police Station regarding the incident. Police have immediately rushed to the scene to investigate the incident. “To arrest the suspects,” said Bah GD Kharwanlang.
The Deputy Commissioner said that this order will not come into force on Tuesday.
Welcoming the government's decision to appoint an Expert Committee to consider and study the Reservation Policy, Dr. Celestine said that this is a matter that needs to be addressed. read carefully and think carefully and do not encourage the crowd to come out and be threatened.
This was announced by the President of MPUF East Jaintia Hills, Ma Kyrshan Blah.
Meghalaya is one of the states in India with the highest maternal mortality rate.
“Because as of now we have to say that Meghalaya is very strong in meat consumption and only from our own country cannot fill it at all, but the sad thing is that the State Government, through the department does not see. This is to protect us meat eaters, sometimes we have to eat dead or sick cows we don't know where and where they come from, because until now nobody has looked after this issue, so we urge The Minister of Agriculture and Veterinary Affairs (AV & Vet) should take action on this issue, so that it will be a protection for the people of the state,” said the statement.
These office bearers are Tony Balsam Ch Sangma as General Secretary, Grikseng Ch Sangma as President, Salrak K Sangma as Vice President, Nancy D Sangma as Joint Secretary, Tengme Ch Marak as Assistant General Secretary, Rongrik. Sangma as Literature & Magazine Secretary, Sanu T Sangma as Sports Secretary and Asame K Sangma as Finance Secretary.
Speeches were also delivered by FrG Jalong, MLA Nongpoh, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, Kong Marian Maring, President of KSU, Samla Fedynald Kharkamni, Bah S. Syngkli and others. on the message of Christmas and with the advice of greatness that we should welcome this Christmas and New Year with a spirit of love and joy and that we should be those instruments that bring peace and responsibility in life. spiritually and even socially.
Sangolkar said he saw a video shot by a man named Jagdish Rele in which he saw these three men digging a hole in the ground. bridge.
Those who oppose are only a few because they have not tried to come to the area.
In the case of the shooting in Mawlai, the plan was at a high level.
Shillong, Jymmang 05 : Lorenza Songthiang has brought glory to Meghalaya and India with a Rnong medal in her representation of India at the Pankration World Championships. The championship will be held at Yunusobod Sports Mausi, Tashkent, Uzbekistan from 2 to 4 June
Furthermore, protein is also a long-term source of energy and this helps to reduce the appetite for food which can also prevent premature hunger.
All these treatments will start at 10 am.
All the flesh and blood of the animals have been taken away to Garo, leaving us the children of Hynniewtrep only the flesh and the flesh.
During his visit, Sangma also visited the house of Shanborlang Marak, husband and father of five people who died in the earthquake in Dangar, East Khasi Hills District. He also donated money to pay to the mother of Kyllity Langpen, who died in the earthquake, along with her four children.
Banteidor said that the National Games to be held in 2022 will be on schedule.
But when the first came, they supposed that they should have received more; and they likewise received every man a penny.
She was rushed out of the fire, but her body was burnt to 70 percent.
? “I came from your work...” Bah Deng turned around. The Kongthei didn't want to ask anything else and went to get a bowl of kwai to give him kwai.
The President of the East Jaintia Minerals Association, Wanshwa Nongtdu, has announced the report of the pledges of the two owners, Lamshwa Kyndoh and Tenson Dkhar.
Nongpoh: A 10-year-old girl from Nongmawlong village, has escaped from drowning in Wah Umpih, after being hit by a youth from the same village. It happened yesterday evening at 2 o'clock.
On the other hand, the new MDC, Ma Winning Garland Sungoh, urged all the residents to remain calm and maintain peace and forget about all these things as the election is over and called upon all to work together to bring about the election. I'm going to go to Mowkaiaw.
Shillong, July 12 : As part of the strengthening of health facilities, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Thursday laid the foundation stone for the construction of two Critical Hospitals. Care Blocks (CCB) and 5 Integrated Public Health Laboratories (IPHL) in the State.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has also issued the necessary guidelines and we have consulted with the neighboring states,” he said.
“We know that the employees of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) are having difficulty in evicting the vendors because there is no proper law.
Commenting on the payment of taxes, Bah Suting said, “If we stop paying taxes immediately, we will lose money while if we delay payment of taxes for 10 days, we will be fined.
Nongrim Thawrat village is located near Riangsih village and this family had three daughters and one son.
Speaking to reporters, Bhandara district health officer Milind Somkuwar said, “There were about several children of the Ashram school who were suffering from illness and some of them Some of them suffered from fever on Friday, after which the team of the district health department checked their health condition. 325 students staying in the school hostel.
Samlin Malngiang said that Clement G Momin will make history by winning the election from Ampati.
Indonesian national team chief Shin Tae Yong said he was filled with sadness and relief after he had completed the preparation of the entire national team. for more than three years to participate in the U-20 tournament.
Thus, it has saved more than Rs 1 lakh crore from the pockets of the poor and needy families.
The verdict came after witnesses were found involved in the murder of Tngen Muruh, She Muruh and Tne Muruh from Lumkhudung, West Jaintia Hills. Hills District is involved in this case.
Shillong, Jymmang 23 : The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the State Government has followed up with the Central Government on the implementation of the Reservation Policy in the Eklavya Model Residential Schools (EMRS). Replying to a question raised by the VPP MLA from Nongkrem, Conrad said that during the meeting, the Minister of Tribal Affairs said that the Reservation Policy will be approved in the EMRS schools. don within the state.
He also worked as one of the founders & Executive Members of 20 Villages Multipurpose Cooperative Society, Ltd. in Liarbang.
Speaking to media, the chairman of CoMSO said that the meeting was not with him as the Speaker of the House, but because Bah Metbah is the President and Chairman of the UDP. He said that after the adoption of the ILP resolution by 60 MLAs in the Legislative Assembly, the struggle for ILP is also the responsibility of the MDA government. He said the implementation of the ILP will be in the hands of the Central Government, but the implementation of the MRSSA Amendment Bill will be in the hands of the State Government.
After that, followed by two PDF MLAs and 11 UDP MLAs, Conrad's family was strengthened and he announced that a new government would be formed. MDA) II or 2.0 as the communication method on Mobile Phones and devices need to be upgraded from time to time.
They also informed that there are many jobs in which the group has lost contacts in different countries where the demand for workers is high such as nurses, local workers. hospitals and others in Japan and Germany but in these countries it is necessary to pass two levels of Japanese and German, the statement said.
He also mentioned the mining in Nongtalang, where he said that now the hills have collapsed, due to the mining of coal and the impact on the water of the river, which has affected the river. .
He explained that the increase in price is due to the number of pieces in this large building.
“Anyone who dies from violence in his own country is a selfish person,” said the statement.
He mentioned the works that the government has started such as the construction of residential schools, the establishment of the Pine Mount International School, the Barikor Schools, and others.
The counting of votes has continued so far in the Lok Sabha elections.
Opposition leaders have expressed deep concern over the unsubstantiated memorial against Swamy, who used to help the Adivasis in Jharkhand and has been imprisoned since In April last year, under the provisions of the UAPA Act. It was further alleged that Swamy was not allowed to undergo treatment when he was ill. They did not allow him to drink water during his imprisonment, until there was a protest throughout the country.
“If any DSC cannot do so, it can do so in an urgent need to appoint temporary or Adhoc with the approval of the Cabinet through the Personnel and Administrative Reforms (B) Department,” said Bah Pyrtuh. The Vice President of the DSC said that all the adhoc employees should be dismissed after receiving the persons who have passed the DSC. The DSC of East Khasi Hills has appointed 49 employees.
The question is how the prison staff acted at that time until the increase of the suspect was not seen.
Earlier, Nongrum said that the Law Department is examining the SPV proposed by the owner of the Crow Borough Hotel in Khyndai Lad.
On the other hand, MPUF Khliehriat Circle has donated foodgrains and other daily necessities.
Evidence of these activities of the Ñiamra can be seen about 2 kilometers below Umsaw village and east of Lad Pnar where we can see the faults.
The MIPRL has expressed its shock over the incident, which has led to the bloodshed in Wapung village, where the SP and Magistrate, they were injured and their vehicles were also burnt down.
Speaking to one of the residents of Umsawnongbri, he said that they cannot refuse to repair this road themselves, because the leaders who have been elected to look after the welfare of the people do not want to take responsibility. “We had expected to receive assistance from the leaders for the repair of this road after the election, but it is sad to say that nothing has been done yet,” he said. he said.
On Saturday, Manipur and Sikkim played 35 overs each, in which Manipur won by four wickets.
At the same time, the Chief Minister said that the state government has introduced various programs to help the people to start their own businesses, especially in the areas affected by the lockdown. mining coal, to relieve them of their trouble.
The helicopters were launched by the father and son of Vice Marshal Manavendra Singh and son of Lieutenant Siddharth Singh. in a military parade within the city.
It was also seen that a motorcycle carrying a woman had collapsed in the middle of the road and could not move due to the flooding.
We have directed the District Council not to appoint various Market Committees.
Of these, 117 were 18 years or older (57 males and 60 females), 38 were between 14 and 18 years of age (9 males and 29 females) and 13 were between 5 and 13 years of age. age (7 males and 6 females).
In a letter sent to the Minister, the students have sent a letter in which they have also mentioned that as part of the Minister's request for information on the examination of the students which is the final examination of the semesters. .
Dr. DD Lapang said that the Minister of Tribal Affairs, V. Kishore Chandra Deo is a man who dedicates himself to serving the people and his house is also a house of dedication. service to the people.
“The Council will take action and a committee has been set up on this,” said the CEM. In fact, the Council has already decided to abolish the kilo cut. The Syiem and the Hima Mylliem have promised that in any case there shall be no more kilo cutting.
And there will be more protests.
These benefits include old age pension, death and funeral expenses, medical assistance for hospitalization, assistance for accidents or injuries at work, assistance for children's education, marriage assistance, assistance to mothers during childbirth, vocational training and others.
Rima Momin of Gongglanggre in Garobadha, West Garo Hills has sustained serious injuries to her legs in an accident at Byrnihat.
The certificates were also distributed to all the participants by the Additional Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat.
Chyne informed the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to provide equipment and medicines to the PHCs in Laitlyngkot, Swer, Khrang and also to the CHC in Sohra.
Justice T.Vaiphel said that although the Commission cannot postpone any investigation, it has the power to order the police to expedite the investigation.
The Seng Khasi stands to preserve the religion, customs and traditions of the jaitbynriew on the basis of 'Tip kur tip kha – tip brief tip Blei' and to 'Love yourself and respect others' and such irresponsible actions, however, have evil intentions behind them and lead to the misguidance of the nation as a whole with the intention of dividing it.
These types of vegetables help to reduce inflammation in the body and help relieve chronic diseases in the body.
While two passengers came from Kuala Lumpur, another arrived from Dubai via Colombo,” officials said.
Adelbert said that the Reservation Policy has started to witness in the state but when he spoke on this issue, the ruling MLAs in the MDA government and also the Ministers government constantly claim that I act emotionally and not intellectually.
Those found violating these rules will be punished according to the law and this warning is for all coal owners, contractors, truck owners and drivers and others.
However, the game was tough and for Meghalaya it was also disappointing because only in the first half they scored but the players of HK Singh School fought hard, with the Mizoram's players were determined to score a goal but Meghalaya were able to score a goal.
This song is sung in memory of Swor Kharumnuid (Bam kwai ha Dwar u Blei) the beloved mother of Nicholas J Kharnami or Manik who took the first step. to wake up for the protection and preservation of the environment.
The experts who gave the explanation were Bah Akbar Malang, HDO Khliehriat Block and Bah D. Passah, Program Officer, District Commerce and Industries Centre, Khliehriat in the presence of Waheh Shnong of Bataw, Bhalang Suchiang and Deihok Sumer, Secretary MRDS. Deihok Sumer in his keynote address said that the cultivation of shyrmit is very important and the MRDS has set a target to promote the cultivation of shyrmit in the district.
Your one is in front, yours is behind.
“We have decided that we will soon hold a meeting between the Governments of Meghalaya and Assam to discuss how to curb this crime,” he said.
However, the surprising thing is that for 11 years until now the Meghalaya government and this company have been silent without doing anything and this has surprised the land owners.
The theft also happened at one of the shops owned by Bah Basil Kharbani at the top of Nongstoiñ Market.
They also demanded that the MeECL department should reduce the electricity bill for all the households of 50 villages in EJHD who have not received the electricity bill in the past few months.
The session of the Khasi District Council will start from 25th October
Shillong, Nailar 27: The UDP candidate from Jaïaw Constituency, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Saturday said that Dr. Aman War, the UDP candidate from North Shillong, will win the election. victory in the upcoming elections as he won the fight against COVID-1
Others in the Nongstoin Hima – one Dalbot (Wah Katak) and two Akar (Riangdim on the hill) and the third is the hill and Wah Thre square. away from towns and villages if the government is looking for it.
Shillong, July 14: The Governor of Meghalaya on Tuesday issued an order to dismiss the Chief Police Officers in the state.
Therefore, it is the wisdom of the villages and the village authorities to ensure that there will be no violation of the law during the construction of the houses.
However, if it is not cleaned properly, it can be harmful to the health.
More than 100 members of the Academic Council from Shillong and Tura Campus of NEHU have signed a petition to convene a special meeting of the AC. According to Regulation RA-5, Clause 13, under Clauses (1) (a) and (2) of Statute 42, said Prof Kma.
“It is for this reason that I have come here today to ensure that there is no such cooperation and to announce that Kong Grace will be the party's candidate in 2023,” said Pretone.
If we have been able to eradicate evil, we have been able to protect the country and the nation.
The Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram, led by its President, Bah Tyllilang Myrthong, has recently planned to hold a knia at Krem Mawjymbuin. Mawsynram on the claim that there has been no discussion and informed the village authorities on this issue.
What do you do every day? The Scientist asked.
He said that the education department will consult with the NEHU authorities regarding the colleges which have agreements with NEHU for the implementation of the NEP. In his view, there is no objection to the implementation of the NEP and everyone knows that this is for the better and everyone agrees that this should work despite many challenges.
These office bearers were sworn in by the President of the HNYM Central Body, Bah Louis Dohtdong. The swearing-in ceremony was conducted by Bah Pyrkhatlang Nongphlang. HNYM President Samjur Suïam, Secretary Khonshnong Village Secretary John Lakiang and Rangbah Shnong Khonshnong. Leoferdinand Suiam President HNYM
Shillong: A 17-year-old youth has lost his life in a road accident at Umkdait in Nongmynsong at 7.40 pm today.
On this occasion, various organizations including RCCSA, VDP, RVWWO and Village Organization also expressed their gratitude and appreciation to Ms. Victorealness. I also congratulate this longkmie.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11 : Assam has won seven gold medals in the opening day of the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 at the Crinoline Swimming. Pool on Thursday, while Manipur won one gold medal.
The HYC has asked the MLA if he knows how to say such words to discourage the people and through this statement, it makes it clear that the Meghalaya government supports the border crossing of Assam, in At the same time, the party has asked the MLA of Mawhati when he found that the people were causing trouble on the border.
But we don't remember to ask ourselves, 'Are all my sins forgiven?' What kinds of sins are inside me? Dear friend, I am writing this according to the Bible by leaving behind the teachings of other religions.
On the other hand, when asked about the ticket application of Bah Mayborn Lyngdoh, he said, “In this regard, on our part, we have not received anything because there are those who have met the President and there are those who have met with the President. also among those who have submitted their written nominations to contest the MP election.
Many mothers came to attend this day.
“Now we have received NREGS and other development projects from Meghalaya,” said the Syiem of Raid Nongtung.
Villarreal scored a late goal through Vicente Iborra and should have scored the equalizer in extra time, but the goal was scored late. , you're offside.
He urged all the citizens who have reached the age of 18 years and above to value their vote, regardless of their religion, race or language.
Before this order, the district authorities, under the leadership of S Phanbuh, engineers from PWD Roads Central Division and a team of police inspected the construction of this road.
Wa I Sa Sumer's award as a longkmie has been an inspiration to others, especially to the youth, to have the goal of completing their research in the field of Ph.D.
She also recalled that 36 years ago they lost the former Prime Minister, Indira Gandhi at the hands of the insurgents and hundreds of people lost their lives, injured and others in the attack. far from them.
The Congress leader said that if the people elect a candidate from Prah, where will he go? He joined the Congress and the BJP because he was alone.
This is an insult to the rights of other parties and candidates.
At the same time, the union demands that this child should be provided with food for the rest of his life as the loss of both hands has caused him trouble and will suffer in the future.
In this regard, the KSU has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills on 1st June against the dewbilat factories to urge him to take action on this issue so that many of the youth who have completed various degrees can get The KSU has informed that it will soon hold a Job Fair in East Jaintia Hills in collaboration with the district authorities to open up opportunities for young job seekers.
“This statement shows that Kharlukhi is lying to the people of the state or that the National President of the NPP does not agree with Kharlukhi, or that there is a difference of opinion between them”.
“At the Annual State Convention, the party will also renew its office bearers to strengthen the party's work for the 2018 elections.
Nongstoiñ, July 10: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma on Tuesday laid the foundation stone for the construction and cleaning of the road. The Chief Minister was accompanied by Cherak W Momin, Parliamentary Secretary I/C PWD. Roads in the presence of Bibstar Kharbuli, Secretary PWD, Deborah C Marak MLA, Williamnagar, Bah S.Kharlyngdoh Deputy Commissioner, West Khasi Hills. District, Nongstoin MLA D. Jyndiang, Mairang MLA Metbah Lyngdoh, various government officials and others.
Jowai, Jymmang 27: The Jaintia Fishing and Environmental Protection Association (JFEPA) has launched a campaign to bring peace to the fishermen and farmers from time to time. time and to beautify parts of the Myntdu River in Ram.
Speeches were also delivered by Homer Kharkongor, President UDP Mawlai Circle Teibok Kharkongor, Secretary UDP Mawlai and others in the presence of elders and youth.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Adelbert said that during the elections, he had already made it clear that he would not go to the people to ask for support. There were many residents of Them Ïew Mawlong who did not support him in the recent election, but there were also some who supported him in the election.
Lalringthara walks 3 kilometers every day to go to his school and has to wear a uniform and carry a book every day.
In this regard, the Minister said that the Government of India has already prepared two INS vessels if necessary and the first vessel has been sent to Sudan for this purpose. , the INS Sumedha, which carried about 300 Indians on Tuesday, was carried to the port in Jeddah and left again on Friday. From there to return to Sudan in order to evacuate many other people who are still stranded in the country.
It seems that Ao and the BJP are uncertain about what the BJP will do in the Meghalaya elections.
The quarter final of the tournament will be played on the 15th July between Catholic Youth Mihmyntdu against Iawmulong Nartiang at 10 pm and Sabah against Loompyrdi Ïongpiah at 11 pm.
Many times, it has been found that these companies in the Soskulars that they have established with the Shnongs are able to provide employment first to the state residents in the jobs they have skilled, but when the youth enter In the workplace, the employers show a listening attitude because they try to hold on to the employees until the young people from the state who are employed cannot leave the job.
“It is necessary to preserve the forests and it is also necessary to protect the forests.
Aminul Islam, resident of Kanaihmara, Hatsingimari, has married a 15-year-old girl from the same village. Meanwhile, Assam Police have arrested two others in South Salmara-Mankachar. others on the 25th of this month on charges of marriage to minors.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Meghalaya on Tuesday said that the Central Government has released a donation to the State Government for the salaries of SSA teachers. The office bearers of the Meghalaya SSA Schools Association (MSSASA) in a meeting with him.
After investigating the matter, MEPA has found that these statements of yours are severely affected and excessive, which Dr. Mukul said “the media is only MEPA said that these allegations are baseless, defamatory and unfounded. responsibilities and also those that she cannot accept.
According to Bah Parien, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has also confirmed that the government will build more rooms at the college.
In fact, the High Court said that once the court urges the government to act on the issues, the government is expected to take necessary steps.
The reason why these village leaders in the area have decided to hold a meeting or set up a Joint Action Committee (JAC), is after in the past months it was found that dozens of trucks Dozens of trucks carrying coal or rnga, which come from Mawmaram and leave through Lad Umsaw, in the middle of the night, dozens of trucks carrying heavy loads pass through this road. this is the road.
Therefore, even young children suffer from diseases that mainly affect the stomach.
At this meeting, they discussed thoroughly according to the documents issued by the Assam Government in 1957 and the area falls under Block-I. You want to go to Jowai Division.
Bah Marweiñ, Rangbah Shnong of Nongjri, said that the relief efforts were sent to the village because the leaders of the area have not done anything to help the family. the power of nature.
Regarding the decline in the production of jhur, meat and other commodities in the state, he urged all the officers working in the districts to work together to improve the production of food items. and other items in the state especially in Garo Hills.
The Convenor of the Northeast Democratic Alliance (NEDA) and Chief Minister of Assam – Himanta Biswa Sarma on Tuesday met with the leaders of the ethnic armed groups. Cookies and those who are still under suspension of operations.
He said that people should not believe just because someone has alleged that these are illegal coal trucks.
The Seng's demand came after the shooting death of a Khasi man in front of Kurim on Tuesday evening by alleged foreigners.
“I used to play under the leadership of Bah Khlain as a player at that time and there have never been such coaches with such knowledge.
Because if they do this, we will live and work for our fellow Khasi and that man who marries a Dkhar will lose his inheritance.
The Taliban, who killed 132 schoolchildren, children of Pakistani soldiers, have told their leaders after they killed all the students. “We have killed all the school children and what will we do?” they asked.
On the other hand, Prestone urged the taxi drivers to stop their strike as it has affected their income and the people and allowed the Government. that I may look after their problems.
Now it is in our hands and it is up to us to decide how to get MLAs who are worthy according to the time and era, not the unnecessary people who do business to earn the sacred office of MLA to serve. to the people and to make laws for the welfare of the State.
Samla Augustine Nongrum, President KSU Umktieh Unit and members of the KSU Umktieh Unit led the protest.
“The winners will also receive a cash prize to spend on the sport of their choice,” said Conrad.
If the government is concerned about this, it should have suspended the police officer.
The Tenancy Bill recognizes only a few mynder who are foreign residents in private homes and not all mynder who come to Meghalaya.
Shillong: The Citizenship (Amendment) Bill will be among the 27 new bills, which the Central Government is preparing to introduce this month. The session of Parliament will start on Tuesday, 18th November.
On the other hand, Mawshynrut MLA, Bah Witting Mawsor said that the MeECL bill is incorrect while the bill is correct.
While waiting for the police to arrive, it is learned that the youth injected himself with thyrnia, which caused him to collapse near the Polo Ground.
There are two reasons why Jesus' death on the cross was a great glory. (1) It revealed the glory and majesty of God in His nine words on the cross. which men have not thought of.
The glory of God is a glory that never fades and shines every day because it endures forever.
The five-year term of the Legislative Assembly for the year 2018-2023 will end in October
Adelbert Nongrum said the number of households has now increased to 342, which means that another 158 households will have to be relocated to another new location.
He said that another student, Kynsai Bareh, who is studying at the school from the Sport Quota, after completing his matriculation and because he has a desire to study in the Science Stream, ', he was able to continue his studies at this school with a scholarship.
Now, after winning again from Mawlai as MLA in 2018, as the Congress candidate, he has said many things in the Legislative Assembly and outside it.
The deceased was identified as Eldrin Lyngdoh Nonglait, 43, son of Kong Lintis Lyngdoh Nonglait and Bah Tarwel Pariong of Kynshi Village, WKH. Police in 1995 in the 3rd Battalion.
The two men who threatened Juki were identified as Tutu Majumdar and Nurul Islam from Assam and residents of Barapathar.
Once a month and on the first Lord's Day we all read the Ten Commandments from Exodus 20:1-1
The 31 cases in East Khasi Hills District include 7 cases from Khlieh Iew, 12 cases from Motphran, 8 cases from Anjalee, one of them was tested positive in the morning, one was from outside the state, one was admitted to Ganesh Das Hospital and one was admitted to Woodland Hospital.
The Central Puja Committee (CPC) is the leader of the Hindu community in Meghalaya and works with the Puja Committees, Temple Committees and committees in charge of holidays.
“However, in a few months, the survey has been done again and we are from the State Government to explain to the Rangbah Shnongs and landowners to cooperate and to look into the need to build the Pynursla Bypass. " he said.
There have been 120 recoveries from the coronavirus in the state today.
The JNC said that the PHE office is located at Khliehriat, which belongs to the Electrical and Distribution Departments. dup cannot be fully operational, as SDOs are not yet fully operational.
Shillong, July 19:4 years old, he has left his home and has suffered many hardships and sufferings until he has reached the point where he has to sleep along the road while in a foreign country in a place he does not know anyone. anyone and a place where he doesn't understand the language even to speak.
This member of ours is also angry because Khamti is also well known to D.Mawlong.
C for qualifying for this year's Durand Cup.
The Anti Influx Operation Cell through Laban Circle has taken this step to crack down on all the illegal immigrants and especially those foreigners who come to trade illegally. knieh jynthet for the income of our nation.
Shillong: A person from South West Khasi Hills has confirmed the first case of corona virus and he returned from Gujarat on 5th July
It will also be an honor and pride for the state to witness that all the players to lead are from the state, but it will also be a tough match for Meghalaya at the same time an opportunity for the players to showcase their skills. the talent and skills they have through this competition.
In the men's singles, Mewanlamkupar of Eastern West Khasi Hills beat Hunbait S Manner of West Jaintia Hills 18-21, 21-11 and 23-2
However, if you have diabetes, you should avoid eating Phan because Phan increases the level of glucose in the blood which is very dangerous if you have diabetes.
In a statement, GNLA Publicity Secretary Gantong Marak said that after the police found the bomb in Pathalgre (East Garo Hills), they opened fire in public places.
The question from the Government of India is – What is the status of the Khasi language in literacy? As the language of instruction, Khasi is currently available up to class
Shillong, March 21: Three members of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) on Tuesday surrendered to the Meghalaya Police at Bajengdoba Police Station in East Garo Hills District.
India has supported Palestine and Palestinian refugees through assistance to the UN Relief and Works Agency (UNRWA).
“If anyone doesn't inform, on the helpline number, the staff of this center will send a rescue van to the place where the injured animals are to be taken to hospital,” he said. said the officer.
If the method of operation fails, the Department has failed completely.
The HYC SAU also urges the BSF troops guarding the border between India and Bangladesh to work hard to arrest these people who enter India early in the morning, even if they are not. have a role to play in protecting the population in the border areas.
Prokit Rabha was taken to Civil Hospital, Shillong by his colleagues on the 12th of November but later shifted to NEIGRIHMS and died on the 17th of November due to severe injuries.
He said that besides the existence of this school, other assistance and benefits will be available to the people through the CSC which is run by the owner of this school.
The court, after a thorough hearing and after the approval of the authorities from both the cases, decided to hold the elections on 10th December
Shillong: The Monolith Festival 2024, which was held at Mawphlang, on the 7th of October 2024, was a very beautiful and exciting event with thousands of participants. Not only Khasi and Jaintia but also people from outside the state and outside the country attended the ceremony.
Jowai, Naiwieng 26 : JYF, HWW&DO, HANM, NHP, JSM, MPUF and others today held a rally from 1 pm to Lad Kiang Nangbah to The meeting was held at Ummulong Street near Jowai Police Station.
However, police have not yet arrested Bah Dorphang.
The union also complained that almost all the development works brought by the Meghalaya government from schools, dorbar halls, roads and electricity have been blocked in Assam. Assam has been allowed to implement peacefully without any opposition from the Meghalaya government.
Hooid, we are all in the same state but we are different in terms of ethnicity and since ancient times we have our own places – the Bri u Hynniew-Trep or the Ri Lum Khasi. -Jaintia and Garo Hills where they cannot fight together.
The five MPs of the Rajya Sabha, who were suspended by the Chairman of the Rajya Sabha this morning, have decided to stay overnight in the grounds of Parliament.
Boris Johnson and Carrie Symonds have been married for five years.
After the arrest and search, police recovered about 16 grams of heroin, several strips of Nitrazepam and cash worth about 89,000 tyngka.
" she said.
Dr FA Khonglam (MLA of Sohra) said that he was an MLA of Sohra in 1983, 1993, 1998 and
It can disrupt sleep and rest.
“All the Engineers of various Divisions have visited the affected areas to collect estimates to find out how much the cost of work will be for the rehabilitation of these damaged areas to get emergency funds. or to find ways and means how to build quickly so that the people will not be affected”.
The meeting was held a few months after a fire broke out in Khyndailad, Police Bazaar.
Das came in the 52nd rank of those selected for the examination.
The next match will be between Lamare Sports Club and United Sports Club Kolkata in the 2nd leg of the semi final on 11th October 2023 at 1:30 pm at New Nongstoiñ Stadium.
Patil, SRTMU (bronze)87kg Greco Roman- Vijay Doiphode, Shivaji U (gold), Shubham Dudhal, PAHSU (silver), Ajay, Kurukshetra U (bronze)130kg Men- Satish, MDU (gold), Deepanshu, ITMU (silver) , Shubham Sidnabe, SU (bronze)57kg Women- Rajni, GNDU (gold), Kalpana, CBLU (silver), Rupinder Kaur, Panjab U (bronze)65kg Women- Kusum, BPSMV (gold), Khushi Rani, RTMNU (silver) , Muskan Devi, GNDU (bronze)68kg Women- Anju, CDLK (gold), Bhumi, CU (silver), Neha, CCSU (bronze)76kg Women- Priya, GNDU (gold), Bipasha, CKU (silver), Saneha Sidhu , CDLU (bronze) Hockey Men (Guru Gobind Singh Sports College, Lucknow)Punjabi University, Patiala beat GNDU, Amritsar 4 – 0 goalsLovely Professional University beat Savitribai Phule Pune University 5 – 2 goalsSambalpur University, Odisha beat Bengaluru City University by 4 – 3 colVeer Bahadur Singh Purvanchal University, Jaunpur  ia ka Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapith, Varanasi by 4 – 3 col.
This is the greed and desire for others which God has already warned by saying – “You shall not want”.
News 18 reported that PTI claimed to have received information from various states that the death toll has risen to 126 and the number of cases has risen to 4,1
Shillong: The North Eastern Hill University Students' Union (NEHU SU) has staged a protest against the failure of the NEHU authorities to provide buses for the students who have to sit for their examinations. he brought many troubles on them.
Rajya Sabha MP Praful Patel said 51 out of the party's 54 MLAs had sent a letter to Sharad Pawar asking the NCP to cooperate with the BJP. The MVA government was on the verge of collapse last year during the violence against Eknath Shinde.
This is also the best time for some people to start forming groups to earn money.
Shillong:"On behalf of the Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, I would like to express my gratitude to the people, the Village Authorities, the implementers of development schemes such as the Dorbar Shnong, VEC and others. “They have faced difficulties in obtaining mineral resources such as shyiap, stone and others,” said the CEM KHADC in a letter to the KHADC. the Chief Minister of the State.
This statement by the Minister is very important at this time when the state is experiencing a lot of shyiap mining which affects the drinking water supply and the cleanliness of the rivers.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH from DBRYN RECORDS.:The new Pnar song, “Duriaw Langen”, is a song that has been released recently and is composed by Bankershwa Suchiang.
Before the establishment of the Joint Action Committee, Ms Toi worked hard to support these two organizations (JWU and JACJH) and to help those in need.
The clash between the two groups came after the Assam Rifles, Manipur Police and IRB jointly conducted a search operation near Dampi Ridge and The meeting is located in Churachandpur.
In the upcoming 2023 elections, there has been a call from the UDP supporters that the UDP should not take over the ruling party to lead the government where the post of Prime Minister will go to Bah Metbah Lyngdoh. President of the party or other party leaders.
“As a young man I want to develop the whole nation not only my own area and as we know that now within the KHADC there are problems that are not going well, so if I reach the goal I want to create “It's a good idea to discuss and understand all the issues,” said Bah Pius Marwein.
KSU Mawkyrwat Circle Girls' Wing through its President Samla Banisha Wahlang invites all the people of Mawkyrwat area to attend the rally. to this public meeting.
JJM Nichols Roy was assisted by Gopinath Bordoloi and recognized by the Chairman of the Drafting Committee of India, BR Ambedkar. .
It is also worth mentioning that the reason why the children who attend the school have not been able to attend classes until today, is after the school which was built specifically for the purpose of attending This year, the children were damaged and destroyed by the Puhshilum, which was brought by the Assam Police last year.
The State Government has approved to hand over the building codes of the MUDA to the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) for permission to implement them in areas outside the jurisdiction of the Municipal.
She worked hard and went from house to house to canvas for Rev. JJM Nichols Roy.
A truck carrying dewbilat has collided with a truck near the road at Iawmusiang, Jowai.
According to the signs, the murderer was shot in the head, said the wife.
The Sengbhalang in East Jaintia Hills should immediately support the woman who is looking for rti from Lama village, they should not stop because it is not a private but a public matter, we should not listen to these corrupt practices.
There was also a fierce struggle between the residents of Assam and the residents of Meghalaya.
Parents and students of the school were also present on the occasion.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister of Education, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui said that the objective of the Round Table, Shillong is to enroll more children in schools.
We live in peace and harmony in the midst of the blessings of nature.
The ABP is an important tool in anti-doping and research in this regard has opened the way not only to detect but also to prevent the use of doping in sport.
“Now, the SDS of NHM Meghalaya which has at least 2000 employees has opposed the unregulated rationalization of employees across the state,” said Bah Kordorlang.
The High Court recently issued an order that the Rangbah Shnongs or Chief Executive Members in the state can no longer issue birth certificates, death certificates and NOCs for any job but only the Rangbah Shnongs. social observer.
In this regard, the family members of Bah Pynkhreh Surong have demanded the hanging of Meban Talang and Sambun Dkhar as they are murderers and car thieves. you're bad.
Archaeological evidence has been found in the discovery of samples from Law Nongthroh at the foot of Lum Sohpetbneng which shows that there were remains of the peoples of the world since ancient times. home.
“The police came to conduct an investigation by taking witnesses from me and I showed them all the documents but they did not take anything from the complainants,” she said.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) has turned 31 years old today and the party would like to extend its special congratulations to all its leaders, members and supporters especially to the families of those members. you are dead.
Of course, the Government of India will pay for many but not all.
The Government of India is committed to bringing economic development to the North East in all sectors and the region will play a major role in achieving the goal of making India an income generating India. it can be $ 5 trillion.
England beat Germany 2-0 in the European Cup on Saturday.
Any party that has the power to form a government in the future should include this issue in its manifesto or in its agenda when it wins so that it will not win immediately. find ways and means to overcome all these problems.
In another incident, a man named Mcbornbonnyson Kharbani lost his life after being suspected of being murdered.
In Mawlong Market, there are still several wine stores open and one of them is located near the Hindu temple near Shiv Mandir and near Gurudwara.
However, cleaning experts say that the heat of the sun is necessary for good road conditions.
The theme of the celebration is “Freedom, Equality and Justice for All.
Speaking on the victory of MP Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon, Ardent said that if the Enforcement Directorate, CBI and VPP MP were brought to other states, advocate with the Government of India to bring corruption to the state.
Shillong: The struggle for justice in the courts is not over yet.
“We have discussed many issues with the officers of the Department of Agriculture and Horticulture and we have faced many problems but we on the part of the government will fight to improve the income of the farmers,” said Bah Banteidor. MN Sangma, District Horticulture Officer and Susanna M Sangma, Joint Director, Department of Agriculture.
New Delhi, June 25 : Bengaluru FC coach Carles Caudrat, who led the team to the Indian Super League title, has been appointed as head coach of Bengal FC. in the two-year school year.
He said that after meeting with the management of the factory that they cannot provide the necessary documents, the union has decided to temporarily close down the factory. “The factory has not been able to provide the necessary documents. The union will not allow anyone to come and work without the necessary documents from the relevant authorities,” he added. .
In recent decades, the private sector has played a large role in activities related to milk production.
On Saturday last month, these youths drew a picture of him and the flag of India as well as the flag of the HSPDP on the banks of the Umrisaw River in the village. Siejlieh and this style of drawing has impressed and shocked the spectators.
Even in the midst of the outbreak of the disease, we have not stopped working for the welfare of our fellow teachers,” said a statement sent by the President of FAMASTA, Kong B.Kharumnuid.
She said that they have also taken the students to other SHGs but the working methods of the SHGs in Nongkroh are different and progressive.
The Tyrsad Area Sports Association (TASA) on Saturday inaugurated the First, Second and Third Division Football Tournament, which was held at Sohjhursaw Stadium, Tyrsad.
Rev. Bidonbok Syiem, Secretary of the Christian Multi Media Ministry, expressed his gratitude to all those who attended the event and especially to all those who took part in the event. make this purpose.
They left Tbanlangjrong and went up to Dirang, Maharam and ten groups to Lum Iawpaw.
The vendors were requested not to take advantage of the price of mur, but to cooperate with the government to win the fight against the spread of COVID-19 across the State and the country as a whole.
At the same time, the MLA of the area promised to take action regarding the problems of the employees of the Board. that the JMB is an independent body or autonomous body which has its own rules relating to recruitment and appointment authorized by the government.
Adarsh ​​said Tanhaji is doing better these days than Bajrangi Bhaijaan, Sultan, Sanju and Kabir Singh.
What would happen if the Great War broke out? Israel is about to stand alone and no country is willing to help. At that time God will use Israel as that sword of His sword against the countries of the world that come to attack it.
She said that out of the 12 candidates who passed, only two have been appointed so far.
Of the Assam Hills, the Garo Hills have more kynphad than other Hills.
The Smart City Plan (SCP) has been developed after consultation with the people, residents and should have a comprehensive financial framework.
One of the Russian shelling in the Ukrainian city of Kharkiv took place inside a parking lot near the residential area of ​​Pervomaisky, a town of 28,000 residents.
Shillong, Nailur 17: The Government will start the demolition of the Motphran Bridge on the 20th of November from 9 pm to the 21st evening.
“Every time we meet with various groups, we find that not everyone supports the idea of ​​bringing a railway line in the district, and not everyone is against it.
Meghalaya has about 74-75 per cent of the population under the age of 35 years.
On the 11th of June, u Bah Jes said that his vehicle Max ML-04-3374 was driving in front while the vehicle of the Prime Minister (Dr. Mukul Sangma) was coming from behind. when the siren sounded, I understood that it was an ambulance or a heavy vehicle; I turned away and one of the wheels of my car fell into the road.
Even the cows from Ri Lum Jaintia, have been smuggled to Bangladesh, because these smugglers can afford to buy at a higher price, which the meat farmers cannot afford. We urge the government to take action on this issue, which has been faced by the cow farmers.
Tyrone D'Brass said the Government should correct the behavior of these private schools.
The greatest is divinity or a quality in harmony with God's perfection.
Last month, the teachers' union also donated to the Girls Home in Jaiaw.
Suchen urged the people to be vigilant when walking and standing on the Jowai-Dawki highway especially in the areas closer to Bangladesh. They should patrol every night and increase the number of patrol police in this area and work together with the village patrol officers of Nongtalang and Darrang districts.
When we have lived with the fire, how can we still want to go to the fire?
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 5: The road is one of the most important issues that the rural people want the government to provide.
These two leaders have been truly visionary and willing to speak on various issues for the people of Ri Bhoi and the state as a whole. still won election for the first time but they have shown and developed their leadership skills.
The order prohibits the holding of public marches or rallies of any candidate after the announcement of victory, and the order will come into force until 4:00 pm on on the 4th of this month.
This shows that there is a lot of corruption in this matter.
Police are investigating the incident and have taken Steffanie's husband for questioning as part of the investigation.
Damascus, Nailar 22: The entire city near Damascus has been in a state of shock following the killing of 1,300 people who were sleeping in their homes this morning. snowball.
“Furthermore, we recommend to the Commission to recommend to the Government of India to assist the Autonomous District Councils in Meghalaya in financial and other assistance and to guide the enactment of the Autonomous District Councils in Meghalaya. different laws," the organization added.
In 2023, the Governor has authorized the two Autonomous District Councils to set up a Delimitation Committee to arrange the MDC Constituencies of these two Councils according to the population.
Nongpoh, July 27 : Due to the danger to the people, children and wildlife caused by the electricity shortage due to the lack of electricity supply to a transformer in Umtangar village in Western Ri-Bhoi district, the Federation of MeECL has given 1 month to the Western Zone to repair the transformer before the incident.
However, if any religion violates the personal rights of any person, and the Government turns a blind eye to that injustice, that too is against secularism because the Government is biased against the group. Religion before the rights of men.
Shillong, July 24 : The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Saturday unanimously passed an official resolution to strongly oppose the implementation of the Uniform Civil Code of the Government of India on the border. of the Council.
Shillong: The Executive Committee of Raid Kongthong, which met on 4th November 2019, has approved the appointment of Bah Cominghome Pohnong as the Rangbah Shnong of Kongthong on 1st March
The Act will also provide for the election of Anglo-Indian MPs to the Lok Sabha and State Legislative Assemblies.
There are only a few exceptions in the city.
He said that there are many opportunities now that have been opened even to the children from those who have passed class V above, especially to those who have dropped out of school for various reasons. school drop outs.
But at least the name is extremely dependent.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pdianghun Dkhar, General Secretary, SKSSJHD, Rangbah Shnong, Elders from almost all the districts of Rymbai, Sutnga, Narpuh, Lakadong, Amwi, Nongkhlieh, Saipung, Jowai, including the leaders of civil society organizations, JSU Narpuh Circle, JYF Saipung Circle.
Permission has also been sought from NEHU and the training is in progress.
This may be a personal writing or only of the village itself and not sent by us, the Raij, concluded the statement.
If you look at other ethnic groups even the elderly send them to the polling stations to exercise their rights and I want our people to take the example of other ethnic groups in this regard especially that now the sick and the elderly can vote even from their homes or bedrooms.
It also shows that instead of encouraging the residents of the border areas and the affected Khasi Hima, the NPP has treated them like dewthala and insulted them all,” said the Seng.
The total number of cases has risen to 3,54,065, of which 1,55,227 have been confirmed, 1,86,935 have been discharged from hospitals and the death toll has risen to The total number of cases in the country has risen to 11,903, according to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
“The MKHC, with careful consideration, has introduced the UCC Act, which has destroyed the unity of India in terms of culture, religion and way of life. brought and started.
The time has come for the election authorities to call those who are willing to testify.
Amend : means Amend-aiñ because any goods that are old and worn out and no longer fit for the time should be amended or repaired so that they can be used again.
"It's not the old days or the old days," said Santa.
Across India, attacks on Christians and places of worship continue and increase.
August said Ajay, Fullmoon and Atom Dey were the main midfielders at the time of Blue Max, although Ajay was better at playing. , but the shut bo method is very strong and strong.
“We have already connected with all the remaining States of the North East.
He said that the time has also shown the importance of cooperation with other countries, whether in the delivery of medicines and medicines or in the bringing of their own people to their country.
Pleasantly Synnah, coach in charge of West Jaintia Hills, said that the preparations for the tournament have been a short period of time. well, but we tried our best to get them to participate.
The cultivation of sohphlang is easy but the time to grow is too long and farmers can cultivate only once a year.
Our Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum people are one of the smallest and most unique people in the world.
A total of 92,453 samples were sent for testing today, of which 89,162 were negative and 774 samples are awaiting results.
They said that this type of drug will cause many kinds of diseases ranging from TB to cancer.
Deputy Commissioner, WJH BS Sohliya was the chief guest and distributed the prizes to the winners while DSO Khroobok Passah distributed the second prizes.
“In parts of Pithoragarh, the Lipulekh-Tawaghat road, about 45 km above Dharchula, near Lakhanpur, has been flooded to a distance of 100 km due to the landslide.
The contract for Kynshi Stage-I was signed in 2007 while Upper Khri Stage I & II was signed in 2012-1
Seven members of the KSU have been arrested in connection with the railway protest.
Therefore, China sends its navy and air force to the sea and surrounding areas of Taiwan to show that China owns the island. chapter.
It is hoped that the reintroduction of Sohlah Ltot will bring in abundant yields and will help to preserve the traditional food system despite climate change.
These Head Officers said that this matter requires an investigation and requires an investigation so that it will be clear in the manner in which the NHM has used this amount of money spent by the State to fight against this disease.
No cases have been confirmed in our state, but the next four months will be very special months for our state to stop the spread of this disease. pain.
Meghalaya managed to score 137 runs for the loss of seven wickets in the 34th over but Baroda managed to score 137 runs for the loss of seven wickets. This is the ron of 200 ron.
The mawiong is found in the shaba.
Unfortunately, he did not explain what other job he would give them better than the government jobs.
At the same time, the court also ordered the convicted robber to pay a fine of T.3 lakh to the relatives of the victim.
“Until 15th November we will give time to the government to pay our salary, otherwise we will immediately close down the office of the Commandant Home Guard,” said the Volunteer COVID-1
Shillong, Lber 01: Although the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma, recently said that the appointment of Chairman of the Government has not affected much as it costs only Rs 12 lakh per month, but the documents received show that elsewhere.
The FKJGP leaders said that the party will search for those involved in this immoral act, but before they find those involved in this act, the FKJGP urges those who have left but if they don't go, the union, when it knows, will break the niut and they will break it in the house of those who came. throw.
However, the opposition party is still hoping for something after the arrival of the newly appointed AICC Speaker Dr CP Joshi who will arrive in the city on 5th November.
KSU Laskein Circle President Balawan Suchiang said the KSU strongly opposes the Assam Government's plan to build a Police Outpost in the area which still falls within the Meghalaya border.
Another requirement of HANM is that all those ethnic groups who have received Scheduled Tribe certificates should write in Khasi and Garo as one of the subjects in the Meghalaya Board of School Education.
Speaking to media, the Minister said that according to the Performance Grading Index (PGI), Meghalaya has increased by two positions. has made rapid progress in the field of education.
The bill was passed into law in the Lok Sabha on 8th July
Last month, the Kashari High Court, Meghalaya, has criticized the state government for failing to provide for the needs of government hospitals, where most of the time, there is a shortage of medicines and doctors including the hospitals. Shillong, June 07: The CSWO (I) through its President Kong Irin Hujoon has strongly condemned the actions of a robber from Lad Sutnga village of East Jaintia Hills.
This appeal for the benefit of the residents has been successful.
When contacted by many filmmakers and actors, they said that the problem they face is the lack of cinema to screen their films and the lack of assistance from the government. He is confident that in the next few years the film industry will be one of the sources of income and employment opportunities for the youth in the next few years.
“Together we will be able to bring peace and stability in the beautiful state,” Shah said.
Officers will visit the polling stations on the 17th and 18th to the polling stations.
He said that we should strongly fight against the attempt to change one religion, one country and one language in the country, and to stand against the attempt to abolish the destruction of freedom of worship according to you believe.
On the other hand, Kwerin Mukhim urged the Assam police to investigate and arrest the people involved in the robbery.
Replying to a question raised by the NPP MLA from Sohra, Gavin M Mylliem at the zero hour, Prestone said that there are no complaints against the incident.
This order to close this road will come into force immediately until further notice.
Besides Yoosar, Joanstar Kharbuli, president BAM and other members of BAM were also present. .
Tripura Chief Minister Biplab Deb today said that there are 141 new cases.
In the women's category, Heiniwanki Nangbah (Nongkynrih) came first, Darishisha Tyngkan (Nongkynrih) won the second prize and Apwyrta Dhar (Mulum) won the third prize.
Spokespersons of candidates shall speak only on the grounds and good intentions of their candidate, but shall not criticize or accuse without proper grounds against other candidates or political parties. earth.
“It is good if the members of the Opposition force the government and we as the government will take the time to take a decision as soon as the Prime Minister arrives in Shillong,” she said.
The places in Ri Bhoi at that time were frightening and therefore called RI BHOI. In the same way, the word 'WAR' means 'THEM' or 'LHUH'
We are that generation that saw the rise of that Tree (Israel).
This road, which is currently under construction, will lead to Soomer Mihmyntdu Jowai and is about 7.997 kilometers long.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Dorbar Shnong, Ri Bhoi District has decided to hold a general meeting of Rangbah Shnongs at Umsning. Think about many of the issues of the Dorbar especially the order of the Meghalaya High Court and the law issued by the State Government not to allow government employees to become Rangbah Shnong.
He said that the people have faced a lot of problems especially the patients and other passengers who pass through the present Umiam Bridge.
In another order, the District Magistrate has issued a micro containment order at Joseph Nardini Seminary, Ummulong after no cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed.
In the remaining five months, it is not far for the candidates to prepare and he is confident that they will do well.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Renikton expressed his gratitude to the two teams Rangjadong SC and Mawten SC for reaching the final round where they have shown that they have shown that they have achieved their goals. They have developed their skills from passing, goal attempts and other aspects of the game.
Ryntathiang said he saw that many political parties are not clean and straightforward and this has led him to refuse to join but only the HSPDP through Ardent Basaiamoit, MLA Nongkrem. This shows the cleanliness and presence of the President of the party who has not yet signed the agreement, Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh.
In the past few days, we have heard that there is a report that Meghalaya is one of the poorest states in India.
“I am happy in the papers but I am not happy on the ground,” Tudu told reporters.
He said that these actions, at the time of arrest, prevent those who are arrested from being able to defend themselves in court.
The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government has approved the establishment of the Directorate of Forensic Science Laboratory in the State by separating it from the Home (Police) Department.
“After the approval from the CM and the management of the Central Zoo, we will be able to open it to the public for visitors.
On 23rd June, the leaders of the HNLC together with its ksiang Bah Sadon Blah held a meeting with the media to inform that formal talks between the HNLC, the Indian government and the HNLC. The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government will hold a meeting in the first month of July.
This is the song of the Khasi.
The Minister in charge of the welfare of the indigenous people of Arunachal Pradesh, known as the Department of Indigenous Affairs, Arts and Culture, Er.
Speaking to reporters from Jaintia Cement, they said that the water supply in Sutnga District is very low and it is no longer suitable for drinking and eating in Sutnga District. times to come.
The Seng urges all the Members around the Khasi Jaintia Hills to think carefully in their workplaces and villages to ensure that there should be no person who especially foreigners to enter our country and also to work with the Village Authorities to expel such people through the SLO of the Seng.
Shillong: Syndai Twain has reached the final of the 20th Riwar Cup Invitational Football Tournament by beating Pyrdiwah 2-O at Madan Bakur on Saturday evening. social welfare sports club.
Since the launch of the Commercial Coal Auctions in June 2020, 4 tranches have been completed.
Therefore, the union has warned them not to come to these areas and sent them back to their respective places.
You cannot say to the churches; Don't protest because they have the right to protest and this is because of the inability of the MDA government to work. The law is for everyone, the law doesn't apply only to the political parties.
The Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij 12 Doloi strongly condemns the actions of these enemies who have lost their sense of humanity and the Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij 12 Doloi cannot forget what happened. On the 11th of July 2017, during the funeral service of Bah Kulam Nongrum, President of the Sengbah Nongshat Nongkhein Hynniew Skum Hynniew Trep, They have destroyed the traditional religion, which still holds the “Khasi religion” in the land of the Hynniewtrep people.
These teachers, who are facing this problem, have even threatened to hold a protest to demand that the authorities take action against them.
The Delimitation Committee shall be headed by a judge of the District Council Court or a Magistrate.
He said this shows that the people have started to trust the party and remove the feeling that it is an anti-Christian party.
He said the steps taken to address the threat of Anti-Microbial Resistance (AMR) should also be commended.
The heat is no longer limited to the morning or afternoon, but continues into the night.
So I would like to ask...will the UCC fulfill Modi's wish?” asked Rev.Kharkongor.
“It is amazing that we can still save him,” said Dr. Saikia. He said that the rod that hit the man had distributed parts of the blood vessels. lungs and other parts of your body.
He said that according to the report sent by the referees and the match commissioner, Stimac was sent off, but the report has also been sent to the Disciplinary Committee of SAFF. “This incident should not have been referred to the Disciplinary Committee because he did not do anything wrong.
After sowing and sowing in the fields, in the second month of June, the next task is the repair or roofing.
(5) and when he can no longer thank, Satan will lead the wicked to destroy the holy city (vv. 8-9).
Sail said that because the money has not been received, Aryan Khan has not been released on bail.
The CoMSO demands that the government should call for talks with the protesters and the government should listen to their demands and ensure the rights of the employees of GVK EMRI by giving them increment and arrear. employees and other demand issues.
Therefore, these subjects in school cannot give the answer whether a child is stupid or stupid, and we should not praise a person for being stupid just for high marks or stupid just for. because you got marks 04, 05, 08,
For this great task of thinking and creating opportunities for the development of our country in its lifestyle, in knowledge, in its Khadar system, it was decided to hold the Dorbar of Ri Khasi. all... on September 4-6,
“The people especially Mawphlang have known who Bah SK Sun is and how I have worked during these four years as a leader of the people.
On receiving a tip on the incident, the Khanapara Police Station rushed to the pump to investigate.
Shillong: U Bah Ernest Mawrie, President of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), on Tuesday said that the Assam Government has proposed to introduce a Cow Protection Bill. The BJP Meghalaya said that the ban on slaughter of cows in Assam has made it clear that it will not affect Meghalaya at all.
AICC President Rahul Gandhi today alleged that the removal of Alok Verma as CBI chief yesterday afternoon was because he had started an investigation into corruption in the CBI. purchase of Rafael jets.
The Minister also visited one of the beneficiaries of the MHIS (State Scheme) at R&R Colony (Rynjah, Shillong) and had a briefing on the scheme.
“I have no doubt that the NPP will lead the government again and I have no doubt that out of the two NPP MLA candidates from East Jaintia Hills District, Santa Mary Shylla will win the post of Minister of State,” he said. , said Dr. Sankey.
When the Babylonians through King Nebuchadnezzar ruled so powerfully, God's servant Habakkuk became angry and distressed to see the oppression of the people, especially when they were led by the Babylonians to worship idols. .
“We will not accept anyone to speak or explain to our villages regarding this project, and we will also inform that we will not allow anyone from the government or company to inspect or survey the project. According to a letter sent to the Prime Minister, the JAC said, “We are confident that you have received information that we have provided you with the necessary equipment. Petition against the construction of the Dam on the Umngot River, which we have sent to various departments of the Government, including the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board. and conduct a Public Hearing.
Of these, 109 have recovered and have been discharged from hospital.
Whataapp no.
Khlurkari was seriously injured and was taken to Civil Hospital, Shillong. Police arrested Dao.
After this, these members were honored at a function held at the community hall in Sabahmuswang.
The price of feed for goats and sheep is 2650 to
There are 966 cases in the state and 602 cases in East Khasi Hills.
To confirm this, when contacted, the Minister of Urban Affairs, Ampareen Lyngdoh, denied that there will be a replacement of the prime minister's department and she has no information yet.
(WARNING DETAILS).
“I will discuss this issue with the Cabinet to build a monument to the great men of the state,” said Bah Hamletson while laying wreaths in memory of Tirot Singh at Madan Iewtynghep today.
There are 14,11,775 Khasi Khara.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Passah said that they had planned to meet the CEO but unfortunately they did not meet him because he does not have an office.
But does this mean that the nation comes first and God comes later? No, we don't think so, but this is because even though people have their own religious beliefs and can see that, they can't see God in them.
He said the Congress has been able to send MPs for decades and the people should allow the RDA this time by electing Bah Robertjune to lead the Shillong parliamentary constituency in Parliament.
However, the surprising thing is that when the road has been repaired, it is exactly like a ryngwiang khwai from the bottom and the farther away it gets smaller.
First of all, we demand that the government should ban all foreigners and foreigners from entering our state.
The question now is – How can we follow Jesus?1
The government has called for talks with Bah Ardent's group after he came out to protest against the MUDA's announcement on the construction of houses outside the Municipal area which has caused problems to the people. However, on the part of the Rangbah Shnongs under the banner of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs (SKRS) from urban and rural areas, MDCs like Bah Sanbor Shullai did not agree with the proposal. Bah Ardent's acceptance of the MUDA land plot outside the Municipal.
“I'm glad you said that,” said Kynsai.
They broke all the doors of their bungalow.
Shanlang Diengdoh, General Secretary of FKJGP-NKHD, said that the absence of a C&RD Block office in the area has created a lot of problems for the residents of the village. years.
Individual prizes along with T.5000,000 including Best Drummer and Bassist were won by Andreas and Mayson of Dymbur. Emperical Tribe won the Best Song of the Competition along with the Best Vocalist.
Speaking at the ceremony, Dr. Balajied said that the Raid Shabong has given a clear decision in the election to win the son of the owner of the Raid.
She also said in the complaint that the firearms of the SDPO at that time, the SI and the SWAT police who were present at the same time from West Garo Hills and North Garo Hills, who raided the area, were seized. time, was not sent to the FSL for examination, which could indicate who shot the two youths at that time.
In fact, an MP is elected to speak in the Lok Sabha or Rajya Sabha.
Where are the wild beasts, the wild beasts, the wild beasts, and all the wild beasts that can no longer be seen or named here? There are also many kinds of fish that swim in the shallow waters and the flowing waters of small or large rivers to breed and lympat pylleng to grow their young. ? Why do the fish farms across the country struggle to catch and cut only the `kha-bah' imported from Andhra State? What happened to the fish that are sweet in our country such as 'kha-triang' and 'kha-lad' which are 10 feet tall and 10 feet tall with shalynnai toh-pynïeng (which cover the patlun panjama phong thiah) which Do you eat and drink thousands (thlop shi thlop) to fill the hole or fill the paron? Why did the bluesheng, the blue kha-saw and the shngiam doh kha-saw die in the Umïam pond and why did the kha-ski, the kha-puthia, the kha- snad of `kha-bseiñ' as well as `kha-babia' and 'kha-tungkra' in the waters of the rivers or in the fish markets? How fast the Khar birds or the Khar parrots grow, why do the Kha-nongwei or Kha-Dkhar birds grow and breed happily not only in the Umïam Pond or in the private ponds but also in the They are the land of Hynniewtrep.
The Home Minister, accompanied by Ma Nujorki Sungoh, Local MLA, was able to discuss the map in his office to establish a more suitable location.
As a child he attended St. Edmund's School, Shillong and after completing Class X he went back to St. Peter's H/S School, Shillong.
He said the government encourages self-employment.
Continuation The Kongthei began to ask Lanosha, “Where are you going today, Lano?
Shillong, Jymmang 28: U DP Senior Working President Bindo M Lanong on Tuesday said that the UDP is a small state and a small ethnic group. It also tries to bring unity among all the ethnic parties in order to hold power in the state.
Argentina's victory in the World Cup came after 1966, when the country won the title.
Head Ambrose Hills Myna, 5.
In this regard, police are conducting investigation and searching the rooms of the building owned by Akhil Ahmed in Jhalupara.
He said that according to the statistics of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the mortality rate of high risk pregnancies is high in the state.
These days, if you leave home without carrying or forget your phone, you have to go back home because if you don't have a mobile, you can't go to work.
The UDP has claimed to win easily from Nongkrem constituency led by HS Shylla, Mairang constituency led by Equator L Nongrang, Mawthadraishan constituency led by Jambor War and Wankupar Syiemlieh from Sohiong Constituency.
The BFI has urged the MBA to send a letter of invitation to host the tournament with detailed information regarding the venues, accommodation, food and drink, transportation and other for the players.
Of course it depends on each person's understanding of the Covid vaccine but we should not believe without knowing the truth or misleading others.
Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, Kong Matsiewdor War Nongbri (IAS) Deputy Commissioner, Shillong was also present at the opening ceremony. another Officer.
Make-up was directed by Andrea Shadap and produced by Ri Syndong Production. Drone was directed by Alvin Timung.
There are also nature excursions, camping, and boating in Umiam.
Has this party really stood firm on those principles? In the past few days, we have seen the clashes and handshakes between the UDP and the Congress where the new President of the Congress, Bah Vincent Pala strongly criticized the UDP for misusing the Ministry of Home Affairs by collecting money illegally from the highways by setting up gates in all areas.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Nartiang Area Unit on Saturday donated a Krong or a place to take the bodies of the deceased who are still in the traditional religion to the Nartiang Dorbar Shnong.
The Principal Secretary said the government will hold another meeting with the religious leaders in the first month of November.
After they had eaten, all four of them became very sick until they almost died because of the sudden headache, severe weakness and blindness in their eyes until they almost lost their sight. sudden coldness and fever all over the body.
Wut goes to the bedroom and cries alone there.
It is also a step for social justice," the Prime Minister said.
So if we today, don't work now to protect our nation, who else and when? The peace and freedom of the nation in its own country, even if it is poor, is much more precious than the development of the country which will steal it all from us.
Besides Evadahun Shisha Rani, who will lead the Legendary Warrior Combat Team in the Straw Weight Category, other MMA fighters who will take part in the tournament are Feathrel Massar. Moderkai S.Kharpuri will compete in the middle weight category, Lumshyiap Sports and Cultural Club will represent Lumshyiap Sports and Cultural Club in the middle weight category. Johny Nongrum will compete in the Main Event.
Police have arrested Denish and the investigation is ongoing.
Atal Bihari Vajpayee, Prime Minister of India, has passed away today.
He said that as the union, the employees do not want to say or criticize the management of the land, because it belongs to the government and those involved in it, what they want is only to receive their salary, which has been suspended since 2013 until now.
The new cases include EKH: 14, NGH: 1, RBD: 1, WGH: 3, WJH: 1 and WKH:
Bah Metbah also called for the cooperation of all for the development of Meghalaya.
The government is preparing security measures; ways to find out how to heal.
Conrad K Sangma said the program will start on the 21st July at 11 pm at Jawaharlal Nehru Complex and only about 3,000 people will be allowed to participate in the programme. It was also decided that according to the rules and regulations, only 30% of the participants will be allowed and out of this 30%, people from all over the country will be allowed to participate in many of the programmes. and all districts will be able to participate online in the same programs of Shillong.
It is learned that these drugs were smuggled from Nongjri village in South West Khasi Hills.
Ferdinand Suchiang, a renowned martial artist from Jaintia Hills, wants the Youth Policy to include contact sports (such as Boxing, Kickboxing, Karate, etc.) in schools. demand it especially for young women to protect themselves from violent people.
During the visit, Rev E Nongpluh, Pastor in charge and Rangbah, MC Rymbui, Secretary of the church, said that the church is very old. place and designed by the British, in which the church has always been one of the beautiful churches.
On the other hand, the Minister said that it is very difficult for them to clean or revive the rivers if they do not get the support from the central government.
He urged to take care and clean the school so that it will benefit, not only now, but every day for the children.
The existence of markets in the suburbs has been discussed for decades and many governments have tried; However, many problems arise because the people are afraid to go to the market and for that reason, the markets in the outskirts of the city are closed.
“These children who have been helped by Childline Jowai include those who have been raped, those who have been abused at home, those who have strayed and those who have run away from home,” said Director of JHDS Father Manbha Pakem.
Recalling the target of Prime Minister Duh to provide employment opportunities to the youth, Birla said, “In July 2022, Prime Minister Duh reviewed the number of employees in all departments and Ministry and directed to recruit up to 10 lakh people by the Government through mission mode in the next 15 years.
After the break, Rangdajied started to fight by kicking the ball forward and thus they had more chances to score.
Please inform me that a husky dog ​​called Max or Maxie has disappeared at 2 pm.
Then it was posted at Mokoiram village which is only three or seven kilometers from the Outpost at Khanduli.
Shillong: Six candidates will contest the mid-term elections in Shella.
It is learned that these factories are owned by four owners, who were nearby and at the time of the incident, the Chowkidar tried to extinguish the fire, but after seeing that he could not and he fled from the injury.
However, after the defeat of the Congress in Meghalaya by Dr. Mukul Sangma and 11 MLAs to join the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) after the appointment of Bah Vincent H. Pala as President of the MPCC, Bah Jana has also disappeared slowly and the Congress has also split into two parts, with some leaders joining the HSPDP. Shillong, July 06: The Sohryngkham Pyllun Youth Wing (SWH) has been elected as the Sitting MLA of HSPDP and Biolinda Lyngdoh Nonglait of the NPP. The World Environment Day 2022 has been marked by an awareness program today on the theme “One Earth”.
When asked what led him to form this group, u Bah Kyrshan said that in the past there was an elderly man who lived in 3 Mer who was called Padit named Bah NS Jyrwa. The old man used to get up at 4 o'clock or 4 o'clock in the morning and clean the area near his house every morning.
In a letter to the SP, UDP East Khasi Hills General Secretary Bah Hamletson Dohling said that it is shocking and shocking that women are being raped and killed from time to time in this country. This problem is the responsibility of the police to address otherwise people especially women will lose confidence in the police.
Similarly, in Himachal Pradesh, the people have re-elected the Congress party which used to give freedom to minority religious groups to do whatever they want. party has not been recognized anywhere in India since independence.
Criticizing the incumbent MLA of Pynursla constituency who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Suting said he has not done anything regarding the farmers in the constituency.
They said that before approving, they had looked at the dress, but when they looked, they said that it did not match the price of the Hima compared to the goods.
In Raid Nongtung Block II, there are 17 villages and the total population is not less than 7,0
The residents said that they used to come to Mawlasnai on the market day to buy and sell pet, but today, the Assam Police have not allowed them to come.
During the search, police with the assistance of the Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF), seized four soap boxes containing heroin weighing 50.37 grams.
In this age of ours, women and men marry each other without counting the blood of the mother.
Regarding this incident, the residents of this village have expressed their deep sorrow over the army's behavior and harassment of the people and affecting their dignity.
When asked whether there were any fans of his songs who came to meet him to encourage him; “There are some of my friends who often come to meet me, who see the condition of my body, I can't even go to the kitchen,” said Sun.
This is stated in a letter sent by DD Shira, MCS, Joint Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Power Department on 31st June 2022 to the Director (Distribution) of Meghalaya Power Distribution Corporation Ltd.
Informing this at the 'X' on Thursday, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the Ri-Bhoi Police have been able to curb the sale of illegal gold. steal from Meghalaya.
“The shortage of nurses has forced them to work overtime and this has been a problem for them,” said the general secretary of MGNSA. They met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, on Thursday at his office.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) in Ri Bhoi District today handed over a donation of T.1 lakh to the Chief Minister Relief Fund. Nongpoh, which is also a partnership with the government at this time to fight against the COVID-19 pandemic.
The winner of the tournament, Vulcans, who lost in the final, was also awarded a cash prize of 10 lakh tyngka to the Vulcans. Striker XI has won a cash prize of 50,000 tyngka.
He said the states should reduce their purchases from abroad and should increase exports and also use these products produced by the states themselves.
The contribution from the State Government is Rs 10 crore less than Rs 2 crore and the remaining Rs 7 crore has been spent by Rocksi.
“I will continue the dharna in front of the metro until the robbery stops,” Banerjee said.
This day reminds the Catholic faithful that man is nothing and that when he dies from this world, he cannot take anything with him.
God also calls us to be the light of the Christian life in our journey.
Not only the meeting, but in fact the High Court has already said that this work should be completed as soon as possible and if not, the court will do the work itself.
His body was taken to Umkyrpong East Jaintia Hills, the village of his husband, and the funeral service will be held tomorrow.
Wanjop Sohkhlet and Riskhem Khonglam performed songs for the spectators who filled the stadium, followed by dances by the children of the area.
Khliehriat, March 9: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) under the leadership of its President, Bah Streamly.
However, the ethnic parties like the UDP which have been sdien may still sdien and other ethnic parties will snoh rdin as much as possible, except the VPP which has clearly stated to clean up. and the wickedness that was broken was broken.
Former Sordar of Mawkamoit Village, Grosspar Pariong, while talking to reporters, said that the residents of Mawkamoit Village are very strong in the cultivation of sohsaw and From the production of sohsaw from the villages in the area, thousands of kilos of sohsaw have been marketed across the country and even in Shillong.
The DoNER has allocated Rs 15 crore for this project, said the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
Speaking on the occasion, the leaders of these Puja Committees extended their special greetings to all the Hindus who came to take part in the puja and to hold the puja successfully for the sake of and that thanksgiving may be given to those Gods to receive that blessing.
Various sports such as relay race, spone race, musical chair, sack race, arm wrestling, football and others were held at the festival.
There are eight candidates in the election, including Marcuise N Marak (NPP), Deborah C. Marak (INC), Mahamsing M Sangma (UDP), Sengbath R Marak (Independent), Lahatson N Marak (Independent). , Santosh R.Marak (BJP), Siljong R.Marak (Independent) and Jan N.Arengh (Independent).
On this basis, while there are no laws to protect the Hynniewtrep people, the party cannot accept the railway line in the State as a whole.
In the complaint, police named the woman's boyfriend, Mathew Scott Brenneman, as the suspect involved in the murder. own inside your own place.
She said that besides her son, her 4-year-old son also has the same disease as her son.
The residents were urged to follow the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and wash their hands, wear masks, follow the training when sneezing and sneezing and not to throw garbage unless found to prevent the spread of the disease. the spread of Corona Virus.
At least 2,400 civilians have been killed in the Ukrainian city of Mariupol.
It includes administrative activities, social activities, customs and ceremonial activities.
Speeches were delivered by Lakhon Laloo Secretary Seiñkynjei and Careme Phawa General Secretary Panaliar. plague.
Behold, I come quickly; and my reward is with me, to give every man according as his work shall be (Rev. 22:10-12).
Almost everyone feels that time has passed and they don't understand how the days are passing.
But this is not at all good.
The Office of the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, in collaboration with the Office of the District Sports Officer, Jowai today organized a marathon.
In another incident on the 10th of this month, two persons were killed in two places.
Besides, he said that the beauty of the valley which he was able to visit nearby made him decide to try to do something.
The meeting was attended by the Waheh Shnongs of various villages in Block-I along with the residents and all of them expressed their desire to return to Meghalaya.
The people should remember that when a candidate is elected as an MLA, it means that he is the MLA of all and not just of those who elected him.
In West Garo Hills, there are 108 cases.
"He said the power sector in India has gone through transformations aimed at providing efficient, affordable and sustainable power to the people of the country.
He said that so far the government has spent billions of rupees to pump water to search for the victims.
Tbn.Olando Kongwang, who was also a Khasi Healer and Healer in Umsyiem, Marbisu and Amlarem, passed away on 27th December
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) together with students from various colleges have come out to demand that the state government should deliver the food to their bank accounts which has been waiting for a long time.
Finally, with the surrender and resignation of Tirot Singh in 1833, this Ri Lum was completely destroyed and the construction of the road continued after the death of Tirot Singh. Mawlyngtriang via Umkhowai, Umshore, Nongrmai, Madan Sohphoh, Mawshut along the Urksew River, Langstiehrim, Lum Marlong, Mairangthem to Umsohkhlur. Mawmaram, Umsophreit and continued to Sohiong, Mawdung, Mawkhotep, Rangshken and Umtyrniut.
He said that this place is the property of the District Council and the construction of this traditional shlem was after the Monolith Festival which was held at Lyngktop Square in Mawphlang in .
Nongpoh: The State Bank of India, Umsning, Nongpoh, has been temporarily closed from today to the 22nd of this month.
AAY – 5 kilos per head (No PISA payment required) (ii).
But Jesus' coming was not what the Jews expected.
Shillong, July 12: The GST Bill was introduced by the Minister of State for Revenue, Zenith M Sangma in the Legislative Assembly. .
Why don't you write this, at the time of the first hearing of the Dwarksuid, the High Court had imposed 20 tons.
Ronnie V. Lyngdoh said that the existing laws should not be implemented while the state is waiting for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) by the Central Government.
This may happen to those who have many lands or those who have lands but do not have enough people to cultivate them.
Kolkata Knight Riders (KKRs) captain Shreyas Iyer has withdrawn from the Indian Premier League (IPL) season. this year and also in the World Test Championship Final.
"We will soon come out and announce our decision on this issue," said Bah Charles.
He said that their victory has brought honor to themselves, their family and the entire community and with their victory it has been a great pride and encouragement for the management. of the association to be able to lead and guide the youth in various sports.
After the Prime Ministers of India and Bangladesh signed a memorandum of understanding to resolve the ongoing border issue, Meghalaya will receive 241 acres of land while Bangladesh will receive 41 acres.
Laban Bengalee Boys' Higher Secondary School (LBBHSS), Shillong on this occasion has secured the first position in the Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC) examination. The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) has issued a statement on Tuesday.
The Deputy Commissioner, Jowai has sent an inspection to the SE PWD (RDs) to inspect the landslides in the area of ​​the Myntdu River.
Singh said many people from the North East used to say, “Why not bring the North East closer to India”. “Why don't you bring India to the North East?”
“If they set salaries like this, I would like to say that even the interest should be paid because when you set the salaries of people, they have to take money from here and there and they have to find out how to survive,” he said. she said.
Speaking on the allegation that the VPP has mislead that if the Reservation Policy is changed, all the youth will get government jobs, Bah Ardent said, “We have never said that if the Reservation Policy is changed, “There are many jobs in the state to employ everyone but the rights we should have should not be lost just because there is a shortage of government jobs,” he said.
Finally, the article does not mention or oppose the English language or any other language.
He said that he and Samkhamti are ready to promote sports like football and cricket and recalled that in 2020 he and 11 others have support Ryntih Sports Club in their trip to Bengaluru for the I-League qualifiers.
Acknowledging the many opportunities in the tourism industry in the region, Sangma said, “Tourism is one of the industries that ensures that we can create job opportunities for the people. young people looking for work every year.
In another match, Chelsea beat New Castle 2-1 with Pedro scoring in the 9th minute and Willian in the 57th minute. Claran Clarke scored in the 40th minute.
From the first day, CEM Pyniaid Sing Syiem has promised that after two months, he will visit the people and the border,” said Charles.
The Jews or Israelites have rejected Jesus to this day.
Meanwhile, the DC said that the land owners have no right to stop the signboard and if they do so, he will send troops to take strong action.
“Now, when you have tried to extinguish the fire because of the demands of the people, you will see that the man who has been empowered according to the Constitution of the country has added more and more wood to the fire. "It's too late," Sangma said.
Police will fight as hard as they can to rescue the suspect and will continue to search for the suspects.
I saw on Facebook that a man named Joyful Bahdeng wrote to me, "To Ex.Rev.K Langrin, Seiñduli, West Khasi Hills District.
In the second match, Kynshu Mawria Group beat Rahjingshai DC 1-0
He said that as a leader in the district he has seen the hard work of Bah Lee Bareh and he deserves to get the ticket to be the BJP candidate from Jirang Constituency because he is a person who has a close relationship with the leaders. Jirang Mondal, as the District Leader, would like to extend his support and request to the District Leaders to allow Bah Lee Bareh on the BJP ticket to contest from Jirang Constituency. .
The State Government has announced to reopen urban and rural schools from 1st April 2021 and the decision is that schools in urban areas for classes 1 to They have to go to school and continue with online classes and for classes 6 to class 12 they are allowed to open schools and go to school every day while schools in rural areas schools from class 1 to class 12 were allowed to open.
At least 260 members of the KSU from 36 units have selected only 10 members from each unit in Lum Jaintia Hills.
The welcome speech was delivered by the Deputy Commissioner of WJHD Bah BS Sohliya, while the welcome speech was delivered by the Deputy Commissioner of WJHD Bah BS Sohliya. Project Director PK Boro, on this occasion, also distributed piglets and cows to the farmers of the area.
The theme of this year's celebration is “Universal Social Protection to End Child Labour”.
He encouraged the participants to have the spirit of struggle to win and bring glory not only to the school but also to the country and the nation.
According to sources, the incident was discovered by the neighbors this morning at about 11 am and the neighbors immediately informed the incident. The villagers immediately informed the police who rushed to the scene.
From these places, the water level rose steadily along with the wind blowing to the sky.
The State Government has implemented schemes to facilitate communication.
In fact, the people of Sohiong constituency were supposed to vote on 27th June, 2023 along with 59 other constituencies, but the polling was postponed due to the death of the former Minister. HDR Lyngdoh, who is also the candidate of the United Democratic Party (UDP), said:
Many political leaders including the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, other government ministers, MLAs and MDCs, DC, West Khasi Hills Bah Garod LSN Dykes and other dignitaries.
The HNLC has made it clear that this is a golden opportunity for the government to bring about a fair and transparent dialogue and the HNLC has said that it is ready to come to the table of dialogue. .
If you don't accept the true birth of Jesus, you lose everything.
Speaking to reporters, Janggam said politics is one of the areas where the party sees that it may be able to achieve their demands.
According to a statement sent by the President of the KSU Western Border Area, Samla Receive Pator and the General Secretary, Bah Lumjingshai Sangkli. There is a slow influx of foreigners, who come to smuggle through as contractors but there are also those who come to trade as shops and other activities.
“I demand that the Government should punish those involved in this incident.
It was not until 5:15 pm on the 31st of July that the Assam police recovered the body.
The problem is that during the voting process, we the people vote for the same selfish candidates.
He said that the Assam police did not follow the rules of law when they arrested people from Malangkona village in West Khasi Hills recently.
This was confirmed by the DC of East Jaintia Hills, who said that the Navy and NDRF have been working hard on the incident at Khloo Ryngksan.
The road in front of the secretariat has become a sleeping place for teachers and even for passers-by, but no meeting has been called by the minister. and it is clear that the prime minister has not yet taken any decision.
If we hadn't taken the initiative to go and follow up, we would have been able to reach the ninth and fifth battalions and this would have helped to provide employment to thousands of young people.
He said that this time I don't have to speak, because all the jobs in Ri-Bhoi are from other districts, other friends from other districts will say that Dr.Bom He said that the Office Memorandum clearly states that and as an MLA he will also hold a meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs and Sengbhalang on this issue to demand that there should be screenings from the time of the election. press the application.
Lambokstar said that this shows that the State Government does not want to arrest or expel the foreign nationals who have entered the State.
In the 3rd Division, Nongbri SC beat Wahumlawbah SC 2-0. Bankitlang Nongbri scored the first goal in the 3rd minute and Samborlang Marbaniang (59) scored the second goal for Wahumlawbah SC. .
Five years is a lot of years to be in power and in these five years it has been a lot of good if you want to work and if you don't want to work it can be a lot of bad,” he said. UDP Youth Wing Eastern West Khasi Hills MLA Metbah Lyngdoh said this while confirming the office bearers of the UDP Youth Wing Eastern West Khasi Hills. District which was held at the ground floor of the Seng headquarters at Mission Mairang.
However, these Block Offices have not yet been fully staffed and there is still a lot of delay in the working methods, due to the lack of appointment of various staff and many other requirements.
Disparsing said that the government in the offices of Executive Engineers in the districts will not apply the 40% recruitment quota for Khasi and Garo but 80% for the Khasi and Garo. full residents of that District.
Lastking Warkhyllew scored the first goal for Sohryngkham in the 27th minute to make it 1-0 in the first half. in the second half to score 1-1 goals.
However, it is necessary to think that the lives of the villagers should not be affected and the destruction of the environment should not be affected by coal mining or other activities,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
According to Bah Shanpru, in fact the government should have set up a thew from the source to avoid the problems in the thew ka woh but this has not been done by the government.
The MSOA on Friday held a meeting with the various sports associations that will take part in the tournament.
As a young football lover, he used to play in various competitions in the state which at that time Meghalaya was still under the rule of Assam.
However, for unavoidable reasons, it had to be held one day before the celebration.
“As soon as the district administration of West Jaintia Hills has spoken to Assam, the Chief Minister has spoken to the Chief Minister of Assam and Assam has ordered the police to withdraw from the area. The police have left,” James said.
Other MLAs who won the elections were Stephanson Mukhim (India), Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit (HSPDP), Metbah Lyngdoh (UDP), Pyngshngainlang Syiem (Congress), HSPDP, Sanbor Shullai ( NCP) and Bah Brolding Nongsiej (UDP).
The meeting was conducted by James Sylliang EM Elaka and CEM HS Shylla explained the purpose of the meeting.
Shillong, Naitung 13: U Bah Andreas Lyng, son of Bah Rajon Synnah of Moolaber village, was shot dead on Tuesday morning.
“Earlier, Mawhati MLA Charles Marngar, while bringing a brief explanation on the news, “Allegation that KAAC is collecting fees from farmers in Border Block II”, said He expressed his surprise to read the news that the KAAC is collecting taxes from the farmers and urged the Government to take action on this issue.
Nongpoh: U Samla Mec Lyur Lyngdoh, former Lyngdoh of Raid Bhoilasa, Mylliem Hima, has taken over the Khet after the retirement of Bah Polestar Lyngdoh, former Lyngdoh of Raid Bhoilasa, Hima Mylliem. I have been serving this Raid for more than 50 years.
Coolin said the action was taken after they learned that he had been promoted and transferred.
If a trunk dies, the trunks are taken out and thrown into the water or buried in the ground, concluded the farmer who tried to monitor the lives of the elephants.
The KJCLF has urged the Government of Manipur and the Government of India to end the conflict in Manipur and to find other ways to bring peace.
U D.H.Pde urged others to take care of these trees so that they can grow and make this place a beautiful place.
Speaking to reporters after the swearing-in ceremony at Raj Bhavan, Chuba Ao said the BJP does not say anything on corruption, but will discuss it. in the formation of government and to work together by consensus to run the government.
They should know that there are women in their homes and if they remember their mothers and sisters, they will never think of these dirty thoughts,” said Ajmal.
It is therefore demanded that the work should be stopped immediately.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: Nagaland cricket team beat Meghalaya by seven wickets in the U-23 men's tournament on Saturday. long in Sovima, Nagaland, today.
It has already been reminded that we will face these challenges and that it was not conceptualized by those before Shillong grew like this and so far.
No one can replace the most precious Kamram of the Father and the Mother.
Ed), has released the new salary for the month of June this year which is equal for trained and untrained teachers of 19044/- for Lower Primary teachers. and 20493/- for Upper Primary teachers.
They also said that the throwing of the dead cow into the river by the enemy has been an act of enmity and without thinking of others and especially the people in the Nongpoh area, who have to throw the dead cow into the river. use the water from the river.
Sangma's name has been approved by all the MDA-II coalition partners. The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, which has 59 members in the 60-member House, has been appointed by the MDA government. -II has 45 MLAs in the synroplang.
Sahnud ia u UN Sun because we don't know where he is and what happened to him because no one has told us exactly about him yet. Don't know about this great God of Khasi Hills.
According to her, it is not useful to have only clothes or a house but it is also necessary to know more important things like association, the need to take care of oneself and others.
The actress, who has watched the works of these three actors, found them to be good and felt that they have worked very hard to make their films beautiful and attractive to the audience.
If the government appoints ksiang within six months, the union said it will not call a curfew on the 15th of July which is the Independence Day of India.
One person was injured in a shooting incident at Von Tobel Middle School in Las Vegas, the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police said on Tuesday.
Our laws often end in plain text and if they end only in plain paper, who can be afraid but through this present law, it will intimidate those who are involved in this field and the recent incident in Bhoi has awakened the “We cannot implement the PITNDPS Act 1988 without an Advisory Board,” he said.
SSA.Amlarem Block gave a speech on the issue of special schools for children with disabilities.
He also won from Songsak constituency led by NPP MLA Nihim D Shira with 13,280 votes while Dikanchi received only 4154 votes.
The BSF has also held many meetings with the Bangladesh Border Guarding Force to maintain friendly relations and to strive to resolve the issues affecting the residents in these areas.
Shillong, July 06: Congress leader Rahul Gandhi, who is preparing for the Bharat Jodo Nyay Yatra, will arrive in Assam on the 18th of this month.
The virus lives in the blood of patients, and this causes anemia.
In the first half, Lajong had a chance to score from the penalty spot but Samuel Lalmuanpuia could not score after Mohun Bagan goalkeeper Shilton Paul saved.
The Bangladesh Football Federation (BFA) has tried to bring in Leicester City midfielder Hamza Choudhury to join the Bangladesh squad for the 2026 FIFA World Cup Qualifiers. and Oct.
The couple had divorced earlier and before this reunion, they had to talk to each other five times and one was on Christmas Day. Jennifer's home, known as the Bel Air Mansion, and it was after that, that they appeared together on the 19th of July to show that they were united again.
He also expressed his gratitude to Mr. Pyndap Baang Muksor who through him has been able to bring about such a training which can benefit the youth.
Speaking to reporters, Medical Education Minister Vishwas Sarang said, “The Cabinet has approved to implement the Madhya Pradesh Maoist Surrender, Rehabilitation Cum Relief Policy 2023 with the aim of creating jobs. jams and opportunities to provide support to the Maoist terrorists who have gone to surrender in the hands of the law.
Because as we have seen and heard even until now, China has not explained or accepted that the Covid-19 virus came out of China.
If this policy is followed, what will happen in the future is that many government jobs will be filled by Garo who have not registered since
The Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has passed a Resolution to include the Khasi and Garo Languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India from 27th November
Lapang said that those who have been imprisoned who are members of the HSPDP who fought for the Hill State, are like Tirot Singh, and it is an opportunity for him to talk to Bah Hoping whom he studied with. stay in a hostel in Jaiaw.
Dilute : dilute means to dilute the drink with water to dilute the strength; byrsieh is not to be filled with any wrong thoughts to deceive in the way you want.
Many schools have started school gardens in their schools, where the children have been able to eat healthy, clean and healthy food in their midday meals.
The secretariat is the only place where we as the Sengbhalang from time to time demand issues affecting the nation”.
On Saturday, the minimum temperature in Shillong was 25.9 degrees Celsius, in Sohra it was 28.7 degrees Celsius and in Umïam it was 31.6 degrees Celsius.
The robbery of this man by the robbers is like taking away the right to life of his wife and children who have to rely on their husband who is the father of the household. .
Like any disease, there is no single cure, some people take Khasi medicine because they say there are no side effects, while others take French medicine; There is no single cure for national diseases.
The church was founded on the 15th of July, 1965 by one of the Elders, Bah Paila Pyngrope.
Earlier, when asked whether there is an arrangement for the area (Khasi and Garo) with the most MLAs to elect the Prime Minister, Prestone said, “ We will contest first with one strategy and after we get the magic number of 32, 33 seats, the elected members will elect a new leader.
Heimon will be treated at NEIGRIHMS, Shillong.
The Minister said that the steps to take forward this issue will depend on the leadership of these two men who have been appointed as ksiang.
“I have known Ghulam Nabi Azad well for many years and we have been prime ministers together and we have talked, even before, that I should become prime minister when Azad was in power. he is not a politician and he is also very fond of farming.
Nongpoh: The Dorbar Pyllun of Erpakon Village in Ri Bhoi District, has decided to expel all foreigners living in the village, including those who stay abroad, those who come to work and those who come to work. The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, has convened a meeting with the village leaders of Erpakon at the Conference Hall of the DC's office in Nongpoh. The meeting, the village leaders, women's organizations and youth organizations of Erpakon village, raised their voices and confirmed the principle decided in the Dorbar Pyllun village, which is to expel all foreigners. who are inside the city.
On the same day, the Dorbar Shnong Chilliangraij as part of the Centenary Celebration of Walieh together with the Art of Living West Jaintia Hills held a tree planting ceremony with the participation of the children of the village and members of the Art of Living. West Jaintia Hills.
I am sure that many of the readers of the newspaper will still be alive to witness this jubilee celebration.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, his wife, children, relatives, friends and the residents of the state have prayed for the survival of Bah Tiklu. unfortunately.
Besides, the original snaps and the maiñ of the Khasi youth have been lynsher destroyed by the stupid people who think from the powerful.
They can also occur when the body breaks down old cells and makes new ones. If this acid is too much, it goes into the kidneys and is excreted in the urine.
The Zestfest Meghalaya started on the 14th and will end on the 17th November
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Namdong Area Unit has decided to close down the Namdong CHC after finding out the poor performance of the hospital.
In Khasi-Jaintia, the election of MLAs has been divided between many political parties while in Garo Hills, one party has been elected and that is the NPP. Garo won 19 seats while Khasi Hills won only 8 seats.
The BSF has congratulated the Meghalaya Police for taking part in the raid and said that such raids will continue in the coming days with the aim of curbing the activities. smuggling and robbery on the India-Bangladesh border.
Guwahati: Karbi leaders Jagatsing Engti, Pradip Diphusa and Charisma Rongpipi along with 680 BJP workers from Assam have joined the Congress party in Diphu on Tuesday. to god.
Shillong, October 09: Mawthengkut MLA Witting Mawsor has strongly opposed the government's decision to set up two weighbridges at Mawpun on the same Shallang-Athiabari road in West Khasi Hills. distance of 12 km.
On the other hand, the JSM strongly condemns the robbers involved in the rape of a young girl in Khliehriat (east) EJHD. attention should be paid to this phenomenon.
Of these 10 bags, 8 bags were marked with xerox copies.
Mawrie said that Defense Minister Rajnath Singh has announced at the National Executive Committee meeting in Delhi on 13th July 2023 that the term of office of National President JP Nadda has been extended until 24 July 2024.
“We cannot just send a notice without paying anything to the Council,” said Bah War.
On the first day of the festival, there were dances from various organizations, screening of a film about Lum Sohpetbneng, Nai Khadsaw Synïa and Lukhimai competition and many other programmes.
On the same day, another child from Jojwa village in Byrnihat area, who was said to have contracted Taro disease, was rushed to the hospital by her relatives. church to send prayer to the same Father and who was healed after the prayer of that Father.
He acknowledged that it is a fact that the influx of people into the state is high and it will also affect the people of the state if it cannot be prevented.
They said that if the BJP government in Assam does not come to power in the MP election, it will find it difficult to continue.
At the meeting, Congress leaders including MLAs and MDCs, allowed the village leaders of the area, to express the problems they have faced in the past years. Therefore, I would like to urge the village leaders of the area to express their concerns, especially that the area has been neglected and especially that any MLA or Minister of State should visit or talk to the village leaders of the area. region.
The reason why Bindas came to sit alone in front of the additional parking lot is to demand from the state government to build and improve the road Nongpoh, Umden and Sonapur. now for about 15 years.
Shillong: The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSU) Central Body led by Ma Leningstar Rymbai today in the presence of Vice President Ma Deijuhi Siangshai, President Ma Sports Wings Ma Shnalad Rymbai and others. Some members of the company went to stop a company known as Indian Oil and Gas Agencies Ltd at Jalyiah-Khliehmyntriang village.
According to the Minister after the Cabinet meeting today, the government has directed the state law department to review the rules and regulations regarding the High Court order. If you get a proper reason, you can take it to the Supreme Court.
Daphilabet Kharbani, 1st Semester, Nongstoin College, said, “I really want to become a singer so that I can showcase my talent.
Nongpoh, March 24: Taking part as the chief guest at the Cultural Program of the Sixth Conference of the Union of Catholic Elders, Zone-VI of the Shillong Archdiocese which ended on Sunday at St. Mary's Secondary School, Nongkhrah, MLA Nongpoh Constituency, Bah Mayral Born Syiem has urged the parents to take responsibility to work together for the eradication of drugs and other illegal beverages. many young children of Longïing Longsem in the District and in the State as a whole.
According to the government, the curfew is no longer in the state, but in these few villages, why has it been closed without allowing even the farmers to go to their farms? The two organizations also complained that when the border markets are allowed to open, the same opportunity should be given to the people.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has expressed its regret over the emergence of memes on social media, questioning whether the party office was built by the same contractor. new council house.
However, Skhemtriang Pohti after reading the letter refused to accept the letter and for that reason the villagers said they did not know and blamed the Dolloi.
He said that the union has spoken to all government departments whether it is PWD, PHE, Water Resource and other government departments. only those who have connections with MLAs or Ministers.
The union has no objection to the reopening of kyaid shops, but the union feels that the government and the district authorities should have taken care of the needs of the people and especially those the poor households, who support their families by working in the morning and eating at night, who are also the people who need to have shops selling beverages in the district.
Look at New Zealand and Taiwan, how these countries are fighting against this invisible disease (COVID), until we get a cure.
Anuska Majhong, U18 Event- High Jump.
Por is the son of (L) Pynthymmaibor Nongtdu and Yobi Lytan and husband of Sawanka Passah.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 13: Until these days, the Assam government has been harassing the Khasi people including the elderly, women and youth living on the border.
On the other hand, Ma Vincent Pala said that the members of the District Congress Committee and the Nongstoin Block Congress Committee should not be stingy even after the victory in the last MLA elections.
The days passed, and after six months in the morning, she was surprised to see that while she was walking around the field, Bah Bor came to their house.
He urged the people on the border to come and register their land within the Council so that their land will fall within the boundary of the state.
Samlin said the purpose of joining the NPP is to have one party to rule the government.
This road has been constructed by M/s Rodeka Enterprise,” said Bah Dkhar.
Shillong, June 07 : U MLA of Mawkynrew, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, who is also the Minister of Agriculture, on Friday distributed more than 100 M-Tabs to the students of the area at a meeting held at Holy Cross Higher Secondary School, Mawkynrew in the presence of the Principal of the school, Fr. Anthony, teachers and students.
I strongly condemn this shooting and injury by the robbers and along with others I also condemn the irresponsible speech of the Deputy Chief Minister who appealed to the rally organizers to restrain their children.
APP PRO Rohit Rajbir Singh said that during the three days of curfew, the state police have arrested 120 people involved in the riots, but have been released. and after a few hours.
Therefore, as employees who have worked hard and who have worked forward in the field of health, especially during this time of fighting against COVID-19, we should oppose the state government's decision. The ASHA workers have decided to stop working completely while their demand from the government has not been met.
In West Jaintia Hills, there are 2 cases including one high risk and one under screening.
On Thursday, the wife of Bah Marbaniang, Kong Chaleth Pyngrope, said that she has lodged a complaint at Nongpoh Police Station.
The MLA has donated the school bus at a cost of Rs 10 lakh while the school building has been constructed at a cost of Rs 8 lakh under the Special Rural Work Program (SRWP) 2022-2
He said what is the law of the central government that prevents the implementation of the Mining Policy of the state.
That is why science seeks truth, proof.
On the price of fish, he said it may increase because during this hot season, many people eat fish and the price will be checked tomorrow.
Speaking to reporters, the MP said that he had visited the toilet of the superintendent or dean and found that it was dirty and that the bathroom was not clean. For many months, the remaining toilet, the children, has been locked and the women's toilet is full of garbage and liquor bottles and around the hospital, there are many He requested the Chief Minister of Maharashtra, Eknath Shinde, to take strong action against the Dean, who is in charge of the sleeping pigs and many other animals. the hospital and the superintendent of the health department.
On the goal setting, the Prime Minister said, “We have set a big goal, to achieve it and set a higher goal for ourselves.
“However, the company will take three months to complete the work and now they have started the work and will try to complete it as soon as possible before the rain.
Speaking at the welcoming ceremony, Dr. Evarist Myrsing said, “I am saddened and pained to see that the people of Mawhati constituency have been left behind. Mawhati is still one of the most backward constituencies in the state,” said Dr. Evarist. He added that as a youth from this constituency, he has decided to contest this election from the BJP. The party is on the basis of change.
HANM has demanded from the relevant authorities to restrict the traffic of heavy vehicles and to rebuild the bridge.
The party will not hesitate to watch on these issues and we will continue to fight as long as we can but if we cannot the police and the authorities of the Meghalaya government will have to take responsibility, because the time will come when we will not be able to fight anymore. Talk to the government authorities,” said Pauldeep Tongwah, President, KSU Mawkyrwat Circle.
According to media reports, in the past, when there was a need to promote the Home Guard Police, there were times when they were sent for training and those who were good at the training were selected according to the number of jobs available. He said that there have been cases where those who have been able to do the job have been invited and they have been lined up where the authorities have selected the best candidates to enter the promotion. position.
The celebration of the International Day of Yoga around the world is a sign of the desire of all people for health.
Miss Cherry Blossom 2017 Sookini Sutnga, Simi Khongtiang, a filmmaker in the state and Hundaka Lhuid who has participated and won beauty pageants in the state and abroad were the judges.
Those who sin on that day will be destroyed.2 Thess 2:8 “...... to him that knoweth not the law.
St Paul's HSS School has won 12 gold, 4 silver and 12 gold medals. 12 bronze medals.
Israel has now gained the title of super power among the Gentile kingdoms.
Shillong: Every year, the government collects more than T.1 crore from team shops across Meghalaya.
Manik Das and Eugene K. Kharsyntiew took two wickets each for NEHU Shillong.
Purno Sangma of the NPP and Neiphio Rio, the Chief Minister of Nagaland, were not present at the swearing-in ceremony. He resigned from the post of Prime Minister and went to the Lok Sabha.
In a statement, BJP General Secretary Bashailang Khongwir said the party strongly condemns Mukul Sangma and the Congress government for its violence in inaugurating the Umtrew Hydro Project without permission. pay the land rent to the owners.
"Even though the Chief Minister of Telangana has offered to join the NDA in case the BJP offers to seek the support of the BRS (formerly the TRS) in the GHMC, the Chief Minister has rejected the membership of this party in the synrop group.
We have approved and the money is yet to be released".
Nongpoh: The Raid Marwet through the Marwet Sohjer Committee, today completed the four-day Lehniam Sohjer and Knia Ka Khriam at the Baridua Stadium.
Earlier, Bah Ardent, while introducing this motion, expressed his concern over the spread of drugs in the state which has affected the youth and the society in these days.
J. Treilang Suchiang, MDC JHADC from 16 Shangpung Constituency, Nujorki Sungoh, MLA and Vice President of the party. and Lahkmen Rymbui, Working President of Youth Wing Meghalaya.
Email:cshangpliang@gmail.com.
Allan also recalled a conversation between Panbor and his mother, Morgan Lyndem.
“PA Sangma was first elected MP in 1977 and I proposed to the party to nominate him and since that year, he has won the election until today when he passed away,” he said. said Marak.
The news of Hamsaia about the mluh has spread so quickly that it has spread not only in Shillong but also in the rural areas.
Starting the discussion, North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum said that the state government should lodge a complaint against the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi and the Minister of Home Affairs. Amit Shah on their statement on Meghalaya.
“Although it appears that she has said that her departure from the party is due to the negligence of the older leaders, we want to invite her back to resolve any issue,” he said. , said Bah Hima.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, the Prime Minister said that according to the decision of the court, people who have mining lease licenses can They have to pay 100% of the stamp duty from 50% of what they have already paid.
Shillong, Nailur 25 : All the MDCs of the Opposition have left the House to protest against the passage of the Second Amendment Bill,
Shillong, Jymmang: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, has issued a one-time donation to the families of those who have died of Covid-1 In case of death due to Covid-19 occurs before 20.03.2022, the relatives who wish to apply for financial assistance should send the required documents to receive this assistance within 60 days from the date of death.
He said that there are many squares, community halls, youth clubs, bridges and roads which have only names and nothing has been found.
The treatment was held at Dawki Market where the residents of East and West Jaintia Hills from East and West Jaintia Hills come to buy.
Charlie said that the party has no objection to the government or the Forest Department, but the government should also consider giving land elsewhere to these farmers. longkmie who own shops now in this place.
He now sells sohphan products from various shops across the state.
Shinde, from Pune, where he was present to inaugurate many projects, left for Delhi, while Fadnavis left for Delhi from Nagpur in the evening. of Sunday.
Wasa Utd continued to win the Super Division Football Tournament after beating Mynthong 1-0 in the first leg of the 2013 FIFA World Cup qualifiers at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Saturday. .
Unfortunately, the line starts from the slip issuer at the counter and goes outside.
The award ceremony was attended by SK Baruah, Executive Director, Lemli Loyi, General Manager and Prithviraj Neog, Assistant Manager, NEDFi at the Grand Hyatt, Goa on the 5th of this month.
The NHAI should close the Ialong (Pasyih) or Lumshnong toll gate within three months.
Perhaps one of the issues that has raised the profile of organizations like the RSS is that the Khasi-Pnars who still hold to the traditional religion have associated themselves with this organization.
This was announced in a statement by BL Nongbri President and Franky Lyngdoh General Secretary.
Therefore, AMDA requests all the MLAs and Ministers to discuss in the dorbar synrai the problems of the youth of the state as many of the youth have become involved in various crimes especially drugs.
MPs from Meghalaya do not support what MPs from West Bengal say about the Jura issues in relation to Meghalaya.
Shillong: The coal reserves in Meghalaya, according to the Geological Survey of India (GSI) on 01.04.2021, are 576.48 MT. ), no information has been received on coal production in Meghalaya in the last 4 years.
The BJP has also admitted that it suspects that the increase in the price of petrol from T.280 to T.400 per litre, which is up to 35 percent, has been involved between companies and politicians. The Congress is in this state.
The B20 Conference of the G20 Presidency has given Mizoramban a golden opportunity to showcase its heritage and tourist attractions including traditional games, statues, sacred places, beautiful hills, sanctuaries. beast.
The Union of Muktiars under the banner of the Khliehriat Bar Association (KBA), has held an advance Christmas program with talented people at the headquarters of the Ephphatha Society at Ieng Swer Memorial English School, Dkhiah West. monday.
The CEM said that if the government releases the money late and if the KHADC cannot implement it on time for the development of the people, the government should take responsibility.
“Their invitation is just to dance, there is no message we can convey on peace and unity of the country,” he said.
The film was shot in Shahlang, Tura, Nongstoin, Nongkhnum, Smit, Umiam, Nan Polok and other places.
The High Court of Meghalaya Bar Association (HBA) has convened an emergency meeting on Tuesday to discuss the letter of arrest of the two lawyers. lawyer.
The Khasi Hills consists of 25 Himas which form the Federation of Khasi States.
Bah Pariat urged that we should reduce the cost of vehicles but strengthen the provision of loans for business as it does not help the youth who have jobs to start their own businesses.
Mukhim praised the village of Nongbareh Lyntiar for reviving this traditional dance.
In this age of knowledge I believe many will support and agree with this.
However, this is only a ploy to run the railway to Khasi and Jaintia Hills and gradually the Government will run the passenger train.
The question now is, do we need to come out on polling day to elect leaders who will deceive and deceive us? If the 24th wins the 36th, what good will it do us to elect leaders to serve us the citizens and the nation when these others are ready to see that they are busy day and night only in it serves for its own benefit and goes up and down.
In this age when young people are focused on the pleasures of the world, parents should be vigilant and careful not to let their children go out, party or have fun. and their friends because it is on these occasions that their children are dressed in shrip made by friends whom they trust and love.
Shillong, Nailur, 01: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHITO) on Thursday demanded that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHADC) should consider and revoke the trading licenses of foreigners who have received no objection certificates (NOCs). from the R&R Colony Welfare Society, Rynjah.
According to Gaurav, the Supreme Court is not the one that can look into corruption and the people who benefit from it and cannot look into all the shortcomings in the purchase of fighter jets, but you have your own rules of procedure.
Dkhar said the UDP has tried to bring all the parties together to fight against the Congress in the upcoming elections.
“The purpose of this visit to Switzerland is to accelerate the implementation of the Shillong Ropeway project which has been allocated Rs 140 crore with the financing of the Asian Development Bank,” he said.
Live in good hope, that the goal of hard work may be reached.
At the same time, the party strongly condemns the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma for failing to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state and his refusal to allow the authorities to come more and more to this state.
The group also questioned how a person without proper knowledge of education was appointed as Controller of Examination (COE) by violating the appointment rules.
The FKJGP congratulated the orphanage and said that it will create opportunities to provide assistance to the children living in this orphanage.
As the Leader of 1-Nartiang Constituency if he wins again he will become the Minister and this is a great benefit for the constituency which is like buying one get 3 free because up to 4 or 5 MLAs are from the same family.
In the last quarter final, Madankynsaw Mookyndeng beat Da-I-Hi Mynsngat 1-0
He said that as of now, many of the jobs are very low and the people of the state do not have even 20%. You should not spend money to set up jobs in this state if you cannot provide jobs to the state residents.
These measures aim to preserve the soil and empower the Mother Earth.
He said that this article shows the indifference of some people, which puts pressure on the lives of the people and said that this is happening well in this state, in that those who have more money, walk and stand as they please, while only the poor, who have to think for themselves, from this disease.
Therefore, regarding such incidents from time to time, the Seng urges the people living on the border to love and respect each other, without causing trouble. any kind of feeling differently.
Let us see what the government will do in these days and in the future so that education will be truly for all and not just for those who can afford to pay.
Rejecting the demand of the teachers to meet Dr Laloo, he said, “I don't believe in promises, but I believe in works and I can't just promise teachers without doing the job. .
“Even if there are many struggles in life, as young Christians, we must be strong and courageous in the work of the Lord as well as in the community and the country,” said Pastor Sumer. young man of the Church.
Shillong, Jymmang 9: The KSU Central Body led by its President Daniel Khyriem and General Secretary Auguster Jyrwa today met with the Minister of Labour. Ampareen Lyngdoh in her office and the meeting was to seek clarification from the Minister on the performance of the 39 Labor Inspectors appointed by the government.
The Urnar View Point, run by the Sharailang Co-operative Society, has been constructed and beautified from the viewpoints, roads and others through the Chief Minister's Special Development Fund 2019-20 at a cost of Rs. T.2.50,000 thousand under the MGNREGS scheme at a cost of more than T.9 lakh.
It may be recalled that the leaders of the Joint Committee of civil society and various organizations in Mawlai have demanded that Ampareen should apologize in writing to the committee leaders and also to the books. However, as of today, all these demands have not been met, as the journalists have not been allowed to enter the meeting room or the Minister has not sent a letter to the leaders.
However, Abraham Lincoln, as a leader, a leader, a leader, fearlessly replied, “It is not only for me to win but to hold fast to the truth.
Shillong: The announcement by the Central Government to implement 33 percent quota for women in the Lok Sabha and Assembly has upset many MLAs, lest their constituency go to women.
Tengsak said that according to the information received by the union, those who can enter the post need to complete an M.Ed degree but this person has not completed his BeD but has been appointed.
He said that the income of the people is very important.
It is prohibited to charge money through a service charge or through any other means.
After receiving a tip that some groups were smuggling stolen gold from Shillong to Guwahati on 24th July 2022, police conducted a search operation on the main road in Nongpoh near the Police Station. .
However, the word Baptist has been translated into many meanings.
Police have recovered 1.35 grams of heroin and several injection needles from these youths.
The award ceremony was held at Vigyan Bhawan, New Delhi in the presence of the President of India Droupadi Murmu.
The BDO said he has received a report that there is a dissemination of development works through MLAs, MPs and others from schemes released by the office of BDO Laksein which do not match the accounts and places where the money has been spent. government which has misled and misled the general public.
Similarly, an Incident Command Post, Medical Camp, Relief Camp, Camp Unit, Food Unit and others have been set up on the ground floor of the Mini Secretariat Complex, Laitlawsang.
On Tuesday, Phule admitted that Lord Hanuman is a Dalit and said that Dalits are called shrieh and ksuid.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 168 people have been confirmed with the virus and 1891 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
MACC leaders have explained to the people to think carefully in order to bring about positive change through the voters and not to sell their votes to politicians who will contest from different political parties. and to explain how to elect the right leader for the sake of bringing about change and developing the community for the future.
Jowai, Naitung 30: The Jaintia National Council (JNC) has expressed its deep sorrow over the action of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) on the installation of an Entry Taxes Gate inside the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (JNC). Khanduli Village, West Jaintia Hills District.
The turnout was 23,566 voters and the percentage was 79.92%.
“It is unfair that the Council has decided to divide the villages under Laitkroh without taking into account the opinion of the people and its action is unacceptable,” said Bah Carmel. when you bring an amendment motion.
The Ministry of Education, the State Government has been conducting the Tobacco Free Educational Institution (ToFEI) program in all Districts to reduce the spread of tobacco sale in the State.
Bahula was burned in the evening at about 10 o'clock in the morning.
Hesia Lato, DFO Social Forestry Division, Bah M.Kharsyntiew, MFS, Assistant Conservator of Forests, NGOs such as Aaranyak including Dr. Dipankar Lahkar and Pranjal Deka, experts Dr. E. Khongwir and Mr. S. Dey from the Meghalaya Biodiversity Board were also present to participate in the programme.
The Minister said that the signboard works for 6.11 km in the Dhubri-Mankachar area have not been completed yet as they are lowland areas.
The Chief Minister said that Amit Shah has promised that the Government of India will act fairly and protect the rights of the people of Meghalaya.
If this road is complete, it will bring great benefits to the residents.
“Our nation is not one to mushlia others but if the violence continues we will not hesitate to shed blood,” he said.
“The defeat to Chennaiyin is a blow to us but we will try to encourage the players.
“In the past five years and until now after the old government took over, the people of the state are still living in fear.
The ICC said the 10 teams to participate in the tournament have been divided into two groups of five teams along with the local team to hold the tournament. Zimbabwe, West Indies, Netherlands, Nepal and USA have been placed in Group A; Sri Lanka, Ireland, Scotland, Oman and UAE will be in Group B. Each team will play against the other teams in their group only once along with the three teams. The top three teams from each group will qualify for the Super Six and in this tournament, the teams will play against teams they have never met in their group stage.
At the same time, the SNSBH requests the ADCs to urge the Government to take action on the order issued in the media on 17th November 2015 and the Union urges the ADCs and the Government to take action. They should have an understanding on this issue to free the people and the state as a whole from this problem.
The death toll in the United States has risen to 1,500 in the past 24 hours, according to Johns Hopkins University, the highest number of deaths in a single day worldwide.
This will be based on their ability to serve while serving for four years and about 25% of the Agniveers will be recruited in the Army.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Pilastar Nongsiej said that the purpose of leading the NCC students to trek in this area is so that the children can learn how to climb the high mountains and also the Walking is also one of the ways to avoid diseases so that the body can be healthy and strong.
KHNAM also urges the state government to introduce a legislate for the employment of the youth of the state in offices within the border of Meghalaya, especially for Grade IV posts in order to reduce unemployment among the youth.
The clothes, bedding, or bedding of the sick person shall be burned.
He said that many of the Ak rifles and four other weapons were hidden in the Durama forest.
“I cannot withdraw the words I have spoken because as a leader I have the freedom to speak,” said Bah Ardent when the Speaker sent to withdraw the words he used to accuse the Minister. Rangbah has misused his office.
Conrad said the discussion was on the problems faced by the people in the villages regarding the implementation of schemes and the support that the Ministry can do in addressing these issues. trouble.
In this regard, the delegation led by the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, visited Bangladesh from 5-8 November.
In his speech, he said that through Dr. Sutnga's presentation of his plans for the 100 bed hospital, Bah Carness as an MDC has given his full support for this plan. To improve this health center is not only for the benefit of one or two people but for the entire community who need health assistance.
The District Magistrate at the request of the District Health Department has declared a micro containment zone for the factory and has closed the entry and exit of the factory from midnight from 8th September 2020 to 11th November 2020.
““We also request the Assam government to be kind and listen to us because we don't demand the whole Block II but only these 18 Khasi villages and please let us fall within the border of Meghalaya. "““We have requested the government to fight for the recovery of these 18 villages of the Raid Nontung of the Hima Khyrim which have been forcibly transferred to Assam because we as the residents want to “It's a good idea to have a clean slate in Meghalaya,” said Bah Blikstar Sohtun, Chairman of the Union.
There was a missionary of the London Missionary Society named Rev. Jacob Tomlin who came to Khasi Hills in 1837 and he stayed in Sohra for about 9 months during the reign of Rev. Alexander. ? Lish is still in Sohra.
He said that at this meeting, nothing has been discussed with the villages involved as the work will start soon.
Why do I say this because if the admission forms can be sold elsewhere, there is no problem for anyone to buy many at the price of the school and sell them back at a lower price to other students.
Shillong, March 21: The Meghalaya Arts Award has been launched by the Department of Arts and Culture.
Speaking to media, HNYM President Bah Louis Dohtdong admitted that the reason for the blockade of trucks carrying through the Umïam Damsite is that the Damsite is weak and if it collapses, the Umïam River who will be the head.
Not only that, in this regard, the Seng will also send a letter to the relevant authorities to take action and take action against these bridges so that they will not be destroyed. bring up any unpleasant experience.
The tournament was organized by the Nginiong Primary Unit.
Jaipur, July 1: The defeat in the Lok Sabha MP elections 2014, has shocked the top leaders of the Congress party, in which it has been seen that almost every day the top leaders of the party have been expelled. The party has suspended its other leaders from different states for criticizing the party's Vice President Rahul Gandhi.
The Government has decided to conduct the medical examination for MBBS and BDS of the State Government from the Central Pool or a special directive from the Central Government.
Besides, if there is a disaster, those who will be affected will be the poor, the rich, the poor and those who earn a living because everyone knows that this is the time of Christmas and New Year. There are many expenses besides having to pay for the bicycle.
Police are investigating the cause.
Matthew 24:37.
Nongpoh: Johnny Nongrum of Byrnihat, one of the prominent wrestlers in the state and also the Sports Secretary of the KSU NKHD Unit, has won the main event of the Indian Wrestling Championship. Fighting series, which was held in Lucknow on the 22nd-24th of this month.
The KSU said that what is surprising to the KSU is that in this sub-centre even the medicines for the people to use when they are sick are not available when they go to get medicine or treatment in this sub-centre. the center.
Hek also acknowledged that the implementation of MHIS-IV has increased the number of beneficiaries as hospitals across the country have accepted MHIS-IV. In July 2019, 41,728 people have applied for MHIS-IV at a cost of Rs 30 crore and 33,535 people have received assistance worth Rs 22 crore,” he said. and Hek.
“It was late and Lydia, despite many thoughts about her relationship with her beloved, fell asleep.
Regarding the sudden suspension of the promotion examination for the Home Guard, Rupang has learned from sources that it was after receiving a complaint from Lum Garo, but till now it has not been confirmed. this is your complaint.
For more information, please call 9863560668, 9615093166, 7005616459, 87310, 64993,
Then again, as far as I know, until the 11th.
Shillong, Lber 09: U Mylliem MLA and Chief Whip, Bah Ronie V Lyngdoh has slammed the health department which should provide health services to the people but itself is a sick department.
Shillong, Lber 28: The 27th General Assembly of the Seng Khih Lang will be held on the 18th, 19th and 20th June, 2014 at the Sein Raij Ialong, Doloi Jowai, West Jaintia Hills. you Lyngkien Square.
In order to invite the people to the public meeting, SD Khongwir explained how to unite the nation by telling a short story below – Once upon a time King Akbar (Mogul emperor) killed a line on the ground and called in experts to shorten that line without touching it.
Police under the leadership of Superintendent of Police (City) Bah Vivek Syiem immediately rushed to the scene to conduct an investigation.
Also present on the occasion were NPYF President Kitborlang Nongrem as the chief guest, MDCs Macdalyn Mawlong, Victor Ranee, Bajop Pyngrope and former Umsning MLA Jason Sawkmie.
He said that he, who founded the FKJGP later, still has the spirit of the KSU because the KSU has produced many leaders from political leaders to various leaders.
Tens of thousands of Muslims have gathered in the eastern Bangladesh city of Raipur to read verses from the Koran in a bid to eradicate the disease in this country.
Shillong, October 2: The Krishi Vigyan Kendra (KVK), located at 5mer, Upper Shillong, has completed the interview for the selection of employees on 7th October
Three persons have been arrested for the loss of 56 9mm pistols and 58 magazines from the Manipur Rifles camp.
It is wrong and misleading to base culture on other grounds.
Evanki Shylla MBOSE- 60.00%, K.B Memorial Sec.School, Wapung.
Buromlangki Salahe scored the first goal of the tournament. Mukhla FC have secured a place in the quarterfinals of the Invitational Football Knockout Tournament.
Josua said that he would now stop working as a mystery coffin maker and decided to build a new church in the village with the money he received from which is the precious stone.
The DC started the swearing-in ceremony at 10:20 am.
NEHUTA, on 13th June 2021, strongly opposed the continuation of Prof. SK Srivastava at the university and decided to lodge a complaint with the higher authorities and take strict action against him. Shillong: Prof. XP Mao President and DrMM Khymdeit, General Secretary, NEHUTA. Shillong: Vincent H Pala, MP from the Congress party, said in a statement. He expressed his hope that the Congress party will be able to form a government in Assam, adding that the people of Assam have rejected the former government led by the Congress party. Speaking to reporters, Pala said that the election in Assam is a fierce contest in which the Congress hopes that this time it will win. will come into power.
However, they have stood firm to bring fame and glory to the State.
Also known as eye flu or pink eye, this type of eye disease is easily transmitted from one person to another through direct contact with infected people. Symptoms of this disease include redness, swelling, watering of the eyes, blurred vision, inability to see clearly and cover the eyelids during the morning.
“India is a multi-religious country and all religions will live in freedom and peace and the BJP will ensure this,” he said.
Sohan said that if the state is created, the GNLA will surrender within three days.
Shillong, Jymmang 29 : The HSPDP today decided to raise the issue of the State Reservation Policy with the Chief Minister and also at the meeting of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance.
In the semifinals, Bethany Society beat FABB Kolkata 4-0 and NESBFC Arunachal Pradesh beat Moran Blind School Assam 1-0 to reach the final.
Out of the 162 candidates, 79 are independent candidates, while the Congress is contesting in all 29 constituencies, the NPP (26), the UDP (14) and the BJP (6). while the NCP and GNC are contesting only four seats.
Four of these MLAs are Banteidor Lyngdoh, Hamletson Dohling, Jason S Mawlong and Gavin Mylliem, Independent MLA Lambor Malangniang and Saleng A Sangma MLA of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP). ).
New York: US warplanes have struck Iranian-led Muslim rebel camps in Syria.
SK Lato, MPHF, President Rotary Club Jowai.
They also took part in the protest for the implementation of the Lok Ayukta or the appointment of a Lokayuk in Meghalaya.
However, until today since the passage of this decision by the State Legislative Assembly, the four former Forest Ministers (2000 – 2017) of the State have not been able to resolve these issues of the landowners and forest owners. Lakmen Rymbui, Minister of Forests Meghalaya, who is the Minister, said that he will take action to address this issue.
In this regard, it is learned that officers of the Tourism Department recently visited the site at Mawmluh Village for the construction of this helicopter landing strip.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung, 14: The office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of Eastern West Khasi Hills District has announced to all households in the district that the ration shops have been distributed through the ration shops under the National Food Security Act. 2013 for the month of May
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The High Court has fixed two months to hear the PIL of the CSWO against the allocation of land at the price of T.1 tyngka per sq ft to government officials in Shillong Thymmai at Mawdiangdiang.
You are killed.
Pantun said that protests in democracy have a right but protests should not cause injury and loss.
Speaking on the beginning of his relationship with Bah Hoping, Bahduh said that he began to be with Hoping during the 2008 MLA elections in Nongstoiñ and After the election, he said that Maieid became a minister and took him to Shillong and held the post of minister for about a year and during that time he said that he worked as a private PA. of Maieid.
Regarding the appointment of new EMs, the leaders of the three parties said it is up to the CEM how to arrange.
There were 8 Kurs who took part in this competition including the Nongbri, Kharumnuid, Nongrum, Nongspung, Mawthoh, Kharbikhiew, Songthiang and Kshiar.
He said the struggle for independence from Assam has been going on for almost 50 years and this statement by Prestone has been an insult to the leaders who fought for independence. your state.
There is also a hostel which can accommodate up to 75 students and these students come from all over Meghalaya to prepare themselves for the UPSC examination. India has come to provide training to students either online or offline.
Photos have been posted on social media of the bodies being buried together in Kang District, in eastern Afghanistan.
Zenith suggested to the government to build another road to Shillong.
During the meeting, Abraham praised the talents of the children from this state.
New Delhi, Jymmang 9: U President Prabha Mukherjee today said that he will not go to the polls this time because he wants to be a man who does not discriminate against anyone. too, in this election campaign.
In a tweet criticizing Salman, one person said, “You stupid, why are you hiding your own personal affairs.
Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh, Cyril Diengdoh, Director of Tourism, Linus Lyngdoh, Lyngdoh of Raid were also present at the inspection. Nongpoh, the longsan mansan and other elders.
Above the statue there is a square area and there he has carved a stone in the shape of a Khnam, a Ryntieh, a stieh.
Reading newspapers is a mental and physical activity that can lead to the health of children.
He said it is true that the South West also needs adequate medical equipment.
Banteidor said that in his constituency in Mawkynrew, the Congress supporters have followed and been with him until these days except for a few members of the party.
“I have worked as an MLA and as a government minister in the state for many years.
Declining to comment further, Dr. Ampareen said, “We have to have a mission, we have to look after ourselves, you can't just say no or say yes.
Meghalaya has reported 776 deaths from COVID-19 with five deaths on Saturday.
The main reason behind the success and transformation of these poor children in their lives is the contribution of Babu Kular Khongjirem who was not only a teacher but teacher, guide and encouragement to them not to lose hope or give in to their poverty and suffering.
He said the Election Department of the state is now waiting for the announcement of the ECI on the date of the Lok Sabha elections.
Shillong: The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, has imposed a curfew from 4 pm today due to disruption of law and order in parts of Metor and Motphran areas. step, in parts of Jaiaw, Mawkhar, Umsohsun, Riatsamthiah, Wahingdoh, Mission, Mawprem, Lumdiengjri, Lamavilla, Quallapatty, Wahthapbru, Sunny Hill, Cantonment, Mawlonghat.
On the other hand, Bah Shylla said, “Meghalaya is going through a very difficult journey now, under the rule of the MDA Government there have been many cases of corruption in all sectors. The ISBT, the Mawlai Bye-Pass Bridge, the collapse of the Dome of the Legislative Assembly Building and the opening ceremony of the Government College Building at Patharkhmah.
On this occasion, the residents of the village including the elders, longkmie and village officials, came out to inspect the pond and explained to the public that the allegation by the former Rangbah Shnong, Bah P Dkhar, Bah Jewel Lyngdoh and others are not true as it has appeared in the media.
Therefore, only the Chief Minister or Ministers or MLAs will be accepted to come forward to support the MoU if any.
If the leaders are less than our level, it means that we are still stupid, blind and deaf.
Because of the high price of lyntang, it takes about two days to make one ksing ngap, even if it is a skilled woodworker.
He changed his way of thinking, his way of life, his language, his manners, his actions, his walk and standing as a Rangbah.
She also spoke about the Elite Pathway Program which has been implemented in collaboration with the MSOA to recognize sports talent.
Larsing also expressed the need for Golden Baby Leagues to be held in all districts from next year.
NESO Chairman Samuel Jyrwa said that the implementation of the AFSPA in many parts of the region proves that the Delhi government has shown that the people of this region are really foreigners. people from outside the country,” said Bah Jyrwa.
Later, the union also met with the Inspector of Posts of South Sub-Division, Deepak Das who is in charge of Sub Post Offices and Branch Post Offices in Mawsynram Block.
Of these 89 cases, 30 are from Kamrup, 17 from Tinsukia, 14 from Guwahati, 14 from Dhubri, 10 from Cachar and 4 from Dhemaji.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh expressed his satisfaction that the people of Mairang still have confidence in him as a leader in the past years and he hopes that this time They also gave their full support, especially with the joint support of these other leaders from other parties.
The cooperation of the community to fight this disease is very strong.
He said the KHADC is ready to provide all the requirements and will wait for the approval of the State Level Committee.
We see this throughout Khasi Jaintia and Bhoi as well.
During this ceremony, there is a Lyndoh who performs the Holy Mass including the “Ber Dpei” ceremony.
On the other hand, the Nongpoh MLA, praised the health workers, for their hard work and willingness to dedicate their body and soul to serve in the work that has been done. answer to that.
In the men's category, Teiboklang Biam came first followed by Dasaman Kyndait from Sabahmuswang in second place and Daemiryntihki Pakma from Thadbamon in third place.
Regarding the opportunities, he urged the youth to be visionary and to choose that golden opportunity while there is still time because the lack of decision-making at the right time leads to failure. their lives.
The training was held at Gladden Tower Nongpoh and was supported by Skill Root under the supervision of NSDC through the Parivartan scheme funded by HDFC Bank.
U Palong : This jhur leaf jyrngam is used to improve the water content in the body.
During these celebrations, the work that the NDA government has done in the past three years for the people of the state and the country especially the poor will be highlighted.
The State has no hope of continuing to build coal-fired thermal projects after NEEPCO has failed to build a 500 megawatt thermal project at Darugiri in the East. Garo Hills.
The PHE department has already set a target to complete it in 2008 and after failing to complete it, it has set another target to complete it in June 2012 but this too has ended only in the thong without being able to fulfill it.
The KJP Western Synod, through Rev KB Snaitang, Executive Secretary, has decided to send an inquiry into the incident and has handed over to the Cyber ​​Assistant Cell (CIB, Shillong) to investigate the incident. source of these journalists, who have defamed the name of the Church.
The second match between Pynthor Youth Social Welfare and Mynthong will be played at 1:30 pm and 3 pm. in the month of November in East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat.
The founders of these three types of Christianity had their own basis for belief.
The order said that on this issue, the plaintiff had communicated the questions put by the Ministry of Mines on October 2, 2022 and admitted that the answers of the seven companies to these questions were not They have not received any license to mine.
Shillong, July 28: The Minister of State for Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri on Friday laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Stadium and the ground. Artificial turf has been planted in a field in Kynshi Bangla, Mawthadraishan Constituency.
The smuggling of these goods, especially fish, is smuggled to Garo Hills in motorcycles and vehicles without any checking.
On the other hand, the Nongpoh MLA, congratulated the state government and especially the health workers, from the doctors, nurses, district administration, for their efforts to prevent the spread of the disease. spread of COVID-1
At the same time, the HNLC has called on the NGT to take a decision to employ the unemployed in its hearing on 9th July If the HNLC does not take this decision, it will call a 24-hour curfew, which will start at 6 pm on July 10 and end at 6 pm on July Shillong, July 1: The North East India Indigenous Peoples Network (NEIIPN) has signed a memorandum of understanding with the Meghalaya Peoples Human Rights Council (MPHRC), Naga. Peoples Movement for Human Rights (NPMHR), Indigenous Women's Forum of Northeast India (IWFNEI), Karbi Human Rights Watch (KHRW), Naga Women's Union (NWU), Zo Indigenous Forum (ZIF), Sinlung Indigenous Peoples Human Rights organization (SIPHRO) The United Naga Council (UNC) and other organizations will hold a special meeting in Imphal, Manipur from the 2nd to the 4th of this month.
After the meeting, the students had the opportunity to meet with the Chairman of KHADC, Bah Lamphrang Blah, Chief Executive Member (CEM) Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, Executive Members and MDCs of KHADC. Council.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that it would be unfair if without a full investigation, the MLA of 15 Tura constituency Thomas A Sangma will be removed as the Chief Advisor to the Chief Minister. Minister.
In an interview with Kong Dorothy, she said that since 1981 she has started the work of giving birth to poor women and continues to this day.
Rupang spoke to Drola Khongjoh, Congress candidate for the 2013 MLA election from Mawkynrew Constituency who supported the UDP candidate Remingtone Pyngrope in the MDC election. Congress and Banteidor Lyngdoh.
As the leader responsible for the entire Mawlai, Bah Teiborlang has seen the plight of the residents of the Mawlai area, from Nongkohlew to Madan Mawkhar in terms of banking.
On Saturday, a 56-year-old man died after being hit by a car on the Umsning Bypass in Ri-Bhoi.
He said that the village has arranged to hold this blood donation twice a year on special days of India like Republic Day and Independence Day.
It is learned that the house was celebrating Diwali on the same day and the house burnt down and threw bombs as usual on Diwali. The fire broke out after several hours of bombing.
He urged that the protest will continue with the cooperation of all the civil society and the people. He said that the petition to be appealed to the court regarding this demarcation is 600 pages long. pending the signature of those residents on the border.
Ma Wailadmiki Shylla MLA, who was the chief guest, while giving a strong advice to the youth of Jowai Diocese, said that he does not want to talk too much because the youth have received a strong advice and The request from the Spiritual Leaders which they have received in these days (12-01-2024-14-01-2024).
Mediphrangki Pohleng had a good chance but couldn't score.
“The meeting today was that after receiving a complaint that some people who have applied for housing loan and others, have brought the documents approved by the KHADC in accordance with the Land Act but they have not received any documents. There are banks which do not recognize and refuse, so I would like to say that according to the Khasi Hills Rule and Regulation of the Act under Section 8 clauses 9 and 10, the letters issued under this Act should be accepted. “To borrow money from banks,” said the CEM. He said that the Council issues these documents after they have completed the registration of land and the banks should recognize these documents.
The three cricketers are Raj Biswa, Kishan Lyngdoh (batters) and Arbin Singh (ball bowler).
“For years we have not taken steps on the water supply system,” said Conrad. “What we are doing these days is taking steps to ensure the supply of water sources,” he said. the Chief Minister of the State.
We have also arrested those involved,” he said.
In Nagaland, youth participation was witnessed.
“This Bill is not appropriate because we cannot move from one constituency to another,” he said.
Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said, “We are deeply saddened by the untimely passing away of the Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly, Dr Donkupar Roy.
He urged the villagers and the community not to look down on the people with disabilities and visual impairments as they too have the same rights as other people with disabilities.
The residents of Ngunraw from children, youth and elderly people were more excited about this cleanliness drive as the actor of the Khasi film 9-Lad came to take part in the cleanliness drive. Commander Shangpliang.
The UDP Youth Wings of Sohiong Circle has divided the tournament into two categories, one for those who have reached the age of 35 years and the other for those who have reached the age of 35 years old and above, Krang Area vs Weilyngkut while the final of the under 35 years old category includes Diengïei Area vs. in Sohiong Area.
A strong storm has destroyed 44 houses and seriously injured a woman in Jirang Constituency in Ri Bhoi District on 31st October.
He said that foreigners have started owning land in the area and have even changed the name of Majai to Bholaganj.
Two retired officers have also been named in the first list, Executive Engineer PWD Bah Baiahunang Makdoh (Mawhati), Assistant Director, Agriculture Bah Olan Singh Suiñ (Mawsynram) and Ex-Service. to Taposh D Marak (Revoltfor).
The purpose of this program is to provide information on the prevention of suicide.
In another report, it was reported that many MLAs, Ministers and MDCs have strongly criticized the actions of the government under the leadership of Mukul Sangma and these Ministers, MLAs and MDCs of the Congress have expressed their doubts. The MUA-II Government has been involved in the working methods of the Rangbah Shnong, the MUDA boundary crossing, the empowerment of Government employees, the attempt to corrupt the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) and others.
The program was enriched by the performance of the theme song of the Jubilee by the youth of the village.
The EJNC, one of the social welfare organizations, strongly opposes the State Government's acceptance of the arrival of coal trucks from Assam, especially at a time when the whole of India is in turmoil. are in the middle of a curfew.
Also present on the occasion were the Waheh Shnong of Mutong, Bah Marshi Dkhar, leaders and members of the JNC. stronger in recent decades and have destroyed carbon sinks such as the boreal forests of Canada and the Amazon rainforest in Brazil.
This is the fourth time that Mack Donald has participated in the Cycle Federation of India (CFI) and he will not be able to qualify for the Nationals in India.
The ceremony was held at Vigyan Bhawan, New Delhi where Dr Helen Giri from Meghalaya received the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for the year 2023 for her contribution to the development and promotion of art. Meghalaya's traditional culture.
Mawphanlur is a more amazing tourist destination because it is located on the top of the hill of Markasa village but on top of this hill there are lynghuh wah or nan, there are clean hills and from there you can see the many villages.
He said that the goal of reviving Sohra starts from today and said that the entire Sohra will be taken over by the Assam Rifles for the purpose of planting trees.
Shillong, July 02: The first school bus to transport school children from Umpling to Pine Mount School has been launched today.
The AJYWO believes that through this Behdeiñkhlam, God will bless all the children of Jaintia Hills to have a healthy body and also to grow in all aspects from income to education. income, income, education and in all their activities.
This was announced by her daughter who went to ask for help from Bah Lamdame Shangpliang.
Seeing for himself the deterioration of the Shillong-Jowai road, the Chief Minister said that the government will repair the road as soon as possible from the government and at the same time we will write to the central government to request. money to build this road.
Those still undergoing treatment have risen to 2,041 and 3,202 have recovered, said Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
The president of CSWO, Kong Agnes Kharshiing, said that during her visit to the house of this woman, it was reported that she received only T.5000/- out of the T.30,000/- which was shown in the order of the woman. The Block Development Officer of Mawphlang Block in November 2012 to build a poor house.
Dr. Wahlang said that on the 6th, a woman with two bodies was brought from Nongpriang village and she too had the same disease. “We have not released her yet but they have asked,” said Dr. Wahlang.
We need to examine ourselves and learn how to build this unique nation of ours so that it will be strong and strong from the inside out.
The WKSU also demands that the company in charge of the tower should repair the tower within this month, otherwise the WKSU will take stronger action, said the President of the WKSU. Round shape.
The State will turn 50 years old and the single window policy has destroyed the environment.
The Prime Minister will be accompanied by Government Ministers including the Principal Secretary, Prestone Tynsong, Urban Affairs Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar and others.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, u Bah Shimbor Lyngdoh, shopkeeper, said that on 28th November 2023, BSF troops attacked and stole 45 byrni of sugar worth T.96,0 He said that this is the first time that the BSF has been setting up shop in Bagli for about 10 years.
Modi said the rules would be announced before 18th January, taking into account the suggestions of the state governments.
Here, the people have witnessed the behavior of these leaders of the MDA government led by the NPP party. Shah didn't want to go to Lajong.
Dr Vijay Kumar D (IAS) Commissioner Secretary Sports and Youth Affairs, WAM Booth, Director Sports Department, in the presence of the Working President and General Secretary of the Subroto Cup. Meghalaya State Olympic Association John F. Kharshiing and Finley L. Pariat, Retired Asst Director of Sports Department Hering Shangpliang, Principal St Anthony's HSDS Fr Anthony Kharkongor, DSOs, Coaches, PTI of Sports Department, Then the students who came to support and encourage their fellow students who came out to fight for the title.
The policy of the Congress in the past and the policy of the present government are very different.
