Bah Martle said that the problems faced by the schools are not only this time but in the past years but the problems faced by the schools are the worst now.
It has also sent for a thorough investigation into the involvement of Pakistani militant groups in these attacks.
They said that compared to all the Deputy Commissioners who have come to take over in West Khasi Hills, Bah Kharlyngdoh has been at the forefront in implementing the assistance provided by the government. it was for the people.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, on Tuesday received a tip-off that commercial taxis have violated the rules by not carrying passengers at all, as per the directive of the Traffic Department of the State Government. wear a mask and wash your hands.
He said that the decision to contest from the NPP is not a decision taken by him alone but it was taken by the people to contest from the NPP at a meeting he held at 11 March.
When asked how much a driver has to pay to the District Council for a Labor License, he said that Skill drivers have to pay T.200 for 179 days while Unskill drivers have to pay T.100 for to 179 days.
The lack of government management in the electricity department has led to distrust and frustration among the residents.
On 27th June, in collaboration with the TTAADC authorities and officers from Onokati District, the KHADC team left Khumulwng and went to the Khasi-Pnar village. in Gollackpur which is more than 5 hours by car to reach the village.
The employees of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, have decided to stop working due to the lack of salaries for more than 8 months. There are about 98 casual workers in Ri Bhoi District who work in various health centres.
“We want to send a clear message to those who threaten that if the ASHAs are only volunteers, it is up to them to go to work or not, and if they are only volunteers why the government “It's a rule to use it,” said Pyrtuh.
“They are still under the supervision of doctors, we have asked them to report immediately if they have chest pain, shortness of breath or if they have shortness of breath,” said BC Bhagawati. the head of the Integrated Disease Surveillance Programme.
Sabahmuswang and Ladthadlaboh were the winners of the tournament.
Those who die are poor people.
The reason for this is to express her gratitude and congratulations to all the sports players, traditional dance groups because she has learned that even without clean clothes they have stood on the ground for about 3-4 hours between the dances. The cold of the night did not stop until the end of the program to open the sports event by the President.
The match tomorrow 27th will be between Nangbah Iawmusiang SC and Chilliangraij SC at 2 pm.
Speaking to media, the President of the Lympung ki Seng Kynthei, Kong Theilin Phanbuh, said, “We have informed the CEM to take action according to the law as this may be new and maybe they There are also Dorbar Shnongs which have included women in the Executive Committees of the Dorbar Shnongs but many of them are still in short supply.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 29: The incident ha Mukroh where 6 precious souls have lost their lives has affected not only the peace and order of the people in the state, but the people in the state have now fallen They also faced a shortage of LPG cylinders which they use for cooking especially during the working hours.
The Dorbar discussed the dignity of the Shnong, the involvement of the Rangbah Shnong in crime, and his family.
Under the leadership of the state government, ASPIRE is a program that aims to provide training to improve the thinking, knowledge and communication skills among the youth.
Jowai, Jymmang 10: The JHADC today at a meeting held at the District Library Auditorium, Jowai to explain to the public the Village Government Act. of Elaka and Village and Election, Appoin[continued page 7] tment, Powers, Functions and Jurisdiction of Dolloi/Sirdar and Waheh Chnong.
Wahkhen is also known as the village of culture.
On the other hand, Bah Prestone in his speech said that besides the assistance to the police department, the government will also be willing to provide support on other aspects of the work, namely to conduct the police forces with strong physical and mental strength.
He said that the Chairman of the NLCN said that the name NLCN was taken from the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) and the word 'Nongkyndong' was used to express the lack of peace and development. increase in rural areas especially in the border areas.
Now if the CM repeals the laws like the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act, the Meghalaya Job Reservation Policy, the Sixth Schedule, the Trading by Non Tribal Act and others, they can, even if we oppose.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, some of the drivers said that these garbage were transported from Guwahati, Mizoram, Agartala and so on. , Waheh Shnong Thangskai, Ma Phaibiang Syrti, Waheh Shnong Thangskai, said that if anyone finds garbage, the village will take strict action.
He said that the passengers of his vehicle while he was driving praised him because the vehicle did not make any sound. it’s really relaxing.
However, on the same day of the Cabinet decision, the Adhoc teachers have already expressed their dissatisfaction with the decision of the Cabinet.
She received treatment from doctors only in the emergency room when she was taken to the hospital but after being taken to the hospital, no doctor came to treat her.
“If there is any complaint, we will conduct an investigation,” said Bah Rowel.
Shillong, Nailar 30 : In an age when almost everyone thinks only for their own benefit, there are still villages which think for their fellow villagers who are in need or who are still less income. document.
“The road has been improved by the PWD to the venue of the Assembly,” said Bah Kharshiing.
He said that if the government provides transportation to the contractors who supply food and equipment, it should provide transportation to the farmers.
This statement of the Chief Minister has surprised everyone because there is no such way, which does not go through Parliament especially in relation to the old laws known as the Pre-Constitutional Laws like the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation 1873, the Indian Christian Marriage Act, 1872 and others.
From time to time, to talk about them is a respected custom for 20-30% of the world's population.
However, the biggest loss is for the students, who don't know anything about the beginning and the end and who think that teachers are no different from their parents,” said Babu Birbor. He taught at Langdongdai Government LP School.
Union Minister of State for Child Development, Dharshnana Jardosh has visited several textile and textile manufacturing plants including the recently opened Design Innovation Resource Center (DIRC) in Kachin State. Diwon, Umden, Hi-I and others.
On the part of Bah Edilbert Ïawphniaw and Bah Sherbok Marbaniang, the elders of the area who have always encouraged in sports, congratulated all those who will take part in the competition. a healthy body through the presence of God until the end of the game and hopefully the youth will bring the fruit of happiness.
In Sonitpur district, a protest was held at Court Chariali in Tezpur near the DC Office.
According to the Bible, Adam disobeyed God's command when he ate from the tree of knowledge of good and evil, and God turned away from him.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 6: The UHM West Khasi Hills District together with other organizations in the district, has warned all offices in the district that on the 9th of this month, The Shad Suk Mynsiem has been closed for the celebration of the Shad Suk Mynsiem in the District, because as we have seen in the past years, many offices do not respect this special day of the Khasi Khara.
“The VPP does not agree with this action of the MDA government and believes that the state can develop only if the government can introduce an impartial approach especially by thinking for the poor. happy", he added.
“I would like to appeal because this is a serious issue and it is not an issue to play politics.
Shillong, Naitung 16: In the hearing held on July 9, 2014, the report submitted by the lawyers of the National Green Tribunal (NGT) Since 2003, the Pollution Control Board has shown the destruction of the environment, forests and drinking water due to coal mining.
“I feel that the government needs to take measures to resolve this issue,” said the Nongthymmai MLA.
Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma today announced that widows will receive the Arunodoi scheme and a monthly pension through the Indira Miri Universal Widow Pension. Scheme".
Or is it that the State Government is more concerned about the dewbilat companies than the people of Jaintia Hills? The protest of the Waheh Shnongs of Jaintia Hills has demanded that the state government should think carefully whether it needs more coal traders from Assam or coal companies or whether it needs more Waheh Shnongs from its own coal mines. and if in this fourth century, the State Government, does not feel it is necessary to congratulate the sleepless nights of the villagers, the State, then it will be very difficult to find in the dictionary. Shillong: U Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Forests, Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the police have investigated the killing of an Asiatic Black Bear. one man was arrested.
Whoever or whatever will be elected must receive at least more than half of those who turn out to vote (50 p.
They also alleged that some of the classrooms are flooded due to rain but the Principal has not responded even after they have tried to lodge a complaint.
Kong Shylla also expressed the need for the participation of the villagers in order to develop the fish farming industry and to develop income and economic development. .
During the surprise inspection, especially in the Bimola area, it was found that there were also some Khasi girls who came running to take the ownership of the shop and the goods and services. The CEM said that the KHADC should not be informed if there are Khasi women who do not own the property or equipment in these areas.
SP Office and Powergrid have won the fourth quarter final of the Shillong Cricket Association (SCA) Cricket Tournament on Tuesday. Inter Office League 2022/23.
He said that for us to question the decisions of the old leaders is not the right path, to get our own state is not easy.
After the opening speech, a swearing-in ceremony was led by C.Kharkongngor, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District.
It would be better if you stayed here when you had your own house.
Secondly, don't try to search for any unofficial or secure websites on Google.
Agricultural lands are gradually disappearing due to sea level rise.
Shillong, July 20: Leaders of the All NEHU Workers Union (ANWU) on Tuesday went to the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik to present their demands to the management of the North Eastern Hills University. University (NEHU) to fully employ day laborers and contract workers who have served for decades at the university.
The party was founded by British punk singer Dominik Wlazny in 2015 and won elections last year and came third. 337,000 votes.
The man used only a screw driver to open the door of the car and turn it over.
Shillong: U Bah Aloysius Papang, son of Ebi Mary Papang, of Shangpung village, West Jaintia Hills District, has been summoned to Bishop Falls, Block-1, Lower Mawprem. Please attend the China-India Development Partnership Roundtable Dialogue, which was invited by the Confederation of Young Leaders (CYL) in collaboration with India. Institute of Governance and Leadership (IIGL) and the Chinese Embassy will be held at the India International Centre, New Delhi on 19th July
She said that the stinginess of the journalists in this regard can cause many problems to such children.
Speaking on this issue, in the past years, the district authorities, MLAs, village authorities have taken the initiative to talk to the NHAI, and the NHAI has promised to resolve these issues. and as it is until today, it has been witnessed that the problem of the people who are affected by the floods has ended only in the discussion that the NHAI has not been able to do anything to improve the drainage system.
With 20 million supporters and 1.5 million members, AOG has grown steadily.
Shillong: The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CSO) today held a meeting to discuss the delay of the Central Government in approving the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya.
North Korea on Thursday launched two missiles as part of a protest against the United States and South Korea's cooperation in training and training their troops.
We have experienced the discrimination during the time of the British Government when they used the Divide and Rule Policy to divide the Jaitbynriew.
The TMC has set a goal to bring about new opportunities by introducing policies, strengthening tourism and bringing about economic development in the state.
Referring to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah's claim that there will be a change after the elections and that the NPP will withdraw from the UDP from the MDA, Kong Ampareen said, “In the elections, we used to support them. The party candidate by whatever means and tricks we have and those who have spoken are part of the election and now that it is over we will work together without any hesitation but to provide the right service to the people. the state," she said.
He gave an example of the illegal tax collection gates on the highways of the state.
Congress leader Kapil Sibal today slammed the Narendra Modi government, accusing it of failing to protect the lives of people in Delhi.
Matchbox Twenty has announced that its new album will be released in January.
The CEM said that within the boundary of the Council alone there are 54 elaka and from one elaka to another the festival will be an opportunity for all those who want to know more. and more strongly the customs and traditions to attend such traditional festivals.
The program was conducted by the District Administration and Heads of various districts in the presence of them for the launch of the campaign.
The Government of Assam, has its own census, which was conducted in 1951, at that time, there were no states in the North East, except Assam. that the census year should be until 1971 and those after that year should no longer be full citizens of the State.
Lakhon Laloo Treasurer, Rtn.
They also said that the Mawbuh Ri Bhoi Presbytery has received the full group of churches in Nongthymmai District, where the church has already informed the Presbytery that it has the Temple and the Mount of Olives.
Therefore, the Kur Mawsor urges the State Government and the Local MLA to take action on this issue in relation to health and health facilities for the rural people.
At the time of writing, the cause of death has not been confirmed.
“There are 945 polling stations in Garo Hills,” he said.
The bus has been allocated 29 lakh tyngka for the use of the Nichols Roy Bible College which is named after Rev.JJM Nichols Roy who is the founder of the Church of God and one of the founders of the sixth grade. They shall protect their culture and land through the District Councils.
“The State Government has been looking for solutions to the problems of teachers in the state.
However, we see that the CONGRESS under the leadership of Mukul SANGMA did not want to give up but he brought in the MRSSA. SANGMA doesn't have to.
Happy to go to AR for coaching.
To date, there are 7000 fish farmers in the state and there is a huge demand for fish water from Meghalaya.
Elect Executive Members to govern the village.
Mumbai: Aamir Khan has fled with his two wives after 15 years.
“Our condolences go out to those affected by the blast incident in Indas.
After 10 years he left the teaching job and continued his 1st and 2nd year (CBZ) studies at Kiang Nangbah College (2005-2007).
(v) Ensure that the piglets do not die from each other or from the mother during sleep and that they should all receive food from the mother at the same time.
They also beat the BJP members with sticks, in which several people were injured.
There is a belief that the fourth world war will be caused by water, and these signs have appeared frequently in the areas where mineral resources are mined and mineral resources are mined.
In 2007, Wellander also played on the Abba's hit songs, including Mamma Mia! in the film, starring Meryl Streep and Amanda Seyfried.
He said that the refusal of the Syiem to meet and explain to the HIA shows that there is a misuse of this scheme in which the Syiem is trying to hide the scheme. eiei is not lyndet.
Besides, if they don't receive their monthly salary, the teachers are also worried about how to feed their families and how to pay their school fees.
“The construction of schools in rural and urban areas should be adequate and even 50% of the schools in the state cannot compete with the demands of the education policy,” she said.
Shillong, Jymmang 1: The Coordination Committee on International Border (CCIB) today stands firmly against the state government's plan to take land for the purpose of erecting shiah signs on the border. India-Bangladesh.
Therefore, the Kur in Khasi and Jaintia Hills are requested to come together with the youth for the future of the Kur in the society.
Even so, we just finished our studies and were surprised at the end of the year.
“There are many government schemes but they don't come to the villages but there needs to be an applicant or a provider.
The agreement will pave the way for the reduction of barriers to the import of technologies required in the space industry especially electronic products, and pave the way for Indian companies to develop new and innovative products from share of the US markets.It will also pave the way for further Indian participation in scientific collaborations, pave the way for collaborations in fields including manned space and Stronger relations with the US in key areas such as micro-electronics, quantum, space security and others.
C.Daribha Synrem Cultural Secretary of APSTA handed over these donations. The President of APSTA Nongstoiñ, Mr.
The NTC officials said that the committee, which works with all the associations in Nongpoh, including Sumo, Local Taxis, Tourist Taxis and Auto Associations, The NTC officials are deeply concerned about the incident, especially in the middle of Nongpoh.
The programme, which was attended by about 5,000 soldiers, was very exciting and encouraging.
A video has been circulating in connection with the incident and it was seen that a large stone has damaged two vehicles and then hit another vehicle.
In the evening, all the Kmai Raijs from Panaliar, Dulong, Lumpyrdi, Lumiongkjam, Tpep-Pale and Lumkyrwiang will perform the Deingkhlam at Iawmusiang with joy and happiness, while the children of the Raij will perform the Khnong Blai at Loo Sooiung. .
In addition to the loss of human life, it has been increasingly destroyed.
The spare driver and the handyman, were shetja near the truck and while they were shetja, Batskhem suddenly tied the spare driver with a Lyngka.
“The three 'H's are the basic teachings which mean Head, Hand and Heart,” said the Principal of Cherra Teacher's Training Centre, Sohra.
Hep and Lydia came out. "Why did you come at night, get up and leave tomorrow. My father said you didn't hear," said Lydia. They went away and Hep went to look at them from the door.
The Panchayat elections in West Bengal will be held in three phases, scheduled to start on 8th November, State Election Commissioner Rajiv Sinha said on Friday.
“What we have lost the most is the pandal which we built in 2020 at a cost of ` 17 lakh tyngka and now we will build it again at the same cost,” he said.
However, in the second half, Mawkhar SC took the lead through Edmonwell Mukhim's goal in the 61st minute.
In this regard, the MPUF East Jaintia and EJNC Khliehriat Circle have given two days to the electricity department to repair the damaged transformer. They will not be surprised if the electricity department does not take action to implement their demand.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: The management of Aircel has said that the Aircel network is in short supply due to lack of land to set up towers especially in Shillong. .
When inquiring about the community in the village, the village officials and employees said that except for a few drug addicts who are not a threat to the community in the village, theft, There is no robbery, no cheating and deceit, no robbery, no stealing to take away the rights of others, no corruption, no robbery and no robbery in the village.
According to police, the vehicle (ML 05H 7027) belonged to a man named Seema Das.
You can play chess according to the cycle of 100 points roster.
of India, North-Eastern Regional Office, Lumbatngen (Law-U-Sib), Shillong, B.D.O., Khliehriat Block, Secretary, Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council, West Jaintia Hills, Jowai, Librarian, District Library, Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills, and MSPCB in Shillong.
“Now due to Covid 19, the implementation of the CAA has been suspended, but the work is progressing and laws will be issued related to this issue and will come into force soon. that's it," said Nadda.
Despite losing three wickets, WJH did not have any problems to reach the target in 12 overs.
All liquor shops including bars/canteens, which used to sell on the ground, will be closed on these dates.
“The Prime Minister has confirmed that he will discuss this issue with the Ministry of Agriculture,” said Bah Wanteilang Ryngkhang, Publicity Secretary of the party in a statement.
“It is the action of the Secretary and the Sordars who are in charge of the implementation of the scheme from behind me,” said the Rangbah Shnong who is also the Chairman of the VEC. There is no register of Village Monitoring Committee, Minute Register, Gram Sabha Register, payment of wages to the employees, and others. The public opinion has found that the VEC has paid money to many contractors, even if they have not worked and many others who came to work minutes have not received. he is the owner.
"It's my mother," said the mother to her children. "It's my mother," agreed Halbert, the eldest brother.
The meeting was conducted by J. Shylla, Additional Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District in the presence of R. Brahma, EAC, Dr JN Shullai, Director of Mihmyntdu Community Social Welfare Association (MCSWA).
Since childhood, Ma Kerios Wahlang has been accustomed to writing songs and singing in his own voice.
On this day of the counting of votes, the Election Commission of India (ECI) has not allowed the people to approach the D.C.Office, Jowai to avoid the noise, shouting, shouting from the people and the counting of votes has taken place. long what happened.
He urged the people to vote for the future of their children.
A group of civil society and village leaders of War Jaintia have again rallied at Tamabil, Dawki to protest against the proposed trade between India and Bangladesh today.
In a statement, the KJBWA said that this surprise visit of the FKJGP, makes the KJBWA hope that their good intentions will be achieved with the cooperation.
She demanded that the State Education Secretary and Director of Schools Education should be requested to issue a warning to schools not to send their students to anti-religious or political protests.
The Supreme Court on Tuesday overturned the decision of the Gauhati High Court, saying that the victim's absence at the time of his death her husband did not prove that she was involved in the murder of her husband.
It is the mother who gives to her child the right to grow up in the religion, customs and traditions established by our ancestors in any country of the world.
PS Biswal, Manager of Maithan Alloys Limited, has agreed to assist 10 patients from Byrnihat PHC for six months.
Polo Orchid Hotel Sohra, Jiva Resort Sohra and many others have been owned by foreigners. candidate rem election.
The statement from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare said that the Teleconsultation has also proved to be a blessing especially to the people living in the remote areas of the state.
Electricity distribution in Byrnihat, Jorabad, Khanapara, Killing, Baridua, Maikhuli, Philingkata and others has been disrupted after a truck collided with electricity supply equipment.
What happened is that the IFA has taken over the land of SS Net Com, before taking over the land do you need to investigate and at the same time these young people who have been trained have brought back the “They went to Shillong and taught these children to do bad things and this is even worse,” he said.
In the West, horse manure is more valuable than cow dung.
It is on this basis that the CMP is very important for the coalition government, and it is the duty of the government to inform the people about this CMP. to know the CMP of the MDA government and it is the duty of the MDA to make its CMP public.
In 2022 and in the past months, we have been invited to bring about a change in the government in power in Meghalaya, because the MDA government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma and NPP has very wicked rule and corruption for five years.
The Government of India is understood to lift the curfew on 3rd June
The state government has also implemented the College of Physicians and Surgeons (CPS), which allows villagers to work in the state and this is a long-standing education system in India.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Nongtnger said that police have registered a case on the incident and the investigation will continue before arresting the perpetrators. They were arrested at the Laitumkhrah Police Station.
The nation from time to time is oppressed and disturbed in many ways.
“Do you agree that if you apply for development jobs from the government which should look after the development of the state, even if you go up to 100 times, it will not give until 101 times but if they are MLAs from your party? “Even if they don't need it, they should propose it themselves and that statement of Bah Prestone who is the Symbud Myntri Rangbah shows that as a leader he is still too short-sighted,” he said.
She is the daughter of Mr. Elindro Wahlang and Mrs. Kristina Warjri of Mawlai Mawroh.
He gave the example of Arunachal Pradesh, which has ILP, and said that in 1971, 97 percent of the state owners, in 1981, 81 percent, in 1991, 63 percent in , 64 percent and in 2011, 68 percent.
The state government has recently allowed government employees to hold or become members of village organizations on the condition that they must immediately inform the government when they do so.
The village office bearers elected on this occasion were Rangbah Shnong Ninderson Suting, Secretary Nebarwell Kharbitthai, Assistant Secretary Lung Khynriam, Treasurer Eldinsing Mukhim and Executive Committees.
The work will be handed over by the Government of India to the company after all the requirements have been prepared,” said the PWD chief. All the requirements will be constructed by the engineers of the companies.
# R.W.12B.Wellington said: “That he has collected information about the customs of the indigenous Khasi since the 1960s.
“Therefore, I would like to express that as many people especially the religious leaders have opposed, the government should take action and consider this for the benefit of the state,” said Bah Metbah.
The JSU has demanded that the Prime Minister should introduce the ILP first and then look into it after approving the railway line in Jaintia Hills.
Shillong: The State Government is preparing to relocate the land vendors on the road from Khyndailad to Umsohsun, so that the road will become a pedestrian crossing, as well as the road leading to Jailroad.
Gokhalei also reminded the National People's Party (NPP) that it has not yet informed the ECI on the expenditure in the elections.
If you have any questions please contact us at
Riskhem Bang of Sabahmuswang SC won the Man of the Match award, Givenson Suting of Demthring SC won the Top Scorer and Player of the Tournament award and Samkor Ryngkhlem won the Best Goalkeeper award. of Demetrius.
So God, the heavenly Father, because he loves all mankind so much, sent his Son to be “a sacrifice to take away the sins of mankind.
The authorities have ordered them to declare a warning regarding the natural disasters in these four districts.
This will lead to a huge loss of benefits to the residents of the area in terms of health.
It may be recalled that in the past few months, on the 8th September, the union has already expelled the Assam Khar who came to quarry stone from the same place and the union has met with u DC Bah FM Dopth on 10/08/2020 at that time, but it is surprising how these Khar Assamese are willing to quarry stone illegally from this river, even the district authorities have not done anything. They don't have a share in front of the Assam government.
The HSPDP was founded in 1968 by the leaders of Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh.
In the men's category, Phrikstar Nongbak was named the best player, Pynshai Kharsyiemlieh was named the best goalkeeper and Tylliborsingh Shangdiar was named the best goalkeeper.
When asked whether he will resign from the NPP, the Chief Executive Member said time will tell and for now he suggested that the NPP should be renamed the No Principle Party or No Policy Party.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The President of the Shillong All Faith Forum (SAFF), Rev Bishop Purely Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that as human beings created by the Creator, no one can escape the sword of death and death. The death of a person may not be due to illness or old age but the death of a person in the hands of another person is unacceptable.
According to the Rangbah Shnong of the village, Bah P Jalong, in the past few days, 37 people have been infected with the disease. The health department has conducted an RTPCR test in this village and found that there are 7 more residents who have inherited the disease.
KLIEHRIAT: Sutnga SSCC beat Khliehriat West FC 5-4 in the final of the Shri Kyrmen Shylla Contribution Trophy of the Super League. The East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) will play against Dienchynrum Stadium on Tuesday.
In the Under-17 category, Little Flower H/S School Ummulong beat Govt.
In the first half, Solina Jaba scored the first goal for Laitkor in the 20th minute. and the whole multitude rejoiced.
Police have immediately arrested the suspect for further investigation and it is learned that the police are now searching for others involved in the incident.
However, the Meghalaya High Court has dismissed the appeal of the Harijan Panchayat Committee as they did not appear before the court,” he said.
Those who own land and households who do not live in Mawroh, should come to this cleanliness drive and should meet with the Rangbah Dong.
Shillong, Naitung 20: The Public Health Engineering (PHE) Department of the State Government has confirmed the full recruitment of 16 personnel from Mawphlang Hima. Mukul Sangma after the Cabinet meeting.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: U Bah Ïalam Makri, owner of the Ïalam Gas Agency, on Tuesday promised to refund the bisa to all the applicants who have applied for tydong lyer shet through his agency. On the other hand, he has not received all the necessary documents to proceed with the distribution of tyndong lyer shet.
But though he slowly died, he died.
Assam police have arrested Akhil Gogoi, leader of the Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS), from a house in Jorhat this evening.
We must not forget that this is not a day to show pride and insult to others, but rather to be a day to bless others and God the Creator.
Senior MLA Anjan Dutta said that the Congress president has empowered Gogoi to lead the party in the state. MR.U Dutta has been ordered to reconsider the allocation of seats after 1st July, the date of his three-year term as Prime Minister. During the meeting with Rahul Gandhi, Rahul Gandhi said that the Congress has confidence in the leadership of Tarun Gogoi for Assam. In the last MP elections, he said that Gogoi will remain the MR of Assam and the Congress leader in Assam.
To this day, these words are used to destroy the Jews or Israel from the face of the earth.
The survey of Khasi-Pnar villages in Block-I of West Jaintia Hills, on the border with Assam, will take about two months to complete.
The meeting also discussed other activities of the union especially how to raise awareness among all the teachers in the area to be united and come forward to work together with one voice so that the rest of the teachers can to fulfill the shortcomings of the union to provisionalsation the work of all school teachers in the state.
Nongpoh, July 28: The District authorities of Ri Bhoi District have banned the attempt to break any groups or individuals whether it is for worship or other activities. Ri Bhoi District, Ri Bhoi District.
Freewell Manih, said that the reason why the child fell into the pond was due to the negligence of the contractor who is constructing the pond. to build a Common Facility Center for Weaving & Sewing, Nongpoh.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 3: Two trucks (ML 06 5018 and AS 01) were seized by the FKJGP North Khasi Hills District today at 8 pm. DD 9784 carrying cattle to be smuggled to Bangladesh, while these trucks are still at Umling, Ri Bhoi District.
The Executive Committee strongly condemned the foreigner's rape of the woman and expressed its condolences to the relatives and demanded that the law enforcement authorities should arrest the foreigner.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, HFU President Commander Shangpliang said that Conrad Sangma has promised to take action on these demands.
However, even after the establishment of the expert committee, the names of any of the members have not been announced for the term.
Although there has been a decrease in traffic jam in Mawiong and parts of Mawlai, the question is why only vehicles coming up from Mawiong are allowed to enter this heavy road.
In the midst of despair and darkness, the Ephphatha Society has emerged as a hope and light among many parents. be visionary in its work and working methods through its leaders and members and one day it will be able to achieve the ultimate goal of the Society and that is to establish a special school, to set up special educational institutions and also to provide rights and assistance to all children in the district and beyond as well.
The accused admitted that he had challans, invoices and e-way bills for the 52,000 MT of coal.
It is because of the failure of our kur ka jait to control those exploiters that our district councils will also be affected.
Is there any restriction on Muslims from any other country?The CAA does not repeal the laws relating to change of citizenship.
The number of samples tested till 2 pm is 35,021, 33,492 are negative, 750 are pending and 24,055 people have entered the state. Shillong: There have been 41 new cases of Covid-19 in the state today.
“Three years later, you didn't have anything else.
I came out immediately because I came out to your son yesterday and said that you want me to come out here.
The Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBA) has renewed its office bearers for a four-year term (2022-2026) on the 20th of this month.
After campaigning in Arunachal Pradesh, Rahul will return to Meghalaya to address a public rally to be held at Resubelpara, North Garo Hills district to campaign for Congress candidate Daryl William Momin. to contest against former Lok Sabha Speaker Purno A Sangma.
At this time, Israel will throw away the horse, the rider, the chariots... it will throw away the Governors and the Deputies.
The word ei means to receive, while the word ei means to receive without paying; The word lei means that it doesn't differ much, while the word lei means the fertilizer that covers the leaves like a book; The word ter ter means to continue more and more, while ter means to continue; The word mar mar means quickly and without delay, while mar has two meanings, one is a piece of equipment such as goods and the other means something that is divided into two parts such as equal or equal or marshisien. etc; The word sometimes means to smile, while the word sometimes means the sound of a strong plate; The word moi moi is the part of the eyes near the shyllangmat, the red ngab and the earlobe, while moi has no meaning ei but it has a way of speaking that is not right. the word written does not mean to love.
Shillong: Heavy rainfall has reached 47.4mm in Sohra, today, from 8.30 am to 8.30 pm.
Shillong, Naiwieng: U MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah PT Sawkmie on Tuesday expressed his satisfaction with the construction of the new road from Mawlai Umphrew to Nongkohlew. .3 crore for the construction of the 6 kilometer road in the presence of Rangbah Shnong Bah D.Sohshang, former Rangbah Shnong Bah Elgin Langstieh, women, PWD officials and others.
Also present on the occasion were JSM Central Body President Leningstar Rymbai, Western Region President Ribok Biam, Headmaster Ummulong Sir.
On the other hand, Nongkrem is also a strong team to beat Ryntih and it is expected that the quarter match between these two teams will be very interesting.
After the meeting, a public hearing will be held.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) had allowed the helicopter to pick up the Prime Minister, but it could not land due to the heavy rain.
Regarding the candidate for the 2023 MLA election, the President said that no one has applied for ticket from the party, but the party is in the process of finding the best candidate for the party. The President of the UDP Pynursla Circle said that the party has been working hard to achieve the goal of victory.
At the same time, the CEM said that after the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHAA) Act, 2021 became law, the Council has now rushed to draft the Rules.
Therefore, let us purify our hearts so that God will have a place to dwell and rule our lives, this is God's will for all people.
From that time on, the Shyngoid began to spread in the Christmas custom.
The second part of the discussion was on agriculture, as many people have gone to the fields every day without following the rules of the lockdown. The Waheh Shnong of Khansaro, Monmi Dkhar, Elias Susngi, Waheh Raij Namdong and Dawan Lyngdoh have been appointed to explain to the village leaders. that any announcements for the district, to provide information to the residents of the district in relation to any matter especially in relation to agriculture and the supply of food items to all the village.
“If I win as MP, I will be like Modi's youngest son,” said Sanbor.
On health, the BJP has promised to increase the Ayushman Bharat scheme to Rs 10 lakh to support the poor families.
The five arrested include Pyndap Sumer, the driver of the vehicle, Turong Surong, Lip Buam, Joy Sumer, Tei Mulat, Ribok Rymbai, Iaineh Suting and Seibor Shadap.
We are no longer surprised by her accusations, but we will not allow her to make unfounded accusations against our nation.
“PA Sangma is the founder of schools across the state, but Conrad K Sabgna is the founder of teachers from schools in the state,” said Birbor Riangtem, one of the teachers. in this protest.
Four persons from Mizoram were injured in the incident and one of them was cut off in the neck and was admitted to Kolasib district hospital. who is very sick.
The reason why the auto drivers in Nongpoh have demanded that the government should increase the price of petrol and diesel in the past few months. As auto drivers who earn their living by earning autos, they have suffered a lot from the increase in the price of petrol and diesel.
Bah HDR Lyngdoh won the MLA election in 1988 from the HSPDP. He first served as Minister of Sports and others.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has already announced that the Government is ready to send back the residents of the State who are stranded in Imphal especially in schools and has taken measures to ensure that they free from the threat of violence and the tense situation in Manipur.
On January 31, 2021, he explained to the media.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The oldest political party in the state, the HSPDP, will leave for Delhi next month to submit a petition to the Prime Minister (PM)'s office. The state is not the Khasi people.
mKane you are.
AAY rice will be 35 kilos per card at T.3 per kilo, PHH rice will be distributed at T.3 per kilo per head, PHH rice will be distributed at T.3 per kilo. 7.215/- per head, the price is T.12.70/- to T.13.00/- per kilo.
Shillong, March 13: The Union of Village Authorities of Mawlasnai and Tyrso Gram Sevak Circle, today met with the Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi under the leadership of Bah Peter Thongni as the Sordar of Mawlasnai.
“This statement today in the Synrai Dorbar on the involvement of our CM and a drug trafficker raises questions on this issue, and according to the law the CM should also be investigated accordingly. for the safety of the residents,” said KHNAM Working President Thomas Passah.
“To promote tourism we must preserve the forests which can produce water and if there are no trees it means there are no valleys.
After working at the school for 45 years the M/C retired him because he was old.
The Rangbah Shnong, Edyson Shylla, said that these are the families who earn their living by wage labour.
Count the dividends! How can the Government run the state, when only the factory that is still running has been closed down? You are from the same Dhar Company.
It is only after 21/7/22 when she wins and becomes President and when she sits on the throne of President, that it is a good time to meet her on this issue, and If the MDA is concerned about what Bah Metbah has put before the candidate, and if the MDA meets face to face with a delegation with a memorandum on this issue, the Christians in In India.
The actions of Bah PN Syiem and Bah Paul Lyngdoh have their own purposes.
Nongpoh: In the final of the Independence Day Cricket Tournament 2019, Umling-XI Youth Club won the title of the Independence Day Cricket Tournament 2019 at Byrnihat Ground. They beat Amjok Youth Club by 7 wickets.
In Mizoram, the fighting in the small state will be between the Congress, which has been in power for many years, and the Mizo National Front (MNF) led by Zoramthanga.
When asked whether the party will contest from all 70 constituencies or only a few, he said it depends on the authorities whether to contest or not.
The training center has trained thousands of qualified teachers.
At the same time, he said that in fact, many of the development works he has brought to Mawsynram during his tenure as MLA and MDC and it is the right of the people to feel sorry for him. He went to contest but until now he has no feeling to do so because the people of Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah have given him their trust in the MDC election and even in the MLA election he has lost slightly.
He said that this problem can be solved only if we know how to elect leaders who have the ability and responsibility to do something about it.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) was founded in 1978 as a struggle for the preservation of the Hynniewtrep people. .
A brief talk on the history of the village by one of the elders of the village, NK Lamare who is also the Chairman of the Souvenir Committee.
On the 6th November 2014, a man named Wanlam Bok Kharkongor from Pomlakrai, Mawbynna, has lodged a complaint with the police that while he was returning home on his scooty, he suddenly fell in the middle of the road. stopped by some strangers.
Dr. Fabian said this because he has seen that many of the leaders in the constituencies even in Mawkyrwat Constituency are traders and not leaders of the people.
Shillong: U Minister in charge of Home Affairs in the State Government, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, on Tuesday said that the department cannot take any action to punish anyone, but there is an allegation. , but you have to walk according to the law.
She alleged that this government has claimed to have done many things but in fact it has been approved by the previous government and has already allocated funds.
Sohmylleng village has 143 households and more than 500 residents.
HK Singh Memorial Secondary School, Jowai, who represented Meghalaya in the 62nd edition of the Subroto Cup International Football Tournament Under-14 (Sub Junior Boys), has qualified for the quarterfinals.
Jowai, July 15: The Dorbar Shnong Wapungskur has warned against the robbers who commit crimes by killing people and breaking bodies within the border of Wapungskur. the Village of Wapungskur.
KSU Mawkyrwat Circle has strongly condemned the arrest of Rutherford Lyngdoh, General Secretary of KSU Mawkyrwat Circle on charges of shooting death of an engineer, NHIDCL on the 7th of this month in Mawkyrwat.
On the other hand, Dr. Mukul said that there may be many problems such as the provision of employees because there is a lack of relationship between demand and production to pay or provide for the needs of employees. General Doctors or Specialists, but nevertheless he will try to do what is right in the hope that these problems will be resolved in due course.
Entry Tickets can be obtained from the following shops:-.
Mayven said that the problems of the youth in today's society are unemployment, drug abuse, decline in human values, violence against the authorities. who are trying to eradicate civilization and poverty.
Strongly condemning the statement of HANM, he said that the village has a relationship with all the parties and there has never been any problem or misunderstanding with other parties because they respect and work together for the sake of HANM. you are good.
The Minister said that Assam and Meghalaya have a border area of ​​36.79 sq km of which Assam has allocated 18.33 square kilometers to the neighboring state.
However, in this regard, it is impossible to know whether in the world it can happen.
H Lalthlangliana, Deputy Commissioner, Kolasib, said that Assam police had entered Mizoram's property at Zophai, near Bairabi town and stolen household items. who were to build a bridge in the area.
They said that the state government has ended their lives by throwing them away even though they have passed the examination and has not listened to their complaints until today.
The family members have lodged a complaint at Jowai Police Station.
Therefore, all the market dwellers, who come from different parts of the country, are requested to take this as an important announcement.
The order also prohibits drivers from smoking cigarettes inside vehicles.
Let us look at some of the works of God's hand, which show that God has a purpose to reveal and make known to the whole world.
The health center was inaugurated by Bah AL Hek, Minister of State for Meghalaya which is still in the OPC Block and was also witnessed by Jirang MLA Bah Sosthenes Sohtun. , Dr. Aman War, former DHS, Rangbah Shnong of Mawsmai and other elders and residents of Mawsmai.
“If the AITC can form a government in Meghalaya, it will give the power to rule by the people of Meghalaya for the people of Meghalaya, not by other people from outside the state,” he said. said Dereck O.Brien.
These robbers cut down trees and destroyed the roof of the cemetery on the 20th of last month.
“Today we have received a detailed explanation on how the roster system works and how to follow it in the future and how it used to be in the past and after this explanation from all the cabinets. they have done this after it was explained," he said.
The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) has done something to improve the stadium after 11 years of deterioration. This stadium, or the people, especially those who have used this stadium more and more, have understood the value of maintaining this stadium. groups of people who normally pay rent to play in this arena.
The opening ceremony was attended by JHADC MDCs including JHADC Chairman Dr. Sankey Shangpung, Emlangki Lamare and Seibor Shadap, Assistant Waheh Shnong Kynjaimon Amse, other village leaders and elders.
Meghalaya too at that time was afraid that those who had been excluded from the NRC would flood in. However, after carefully examining the names of those 42 lakh people who had been excluded from the NRC, found that only 19 lakh people are entitled to lose their registration.
He said that if this law of KHADC is followed, it means that the MLA of Nongpoh, Bah Mayralborn Syiem, is no longer a Khasi, because he gave his jait to his father.
In connection with the health of the people, Dr. Lamb wrote this report after he and his mother visited these Khasi hills in
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Monday directed the Voice of the People Party (VPP) to refrain from politicizing the issue of home affairs. Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) has relocated 342 households from Metor, Mawlong Market to land owned by the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB).
The Seng Khasi Kmie takes this opportunity to extend its best wishes to the Behdieñkhlam festival of the Seiñraij Jowai, which will be held on the 6th (Pynsiñ), 7th (Mulong) , 8 (Musiang) & 9 (Monday) of this month,
The Land & Survey Records Department has also completed its duty to survey the land.
The three youths were returning from Mawngap and were on their way to Shillong.
In another incident, police said that Hrisikesh Roy, Assistant Manager (C), NPCC Ltd.
He also expressed his surprise when he entered the House that his seat was no longer here, but elsewhere.
When we all say we don't know, shouldn't we stop implementing it? In addition to what has been mentioned above, this behavior and actions of ours, shows these characteristics which affect our own lives, and they are as follows :-1
Thus, in connection with the RTI search, it was found that in the year 2019-2020, the lists or names of those who received the scheme for kwai, tympew, sohtrun, sohniamtra and other agricultural products.
According to the report, 36 people from abroad came to witness the festival and about 250 people came to take part in the festival.
As a school teacher, Shongknor from time to time asks questions to the MLAs who take part in the debate and thus the debate increases.
Shillong: The All Meghalaya Dancer's Association (ADA) together with Sain Production after selecting from across the Districts, Sub-Divisions has reached the Quarter Semi Finals.
He said that the ATMs will be fully operational even during these holidays and there will be no disruption in the operation of the banks. holidays, according to a statement from the PiB.
There are 53 posts of Driver Fireman, 26 posts of Mechanic, 205 posts of MPRO Operator, 56 posts of Signal/BN Operator and 1494 posts of Armed Branch Constable. /battalion constables/MPRO GD/ constable handyman, 143 posts Driver constable.
At the same time, the JSM reminds the Deputy Commissioner of EJH on some of the issues that the JSM has already sent a notice for the benefit of the people. Board at DTO office, Khliehriat along with the cost of registration for vehicles along with the necessary documents.
All the residents are encouraged to participate in the various games organized during this month.
The State Energy Efficiency Action Plan (SEEAP) was inaugurated by the Director, Finance, MeECL, Ramakrishna Chitturi, IAS as the chief guest in the presence of Bah MF Mawlieh, Senior Electrical Inspector, Inspectorate. of Electricity, Bah I.Tariang, Deputy Electrical Inspector and Manager of Deloitte, Nitish Kumar.
According to the video, the man was seen when he was caught by the fish and tried to drag the man into the water after the fish caught him. your hand that day.
“As a member of the regional committee of Ri-Bhoi district, we are still in talks with Assam but due to the upcoming Lok Sabha elections, this work has been postponed.
He said that as a former MDC of Nangbah Constituency he has brought a lot of development but compared to the last four years in the MDC Nangbah Constituency there has been no development.
However, the CEM urged the officers and leaders of the JHADC Staff Association not to mislead them as the EC has not been idle when fighting for their salaries.
The 26-year-old woman is from Sakware village near Adokgre, Kharkutta.
The government has appointed its own people to head the committee and nothing has come out of the investigation.
“In the meeting with the Principal of the College, the union has suggested that the admission procedure should be online mode and the college has accepted this suggestion. it is right and believe that in the years to come, we will witness this," the statement added.
Shillong: The CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla, on Tuesday said that the Governor of Meghalaya has written to the Commissioner and Secretary of the District Council Affairs Department. to inform that he has received four Bills including the KHAD Regulation 2018, the KHAD Rules 2018, the United Khasi-Jaintia hills District (Establishment of Town Committee) (Second Amendment) rules 2018 and the KHAD (Khasi Social Custom of Lineage (First Amendment) Bill
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Metbah said that the UDP will talk again soon if necessary, as the UDP stands on the ground that corruption should not be allowed as expressed to the prime minister earlier.
Rupang spoke to Bah Hoji Suting, Secretary of the Jaiaw Laitdom Dorbar Shnong, who said that last year, the Dorbar Shnong, had strengthened with trees to protect the from the collapse of the cemetery, which is also located near the road.
Shillong, June 9: The Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in charge of Trade and Industry, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, today informed the public through the media about the work done by the Trade and Industry Department during the past year. which he was within the department.
Trusting in God is one of the most important qualities in our lives as believers of the Lord.
This is the shop of Karamon Lyngdoh Nongbri and there are about 15 shopkeepers here.
After the training, the farmers were taken to KVK Farm to witness for themselves the demonstrations of the Vermicomposting Unit, Oyster Mushroom, Buckwheat, Azolla Culture Unit. and especially how to grow jhur inside the Polyhouse under the explanation of the Farm Manager of KVK West Khasi Hills Bah H.Sungoh.
This is probably due to the custom in Jaintia Hills.
There are 28 recoveries in the state today including 14 cases in East Khasi Hills including 1 High Risk, 1 Returnee, 1 Police Personnel, 1 from Jhalupara Cluster, 1 from Laban Cluster. One from Lumparing Cluster, one from Lumpynngad Cluster, two from Madanryting Cluster, one from Mawpat Cluster, one from Mawprem Cluster, one from Pynthorumkhrah Cluster and one from Golflink Cluster.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will also visit the hospital soon.
There was also a 5 km Red Run Marathon with the participation of 183 students. The Sub-Inspector of Khliehriat Police Station, James Dkhar, released the you can run a marathon.
One of the Ministers, Bah Sñiawbhalang Dhar said, “The Block Office is the most important office for the people especially in the rural areas and the schemes introduced by the government work through the blocks. “Therefore, the distance of the office has caused a lot of trouble and has made it difficult for the people to go to the offices,” he said. He also praised the wisdom of the Prime Minister because as soon as he leaves, he can take a decision that will bring closer to the people.
He said that a reply has been sought from the Attorney General of the State Government on the Supreme Court's order.
Another recipient of the assistance from the MIIS is Bah Marplie Lyndem who said that he escaped being harassed by the employees of the DTO, Shillong.
Speaking to reporters, Wallambor Nongsiej, President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawkyrwat Circle, after meeting with the Medical Superintendent, said that she went to meet him after receiving a lot of information. Many of the residents of the Civil Hospital, Mawkyrwat have complained about the lack of services at the Civil Hospital, Mawkyrwat.
Any nation always struggles to protect itself.
To preserve the Khasi medical skills, Prof Tiwari urged the Khasi doctors not to hide their skills but to share them with others so that when they leave this country, world others can use.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that scientific coal mining will start soon in Meghalaya, despite the controversy as the land belongs to the private sector.
Lasky Rymbai, Dy.CEM of JHADC, is currently in charge of the project.
The Meghalaya High Court has only one judge after the retirement of Justice Tarun Agarwala, who retired on 3rd October
In the interview, the shopkeepers said that they buy these pashor kait at their own prices. They said that one pashor kait is tall and lymphuin with beautiful leaves. pait leaves and large round leaves cost up to T.500 and T.600 tyngka, while smaller leaves cost T.300 tyngka each.
From the discovery of the three kpep, it is understood that the inhabitants of the village in the past had only three kurs, but according to the Rangbah Shnong of Laitduh, he said that initially there were only three kurs. nar here and these three tribes erected each stone and are called to this day the stones of the three houses.
The race will start at 6.00 pm and the participants will register at 5:30 AM at Kiang Nangbah Indoor Stadium. take part in this race.
In his speech, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that whether the students are medal winners or passers, what is important is that everyone has their part to play.
P.Nongkhlaw scored the first goal for Mawnianglah Youth SC (62 min) while Peterstone Lamare scored the second goal for Risa Colony SC (52 min).
Shillong: The Community Hall of Seiñ Raij Barato, which was donated by the MDC of the constituency, Ma Aiborlang Shadap under the SAG Scheme 2019-20, was inaugurated today.
Two of his passports, Spanish and Brazilian, were also confiscated and he is said to be unable to pay the debt for his house in Brazil.
When contacted by the Sordar Shnong, Bah Phiro, he said that on Sunday night, there was a very different and strong wind above the sky. Siejlieh village and the storm, if it had not hit the ground, has destroyed many houses.
They said that all these women who have already paid more than 3 lakh tyngka to him, he has been doing this since June, 2023 but he has already distributed only about 20 gas cylinders. but until now the man has disappeared without leaving the village.
Heaven and earth shall be filled with the unthankful.
A Souvenir of the 25th Anniversary of LSYA was also launched. Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, in his speech, praised the LSYA, Jowai for taking the initiative to lead the youth which is a good example for other villages. .
It is said that there is no bishop who does not appoint himself to consecrate a priest.
And, behold, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world.
So that you will not be surprised by this writing I will quote from the Bible which is the religious book of Christians.
Gymnastic, Judo, Karate, Swimming, Shooting, Softball, Spprts Climbing & Mountaineering, Table Tennis, Tennis, Taekwando, Volleyball, Weighlifting, Wrestling and Wushu.
Chandana Das and her team, Chairman of the Meghalaya Youth Foundation Joannes JTL Lamare, Sordar of Mawpyrshong Village, members of the Dorbar Shnong, residents and farmers who received the assistance.
On this occasion, the MLA of Mawlai, Bah PT Sawkmie, thanked the Chief Minister and the Minister of C&RD, Bah Hamlet Dohling for including Mawlai in the census. town to benefit from this scheme for 100 days.
It is learned that these goods are made of siej and shken.
“I don't know about those others. Please ask Dr Mukul Sangma.
During the programme, there was also a discussion which was very beneficial for the traditional healers.
The couple, who had been bound by love for 123 days, however, broke up as soon as they escaped from the chain of love.
According to the order issued by the MSPCB signed by BK Lyngwa (IFS), Chairman of the Board and Member Secretary on 10th November 2020 and in accordance with the rules, '33 (A) of the water The Prevention and Control of Pollution Act, 1974 in section 31 (A) of the Air Act, 1981, states that the factory should be closed down immediately and if it does not comply, shall be punished in accordance with the provisions of these sections.
It is also a pride that the President of the country, Draupadi Murmu will stay at this complex during her soon visit,” he said.
The prepaid meter will be adjusted monthly according to consumption.
“However, when I said I would help them, it means that we can provide the funds for the three groups of ADC, including KHADC, JHADC and GHADC,” said Tynsong. The Ministry of Finance is working hard to provide assistance to them (JHADC).
On this occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma congratulated the implementation team of the Jal Jeevan Mission in Meghalaya for their hard work.
It is for these reasons that other parties like the Congress and BJP have supported the UDP. This is not a matter of public issues.
Shillong:"The pressure of the Chief Minister at that time was only on the pressure of the Chief Minister.
Some of the areas affected by the spread of Hepatitis A include Loco Colony, Madhyam Khanda, No 26 Colony, Hatat Colony, Kalibari, Srinathpatti and Moriyapatti.
Those who are not the children of Hynniewtrep, when they live and work in the Bri u Hynniewtrep, shall not be owners or masters, but shall be our servants and employees.
Siddaramaiah, also known as Sidda, is one of the Congress leaders who defeated the BJP in the last elections in Karnataka and will be able to take over. the post of Chief Minister of the state, in the coming days; but in this age of mobile, internet, social media; But what is surprising is how Sidda won the election, when he himself did not answer the phone.
He also launched school and training books translated into 12 Indian languages.
The Prime Minister said that the Government will leave for Delhi only with a few of its Ministers and the political parties will have to leave after receiving information on the time and date. can't be counted.
When inquired, the Deputy Commissioner said that the organizers of the competition and also the Village Leaders of Ksehkohlong came to his office and said, “I have made it clear that what happened, will continue. and take your own way.
Soon, if it can be really beautified, it will attract more people around the market.
Introducing the Bill in the Lok Sabha, Union Minister in charge of Information & Broadcasting, Anurag Singh Thakur said, “This Bill is another step by the Modi Government to remove it is also the introduction of new laws for a new India.
Guwahati: The BJP MLA from Assam, Dilip Kumar Paul, today said that if you put besli first before milking a cow, the cow will give more milk.
Speaking on the occasion, Martle, MDC Mawkynrew, said that the UCC will promote the customs and traditions of the people. of accession which introduced the Sixth Schedule under articles 244 (2) and 244 (1).
Kishan and Jaskirat managed to tie the remaining run within half an hour this morning.
“If there is a public debate, the people will know that the HSPDP has misled the people on these issues,” said Bah Shylla.
Bah Lapang congratulated Bah Mayraldborn Syiem for his success in his work, especially for the development of the villages in the Nongpoh Constituency and the District as a whole.
It is also an opportunity to think about how to develop the state in the next 50 years.
Shillong: U THS Bonney, MP candidate of KHNAM, today lodged a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) with the Supreme Court requesting the Supreme Court to intervene in the case. There is no border between Meghalaya and Assam.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The MPCC President DD Lapang on Tuesday said that the people of the state should not hesitate to vote for the Congress in the upcoming elections, so that they will not be disappointed later.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 9: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawshynrut Circle together with the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongsleh Unit under the leadership of Samla Losbingnel Lyngkhoi, has donated the house of Trioris Wanniang. On 8/2/2023 at 1 pm, while I was harvesting Synsar, I was killed in a fire. rep, but fortunately no one was injured.
Government authorities, village authorities, church authorities, organization authorities have been conducting environmental celebrations every year through various programs in their own respective areas. The seeds of what we have lost because most of the time it seems that the implementation of these programs ends up as intellectual spectacles.
The game was organized by one of the artists, Gerrit Starczewski,
However, almost all these foreigners have filed birth certificates without even a court order which raises the question how the birth certificates were issued without court orders,” said the union.
He urged the government to look into this.
The Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) has renewed its office bearers for the term 2022-2
“The NPP will lose its reputation in Garo Hills because of its alliance with the BJP because the people of the state are strongly opposed to the BJP which attacks the minorities,” said Limison. Mukul Sangma's NPP will be defeated.
He said that in the past years, the nation has produced leaders who like to divide the villages and townships and who have also created group divisions in the nation.
In these days, we all are filled with fear and anxiety to go to work and touch because of this disease Covid 19 has spread all over the place but don't be afraid don't be afraid for we know that God is with us in our days, when we go, when we come, when we work, when we walk, so don't be afraid of all these things because of him. God be with you every day and at all times and when we go anywhere we must not forget that rule which has been set by that health so that we can escape from that problem. Please follow the directions of the Government so that we can bring peace and order in our state and remember that if we count If we appreciate what is good, we appreciate and respect the law of God because the Word of God also says be of one mind, one thought, one spirit and stand. and together ye shall overcome all these things.
The EIA 2020 will not only affect one or two states but the country as a whole as well as the world and especially our Khasi Hills.
The HYC also informed the Minister about the shortage of school fees.
On the women's side, North Liberty HS School won four gold, five silver and one bronze medals.
Therefore, I congratulate the rulers for having a spirit of responsibility, otherwise the youth in this age will fall into misguidance and become addicted to drugs which is an alcoholic beverage to destroy the country. life that young".
When asked about the Government's increase in taxes, the Minister said that the Government has not only increased the tax on vehicles, but also the fare of vehicles. to raise last year after about 10 years of no fare increases.
Some are quick to catch on; don't be afraid.
I can't go to the shon budam anymore because I'm too old.
Various videos have now started to appear, showing the incident, which led to the death of these five persons.
Of these, 248 PACS have started their work.
Chapter 5.1 – The Lamin clan in Mynso, Baroto and others.
“When you come to Meghalaya, you should first understand the issues in the state and not talk about issues from outside the state. sign it to your MOU".
Furthermore, it was reported that the Meitei and Bengalis have been destroying the farmland of the Khasi people in the village and until now, the Khasi are still living in fear.
On the Reservation Policy, the MLA of Jowai said that because of Bah Ardent, the Khasi Jaintia youth who are looking for jobs have lost because before Bah Ardent's struggle, the Khasi Jaintia youth received more jobs. of others besides the share allocated to them, but now because of Bah Ardent they have lost.
According to the Civil Society of Women Organization (CSWO), the department has purchased only 500 medicines in 2010-11 but in 2011-12, it has purchased up to , 075, 00 lakh units.
He said that according to the decision of the Delhi High Court in 2009, what the two men did was not illegal but in 2013, the decision was overturned.
Because we have a kur that protects us, we live in our own Hima or Elaka and we still have kur relationships and kur agreements from one Hima to another.
“If the company cannot provide clarity, the union will talk to the government to cancel the contract to this company and give it to others,” said Bah Diengdoh.
There has also been an increase in the chances for spectators to see Italian football teams reach the final for the first time since Serie A club Juventus. Inter Milan could face either AC Milan or Napoli in the semifinals in 2017;  If AC can beat Benfica.
Shillong, July 05: U Bah BL Nongbri alias Bah Ban, a young man from Mawlai Nongkwar, on Saturday morning, has announced that he will contest the MLA election You will be elected from the KHNAM party in Mawlai Constituency.
Besides, they have not been seated in the car, they have been seated only with the lyngknot (Chairman/Vice Chairman) as one of the NPP leaders has already warned them.
After Sachin was out in the ball of Shaisngi Lyngdoh (1/21), Rajesh Bishnoi managed to throw Saurabh through the lbw.
The syllad urged the people who have ordered their goods today to wait as there are some arrangements with the district authorities and tomorrow the goods will be delivered.
Leaders and members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit have seized 28 kilos of heroin from a vehicle from the gate. Sonapyrdi village on Saturday.
In Bangladesh, schools have been closed and people have been ordered not to gather lymbrum to prevent the spread of the disease.
Leaders of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Sengkmie, including Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, President of the KSU, said that the government officials from Assam have crossed the border into the Khasi village. Samla Biangbor L.Paliang, Vice-President of KSU Sengkmie, Samla Ferdynald K.Kharkamni, President of KSU Ri Bhoi District and others, on 14th November, visited the village. to encourage and consult with the people in the village.
The athletes were welcomed by members of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) and the District Administration of West Garo Hills at ISBT, Tura for the 10-month tournament.
“Because the corona virus does not discriminate against religion or race, I urge the public not to insult the hospital staff or anyone who has symptoms of the disease,” he said. and Conrad K Sangma.
Turning to Christianity, under this umbrella of Christianity, there are many church groups. 70 per cent of the population of Meghalaya are Christians in these various churches.
The Minister said that once the order is received from the Madras High Court to send these children to the state, the department will immediately send its officers to pick them up.
According to reports, the singer, after divorcing Gerard Pique, wants to live only with her children.
In the petition, signed by Hercules Suting, General Secretary of the HYC Ri Bhoi District, the HYC RNC strongly opposes the proposal to purchase land by the BSF in the area.
Ka Thma U Rangli (TUR) led by Ka Thma U Rangli (TUR) today held a public rally at Standbus Mawlai to demand the establishment of a strong Lokayukta. remove the old one that has no intention of punishing the corrupt.
Round 1 will be played from 4th to 12th October 2023 and Round 2 from 1st to 11th July.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) will commemorate Jeebon Roy at its General Headquarters on 16th June 2014, said Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw Publicity Secretary. six months without electricity.
Shullai said that he had not received any invitation to join the delegation from the state to Dhaka but until the last minute he could not join. and this group because of the presence of the Dorbar Mang Tyngka in the Legislative Assembly.
Jeffry Surong of Nongrim Hills won the Man of the Match award and Nongrim Hills will face Sawmer SC in the second leg. r of this tournament.
Leaders of KSU Lumshnong include Deibormi Dkhar as President, Hame Gympad as Vice President, Yooni G Muksor as General Secretary, Lucky Star Pdang as Asst General Secretary and Shanmi Syrti as Organizing Secretary. , Mihsalan Truh as Education Secretary, Mechak Kyndoh as Sport Secretary, Pritimon Mukhim as Finance Secretary, Babu Challam and Arkini Kyndoh as Office Secretary.
We know that Bill Gates is one of the richest men in the world of enterprise and has made a great contribution in many areas of health.
If the Government continues to suspend the recruitment as requested until the Reservation Policy is revised, the impact on the youth job seekers especially those who have reached the age of job seeking will increase. Government.
After the break, Lajong didn't worry too much about taking the lead by only 10 goals against Mawlai, but after only 5 minutes, Lajong found that they had lost. score again 3-0.
The Sordar said that they have met with the DC of East Khasi Hills in a few days and expressed their opposition, but it is understood that the DC has agreed to continue talks and to learn more. It is understood that the Government of India has set a price of T.1,400 per meter for those who have land to erect signboards. “There are land owners in Raid Lyting who want to erect signs, but the Raid is still against it,” said the Sordar.
In another development, 25 people were killed and more than 200 injured in a bomb blast at a Shia mosque in Kuwait on Tuesday. The incident took place at the Al-Imam al-Sadeq mosque in Kuwait.
However, Paul Lyngdoh's speech after being sworn in as Minister in the MDA II government, in which he said that the people should think for themselves because the UDP has nominated up to 47 candidates, but and the multitude prevailed against him.
Thus, bankhia is a 'tienkaplang' that means that something has been forcibly thrown into it and can no longer be supported.
He said that he wants to get the symbol of helicopter, auto rickshaw but among them he wants an auto rickshaw to be the symbol of the upcoming elections.
Labour Minister Satyanand Bhokta, in reply to a question by his MLAs in the State Assembly, said that the implementation procedures in this regard will soon be implemented. it works.
The enemies of Thomas Jones may see him as defeated, but the Khasi people will never forget him.
To inform the public that Ayurveda is a useful medicine.
It is a family that lives a life in harmony with the Word of God.
The meeting will be held at Tamabil, Sylhet.
It also decided to extend the term of office of Chief Engineer, PWD (Standard), CW Momin and Chief Engineer, PWD (R), Bah L Passah for another 10 years until 30th June
Let us know and remember that man does not die but sleeps, he will rise again on the day of the First Resurrection – says the Word of God.
In the men's category, Ram Passah (WJH) won by defeating Tuleiitre Kyndiah (WJH) in the final.
The Government of India's target of bringing drinking water to every household through the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) will be meaningless if the conservation of forests is not protected. wells, streams and rivers which have begun to turn into garbage dumps and dustbins of people who hate garbage and who love only to clean only the four corners of their homes.
Political parties or candidates should not allow their followers to use land, houses, households etc. without the permission of the land owners for the purpose of raising flags, wah sla-antor, tah announcement, write more ter ter.
The Jaintia Students Movement (JSM) Saphai Unit on Saturday after extending the curfew due to the spread of COVID-19 in West Jaintia Hills District, distributed foodgrains to 65 households in Saphai.
“Here the revenue of the state has been borne by a few people and these people may be the richest in the state but to make only 15 -20 people rich does not benefit the citizens. bring prosperity to all," he added.
However, Marconi could not bear it and lost his wicket for WJH to score 116 runs, with only 17 runs left to win in 3.2 overs.
He also urged the staff of the hospital to continue to work hard and love their job to provide the best service to the people in terms of health and other needs. As an MLA, he will submit a report to the government on the needs that need to be met at the PHC, he added.
He said the NEC plans to fence the Umroi Airport and intends to raise funds to build a runway and expand the runway to 1500 feet.
The EVP is a program to enable the residents to correct errors in the Epics, to register those over 18 years of age who have not been able to register as well as those who have reached the age of 18 years.
More than a month passed.
Police alleged that Bernard had turned his house into a brothel.
He said that from time to time the people hear that if they cultivate synsar, the umpohliew will dry up but in his experience as a farmer, if the synsar farmers refuse to cultivate them, There is no impact on the wells in these farmlands.
Speaking at the meeting, Acting Basan of the Kur Lyngdoh Nonglait, Bah Brolding, said that Maieit Hoping is a man who never hesitates to talk about the issue of border reconciliation. Assam.
Nongstoiñ, July 10: The government's promise to resolve the border issue with Assam in the Langpih sector has not yet come true.
He said that 14 groups will take part in the two day festival including groups from Nongtalang, Jowai, Sohbar, Mylliem and others.
In the Top-10, LBBHSS has secured 2 positions in Science and 2 positions in Commerce.
They handed over their resignation letter from the post of MLA to the Lamphang, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, who accepted their decision.
It is as if it were covered with a white colour, not white like shun, like ior.
Saleng is the son of Billy A Sangma.
“This will reduce the durability of the road and will quickly destroy the road,” said the Federation.
On 31st October 2018, the MGCCL handed over the market to the District Horticulture Officer (DHO), Ampati who handed over the market to the GHADC on the same day.
In the away leg, Lajong managed to score 10 goals against Rajasthan United.
Speaking on the occasion, Thombor said that they stand on the ground that rule 123 empowers the Chairman to conduct the affairs of the dorbar as well as those not included in the rule. empty Chairman.
They have decided together and implemented what they have decided or approved in their Cabinet.
He said he had written to DoNER Minister Dr. Jitendra Singh to express his strong opposition to the UCIL uranium mining project in the state and he had received a reply from the Government of India that the Government will Uranium cannot be mined without the consent of the people.
Because the residents said that if this happens in the capital of the state, how much more in the rural areas where if the electricity goes out, they have to stay in darkness for months.
She added that the various projects allocated under the ECRP-II are long-term projects and these are ongoing.
According to sources, these five prisoners escaped from Lunglei District Jail on Tuesday morning.
At the same time, he also visited several places in East Jaintia Hills District, including a coke plantation.
If you need money, you can go to the hospital or send your children to school.
From 1951 to 1960, Dorsing Marwein was the Sordar. 1961-1971 by Wosly Lyngdoh, 1972-2007 by Bershon Marweiñ, 2008-2017 by Bingwell Kharsohphoh.
The BSF troops searched the area and found the Bangladesh currency wrapped in plastic.
Furthermore, the Dorbar Shnong or Vigilance Committee shall be responsible for sending the applications and submitting them to the Office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District on or before 30th September, 2022 to avoid any delay in the distribution of food and beverages as well as fuel.
It is also one of the signs of respect for the farmers, because without them, we would not have food to eat.
Referring to the Tura Parliamentary Constituency, Metbah said the CEC meeting has handed over to the SEC together with some leaders from Garo Hills to take a decision on the candidate.
The Rangbah Shnong said that Likai's first husband was Morbudon and her second husband was Phuiñ.
Speaking to media, Prestone said that the state government through the Transport Department will soon start implementing the meter system for commercial vehicles such as Local Tasi, Auto Rickshaw and The fare is T26/- per kilometer and the fare is T13/- per kilometre.
“If you feel that your party is so strong, why don't they nominate candidates for Garo Hills?
At the same time, the MLA urged the CM and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh to upgrade the Umkiang PHC to a CHC. the PHC in Sumer Sirdarship and the Health Sub Center in Hingaria.
Along with the park, a Badminton, Basketball and Cricket and Football grounds were also inaugurated by the chief guest Bah Sanbor Shullai-MLA who is also the Minister of State. Only children under 12 years of age were allowed to play, and the event was attended by leaders of various groups, teachers, school children, various NGOs and residents of of Jhalupara.
DS Dkhar said that the human soul is more precious than the anniversary of the independence of the District.
The opposition of the Dorbar Shnong Umkiang is justified and grounded because we are the owners of all the land according to the 6th Schedule (District Council) Act.
“Hopefully, with their visit, they will be able to find or create ways and means to build a road or a bridge,” said Bah Thongni.
The recitation competition was divided into two parts in Khasi and English.
The construction of this road is for the benefit of the residents and especially for the benefit of the people who attend the Holy Mass. The Rangbah Shnong of Mawtawar, Bah C Kharkongor, and members of the Parish Pastoral Committee were present on the occasion. The Parish Priest, Rev. Fr T Nonglang and the sisters expressed their happiness that the road has been opened at the right time.
The Chairman of the Committee said that the reason why he wants the Hima to have their own laws is because he sees that in this age we can no longer rely solely on the rules and regulations. Practice) you don't have to worry about your customs and traditions but you don't have to worry about them.
These PDF leaders who have joined the NPP include Anthony Marbaniang, Vice President of the PDF, Drostarlin Marngar, Vice President of the Youth Front of the PDF. Trophinus Sangriang, General Secretary of the Youth Front, Johnpaul Iawphniaw, Organizing Secretary of the Wahblei Shiliang and other members and office bearers of the PDF from the constituency.
The party would like to express its gratitude to Bah Macmilan Byrsat, Lyngdoh of Nongstoin Hima and MLA of Nongstoin Constituency, who has made it a reality. Conrad K. Sangma, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, who is the only Chief Minister of Meghalaya who understands and takes care of this issue. I also congratulate the MDA government for taking the initiative to implement the issues that are necessary for the people. customs and nationality.
However, on the 20th of March, a complaint was lodged against the Fete and the SDO, Pynursla, has collected a complaint against the Fete. The meeting of the two parties, on the 21st March 2022, and it was at this meeting, that the union, understood, that there is a problem and does not want to continue the festival, because The spectators or participants will be reluctant to attend the programme.
“She said that according to the order issued by the Office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, it has been ordered that there should be no kilo cut but only to weigh the weight of byrni and kriah.
"I have been charged with more than 50 counts in various sections in six cases," he said.
Nongpoh, March 24: The RBYF Pahamlapong and Pahamsohthri Unit today held a meeting to encourage the students to continue their studies and to set an example for other students to succeed in their studies. The day honored the students of the village who passed various examinations from SSLC, HSSLC, Graduate and Post Graduate at a meeting held at the Dorbar Hall in Pahamlapong.
They were identified as Kishna Lama, Pyntngenbor Khar, Sonjip Lam, Balajit Dkhar and Dipak Lama. and Dkhar city.
Speaking to u SP East Khasi Hills, Bah Mariahom Kharkrang, he said that they are conducting an investigation into the incident.
He said that according to the RTI, there are 1,493 trading licenses issued by the JHADC in 2013-14 and 1,380 in 2014-1
The election campaign has now intensified in many states and the election campaign has been going well across the country.
Shillong, Nailur 13: Around the rural and urban villages, the people are now in doubt whether they will accept the Aadhaar number which the government authorities are trying to register their names in many villages.
Adelbert said that this incident is only a minor incident which happens on the road but if the arrest of the murder charge comes from his order. MR will make it clear that MR has used the police as his soldiers to fight against poverty.
As of 25 November 2022, BIS is a member of the ISO Council (ISO Council) Standing Committee on Strategy and Policy (CSC SP). BIS (India) is also a member of the IEC Standardization Management Board (SMB), the IEC Market Strategy Board. (MSB) (the body responsible for the identification and investigation of technology and market requirements) for the period October 2022- October 2025 and the IEC Business Advisory Committee (BAC) financial and marketing activities).
When asked what he has to say on this, Bindo said that he should not be allowed to use the method of tilling liewknai but the tilling with scientific training is very important.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that it is necessary to set up a Farmers' Commission to look into the problems of farmers in the state.
Speaking to media on Tuesday on the protest of the ASHAs, Kong Ampareen said as the Minister she has called back the ASHAs to discuss the basis of their demand and at the same time she explained. The allegations against her as the Minister and the State Government regarding the ASHAs. When they obtained the documents to verify the payments they receive from the State Government and also from the Central Government through the National Health Mission , Kong Ampareen said that the ASHAs are paid according to their performance and the State Government is also involved in providing a fixed incentive of 2000 to the ASHAs. The funds received by the ASHAs come only from the Central Government.
Those who fail to clean up the forest will have to pay a fine of up to Rs.500 tyngka. ML0A-1804 and some of the youths of the village stopped him and SS Langi lodged a complaint with the Ummulong Police Station.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District Unit has set up another unit known as the Bamkamar Unit on the 18th of this month. Four women have joined the KSU including Tiewmon Suting, Education Secretary, Iulinda Suting, Finance Secretary and two members of Barisuk Suting. you can't wait.
Please contact us at +9
Nongstoiñ: A young talented musician from Nongstoiñ has won the title of the Meghalaya Got Talent Season 3 2018 after winning the Meghalaya Got Talent Season They have qualified for the Grand Final through a wild card entry.
Ksan's parents waited to eat with Bah Sokon.
Speaking after the Cabinet meeting on Tuesday, Mukul said that the people should not be afraid on the day of the curfew but should come together to take part. part of the celebration of this day.
The senior journalist said he had left the job of journalism, which he said was his favorite job, with the intention of joining Arvind Kejriwal's Aam Admi Party.
He said that after the arrest of these four persons, an investigation has been conducted to find out more about the drug trafficking and at the same time they have been charged under the NDPS Act. a criminal provision on drug trafficking, he added.
Nongstoiñ: Three houses were burnt down in Langpih area at around 4:30 PM on Thursday evening. I am a Khasi, because I speak the Khasi language.
Supporters of Yachuli MLA Likha Saaya set fire to his residence on Sunday after he refused to contest the election again.
It is learned that the manager of the slasha farm has admitted that the land belongs to them but it has been forcibly occupied by the Khasi and other minorities who have come to live there.
God also receives and answers them and comes down in the form of the Holy Spirit to renew and transform them.
This is his 300th victory in his career and has led him to the fourth round of the tournament where he will face Asian Karatsev; He defeated Alex de Minaur 6-3, 4-6, 6-4
The Party is determined to strengthen its demand and struggle to bring about a change in the allocation system for the benefit of all in the state.
Founder and President of SPARK, Shima Modak explained the benefits of Yoga.
Visits of NIFT students and teachers to these NEHHDC recognized shlems to gather information and observe the manufacturing process.
Nongpoh: A youth identified as Jahangir Lyngdoh (21) of Nongpoh, Nongpoh, has died shortly after his bike collided with another vehicle in Nongpoh. I don't know if I've been hit by a car, because I don't know if anyone has seen it.
Shillong: Ten persons arrested for the killing of a cow at Mawpyrthuh village in Pynursla district have been released from the District Jail today.
156 children between 4 – 13 years old took part in the celebration.
“We have constitutional rights, and we will ensure that our private laws are not affected.
This exhibition depicts the struggle for India's independence by looking at the unseen heroes of the North East.
The JAC has decided to give the state government until the 11th of this month to announce the new price of dewbilat and clinker (dew saiñ dewbilat) and if the government does not give a final decision, the JAC will continue. to hold an indefinite protest.
Other ethnic groups have shot in Shillong only within hours of being arrested and released to release the violence while the Khasi youths have been arrested for release of the violence,” he said.
So this memory of mine has led me to ask myself where is this famous kaitor of Ri Khasi? The most popular musician of Shillong.
Shillong: There have been 121 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today and 74 recoveries.
Many kinds of evils have increased, many kinds of intoxicants which corrupt the minds of man have increased with the passing of the days.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the RBYF, Umsning Circle, in collaboration with several units of the Wah Umran, today, took out a mass clean-up of the Wah Umran. Hang.
Let us turn now to our own state – In the editorial of the newspaper “U Nongsain Hima” 14 September 2018 it was written that Meghalaya as it is now is one of the states in the North East. where the use of drugs has increased to a great extent.
It was proposed that there should be a Legislative Assembly/Council of 219 members of the Mylliem Syiemship to be headed by the Syiem including the Syiem, Deputy Syiem, 48 Ministers/Electors 2(two) each from the Raid, 125 (one hundred Twenty Five) Rangbah Shnong, 12(twelve) to be nominated from the Synjuk Seng Longkmie, Synjuk Seng Samla, and Eminent Elders I shall not sit in the Dorbar for four months.
The NPYF of the 17th North Shillong Constituency invites and invites all the people of the area to attend.
The problems faced by this village in Warsan-lyngdoh area are in terms of roads because due to the lack of adequate roads they have difficulty in traveling by vehicles because there are villages which There are roads but there are no good roads or painted roads and also the lack of schools is one of the reasons for the part-time schooling of children in this area. There is no secondary school and if the students want to continue their education they have to go to other places and this creates a lot of problems for the poor families.
Some DSEOs/SDSEOs who understand the work better should be included in the Commission.
Most of the places, meanwhile, had no violence.
Let us be careful, for we shall receive, indeed, many teachings from the surrounding area.
The disease has claimed 77 lives.
Newstar Sports Club, 15 overs, managed to score only 84 runs for the first time in the 15 overs. Parisha Eleven lost 8 wickets for 52 runs.
He said the BJP has nothing to say on the resignation of former BJP MLA Bah AL Hek as he is no longer a member of the BJP. to speak,” said Bah Kharsati.
When asked whether the ARPA has called a meeting with all the MDCs under its banner, he said, “I have not received a letter from the Secretary of the ARPA. it is the duty of the Secretary to convene the meeting,” he said.
Through their letters, the union has also urged the office to provide electricity to these areas.
In 2015, with the same voice and understanding, the Seiñraij Mukhla together with the Pa Daloi Elaka Nangbah did not agree to complete the ceremony. Raij Mukhla looks forward to being able to hold this ritual in the coming years with the cooperation of the altar and thanksgiving to 'Blei Synhen' These Ar Raj together with the Pa Daloi of the Elaka.
In the presence of Bah S. Lyndem, Chairman of the Organizing Committee, Bah GJL Sangriang, Chairman of the Organizing Committee, Dr. HK Thabah (MCS), Dr. LL Mawsor, Secretary, Bah GJL Sangriang, President of WKHDBA. Speaking to reporters, the Chairman of the Media and Publicity Committee said that the tournament will be held at the Indoor Stadium in Nongstoin from the 2nd to the 5th of July this year.
This was after the approval of the budget for the year 2023-'24 and other matters.
However, regarding the EVMs, he could not say anything as they have been approved by the government and decided by the Supreme Court.
Earlier, Ms. H.Sahkhar, Child Development Project Officer, ICDS Project gave the welcome speech while Ms. E. Wahlang, Lady Supervisor, ICDS, Mawkyrwat gave the welcome speech.
Speaking on the occasion, Lawyer VGK Kynta said, “I have decided to join the BJP after meeting with many party leaders, including Dipayan Chakraborty and Ernest Mawrie.
After the program in Iongpiah, the procession went down to Biar ka Blai, Pohskur and then the march to Iawmusiang.
Kiara Advani, who recently married Sidharth Malhotra, will take part in the Women's Premier League for the first time from the 4th of this month.
Thus, there will be an upheaval, fall and upheaval of Bible scholars in
Where are those murderers? Now we have seen the misuse of this government of Satan.
Speaking to the shopkeepers in Polo area, they said that they have been fighting because the intention to demolish is a violation of their rights.
They were proud and wise villages, which blocked the way for other villages to pass through their village.
Thus, a battle broke out between the Khasi and Garo in the Shella area.
The former Rangbah Shnong of Nohwet, Bah Bose Well Khongthohrem, has requested the authorities to suspend the election of the new Rangbah Shnong of Nohwet until a decision is taken by the High Court. High Court of the State.
Shillong: The FKJGP Mawkhan Unit led by Samla Trycolour Kurkalang President and General Secretary Samla Kyrshan Langstieh on 14th October 2018, has sent a letter to the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima to urge him to take action. to curb the presence of illegal Kyiad vendors in the border area of ​​Lum Shyllong and also to prevent the illegal felling of trees in the surrounding areas of Lum Shyllong; then the pollution of the environment in the parts of Lum Shyllong and surrounding areas and also to take action against the smuggling of those who come to do Awria activities in these areas.
Various women's organizations today gathered inside the office of the Chairperson of the Meghalaya Women Commission to express their opposition to the insult to the Khasi woman just because she wears a jaiñsem.
East Jaintia Hills has 2 cases and West Jaintia Hills has 3 cases.
He said that the export of timber by the four mills is because foreigners (Dkhars) are willing to buy at high prices and for that reason the timber sellers take advantage and sell the same. The price of timber inside and outside the state and the supply of timber by the indigenous people to Assam has put the state at risk of deforestation.
“We have arrested him (Banteilang Lapang) for extortion in Ri-Bhoi and East Khasi Hills,” Giri said.
The friendly match is part of the celebration of the 100th Anniversary of Dr.H.Gordon Roberts Hospital which will open in November this year and end in November
Shillong, Lber 25: There are currently 51 active cases of covid-19 in Meghalaya.
The winners of the women's sub-junior spoon race were Kressen Syiemlieh, Banrisha Thongni and Lisha Paliar. .
The number of Dkhars and Klings who have migrated to Meghalaya has now increased to 11,51,7
Olet Kharsahnoh said the decision was taken by the consensus of all the supporters who have supported the Congress party and him in the election campaign in the past years.
And others.
This is wrong, it is just like a festival to receive awards during the festival.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Convener of the meeting, Bires Laso, said that the meeting has decided to send a letter to Prestone Tynsong to request to include Mawkliaw-Kemrang in the meeting. He said that at the meeting, the Matabor (Rangbah Shnong) of Mawkliaw Kemrang has decided to withdraw his name from the letter signed by the Union of Governors. (as he announced during the Kutsnem Dorbar held on 30th November 2016 that the signing was forced at a meeting of some people which he also decided in the Dorbar to withdraw However, he has not yet removed his name from the government.
These are ONLY THE BEGINNING OF THE TRIBULATIONS. The end has not yet come.
Of these, 1388 cases were cases related to crimes against children and 1180 cases were cases related to crimes against women.
Furthermore, the scheme is to assist private individuals who own land with sufficient water supply, village groups, to take up fish farming as a means of income generation. to earn a living and to increase fish production in the State.
“If the Government does not want to cooperate, who will be responsible? We will take care not only of income but also of health,” he said.
Replying to allegations that the ANVC-B has always alleged that the police have been searching for its members and often they have been harassed by the police, the chief minister said that the ANVC leaders have been sent. -B to send all the names of its members as well as the number of its weapons for recognition as a final signature.
“The BJP has attacked in many states, whether in Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Meghalaya or Kashmir, the RSS has attacked, one of the ideas is that they have tried to implement the laws. we cannot accept it in the country and in many states”.
Tomorrow, July 13, there will be two matches.
Greatness lies in the greatness of spirit of the people of that nation itself and that greatness of spirit is the willingness to give and to serve.
Mookaiaw MLA Nujorki Sungoh's statement that the Labang-Nongphyllut area is as backward as the Amazon wildlife.
When asked whether the vision of the late UDP President Dr. Donkupar Roy has come true, Bah Paul said, “There is a difference between what has been said and done. I think we have to try to work, set goals, turn back and block so that we can rise again.
He said that the loan that MeECL will have to pay from the Atmanirbhar Bharat Abhiyan will be paid after three years to these companies and this is an assistance to MeECL. The electricity department needs to strengthen its income generation and the government has decided to implement the smart meter.
We are not afraid to sign (See www.sign.
However, it is sad to think that at the beginning of 2009, on the 1st of July, a woman was abducted and raped by more than five robbers in the Mawlyndep area.
The Union requests the State Government and the PWD Department to immediately repair this road before it turns into a forest road or disappears completely. The leaders of the people to take action to build this road.
“It is better to shed my blood before shedding the blood of the nation,” said Lambor.
D.Herbert, Deputy Commissioner U.K.J.Hills 1903, Appendix 52 page 122; It is said that the descendants of “ka Lieh” and “ka Ïong” will continue to rule within the Hima Maharam from time to time.
Basanti Devi from Bari-Ballia village in Begusarai district of Bihar has been staying at a guest house near AIIMS for the past 11 days.
The inspection was attended by MUDA Chairman Wailadmiki Shylla, CEO Shillong Municipal Board and other government officials and contractors.
However, this also means to reduce the risk, so take good care of your blood pressure and practice healthy habits.
James K Sangma will be appointed by AL Hek.
“The dissemination of accurate information will help us the residents.
The Chief Executive Member and Chairman of the Khasi District Council, Bah RM Shabong, said that hundreds of files and money worth T.10 crore have been lost from the budget of the Khasi District Council. The two new leaders of the KHADC, also alleged that the incident happened before the Executive Committee of Bah Teinwell Dkhar, fell in the past few days.
Waheh Shnongs from Lathlaboh, Northeast, Mokyrdup and Lumpariat were also present on the occasion.
Asking for the support of the people and raising the hand of Miani D. Shira, the TMC candidate from Ampati, Abhishek said that from Ampati despite the strong opposition of the NPP leaders, including Conrad Sangma, son of Dr. Mukul Sangma, will win the 2023 elections.
Other speakers on the occasion included Bah Shemphang Nonglang, President of KSU Lai Hima Zone and Bah Stalin Thongni, Sordar of Pynden-Umjarain Village. Other members of the KSU and the Sordar Shnongs of the area.
He said that during the meeting of KAS with the Defense Minister Amit Shah, he promised to look into the matter but the Society has not yet received any information from the Ministry of Home Affairs.
“The Congress has met many times to discuss these issues, even setting up a committee to look into the Roster System and Reservation Policy.
“It is very surprising that there are only 20 households, one has two villages and there is a conflict between the people between each village,” said Bah Shylla.
You do not have a Limited Load permission until you have repaired the old one.
The body of the child was found at 11:45 am by the Fire and Emergency Services and the Search and Respite Team (SRT).
Social media to promote mental health: Communication technologies and the use of social media such as Facebook, Whatsapp, Snapchat and Instagram can improve relationships.
Shillong, Lber 16: The Election Commission of India (ECI) on Saturday announced the dates for the Lok Sabha elections.
A strong fire broke out in the cathedral for about 12 hours on Sunday night, destroying the roof and other important buildings in the cathedral. .
Bah Paul Lyngdoh, who was sworn in as Minister of the new Government, said that the Cabinet this time includes those who are more experienced and experienced in the field.
“This road from Wahkaji-Phlangdiloin to Ranikor will be constructed in the form of an intermediate lane,” he said.
Speaking as the chief guest, S.Phangnon Konyak, S.Phangnon Konyak, highlighted the great contribution made by women and praised the organization of this competition to learn about Home Science. especially the Longkmie who are involved in bringing about that change in the country through the work they do to improve the society according to science.
Parad Pnan, as soon as it was light, was surprised and heard the sound of birds and animals in the forest, so he got up quickly and went out of the cremation and looked around. and he beautified this cave and this place.
Liewlong SC scored six goals while Umïew SC scored only three goals.
These bars have been directed to follow the strict rules and regulations issued by the State Government.
He also expressed his views on the issues that Maieit Hoping has fought for, such as the demand for a Khasi Jaintia State with a proper border, the opposition to uranium mining, and other issues of the jaidbynriew. It has been included in the party's manifesto for decades.
She said the department has helped to pay compensation to the families of those who died in the recent drowning and landslide incidents.
How do other people outside Meghalaya say or think about the people of Meghalaya?
Md.Isharar has lodged a complaint that on the night of 15th June, robbers stole his motorcycle (ML-04C-1300) from 7 Mer Pasyih NH-6 in West Jaintia Hills. .
Reporters should also show how the vote share was converted into seat share.
In connection with this project, it was found that they did not comply with the rules and therefore, the union said that it cannot ignore such problems of the people and the corruption of those who implement the project. this project.
PRO of BSF Meghalaya Frontier Sh Raj Singh Kataria said that the BSF is vigilant to patrol the India-Bangladesh border 24×7
Therefore the Israelites were scattered abroad until they were almost extinct from the face of the earth because of the wrath of God.
On the other hand, Bah Kharsyntiew congratulated Sumie Laloo, BJP National Executive Member and Female Incharge, Unis Khyriem, State Vice President Female, Bhagwati Geonka, Senior BJP Member, Dolan Chakraborty, The Rangbah Shnong of Oakland and Bivar Road, JK Das, members of the Oakland and Bivar Welfare Committee and especially all the key polling booth members and the BJP Women's Wing, for their hard work in holding a successful rally. .
Speaking to u SP News Agency, KHNAM President Bah Pyndapborthiaw Saiborn said the party has opened the door to talks with other political parties in the state for the 2018 MLA elections.
After the investigation team reached the house of Saleng R Marak in Damalgre, the suspect tried to flee but was arrested by the police.
“The booking date for this special introductory vehicle is until 31st November 2020 and the price of this vehicle starts from the model 1.0L B4D Petrol MT.XE which costs T.4.99 lakh. The premium for 1.0L HRA0 Turbo Petrol MT.XV is T.8.45 lakh,” said Khongwir.
This mother tongue is the first language and we take English as the second language.
In the past, there was no one to protect the Khasi from the disease except those Ryngkew and Basa whom people used to go to offer sacrifices.
The victims also urged the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hill, Shillong not to allow any drunkenness during the festival as it may cause trouble in the peace and order. said one of the elders of the village.
“The government has the responsibility to verify the allegations of corruption and the AITC will do whatever is necessary to get evidence on the allegations against the state government,” he said.
The marriage should not be too close – (a) one family? horkit hordang which means that we should know our family, our family; (b) the para-that? horseback riding.
For several months others have alleged that Bah Metbah, Bah Rymbui and I are involved in the Coke factories in West Khasi Hills which is not true.
Sonapyrdi opened the scoring through Micky Siangshai (4) and Lumsohskie FC scored the second goal through Selikos Dhar (19).
Our state has an area of ​​22,700 sq km approx., while the toll gates are many in every district.
The DC's office has clarified that the curfew will not apply to shops opening on 18th June 2020, to soldiers, police, MeECL employees, those in health facilities, food departments, media outlets, petrol pumps, gas stations, Municipal, information stations and pharmacies.
Detailed reports, proposals and writings were submitted to the Minister by the members of the management of the hospital.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnongs informed the FKJGP leaders and they took action and went to the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills for clarification.
She said that the parking spaces at Polo and Anjalee are not suitable for tourist taxis as they have to pay a high price to park at these places.
Regarding the plan of the central and state governments to extend the railway line to East Jaintia Hills District, the CEM said that as of now, the JHADC will not accept the railway line. The council has not yet had any discussion regarding the railway line and the CEM has made it clear that the council cannot accept the railway line as you are now.
It is this that the VPP has demanded.
The same CCTV cameras have also been used to video footage of the robbers who went to the ground floor of St. Edmund College yesterday with the intention of kidnapping the son of a police chief, Superintendent. of Police (SP) MK Dkhar.
He said that in the past when the government called tenders to build offices, staff quarters and others, contractors got jobs in their respective fields for example when building Government offices to lay the foundation of the office The contractor is one, the builder of the office is one.
However, at the same time, he said it is difficult to say whether to win or lose in the upcoming MP election from Shillong but it is up to the people to decide and hopefully it will win but it is up to the people.
Nongstoiñ, Lber, 26: Rambrai is a well-known village which is close to Nongstoin which is the headquarters of West Khasi Hills District. Rambrai, Lawdibah, Umsiej, Nongkroh, Umjaut and other villages.
According to the World Inequality Report, India has the highest level of income inequality. the biggest difference is that only about 10 percent of the population will hold about 57 percent of the country's income in
The suspect was sentenced to 14 years imprisonment under Section 6 of the POCSO Act 2012 and fined T.5000 tyngka and If he does not pay the fine, he will have to spend a maximum of 3 months in jail.
A skit on the theme “Ka Luti” was also presented by Sam-i-naki War Passah, Mih-Myntdu Community Social Welfare Association (MCSWA).
The deaths inside the coal mines in the state are no longer surprising, but this time it is cold and the bodies of the six coal miners who were allowed to leave after the collapse of the coal mine were decided to be left behind. .
It is unfortunate that in 2016, when the NIRF conducted its first ranking, NEHU was still ranked 15th but from one year to another, the decline has been 10 points and now ranked 90th, which has affected the future of the students.
" We need a vision, when I say a vision I don't mean seeing something in the distance.
The HANM Women Wing has decided to temporarily dissolve the HANM Women Wing. Bobby said, “To Bitty Jyrwa who is the president of HANM Women Wing. “We don't recognize the women wings of the party since she went to contest the last election without informing or without giving a letter of resignation to the party and she has violated the rules of the party”.
But we won’t always get everything we want.
On the other hand, the State Government and the Municipal Board have informed the Court that there is a WhatsApp group set up with the Waheh Shnongs so that they can file any complaints if there is no garbage collection. No complaint has been received yet,” they said.
These former leaders include Justine Dkhar ex-MLA, Violet Lyngdoh ex-MDC, Joinriwell Pyrtuh ex-MDC, Thomas Nongtdu ex-MDC, Topas Lapasam of Khliehriat West, Burin Shadap of Dkhiah East, Lasylloklang Lyngdoh of Rymbai, Leo Dkhars from Pamrakmai have sent their resignation letter to the NPP State President, Shillong.
The first match between Pohkseh SC and Imson SC started at 11:30 pm. Pohkseh SC won 3-0 col.
I Love You has also confessed to the murder of Fullmoon Kharsahnoh, a tourist driver from Larnai, West Jaintia Hills.
In Manipur, 16 new cases of covid-19 have been confirmed in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of cases to
The price hike is in addition to the previous increase of T.2 per litre, said Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, writing on his Facebook page.
The Voice of People Party (VPP), the opposition party in the Legislative Assembly, has vowed not to sit in the House or listen to the opening speech of the Governor of Meghalaya at the opening of the Budget Session. from 16th June, if the Head of Government of Meghalaya speaks in Hindi.
The death toll in New York City rose to 3,914 on Friday, bringing the total number of cases to 691,5
The team was led by coach Sumit Kumar Chaudhuri.
At the meeting, the President of Pynursla Sumo Association expressed his satisfaction that this is the first time that the drivers of the area have received the award and that the award does not depend on the price of their income but what is most valuable is the recognition of their service to the community.
It is to be recalled that Mawkdok has received an MP scheme of T.3 lakh for the construction of its dorbar hall which was built at a cost of T.15 lakh and most of it was raised by the village itself.
Tripura has reported 171 new cases of Covid-19, bringing the total number of cases in Tripura to 2,6
In a statement signed by KSU General Secretary Samla Donald V. Thabah and President Surajeet Hazarika, they said, “The relationship between the Khasi and the Assamese is not It is not only because of their proximity but if we look back at the past, we can find evidence that these two ethnic groups used to have cooperation, sharing culture and trade relations.
At Mass in Nagaon and Bishwnath Chariali, two schools were opened, which were not connected to the power grid.
In America, Russia, and some other countries, instead of using animals to ring the lyngkor or any other agricultural machinery, they used tractors. ).
Shillong: Due to the arrival of foreigners from the North East, who started arriving in Meghalaya since yesterday, the screening center at 12 miles away has been overcrowded. It has also caused a lot of trouble to the patrol police and traffic police as well as the staff of the Covid-19 Center.
It is not for us the people to take the law into our own hands.
On the part of the Syiem of Raid Marwet, Paiem Ken Syiem, while completing the ritual, he gave a special greeting from the Longsan, Mansan, Shnong Leaders and especially to the It is through their joint efforts that the Shad Sohjer festival organized by the Raid every year has been a successful one as expected by the Raid Marwet.
The earthquake was reported in Meghalaya, Assam, Tripura, West Bengal, Manipur, Myanmar and other neighboring countries.
Shillong: The Women's Senior team of Meghalaya has been one of the leading teams in the BCCI last season by winning seven out of nine games. The Meghalaya Women's Senior, who won the title last year, will have to fight hard this year with their failure to qualify for the Elite Group.
"The traffic police should have had a more thorough exchange of personnel during the day, the police force should have been extended to work in the evening," he added. To prevent such incidents, the authorities have continued to conduct thorough checks in the areas where traffic accidents frequently occur.
Not only in Shillong but the KSU together with other organizations have also held a flag raising ceremony in West Khasi Hills, Ribhoi District and Garo Hills to express their condolences to the families of the deceased. Assam Police have arrested 10 people.
The Principal Conservator of Forest Biodiversity, Meghalaya, SM Sahai, IFS, said that it is necessary to conserve the wildlife and this goal will not be achieved without the cooperation of the people. The Community Reserves are very helpful and also through the collaboration with the Forest Department, these communities are also working together to preserve the customs and traditions, he praised the promptness of the authorities. He said that in Jaintia Hills there are about 20 Community Reserves in Jaintia Hills and this is very good. congratulations and wish them further progress.
VPP President Ardent Basaïawmoit said the meeting with the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma should be followed up on the demand for a revision of the Reservation Policy of the state.
If you don't agree, you won't be able to tip your country, as you say.
Now we have been deceived but no one has done this!.
Furthermore, the Jaintia Syiems are descended from the woman and the wife of the Syiem is not the Syiem but the Queen and not other Hima (kingdom).
He said that in such cases, if the people living in these areas take advantage of the non-implementation of the law, they can come into these areas and later apply for citizenship. villagers through this Act 2019, and how can the State Government prevent them from becoming citizens under this Act? Are there any other ways to monitor the number of these people who are currently living in these areas so that they can be counted for future needs, said Bah Synrem. .
Let's see who will give a ticket to a person who is always looking for excuses and doesn't appreciate even those who have done good to him.
In addition, the knives are made of plastic bags and are not covered with plastic bags.
On this occasion, the top students of the SSLC and HSSLC 2023 examinations were also awarded.
The State BJP Unit calls upon the people of Meghalaya to support the party's candidates for the upcoming Lok Sabha elections so that the state can get more benefits by sending two MPs. the BJP in this regard.
Second :- When God saw that Pharaoh did not obey, he hardened his heart, even though he saw the hand of God and His power, for that reason God showed His hand. all these things, which He purposed to do : (1) All the waters were turned into blood.
With the aim of Meghalaya to become one of the top 10 fastest growing states, the State Government understands that economic growth, trade and income generation is to be arshah.
Shangpung Moosyiem SC beat Luti Tuber Ialong SC 1-1 in the first leg of the match. .
RM Kurbah, DC Ri Bhoi, also urged the Dorbar Shnongs to set up Community Level Teams to assist in the vaccination drive and to assist the health workers. to trace those who have been in contact with those infected with Covid-19 by setting up a Community Contact Tracing Team, as well as to cooperate with Magistrates, BDOs, Officers and all health workers.
The visitors, as soon as they reached those places, were shocked because they could not ring or breathe, only those who heard for themselves the smell believed in the terrible smell.
Shillong, Lber 31: Police in North Garo Hills on the night of the 30th of this month, have rescued a day laborer who was kidnapped by a group of robbers.
Shillong: The Governor of Meghalaya on Thursday sent the bill of the Khasi District Council to the State Government for consideration.
The Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij-12 Daloi also held a ceremony in front of the office of the Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij-12 Daloi. Rgh Klin Shylla of Mihmyntdu Raij Tuber Village and Rgh Barket Tang of Muthlong Village.
He said the total marks will be 300, including English 70 marks, Aptitude Test 130 marks, General Knowledge (GK) 30 marks and Personal Interview 30 marks.
He stressed that the young farmers of today should not be job seekers but should be employers of others and said that the time has come to take control of the market. hat around the world.
Speakers at the meeting paid tribute to the late leader, including Bah David Kharsati, Bah Bashailang Khongwir, and other speakers, who believed that Rangad was a true leader. a leader and fighter against corruption.
According to the residents, the demand for the evacuation of these BSF troops is due to the sound of gunfire every 20 hours which has affected the sleep of the people. even at dusk.
Nongpoh, June 21: The Dorbar of Rangbah Shnongs through Bah BB Makdoh and Bah PB Sylliang today sent their condolences to the family of Bah JD Rymbai (who passed away). on the 21st of this month.
“The allocation of Block in the area is not for the benefit of any group or political party, but for the benefit of the people in the area as a whole” , he said.
On the other hand, he urged the principals, teachers and students to work hard to achieve victory.
The union has questioned the Government and the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) on what rules they have set when looking after the area, regarding the types of waste that have been converted into compost and those that have not been converted into compost. sboh(Bio-degradable , Non – Biodegradable& Solid waste).
The UDP and NPP, which have the majority of MLAs, will sit with these parties to decide who will form the MDA government. They should sit down and whoever they bring to this post.
Now what is needed is to ensure that the Engineering Wing has a sufficient role so that they can complete the projects and implement them as scheduled.
The Amlarem MLA also inaugurated the Pdengshakap-Trangblang road and the Pdenshakap village road worth Rs 6 crore through the Rural Infrastructure Development Fund. XXVII.U Ma Lahkmen Rymbui during his tenure as MLA of the constituency said that he has constructed 56.4 KM of roads in War East alone at a cost of Rs 49.575 crore.
"Patanjali said their advertisements were to connect people with Ayurvedic medicines, as they were the first in the world to produce Ayurvedic medicines," the Supreme Court said.
The death toll from COVID-19 in the state has risen to 43 of which 39 cases are from East Khasi Hills District, one from South West Garo Hills, two from West Garo Hills and one from West Khasi Hills.
On this occasion, the union has donated stand hand free sanitizer, masks and sanitizers to the Dorbar Shnongs of Iewrynghep, Phudmuri and Mawroh.
We also see that out of the 36 leaders of Rilum Khasi, 35 of them need to be removed because they have not done anything for our people and they are only interested in getting pig seeds while other development projects have no purpose. “It's a little bit while the Garo leaders have brought a lot of development,” he said.
And the Pharisees said unto him, Master, rebuke thy disciples. And he said unto them, If these should hold their peace, the stones would immediately cry out. and he came near, and looked, and wept for her (Jerusalem).
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has not responded to a letter sent to the former Governor in 2014, KK Paul, seeking clarification.
The body of the child was found from a garbage truck on Tuesday, but in the middle of the investigation, the mother and father of the child were arrested on Tuesday.
As long as you respect the Constitution, we are still one country.
He said that the MTD has taken this step with the aim of showing that the Dorbar does not mean to be a Dorbar only in name because the world has changed and evil has entered the villages. that thaw.
When Congress leaders went to the scene and asked for permission to allow 5-10 people to pass through the bridge, the Mizoram government authorities, they were never allowed.
Local Directors of Cement Plants in East Jaintia Hills to earn money by destroying the forests, trees and environment.
Because as we know India is a federal structure and the Central Government is like a cook along with the food according to the wishes of the states.
The characters are the same in Khasi and English and can be confusing, even if they are spoken.
I would like to congratulate the Prime Minister and the Minister of Home Affairs for taking this necessary step for the safety and security of the people of the region”.
The HSPDP also strongly opposed the Chief Electoral Officer's decision to allow the army to register as voters in Meghalaya.
It's strange, but once everyone sees it, they will understand better.
He said that this is the school that started the church and the salary was paid by selling kwai ki tympew. old, the wings of thy father, came down unto thee.
After the road was over, I returned to Tyrna, by arrangement with those young men of the village, who promised to search every day, until I found it.
She congratulated all the Doctors, Nurses and Staff as well as the DHS officers who have worked together for this desire and aspiration to bring about this transformation of the Hospital.
Many residents of Mukhaïalong Village came to participate in this training program which was conducted by the Dorbar Shnong Mukhaïalong.
Meanwhile, the EU imposed new sanctions against Russia on Tuesday, which is also the 10th sanctions and this happened on the same day, that the invasion. Russia's invasion of Ukraine has been going on for 10 years.
We need all 70 acres of this land, which is now in dispute, because of the Muslim lawsuit”.
“................
Assam Health Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said the case from Goalpara was linked to the Nizamuddin Markaz incident in New Delhi in October .
It was known as Laodicea and the church of the people.
Tony Shylla, Adviser and Abithues Taro Secretary of the Union of Carpenters, who led the construction of the house, led by the members of the Union together with the leaders and members of the KSU. John Lyngdoh, President Nongpoh Circle, led by the members of the party, to help build the house at Umnget.
“According to the Resolution to implement the Reservation Policy in 1972, it was stated that any vacancies belonging to one of the ethnic groups, if they cannot be filled due to the shortage of applicants or any “Therefore, their share will be carried forward to the next year to increase beyond the 40% in the recruitment,” he said.
HANM Khliehriat Circle President Samla Sambormi Lyngdoh said that the HANM will soon hold a meeting to decide on the announcement of the protests in East Jaintia Hills. HANM North West Khasi Hills President HANM-EJHD, in a statement, has accused Bah S.Kharlyngdoh, DC of being responsible for the arrest of the MPDA. leader of the organization.
“It is more difficult to speak and do something for the people from Mawpren than from Nongkrem. From Nongkren you can speak no matter how much there is no difference, but if you speak only For the trading license, from these areas, they have turned away all the voters but I didn't hesitate and I did that too but when you speak only from Nongkrem, shout whatever you want. already".
The meeting was attended by KSU JHD President O Dkhar, KSU JHD President SS Niangti, Cherity Suja, General Secretary KSU JHD, Shaniah Shkem Dkhar, Assistant Finance Secretary, Hamar Muskut. The meeting was conducted by Streamly S Niangti and the confirmation and pledge was confirmed by O Dkhar. Pynshai Dkhar, President KSU NEHU Unit in his speech said that he is pleased to see that the youth of Hynniewtrep especially from Jaintia Hills have started to join the KSU for the sake of service. “I believe that when you joined the KSU, nobody forced you but I believe that you joined the KSU with your own will and soul and the only purpose is to serve the KSU. through the KSU,” said Pynshai Dkhar.
Regarding the gathering of the Village Authorities and health workers, Bah Charles Marngar said that it is the duty of the MDC to gather the Village Authorities and especially in the at this time, when close cooperation between the Village Authorities and the Government is needed.
“I have seen the condition of the road and it is indeed a necessary road for dozens of villages in the area, and on behalf of the government and the PWD department I promise that Umden will be the hub. , and I want this to happen and happen through a safe road" he added.
Even the driver of the car, Phrangchwa Mulieh, who raped one of the children, has disappeared and the CSWO demands that his photograph should be made public so that people can inform the police to arrest him.
Phandieng is also good but the Nongdisong people have not yet decided to cultivate or plant more and more of this plant to make money quickly.
“I have worked as a Community Base Resource (SBR) for the KJP Synod project in Mairang and I have traveled around the rural areas and I have been affected by the lack of roads, backwardness in income and education” , she said.
If you want to improve, allow 80% of Khasi and Garo to fight together.
Shillong, March 5: The Committee of Coal Owners today filed a petition with the National Green Tribunal. On 24th July 2010, it was made clear that the coal in Meghalaya falls under the jurisdiction of the villagers, who are minorities.
He also covered two types of politics, dirty and clean.
The complaint was lodged by the Waheh Shnong Saipung, Secretary Saipung, President & Secretary VDP, President & Secretary of All India Baite Students Association. Jaintia Hills District.
At the same time, there was also a detailed discussion between the State Government and the students who were protesting along the road in front of the Secretariat of the KSU. The State Government and the KSU held a three-day meeting on 6, 7 and 8 July
Also present on the occasion were the teachers of Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat who came to join the march.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 14: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) West Khasi Hills District today met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District with a petition against the factory. M/SMD Ferro Alloys, owned by Donboklang War of Mawlai Nonglum, has started its construction and installation at Sohlad Umjaru Village, Nongstoin.
“He invited and urged the youth of Meghalaya to come forward to apply for the vacancies in the CRPF. “The State has tightened the application requirements according to the needs of the country,” said Alok Bhattacharya.
The protesters, dressed in all kinds of traditional clothes, demanded that severe punishment should be given to those who raped the two women.
“Ka Samla Seng at the same time we feel that not only the Youth Seng, but the Dorbar Shnongs and the law enforcement agencies, have to work together, if we work together as a group, we can eradicate drugs. from our state,” said Bah Daniel.
The Thangrain Dorbar Shnong has also banned any foreigners from entering the village.
Heavy rains last night have caused floods across parts of the North Eastern states like Assam, Mizoram and many others.
On the other hand, the opposition, led by Hemant Soren of the JMM, in collaboration with the Congress, RJD expects to be able to defeat the BJP in the election. this time.
The complaint has been lodged at the office of the Superintendent of Police (SUP) in Khliehriat.
The curfew is to temporarily ban foreigners from entering and leaving the village until further notice.
We see such things happening even in the lower authorities.
The book has 150 pages and costs T.250/-. The printing fee is paid by the author himself.
Somchai, who worked as a waiter in a restaurant, was found dead this morning in his room in Samut Prakan, Thailand, with house marks on his hands and neck.
“While the government has allowed the people to buy and sell food and beverages, I also urge the government authorities to be vigilant and not to allow the people to gather but to ensure that the people are stand about 2 meters apart.
This also shows that he does not respect the aspirations of the youth of West Khasi Hills.
However, Bah Bindo said that he has a good chance of winning.
It is because the Central Government has a vision that the Government in collaboration with the State Governments has implemented the Swachh Bharat Mission with the aim of making India a clean environment. that it may be clean, they said.
Shitlang Pale won from the Congress in Saipung Sutnga, Dasakhiat Lamare from the NPP won from Mawhati and Jason Sawkmie Mawlong won from the PDF in Umsning.
He said there are those who go to school and don't come back but those who don't come back have already paid the fine they have agreed with the government.
The Chief Minister was accompanied by Lok Sabha MP from Tura Agatha K Sangma, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly Thomas A Sangma, CEM GHADC Albinush Marak and other MLAs and MDCs. He also congratulated the long serving Bishop of Tura, Bishop Emeritus George Mamalassary, who was the mastermind behind the establishment of many schools and dispensaries across Garo Hills. He was still a Parish Priest and later Bishop of Tura.
Like a thief – who knows when a thief is coming? A thief may steal at a time when no one is present or when no one is heard.
In Ri Bhoi District, there are 5 cases including 2 high risk cases and 3 policemen.
The government has only thought about how to earn money from them, Sarkar said.
In a meeting with the Manager of the company led by the President of FKJGP Bataw Unit Deihok Sumer in the presence of the President and General Secretary of FKJGP Lama Unit H.Suchen and L.Dong, they expressed their failure to provide services to the two villages of Bataw and Lama, East Jaintia Hills District.
It is learned that from this meeting, Bah Pynshngaiñ has started to sign the name of the Pynthor by trying to create many units in the name of the Pynthor-Umkhrah Development Committee (PDC). ) and in this regard, he directed his colleagues to move forward to establish units in this constituency.
“Earlier, the police have alleged that the KSU is involved with the HNLC and now they are trying to blame the HYC because they are afraid that they have become stronger and they want to destroy the HYC,” he said. HYC President Bah Peter J Lawai, who is also a former leader of the KSU, said this today.
She said that this is not an easy task but she said that they will do it soon even if it takes months or months.
Bantei Lyngdoh scored two goals in the 58th and 65th minutes and Hanson Pdang scored the other in the 70th minute.
He said that the food and drink for the victims will be delivered tomorrow morning and distributed to them.
The ceremony will be held at Iewrynghep Square, Laitumkhrah after a march on the streets at 4.30 pm. The Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri, will be the chief guest.
The No.11 Airmen Selection Centre, Guwahati, which is the nodal agency of the Indian Air Force, conducts recruitment in the North Eastern states of Assam, Meghalaya, Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland and Mizoram. Manipur and Tripura is hereby informed that the Indian Air Force invites online applications from unmarried men and women born between 27th July 2003 and 27th November 2006 for the post of selection test to be admitted to the Agniveervayu Army under the Agnipath Scheme.
He said the presence of BSF troops would affect the dignity and reputation of the university.
Shillong, June 23: The BJP government has decided to introduce Village Administrative Councils (VACs) in all the states where there are Autonomous District Councils.
These four reasons why the President has made it clear that his dissatisfaction with the MDA government has not turned around, has been a source of thanks to the people.
Speaking to media, Bah Ardent recalled that in 2013, when he was an MLA, he had brought a resolution in the Legislative Assembly. However, his demand for the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya was rejected after it was defeated by voice vote.
Ms. Kharbamon explained in detail how to cultivate crops better so that the farmers can benefit.
The Sein Kur Dkhar, Wapung Circle, Jaintia Hills District has honored CA Premi Dkhar, Dr. Wanroi Dkhar, MBBS (OBG). , Dr.Mercy L Dkhar (PT), Iongkaluh, Deil Dkhar, B.Tech, in Computer Science Engineering, Wapungshnong, Deimonhi Dkhar, B.Tech, in Civil Engineering, Tuber Shohshrieh.
Shillong: The Sordar of Raid Majai, Bah Ekhel Marweiñ, on Tuesday said that the Hima Sohra has seized many of the land of the Khasi in Majai and given them to foreigners.
To confirm the missionary work not only in words but in writing, with the fire of the Holy Spirit baptized before he came, before teaching, he also baptized the letters a, b, k, d and He sacrificed many things with the blood of Jesus so that the teachings of those who did not know the language, the culture, the customs would reach those who were taught.
He said that his appointment to hold the water supply department is a blessing to the people of the constituency and he will try to create opportunities to provide good drinking water and also to the state as a whole.
“His presence has encouraged the UDP but we cannot say whether he will join the party.
Furthermore, the Prime Minister promised that the goal set forward is to transform Meghalaya into one of the 10 states in the country. 2032, the year when the state will celebrate its diamond jubilee, as the strongest state in terms of per capita GDP and to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals.
Has the implementation of AFSPA removed all the evils in the society?, the answer is yes," he said.
It is time for each of us to take responsibility for this so that we will no longer be people who are afraid to see garbage, or who like to spread garbage around us. our.
“If the Chief Minister says that the government cannot interfere because it is the responsibility of the central government, it means he does not understand and only God will save Meghalaya,” he said.
The victim was taken to Shillong Civil Hospital for treatment, police said.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Ibaphira Marboh, said that the VO in the village, has worked hard to provide adequate services in the village and especially in terms of assisting in the development of to promote the longkmie in the village.
Rangdajied players continued to play hard and shot the ball in a beautiful manner and before the end of the game in the 90+4mins Knerktilang Buam scored the second goal. Rangdajied United FC won the match.
Former KSU leader Ohibait Dkhar, recalled the reservation policy and said that this special section in the state compared to other Khasi communities we need a large percentage to study doctorate and other lines of study.
The match between Mawlai and Lumparing was one of the most beautiful matches of the season.
U Bah Adrian L Chyne Mylliem, Congress candidate from Jirang, said that he has a strong hope of winning this election, and he has a goal to open the way for the youth of the state. to develop the farmers and especially to strengthen the border between Jirang Constituency and the state as a whole as the people in this area are facing problems from time to time.
In that synrop, the mutual understanding of rights will be more comprehensive because the peoples of one state must respect the customs and traditions of others; That means that the Khasi people should dress, sing, dance and do these things according to the customs and traditions of the UP people and the UP people should dress and sing. to sing, to put, to play and to do these things according to the Khasi customs and traditions.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said, “Robbery incidents happen in every state in the country, but to link such incidents with peace and order in the country happy you are not".
The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to release the arrear to the employees of the Council who are still working and retired besides the Dearness Allowance and the money. which should not be paid to former MDCs.
These dignitaries also distributed prizes to the winners of different age groups and also to the individual winners.
The newly formed KSU has about 200 members and most of these members are members who have left the KSU. The Vice President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (KSU) Donbok Kharlyngdoh, who has resigned from the KSU, has also resigned from the KSU. He said that there are still hundreds of other youths who will join the KSU. These youths who will join the HYC will be members and leaders of the KSU. said Mr. Kharlyngdoh.
Shillong, Naitung 07: The meeting of the Hills Farmers Union (HFU) will be held on the 9th of this month at the Arts and Culture Hall, State Central Library Shillong at 1 pm.
“Because this road leads directly to the airport and Guwahati, the area and surrounding areas of Guwahati and the airport will see more development in the coming years as we will have to produce satellite cities where we can set up zones and the proximity of Guwahati will be an opportunity for us,” he said.
Shillong: Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma will meet Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma to discuss the border issue between the two countries. Meghalaya and Assam on 23rd November 2021 in Shillong.
He said the union condemns such acts of violence and urges the law enforcement authorities to take strong action to investigate those involved and punish them according to the rules of law.
Because, there is no proof through any articles coming from anywhere.
“With the decision to set up an Industrial Unit to supply beverages like Pepsi, Mirinda and others, the lives of the people and villagers will be changed to create jobs,” he said.
However, the election will not be beautiful if there are no qualified speakers.
Nongrah SC scored 17 goals in this match because the opposition team, Imson, played with only 7/8 players until the end of the first half. , Nongrah took advantage of the opportunity to score 17 goals.
The committee is headed by former ISRO chief UK Kasturirangan.
Regarding this issue, the union will take strong action and in the future will conduct raids in many places not only in this area but in the district as a whole. .
The helicopter was shot down from behind and crashed in Konglaw village. This is the second time that KIA fighters have shot down a fighter jet. , the Burmese army.
“I think the Meghalaya government should have issued the rules and regulations to ensure that the hostels where the children are accommodated should be in good condition and should not commit any acts of violence against the hostels. children as happened in Rimpu Bagan,” said the Chairperson.
However, on July 3, Bethany Hospital Outreach, Nongpoh has done something memorable in the field of health care through its first peritoneal dialysis for a child. still born.
We as village leaders don't have that spirit of insulting anyone or expelling anyone.
He firmly believed that this beautiful girl was not like others, but the “Puri Blei”.
When AIM Meghalaya tried to meet with the Education Minister of Meghalaya, Rakkam A Sangma and the Director of DSEL, Swapnil Tembe, IAS, they could not be reached. Meeting with the Joint Director of DSEL, Bah L.Lyngdoh.
Shillong: Bina Wankhar, 74, of Mawlai Umjaiur, EK Hills, has died of coronavirus disease in Shillong today. Shillong, passed away on 20-05-2
After eating and drinking, Lano's father and mother sat down together for a while, then went to bed to allow their daughter and her friend to spend time alone. .
The High Level first appeared during the Metor protest at Mawlong Market.
He said that it is through the cooperation of the people that many development works have been done in the society. He said that the Minister of Education of the state has sanctioned up to 23 colleges. Lahkmen Rymbui said that this is the way to be a leader not only in Amlarem but in the state as a whole. one of them said to Rymbui.
Undoubtedly, if the VPP stands firm on the principle of not doing politics, it can grow well and win many MDC seats if it gives tickets to people whom the people trust.
Due to the shortage of Aadhaar registered persons and the fact that many people are in need at these times, the union has already written to the state government to talk to the Indian government to Release the Aadhaar card now because there is a feeling that helping the poor and needy is more important than asking for Aadhaar card from people.
Br.
“According to the state government's plan, it wants to deploy 100 CRPF companies in the Eastern Range and 60 companies in the Western Range, with 135 CRPF personnel in each company,” he said. said the High Court.
Three months have passed since the foundation stone was laid for the construction of the mini secretariat in Jowai, but till now there has been no sign of the construction of the mini secretariat.
Guwahati: Girls who attend school in Assam will receive a daily allowance of Rs 100,000 per day, said Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Education.
Mumbai and Pune have also seen an increase in the number of cases in the past few days.
Shillong, November 12: Former Mawlai MLA Founder Strong Cajee on Tuesday said that the Mawlai Secretariat is still open and he and the observers have not yet taken any decision. will be closed or continued.
When the work has reached this stage, where it is impossible to run the work of the KHADC, how can we overcome the difficulty to reach the goal? It depends on the Governor of the State. , who is among many of the right-wing supporters, how can he do, when he rejects the opinion of the Government?
Prayer is a cry, a cry and a cry against the forces that exercise power and violate the rights, the rights of the people.
What they have done later has been corrected and you still want to increase the work or make mistakes.
In the last fifteen years, the government has already witnessed a double-digit increase in traffic every year in tourist arrivals.
He said that Kong Chiarmon Dkhar will continue to do her charity work in the future, especially to the poor families who have been severely affected during this time. curfew due to COVID-1
Therefore, my dear friends, I am filled with a spirit of gratitude and praise to our beloved Late Most Rev.Archbishop Dominic Jala for his selflessness and for his achievement of these good things. in our society.
The meat processing plant at Demthring is scheduled to start from 2012-2013 at a cost of T.7.62 crore.
The union said that if there is any wrongdoing or violence and dissatisfaction of the people, the government can no longer say without consulting before signing.
All football fans from the area and other places are invited to come and witness the match.
Perhaps many people don't know or are surprised why the RMSA has emerged in the area, and without pointing fingers, the reason is that the area has been brought back once again because the area is one of the most popular athletes. It has also produced the star Aiborlang Khongjee.
Shillong: Three police vehicles (ML-02-5089, ML-02-5090 and ML-02-5092) were damaged on Tuesday morning. stone in Motphran.
In recent years, two companies, the Brahmaputra Valley Fertilizer Corporation (BVFCL) and the Indian Farmers' Fertilizer Cooperative Society (IFFCO), have stopped supplying urea to the state due to the lockdown. government.
For this purpose, the farmer must also receive his own certificate, but he must remember that in his work, he must not seek only the certificate, just as a doctor or a healer does not collect from the patients. his only pay – visit – sick or pay – medicine.
“If the party wins only 2-3 seats, it shows that they are political parties that have not been accepted by the people in the state,” said Bah Dhar. .
He said that all these incidents happened only because there were robbers who went to attack the shopkeepers there.
In another match, Liverpool beat Red Star Belgrade 4-0, with Firmino scoring in the 20th minute and Salah in the 45th and 4th minutes respectively. 51 and then U Mane in the 80th minute.
He said that the Tyrso, Umru area is fortunate because of the annual migration of Amur Falcons which used to come in groups to nest in the area and through the hard work of the organization. Thankfully, TVWPS together with the cooperation of the people of Tryso area including 15 villages has been able to protect these birds, where the people have not killed or eaten them since 2015 until now.
She said that as the Chief Minister of the area she understands the problems of the people of the border area and is pleased that the road has been completed, the Border Hat will be completed and she said. The Government will introduce more development projects in the border area of ​​East Jaintia Hills District.
Everyone is requested to register within 8:30 Am – 10 Am and only the residents of East Jaintia Hills District can participate.
Meanwhile, Bah Balajied Rani said that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has played a major role in the recognition of this traditional medicine. which started with the RBTHA to be recognized.
Sidaris Khongwet scored the second goal in the 24th minute.
The four-day shooting competition was held at the Indoor Shooting Range of the Assam Regimental Centre, Happy Valley, Shillong.
The District Level Inter School Football Tournament 2023 will be held at MFA Turf Polo Ground Shillong, SAI Training Center Nehu and Mawlai Stadium. third week of July.
“The people have seen the incident of our pyrsa where the mistake of the employees of Ganesh Das who were supposed to complete the work in which they threw the thynria and entered her body,” he said. Donald.
The members of the Himas and Villages who shall become members of the FTD shall be elected by ballot.
When Jesus left Bethany for Jerusalem two thousand years ago, the Jewish people at that time rejoiced and welcomed Jesus as their King, Lord and praised him as the Messiah. or as the One whom they expected to come and save them.
Because in these years, the first phase of demarcation in seven disputed areas including parts of West Khasi Hills, is because Conrad Kongal Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has They have a close relationship with Himanta Biswa Sarma, the Chief Minister of Assam.
The IG BSF Meghalaya briefed Mishra on the security measures on the India-Bangladesh border in Meghalaya.
The gun was looted from the police headquarters," the army chief said.
Besides Chibor Wahlang, former MDC Gilbert Sten and Nehimaya Tyngkan, the youth leader of the area also donated almira and toilets for the shelter of the boys. Hundreds of people witnessed the opening ceremony of the house from the residents, members of NEIMA leadership from the units and Central Body.
He said the government could include the story of the struggle and life of Tirot Singh in the textbooks of schools in the country as part of commemorating his sacrifice and service to the country.
Because this road has been like a fish farm and only within 1 kilometer it has been found that there are up to three or four vehicles that are bad due to the condition of the road. days the road is getting damaged and damaged.
“The Government has decided to merge the Plan and Non Plan in this budget after receiving the recommendation from the Niti Ayog, the Finance Commission and apparently the budget from the Central Government,” he said. said Dr Mukul.
Looking at the match between these four teams, the match was very interesting and friendly.
Winnerson, who is a former MLA from Salmanpara constituency, won from the Congress and joined the TMC before the 2021 MLA elections under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma, Charles Pyngrope, George B Lyngdoh and others. .
Three youths from the city have been arrested along with six others by the Goa police in recent days for allegedly running a call center which has cheated them. citizens of the United States by pretending to be employees of banks in the US and by promising to give them loans.
“Their joining the UDP is not because the victory is already waiting but it requires the hard work and cooperation of the old and new supporters so that the work can go smoothly,” he said. u Bah Pius and the door is open to all those who wish to join and cooperate with the UDP and have plans to bring about economic development and other good works in the area.
“The people of Tura know that Tura has many problems and only the MLA cannot do anything but with the appointment of the Prime Minister they hope that things will change and it is from this desire of the people that They elected Conrad as their MLA.
A large temple in Kedarnath in Uttarakhand's Rudraprayag district has been flooded and 500 people are reported missing. said the news.
Speaking at a meeting held at Pynursla on 7th March, Conrad K Sangma President of the party said the NPP will get more than 15 MLAs from Lum Garo and more than 20 MLAs from Lum Garo. in the Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
Speaking as the MLA of Mowkaiaw, “I have tried my best to request the officers, engineers and RV Suchiang to help in bringing development schemes in this backward village so that the area can develop. can think.
“We are saddened to see the failure of the government, from Umling they have not been able to take care of this and to allow foreigners to invade our village,” he said. said.
Furthermore, the village together with the HYC today went to close down the factory and said that while the authorities have not been able to bring back the factory, they will continue to close down the factory. this factory.
You can play with the powers of men in this world but you cannot play with the powers of the Great and Powerful God from behind.
In the morning, the Duhulia played the religious songs and prepared the Bujia Blang at Tyngkong Ingsad.
On the T.70 crore allocated to various religious groups in the state, Alphonse said if the Congress has not done anything for 45 years in Meghalaya, why does it come when the BJP has done things because that Meghalaya is a part of the country where the inhabitants are Christians.
In November 2002, Ronaldo was invited to Arsenal's gym in London Colney to meet with coach Arsene Wenger and his coaching staff.
Shillong: The Executive Committee of Mawlyndep Circle, Mawryngkham Women's Association (HYC Mawryngkneng Circle) today seized drugs from a maskut forest in Sohryngkham village. u Bah Fribor Kharmalki.
Nongstoiñ, Lber, 28: The West Khasi Hills Fair Price Shop Dealers Association (WKHA) Hills, have vowed to stop the sale of rice because the wholesalers who distribute rice from stock to fair price shop dealers or distributors of rice in different villages, do not deliver the rice to the distribution centers as usual. mandated by the government.
After buying food, he took them from the shop and it is suspected that he took them straight to the lawbniap at Wahktieh, Nongrah and committed this crime to kill the children.
This is one of the main reasons why many people turn to self-employment because it seems that they have to earn for others and not for themselves and their families.
At this meeting, the union also discussed the mining and quarrying of coal as permitted by the mining plan policy of the government and urged the government to issue the chalan soon so that they can work and mine as well. long mynshwa, that the poor and the needy shall live.
Mukul said the bill had already been approved by the Coal Department of the Government of India and was approved after a meeting chaired by the Cabinet Secretary of the Government of India during the tenure of Manmohan Singh. Former Prime Minister, on the advice of Mukul Sangma, in
Shillong, Nailar 13 : The General Council of the United Democratic Party (UDP) on Saturday discussed the strengthening of the party in the state and especially before the MP elections. MDC will be elected next year.
Nurse Erily, Mawlay, Sd.
He alleged that Nashier had paid money to the OC to order Sarkar to sign.
They said that the opposition is because the road is narrow and small and besides, in this area, there are also schools like Bethany Society which is a school for the disabled. , Mary Rise Center which is a school for children with mental disabilities and Bansara Eye Care.
Wasa FC scored the first goal for 7 Wasa FC in the 81st minute.
In another development, KHNAM General Secretary Bah Batkupar Wahlang has expressed his opposition to the government's plan to build a railway line in the state. to introduce the railway line while it has not been able to introduce the ILP and the Cut Off Year which it has demanded to start from
Last year, the BSF seized 225 kilograms of human remains from the international border near Bangladesh.
(2) That they do not have a law or regulation on the entry, occupation, entry and exit of foreigners.
Some have received ration and others need money, because we have witnessed that the government's financial assistance in the first lockdown has failed, because only a few of the household workers have received financial assistance, but many of them , who continue to run to the banks to check whether the money has been deposited, and many others who return empty-handed and some who deposit money only partially,” said Sister Delina recently at the Decent Workers' Day. .
On the other hand, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, said that there are 467 people who have been quarantined in the quarantine facilities prepared by the Meghalaya government.
The investigation will also be conducted into whether Bernard has received permission to conduct any medical treatment at the house.
The state has celebrated Jan Jatiya Gaurav Divas (Tribal Pride) at the Soso Tham Auditorium in Shillong along with the rest of the country to pay tribute to the freedom fighters of India.
NAQUIM is the world’s largest aquifer management programme, to support the stewardship of groundwater-related resources in the country.
v.
However, at about 7:30 pm, as the meeting was coming to an end, suddenly the crowd shouted and threw stones.
Criticizing the opposition parties on the demarcation, Dr. Kharlukhi said that the decision taken by the TMC is to try to mislead and mislead the people on the issue.
There are 4,464 confirmed cases and the death toll has risen to
According to Bah Jyrwa, the union came to know about this after the union's advisor Bah Disparsing Rani was refused to get the NOC despite paying the challan. you have paid Sales Tax for more than 10 years.
Shillong: After the Cabinet meeting held on 19th November 2021, the Ministers have approved the proposal to proceed with the introduction of Joint Venture in the factory. Cherra Cement Limited.
He said that Bah Sounder S.Cajee is a good person.
However, the candidate said that Bah Joe had sent him a small letter saying that he had joined the AAP. leave, who does not wish to support, may leave gracefully".
"You have one soul and one body..." said Bah Malki. "Yes, it's not like that, because when you meet us, we have two or two. Lanosha said, “Yes, I'm sure you'll meet like this...” Daplin said. “Let's go drink...” said Bah Malki. “I'm just finished now...” said Daplin. Lanosha said again. But Bah Malki forced them so they couldn't leave.
Shillong, November 18: The State Level Committee (SLC) of the State Government, which oversees and reviews the projects submitted by the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) from the Central Government, has received only T.123 crore. project sent by KHADC and seeks clarification from other projects.
Shillong, July 24: A truck carrying iit (TN 52-F-5863) has overturned from the road to the ground floor of a house at Mawblei village on Tuesday morning. they are not very strong.
Therefore, he said that the drug 'Opill' will soon be available in all pharmacies and markets soon next year.
According to documents released by a Russian court on 24 November, the man, identified as Dmitry Fedorov, was arrested by police on Friday. Gorky Park for his writings in these places to speak out against the actions and actions of the Russian government.
One of the garbage dumps in Iawthymme Ladthadlaboh has been burning for almost four months now, according to the Urban Affairs Department. The High Court in its hearing on 22nd June, 2022 has ruled that it will not clean up the garbage but the garbage is still standing.
This shows that among nations that follow the same language, the name of Jesus' Day is very similar.
He said those who will conduct the examination are experts selected by the government and there is no doubt about this.
Speaking on the occasion, Rosette said that out of the 42 fish tested, 30 fish have formalin in their bodies and many more are still in the process of being tested. .
In this covid pandemic, Which has spread like tits; To go out also afraid to get bit, To poor and rich have to be punished.
The incident happened at 1 pm this morning when a truck carrying Umphniang (AS-25-EC-8004), which was heading towards Guwahati, reached Umran. Dairy, has collapsed into the kitchen of the house and after that it has collapsed into the Umran River.
In addition, an Inter College Quiz Competition and Seminar on “Enhancing Accountability through Geo-spatial Technology” was held on 24th November in collaboration with the North Eastern Space Applications Center (NESAC), Tnat You Haw Haw.
The union leaders also alleged that Dulongnar village and the entire area have suffered the loss of a lineman and that the electricity department has not appointed anyone to replace him. Boldwin Sumer, who has retired from his post, and that the post has remained vacant.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, VPP President 17-North Shillong on Tuesday, Bah Strong Kharjana, said that the government has been working hard to improve the situation. The union has not yet said anything on this issue and the union is also deeply saddened by the government's lack of attention although it is an issue that needs to be discussed and resolved in the right manner for the sake of the country. a bit of everything.
The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has left for the Women's U-15 One Day Trophy to be held by the BCCI in Kolkata.
Explaining on the treatment, Sherrard Wallang said that the examinations will be conducted free of charge but only those who have BPL cards will be given medicines while those who do not have medicines will be provided. will be offered at a very reasonable price.
On the other hand, the Shnong will invite some of the volunteers to witness this programme.
Even when attempts were made to hold gathering programmes, the youths who arrived, perhaps they went just to complete the rituals, or there was too much pressure that they couldn't move anymore. Instead of building a strong foundation for humanity, such visits have been instigated by other youths, and this has continued until the state is now in a state of turmoil. to explain how to improve the youth of today's children.
On the other hand, the management of the company said that the location and the availability of young people to work in the jobs that the company provides to people from other countries.
Shillong, Nailar, 21: The BJP National Executive Member and the BJP National Executive Member and Former Minister AL Hek on Thursday said that there is no knowledge within the party that there is any intention to change the leadership of the BJP in Meghalaya.
“If you look at Jaintia Hills you can see how this election is, in the west politics is different, the people have expressed that they want change and it is true.
All the trees brought by different villages such as 'Ka Khnong Blai', 'Ka Symbood Khnong' will be made in such a way to carry only 20 people.
The absence of the Ladthadlaboh Dorbar Shnong against the candidates will be an opportunity and will open the door for the candidates to showcase their paid plans, as in the previous elections.
Shylla said that this section should be abolished because it is not appropriate to impose a fine of T.5000 and there is no problem for a person to impose a fine of T.5000 tyngka if he earns lakhs of rupees. you don't even have to pay even if it's a crore when you earn a crore.
Putin, 66, told reporters in an interview yesterday.
According to sources, the woman has lodged a complaint against the rape at the Dorbar Shnong while Phawa has disappeared from the village.
IIT-Madras and IIT-Delhi have signed MoUs to establish their campuses in Zanzibar-Tanzania and Abu Dhabi-UAE. to promote research.
The city of Jowai, which has gained a reputation for celebrating Christmas and welcoming the New Year, has attracted many people to witness the dance and fill the streets in the villages of Branch and Iawmusiang.
The state government in its blueprint has proposed to allocate up to 1.4 acres of land for the relocation of 342 households as the existing land of the SMB is not enough to accommodate them.
“He didn't know the decision of the people...but he took the time to participate, which means that he cares about the welfare of the State.
In Meghalaya, there are many such cases and even crorepatis but they still receive reception.
(West Jaintia Hills).
We proclaim the life and precious works of Bah Panbor Tariang.
In West Garo Hills, there are 8 cases including 4 high risk cases, one ILI case, one from Cherangre cluster and 2 cases under screening.
The government offices closed by the KSU are the Khliehriat Post Office, Lad Rymbai Branch and SBI Kliehriat Branch.
Before the day of Pynsiñ, at the Khyllaw of Ri Blai, the children of the kur will appear before the syiem to provide them with food and drink. Those who receive this part shall eat and drink the sangia saret on the day of Pynsin.
What the people need to understand is that society needs leaders who will not be controlled by others.
“Today we have fulfilled this wish of my supporters, by joining the NPP party again, because we know that the NPP party is the party that will provide the best service to the people. the state," said the former MLA.
Even if there are many trees that can become obstacles to his far-reaching purpose, these visions of his will fail because he has to trust others to do it because they are more intelligent. than you.
The incident happened this morning in Nongthymmai Byrnihat village, where the 14-year-old Heprit committed suicide. by passing himself.
The incident happened on Tuesday morning on a road in Incarville in the Eure region of France.
Satellite imagery shows the shooting and sinking of the ship on that day, which was very bad for Russia.
East Jaintia Hills has beaten North Garo Hills 7-0 in the first quarter final of the Meghalaya Games 2022 at Madan Heh on Tuesday.
They said that this is the first time that Mukul Sangma has promised to the teachers.
“Expecting that in one year alone we can turn things around, it is not easy and what we are seeing now in the Niti Aayog report is what was said and published reports of 2018- 2019 and not the figures of 2020, 2021, 2022,” he said.
He said that the incident occurred when the owner was on his way home and there were no people inside the shop.
Conrad K. Sangma said that the people of Jirang Constituency are fortunate to have a humble and hardworking leader for the benefit of the people, especially for the welfare of the people. various development schemes and which are of real benefit to the people.
According to Bah Nongsiang, Class IX students have had to pay T.1600 for the question fee set by the MBOSE. New Delhi, Nailar 5: The National Green Tribunal (NGT) today announced that it is not allowed to mine minerals and quarry shyiap from rivers without permission. get permission from the Ministry of Environment.
The office bearers of the UDP Women's Wing Ranikor Circle are Larimon Kharlartang, Vice President, Nirmaya Hajong, General Secretary, six Joint Secretaries, Chief Women Organizer Kwinsila Thongni and Ailamina. Thongni, Deputy Women Organizer Biliancy Shangpliang and Ieitlin Wanniang, Finance Secretary Mildalin Thongni and Philda Syiemlieh, Adviser Listerning Marweiñ and others are the office bearers and members.
This is what we see in the country.
At 12:30 pm, the relatives of the deceased took her to Dr. H. Gordon Robert Hospital, Jaïaw for treatment.
“There is a time when you feel that you have made a difference in society and this is our time to feel the same feeling in the past two and a half years. leit, T.1.25 crore of stolen money has been recovered.
“Next month, my husband and I will go to Denmark and there, my husband will stay with me in Denmark.
In the past few months and days, it has appeared in the media that I and several of my fellow MLAs intend to leave the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) and join others. pat that is the world.
Ratacherra Area: Out of the 11.20 sq km, Meghalaya will get 6.42 sq km which includes Malidor, Ratacherra and Border Umperdit.
The closing ceremony was attended by Bah Najim Kharmalko Sordar of Patharkhmah, Bah Ripolas Nongtri and other dignitaries of the area including the leaders of Patharkhmah Sports Club.
Therefore, Bah Adelbert urged the supporters of the VPP not to be shy but to be strong and to maintain their dignity.
But all these things are in the will of the Lord.
When asked whether she has benefited or earned money by sending people from the state to work in Chennai, War said, “I first sent my relative who He became addicted to alcohol and drugs, and stayed with the missionaries in Chennai and changed his mind. even their travel expenses" she said.
The traders of Majai, Pynursla, while talking to Rupang, expressed their great loss, because now they have to stop all their businesses, while the demand for payment of debts is not accepted. It is a lot of money, the payment of wages and then the machinery that has to be maintained, to avoid the corruption and many other problems faced by the traders.
On the incident of attack on people on the border by Bangladeshi robbers, the Minister said that the most important thing is that the police department should have a relationship between the police and the BSF to patrol the border from Bangladesh. one place to another so the public knows to feel safe.
The JSU through its Syndai Unit has raided Syndai village and found that many foreigners are working in Airtel.
“We will not wait for Parliament to approve this MOU, which we have already signed for the six sites, but the government will start implementing the arrangements. and to fix the boundary of the six remaining land,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
Such implementation requires leadership and initiative from many quarters, and which also needs to be undertaken and managed by various agencies in a consistent and consistent manner.
“Furthermore, he said that the project will not lose any money.
The decision was taken at a meeting of the joint committee of KSU Mawlai Circle, FKJGP Mawlai Circle, Mawlai Youth Association, Mawlai Pyllun Youth Association, MPF, MPDF and Mawlai Youth Association. HNYF Mawlai Circle, KWADA, Mawlai Nongkwar Youth Association (SSMN) in a meeting held today, expressed its disappointment over the absence of Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Urban Affairs. , to apologize according to the demand of the Joint Committee of these organizations, which has set a deadline of 24 hours to apologize, that is, from 18th October 2014, when Ampareen Lyngdoh has not yet shym has faithful to the word.
Mayqueen SS won the Promising Player award, the Top Scorer award went to Kitborlang L. .Marshillong, Christ Church Morning School, Best Goalkeeper went to Damanbha Warjri, Umrynjah Presbyterian, Rangkynsai or Best Player went to Kitborlang and Best Discipline. The team won against Mayqueen Secondary School.
The CoRP also urged to expedite the construction of the Umling-Patharkhmah road which is the source of income for the people of Ri Bhoi West and also to improve the Dwar Ksuid Bridge as it has caused problems. to the public especially in the coming and going and carrying of colours.
Speaking to reporters after being welcomed by the HSPDP Mawkyrwat Circle, Losmander Marweiñ said that they joined the party without any reason. The UDP Mawkyrwat Circle, but they left without information because they had already informed the UDP Mawkyrwat Circle leaders.
Shillong, July 15: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) on Friday handed over a letter to the Minister of State for State Government, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, who is also the Chairman of the Regional Committee for West Khasi Hills. He urged the State Government to inform the Election Commission of India (ECI) to take action against the people living in Langpih area who hold two EPICs, one from Meghalaya and one from Meghalaya. from the State of Assam.
We should free the children from the burden of school books,” he said.
Kharjahrin said the party hopes that the Home Minister of India, Amit Shah will announce to allow the state government to implement the Inner Line Permit in the state.
Shillong: U BJP leader and Union Minister of State for Tourism, KJ Alphonse, has slammed the Congress party for accusing the BJP of being anti-religious and anti-Christian. Alphonse said that it was the Congress which introduced the ban on conversion in the past years, but now it blames the BJP for what it has done.
Such a thing happens every 5 or 4 years before the election is announced.
In another incident, BSF troops patrolling at Ryngku, East Khasi Hills thwarted an attempt by robbers carrying Indian currency 3.12 lakh tyngka.
“The state government should include all the three languages ​​of the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Hills in the State Anthem instead of promoting the English language,” said the JSU. of People's Party (VPP) today decided to temporarily suspend their strike to demand the re-appointment of officers of the Meghalaya Lokayukta.
The problem faced by this road is in terms of land and the By-Pass from Sohiong to Lad Mawreng.
I am pleased to announce that in just one and a half years, the program has benefited about 3 lakh households and it is expected that in the coming months, we will be able to complete all the rural households in the state. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: A strange bird, which stayed overnight for four days at the church of Nongsawlia Church, has disappeared on Tuesday night, according to reports.
The clash lasted for several minutes, in which the taxi drivers did not move their vehicle in the middle of the road, in which they also clashed with one of the senior police officers.
Raja Lama scored 129 runs off 95 balls and Kunal Lama scored 57 runs off 76 balls.
Also present at the meeting were Shibun Lyngdoh, President of the party, AL Hek and Sanbor Shullai, both MLAs of the party.
“The Prime Minister wants to see that the responsibility of the workers in the States should be taken and that the letters from the States should be answered,” he said. .
The new toll has come into force since 1st September 2021. There have been 263 new cases of COVID-19, one death, bringing the death toll to 1386 in the state on Friday.
Jowai, November 05: The newly constructed Additional Office Building of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) was inaugurated today by Thombor Shiwat, Chief Executive Member of the Council. was held at the top of the office.
He said the central government should urge the state government to release the money to the district councils without delay, said James Sangma in a statement.
“Perhaps we have to investigate this issue so that we can prepare well for the MDC elections to be held soon in the next few months,” he said.
He said that as a nation we should know and remember the legacy of this great man, who has been a blessing to the Khasi nation.
From the speech of Longkmie, it is understood that most of the buyers of Sohtrun who sell along the road in Ri Bhoi, are sold by buyers from Assam, because when they buy them, they bring them. and those who came to buy thousands of sheep.
However, we have decided to come and consult with you first, perhaps it is not right to do so immediately.
On Saturday, the Laitkor Flamingos beat the Smith Grassroot Zebras.
Sunil Kumar tied 59 runs off 24 balls while Aryan Shrestha scored 30 runs off 35 balls.
Disciplinary Secretary: Salong Dkhar
When asked whether he has received any information from the SDO (Civil) Sohra, he said that he has received a copy from the SDO (Civil) Sohra but he has not received any information. “They should have informed all the Rangbah Shnongs that coal mining has been banned,” said the Syiem of Sohra Hima.
As it is known all over the world that if you want to get these things you have to have money.
However, I am looking for the truth on this,” said Bah Rowel.
Regarding the road maintenance, Bah Arbing Syiem President Umden Circle and Bah Donbok Maiong Vice President HYC Umden Circle, said that they will not hesitate to come out for the maintenance of the road. The road has been badly damaged and has affected the traffic of the people living in the area.
He said that Meghalaya will continue to host the tournament and will expand it over the years.
A skit competition and an essay competition were also held on the occasion.
From 1948 AD until today, Israel has increased and grown rapidly in all aspects.
He said that the MPship of Bah Vincvent H Pala in the last 15 years has been lost because he has not done anything except to sit in Parliament because he is in the opposition.
The absence of law has allowed MDCs to throw trees after the elections,” said KHNAM President Bah Pyndap Borthiaw Saibon who will contest from Shella constituency at the swearing-in ceremony.
The event was held at the Wall of Kindness in Nongstoin where Bah T.Lyngwa IAS Deputy Commissioner WKHD was the chief guest. distribute certain items to the public selected by the NNC and NOC.
Recently, the Minister has conducted an inspection around the places where these four buses have been parked outside Shillong.
On the same day at about 9 pm, Syrpailang fell into the water while Phailand Rngaid could not help him. The villagers on receiving this information sent a message to the village and sent people to leave but in the first attempt of the villagers they could not find the body.
The attendance at churches or churches and any other meetings in the community will be limited to 50%.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) will oversee the broadcasting from the time of the announcement of the election dates until the end of the elections and the announcement of the results.
The plane caught fire while landing and crashed into a football field near the airport, said Prem Nath Thakur, spokesman for the airport. government of Nepal.
KHNAM has announced Bankhraw Sing Kharphuli as its candidate after the CEC meeting held today.
The match was very fierce between both the teams and it was in the 80th minute that Lymrsiang scored through Go Goa Hangshing and it was enough for Lamyrsiang to reach the final.
On the other hand, the police have stepped up their patrols to prevent any incident from happening in parts of Shillong.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced that the election for the new MLA of Shella constituency will be held on the 21st of March and the announcement will be made on the 24th of the same month.
You can't do anything else.
“On the occasion of this Farmers' Day, we pay tribute to the contribution of 4.5 lakh farmers for the development of the state,” said Conrad. Try.
The appointment of Bah Khlain in place of Bah Hering as coach was announced at a press conference in the presence of the Secretary of the club, Bah Freddy Kharpran. Sailon Syngkrem has been appointed as the assistant coach of the club.
Renikton L Tongkhar, Minister of Water Resources, Mawkyrwat Constituency, on Tuesday said that the VECs on the day of the Chief Minister's visit to Mawkyrwat, They sent a petition to him to request to introduce a scheme to plant trees in Marshillong and also to beautify the Rock Garden in Jashiar.
Climate change is a reality and we must prepare for it and the Ministry of Agriculture through NICRA will train farmers who are prepared for that change.
" Pg.21.
He said that if the “One Nation, One Election” is implemented, the parties may lose their chance of winning and this proposal will deprive the small parties of their opportunity.
On the other hand, the Fire Brigade has deployed five fire brigades to extinguish the spread of the fire to other nearby houses.
In its report, IIT-Guwahati said that the failure of the roundabout was due to the lack of cooperation between the designers and contractors.
When the thoughts in the mind and soul are confused, where will the body sleep?
On the failure to set up Police Outposts in the border areas, Dr Mukul said it was due to the Indian government which has not taken action in this regard.
Speaking to media, the leaders of the Union including Bah BB Makdoh Chairman and Bah PB Sylliang Secretary, said that as the leaders of the group of Rangbah Shnongs, they have decided to hold a meeting at 19th of this month at Umsning Auditorium from 10 pm, to discuss many issues affecting the village headmen and the community.
Lakhon Biam will move two motions, one on the shortage of funds of the council which has affected the staff of the council and the development works of the council.
On the basis of these principles, the District Councils have been established under Schedule 6 (Sixth Schedule), which states the powers of the District Councils.
