The prize includes a casket, a brass plate with the writing skills of the winners and a check of 50,000 tyngka. .
The people along the border have received and continue to receive the assistance of the BSF not only in protecting the border, but also through development works especially the assistance to the villages and townships. personally and even to students through the materials.
The community radio station will serve 9 constituencies in East Khasi Hills and West Jaintia Hills covering more than 200 villages.
During this training, the residents and SHG members of Tuberkmaishnong were taught in detail on three important issues to turn waste into wealth.
Besides, the demolition of the Khlieh Umwang LP School and the suspension of the Madan Umwang LP School, which the union has demanded to be implemented, but nothing has been done yet and which has caused a lot of suffering to the students.
Hamid is on a five-day visit to India and will also leave for Delhi on the 11th for the International Solar Alliance (ISA) meeting.
The DNLA operates in Karbi Anglong and Dima Hasao districts of Assam as well as in parts of Nagaland.
Following the protest, the BJP has sent a letter to the government to expedite the work related to the MCCL, especially the implementation of the new factory which has laid the foundation stone since the beginning of the year. 1st June, 2005 and which was scheduled to be completed within three years but has not been implemented for 40 years.
However, at the same time, he said that the demand for the appointment of Arunkumar as DC was made by a few people, but most of them did not have any objection to the government's decision.
The union has received an explanation from these two managers and the union has given them time within this month to arrange and if they do not get full time employees, the union will have to go through another manager. Shillong: The Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod (KJP) Shillong, which is the sponsoring body of the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod Sepngi, said in a statement that the people of the area will benefit from these banks. The Executive Committee of Girls Higher Secondary School, Shillong, on Tuesday, 24th November, 2023, has convened an emergency meeting to discuss the tragic incident of a fire that has destroyed the buildings of the Girls Higher Secondary School, Shillong. missionaries on the morning of June 21,
Addressing a public meeting attended by many youths, Tejashwi said, “Prime Minister Narendra Modi's promises of creating 2 crore jobs , didn't materialize but my promise worked.
Mulberry.
Please be careful not to re-evaluate the examination.
The arrested person was identified as Hamidul Haque, 27, of Cooch Behar, West Bengal.
It is just a way of thinking, you can remove it from your mind and everything will go smoothly but the ILP will be the ILP,” he said.
Shillong: There have been 262 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 279 recovered and 2 dead, one of whom has not been injected.
Speaking to media, Conrad said the State has many challenges, and added that the Government will base and review the figures collected by the NITI Ayog, and by accepting what what has appeared can be changed for the better, although it will take time.
Police are conducting investigation to find out more about the smuggling of drugs and also to find out more about those involved in the smuggling of drugs.
The High Court has said that it is no longer happy to rely on the state police to curb the illegal mining and transportation of coal. illegal as a sign to show the court that it is doing something to crack down on these types of activities.
Romeo, who is the head of the department, said that many of the animals in the country live outside the National Parks and this is a serious threat to the residents of the neighboring areas. These areas have been destroyed by the attack on the residents of these neighboring villages.
Nidamon Chullet, president JHTOA, after a meeting of truck owners held at Phramer on Friday, said that at the meeting held on the 9th of this month, the dewbilat factories in East Jaintia Hills District have promised to implement the transportation fee. T.7 per metric tonne per kilometer will be announced by the State Government on 25th November
If we report positive cases just to get money, this is a mistake on our part,” he said.
On the 2nd June, the cleaning of the ground floor and cleaning of unnecessary equipment and documents was done by various departments of NEIGRIHMS. On the 2nd, 3rd, 4th, , 9, 10, 12 and 15th June 2019, health training was given to the patients and caregivers by the staff of NEIGRIHMS during the opening hours of the OPD. Health experts from NEIGRIHMS conducted a seminar on sexual hygiene and sanitary napkin distribution at Lady Keane College, Loreto Convent and Seng Khasi Higher Secondary School. The Swachhta Conference, “Hygeia 2019” was held at NEIGRIHMS Auditorium with the participation of the staff in charge of cleanliness of various institutions.
Shillong: Nagaland beat Meghalaya by 65 runs in the U-23 Col CK Nayudu Trophy in Golaghat, Assam on Saturday.
Reri Boje was rescued from Richi Jullang area near Chimpu-Jullang Bridge and three kidnappers were arrested, the SP said. The arrested were identified as Yarkum Rimo (4) , Mako Rimo, 23 and Tah Rimo, 35, of Fengche village under Seppa, East Kameng district headquarters, the police chief said.
As the saying goes in the Nongwei language, “Voicing one's opinion is no longer a luxury of the rich and the elite”.
The 30-year-old man, who lives in Mawiong with his wife and children, earns his living by working as a laborer to collect tin jot and other garbage in the marten.
RESIDENTS' PHONE (UDP) –
The fire brigade rushed to the scene and extinguished the fire in time.
Not only Christianity, but all religions.
Nagaland scored 245 runs in the first innings and set a target of 319/4 in the second innings, while Meghalaya managed to reach only 110 runs before being bowled out. in the first inning.
In this Bill, Laitkroh was abolished and Umsning Constituency was created and the villages separate from Laitkroh were transferred to Sohra, Nongkrem, Mawkynrew and Langkyrdem Constituencies.
Furthermore, the WJDSA has appointed two secretaries archery and gym to start these games.
Speaking on the VPP, Bah Ardent said that if you are a member of the VPP, if the party nominates an MDC, you should support, and if the party nominates an MP, you should support. Because now it will send to Delhi a person to look for the problems of the jaidbynriew who has not yet been able to raise the problems of the jaidbynriew.
On this occasion, the BDO of Zikzak Block, Dr. Digonto Hajong, opened the trucks carrying the sohmrit.
Dr. JN Shullai & Mr. Aris Nongkynrih
What is not accepted has been done and done here in the state, especially after the Covid 19 pandemic has disappeared, the state has been quiet and the sound of laughter has been heard in the state. Every organization of various sports, the hope that all these organized, will pay off with the ability of the youngsters to appear or shine in the sports competitions.
Urea consumption increased by 27% in Punjab, 20% in Kerala, 67% in Uttarakhand and 49.6% in Jammu & Kashmir in 2022-23 compared to 2021-2
The residents said that after that, the garbage dump has become a haven for drug users and has caused the vendors to be afraid especially at night to be in the dump.
I was getting out of the car at the stand, suddenly I saw her and called.
“We have issued an order to repeal the MPDA Act for the three arrested members of the Sengbhalang,” he said. release the arrested leaders without any conditions.
After the discussion, the House has passed the Constituency Division Bill and is now ready to send it to the State Government to send back to the Governor for approval so that it will come into force in the upcoming elections. MDC didn't come.
He said that the ICHR will focus on the region to investigate what happened in the region from the writings in the indigenous languages ​​of the region.
He urged the youth to take the right path to become useful members of society for the development of the country as a whole.
According to the discussions with the government, there will be 14 entry and exit points in the state, but three points need to be done in Ri Bhoi, Jaintia Hill and West. Khasi Hills.
Genesis 3:2.
It is surprising that the fare has increased from 60 to
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills in collaboration with the District Sports Officer has concluded the Fit India Freedom Run 4.0 and the National Unity Day Run (Rashtriya Ekta Diwas) for the women and men on the 31st at Jowai.
The author believes that it is a good scheme for the youth of the country for the following reasons: (1) Because joining the army not only strengthens the body but also strengthens the (2) intellectual strength provides a person with discipline especially in our society which has declined slowly in this regard.
It was after that that a complaint was lodged with the police in Laitumkhrah and then there was a clash between the two groups which led to the throwing of stones and burning of vehicles. in the courtyard of the police station.
She said that the more educated women are, the more progressive the society will be in many areas especially in the economy and this will reduce the violence against women and children.
The FKJGP urges and warns all institutions (Educational or Financial) through this news that if there is no action from the Government, the FKJGP will not hesitate to take action against them. sien hours that are tight.
She said that the recruitment of households differs from urban and rural areas according to the government's directives.
He recalled that in 2007, a MoU was signed with private companies but till now no project has been signed at that time to be implemented.
“We want the MDA Government to appoint an Officer-in-Charge who is not a Khasi-Pnar, not a Bihari, Nepali or a non-Khasi-Pnar. Garo.
Meanwhile, in reply to Engleng, Himanta said that according to the information of the SP of West Karbi Anglong, the incident on 22nd November, 2022 has nothing to do with the incident. border between Meghalaya and Assam, but was due to the seizure of an illegal timber truck.
The program was inaugurated by Dr. DD Lyngdoh, Block Development Officer, Amlarem C&RD Block in the presence of Lambormi Suchen, Skill Development Officer, Thangbuli. The program was conducted by Mr. L.Lanong, Director, CIT. In his speech, the Chief Guest urged the trainees to They will take advantage of this training as it is one of the trainings that will help them to work and earn money in the field of Tourist Guide.
The project, sponsored by the Rural Electrification Corporation, includes many activities as well as the Water Sanitation and Hygiene WASH and 1000 Days Campaign.
Pynshngain N Syiem, former MLA Mawsynram constituency, has spent T.64,50,000 lakh to repair 430 houses at T.15,000 per household. T.4500 lakh to be distributed to 400 households, T.30 lakh to build new houses for 60 households at T.50,000 per household, T.14,80,000 lakh to buy piglets T.12,50,000 lakh has been spent to build houses for 50 households at a cost of T.25,000 per household. T.13 lakh to build roads for 52 households at a cost of T.25 thousand per household, T.6 lakh to purchase shelter houses to distribute to 40 Sengbhalang and SHGs at a cost of T.15000 per group , spent T.3,20,000 lakh to purchase sewing machine (usha) to distribute to 40 people at T.8000 each, spent T.2 lakh to purchase mystery items to distribute to 40 people in price T.5000 each.
The Diengduh Lieh helps the blind to cross the road, to ride a car to go to post offices or hospitals and other public places. It also helps them to walk, stand and work. their own jobs without having to rely on others and also gives them that sense of self-reliance.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Balajied Rani, MDC Nongpoh, congratulated the leaders of the Samla Shnong for their 25th anniversary. He hopes that during the 25 years of its existence, the Youth Organization has done many great things for the benefit of the people.
These two blocks are much easier to return to Jaintia Hills, as they are the villages of Jaintia Hills and have their own districts and administration.
The meeting decided to meet with the Government authorities on many development projects of the Government and especially in relation to the MHIS scheme, agriculture schemes, which help and protect many of the poor and needy people. especially in health.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the President of NEHUSU, Samla Readyfirstjune said that they have been informed that the government will once again write to the Vice Chancellor of NEHU on this issue. section.
Marwein said they have reminded the Minister of their pending demands such as a 5% salary increase per annum and the retirement age from 60 years to 65 years.
Our nation needs revelation and we need to think carefully about all these things and not only to think but also to try to do something on these issues.
Finance Secretary- Brightstar Sohtun and Nangaibormi Sutnga along with 15 Executive Members.
He said that there are still many areas that the party wants to work for the people of Ri Bhoi District, but at present they have not been able to express them publicly. It is not only the party that will speak out against the problems of the people of Ri Bhoi, but the party wants to work together in what it needs the support of the people to achieve “Many of the issues affecting the people of Ri Bhoi District,” he added.
Dr Mukul said he does not see any evidence from research to extend the first and second vaccinations from 12 or 16 months.
In addition, at the general meeting, the Seiñ Kur Shadap Manar will also discuss many issues related to the welfare and development of the Kur Shadap Manar, which falls under the jurisdiction of the Seiñ. where Shadap Manar is located.
Therefore, the union is strongly aware that this will be the last time for them to smuggle, said Bah Ribokstar.
They have started digging the PWD road, the village road and the footpaths since 2022 but after the digging, they leave it alone.
Take the time to understand the reasons.
Shillong, Nailur 16: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma today convened a meeting with the Deputy Commissioners, DRDA, Medical, PWD, PHE and other government departments of the four districts of the country. -Lum Garo at Tura Circuit House.
Even in the subject Mathematics, the Khasi student did not feel that he could not compete with the Dkhar.
The ITEP (Integrated Teacher Education Programme) is not available for B.Ed courses in Jowai.
“Even if it is our supporters, we don't want such supporters to go to the media.
“On the other hand, Richard Marak, District Convenor of the Meghalaya TMC, welcomed Zenith Sangma and other leaders at the opening ceremony of the tournament.
This pattern of return of people to their hometowns has not only stopped at the workers, but has spread to students, employees in private companies in all the states of the country.
He urged all the Nongbylla Sngi to come forward and take advantage of this opportunity from the government.
Kharkrang said that in Shillong so far, three candidates have expressed their intention to contest, including Finela L Nonglait who has expressed her intention to contest from the party ticket from Shillong seat. .
After returning from the break, Manbha Iawphniaw of Mawlai tried to run forward from the right side and forced the ball into the net but it turned wide. Now.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Tuesday announced that it will extort money from several people in the name of the National Liberation Council (HNLC). The Youth Front (HNYF) has come forward to support those who are in need.
In a statement, VPP Spokesperson Dr. Batskhem Myrboh said that the Government of India in July this year has ordered the release of the money in the first phase of the purchase of equipment. 301.94 crore to the Government of Meghalaya for the year 2023-2
The contract teachers who have been dismissed, after a nine-day strike, have staged a sit-in near the Civil Hospital and today they have decided to turn to the Secretariat.
He said that under the Open Market Sales Scheme Domestic (OMSS(D), rice and wheat have been auctioned at market prices every month to maintain their prices for the benefit of the people.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of the party, Bah KP Pangniang, said that the HSPDP was founded in 1968 before the independence of Meghalaya. to protect the nation.
Shillong: The Shillong Archdiocese Catholic Youth Movement (SACYM) has organized a biennial convention for the youth of the Church of East Khasi Hills and Ri-Bhoi District. In this regard, the Seng requests the various Sengbhalang, the CoHSO of the State and The North Eastern Youth Organization (NESO) has also urged the North Eastern Youth Organization (NESO) to extend the road blockade so that it will not affect the youth and believers who came to take part in the program during these days.
In addition to the 43 dead, 13 others survived but were seriously injured. Immediately after the incident, the ISIS militants fled on three motorcycles. Within an hour of the incident, a group known as Jundullah or the Army of God claimed responsibility.
The suspect has been arrested for further investigation and to track down others involved in the crime, the statement said.
When asked whether they went to the area without police, Bah Basaiawmoit said that the Council police went but the government police in the area were informed to provide any information. protection if necessary.
However, it was said that in the past 2 or 3 days she had gone to take medicine and yesterday the sisters had changed because she was suddenly small and she had become ill and for this reason they suspected her but later she died. phla is not.
The provision of information in the villages and communities is clear and this has led to a decrease in the spread of the disease in Meghalaya.
The letter, which came through the GFI, said that Karmakar and other athletes had earlier been able to arrange for the requirements for participation in the Asian Games, which is in accordance with the rules laid down by the GFI. the Ministry of Sports of the Central Government.
When we walk up and down, we see that the streets, car seats, counters in banks and outlets are covered with immoral signs and shapes.
Shillong: The Legal Rights Observatory (LRO) today issued a statement on social media asking where the Garo people of Khasi Hills and their 42 Nokmas will go. until the amendment of the 6th Schedule.
Out of 1004 votes of men, 707 voters and out of 975 votes of women, 751 voters.
We have seen the increase in the price of food and beverages in the country and especially in our state this is the result of corruption in which the people are involved.
“Pala received a min from the court in the days before Christmas,” the police chief said.
Most of the people think only about the scheme but don't know that the scheme comes from the policy.
I hope we will win this election,” he said.
The disease has affected 2 million people worldwide, with the death toll rising to 1,36,0
Regarding the construction of the 2 lane road from Demseiniong to Deingpasoh, Prestone Tynsong said that the Meghalaya government is inviting tender for the construction of the road at a cost of Rs 35 crore. amount.
It is not known what will happen next as the area still falls under Muktoh village in Meghalaya.
Friday For Future – Shillong will hold a march on 27/09/19 from 11 am from Madan Iewrynghep to the Additional Secretariat.
He said that it was the Congress party which appointed Bah Pynshngaiñ as CEM but now he has banned the party which appointed him.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 92933 out of which 90522 have recovered and 1561 have died.
God chose men to write His Word from the beginning like King David, Amos as a shepherd, fishermen like Peter, prophets like Isaiah, tax collectors like Matthew, soldiers like Joshua, doctors like Luke, and so on.
He said that no final decision has been taken on the issue of hosting the tournament for the country as the country as a whole together with the cricket teams of the country. Officials of the Sri Lanka Cricket Council (SLC), Bangladesh and Afghanistan Cricket Boards will come to witness the final of the IPL and a decision will be taken after that. the Asia Cup will be held in the near future.
However, on the other hand, Bah Lapang, who was present at the press conference with Joshi and Prime Minister Mukul Sangma, said that the AICC has been informed of the concerns of the MLAs. during the tenure of V. Narayanasamy, but it took time for the AICC to do its job.
According to a statement issued by the Superintendent of Police, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, IPS, police yesterday received a tip that one of the drug dealers identified as Kim Khongsai was planning to kill a drug dealer. ANTF and Khliehriat Police Station immediately conducted a search operation and blocked the road from Jeribam to Shillong. The arrest was made at 1 pm today. to the woman.
The Seng calls upon all the Dorbar Shnongs of Hynniewtrep Hills District to work together to protect the people who come from abroad and the students who study abroad, so that we can to eradicate the covid-19 virus.
The report has been directed to be sent to the Deputy Commissioner by the 30th of this month.
Giving an example that in Bengal, the ruling and opposition parties don't talk much, he said that when it comes to the state, whoever wins, it depends on the people and when they win, they have to work together for you are good to the people.
The Seng said that at present the Key Village Council has been running since 1974 and has only one employee and this creates problems for the farmers when they need assistance.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Bright said that education is very important and he announced the Christ Church Morning School which has been running in Mawmer for 25 years to produce many educated children, even in the middle of the bun that stone.
Previously, the price of 80 kilograms of cows was T.38,500 or T.39,000 per head while now the price of the same cows is T.44,800 per head.
And if the government doesn't punish and do something about this crime, the exploiters and perpetrators will become more and more brave and the society will continue to face many problems and deprivation of rights. who is poor or poor.
Regarding the RBYF's ability to help these poor families, the longkmie and the Dorbar Shnong Umsning Proper-B, expressed their special thanks to the RBYF for taking this step to remember and donate Nongpoh: For the fourth time, the office bearers of the Nongtluh Erie Farmers Association (NEFA) have been able to hold another festival known as Ri Kunai la Tynrai, They started yesterday and ended yesterday at Umden Nongtluh Square.
This was followed by a yoga session as organized by the Ministry of Ayush under the leadership of a team from the Meghalaya Yog Samiti.
Some of the Sumo drivers and passengers of the vehicles have phoned this reporter today and have expressed their desire to inform about the accident.
Lumshyiap Village in Umroi Constituency is a village with a hundred years old water supply.
When asked whether they went to Mawiong to cut meat in the place built by the government, they said that some of them went to Mawiong and some of them went to cut meat in the place built by the government. Phudmawri, Laimer, Umpling and elsewhere, because they are closer.
He urged the teachers to provide a happy and enjoyable education to the children so that they will be interested in focusing on these two subjects in the classrooms and outside.
On October 05, 2019, it was inaugurated to provide electricity to 14 villages in Satpator District on the India-Bangladesh border.
The NCERT took this decision at its meeting today and approved to replace the subject 'Classical History' with 'Ancient History'
After a while, the P.W.D Building called a new tender for the remaining works. The contractor saw this and filed a case against the P.W.D Building.
“The HYC reminds these Bengali organizations and foreign individuals not to interfere in the security affairs of our State because they do not know the beginning and the end of these things.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Prime Minister of Meghalaya, Narendra Modi, will not only meet with government officials at the street hall, but will also visit Meghalaya. Mawlynnong is one of the villages he plans to visit on the 28th.
He said that Meghalaya has come second in the performance of the JJM in the country.
For Meghalaya, Teibok Nongrum (4'), Colinsalmon Lyngdoh (52'), Jony Bakordor Nongkhlaw (80') and Wallambok Shangpliang (84') scored.
However, it is understood that the Rs 85 crore dry process could not be completed on time and was completed after nine years, until 2016,” he said.
On the other hand, the Secretary of the Hima Nonglang, Bah Birbor Riangtem, said that to avoid the incident in Mukroh, the Hima has to bring these 25 persons to the Hima Office in Langdongdai. Assam.
The Association also said that West Khasi Hills District is a district rich in natural resources and suggested to the Minister to take action to set up a fully functional Branch Office of the Directorate. of Mineral Resources in Nongstoin, to make it easier for the coal traders to get challans for the transportation of coal and other minerals as until now the traders have to go to Shillong to get challans and other minerals. need.
The closing ceremony was attended by Bah Jason S. Mawlong, MLA Umsning and others.
The services of the hospital are provided by the establishment of other health centers known as Rural Health Centres, which have been built in the rural areas to provide services to the poor.
Sailung Ialong beat 7 Wasa United 2-1 in the first half. Banshan Pale scored the second goal for Sailung Ialong in the 87th minute. 88.
The central theme of this day was to work together to achieve that goal of helping the disabled.
He won in the feather weight category 66kg.
The police department should also register a case because the suspected thief has been injured by the people who arrested him and should investigate why they are slow to inform the police, and how they have the power to shoot and injure him when the law says that we cannot keep the law, because there are lawbreakers.
At the same time, the HNYF-EJZ&HANM-KC urges the Governor to listen to the voice of the SRS-EJHD and the people of the district as a whole.
It may be recalled that after the collapse of the Dome, there was a strong demand that the investigation should be handed over to the CBI but the government has not handed over.
Speaking at the welcoming ceremony, Bah GG Bung Snaitang said that as they have worn the UDP flag, “to feel the ownership with the support of the old supporters so that the you will not be able to do so.
Other speakers at the meeting included James PK Sangma Minister of Home Affairs, AL Hek Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Laloo DC SWKHD, HG Lyngdoh SP SWKHD. , Chairman of the Civil Subdivision Demand Committee, elders of the area, officers from various government departments and others.
The award was presented by the President of the Society, Rimiki Lathong, Justice Paul Lyngdoh and others.
The Longdoh is the performer of the rituals along with the Maji, Sangot and Wasan.
The three Municipal Boards of Shillong, Jowai and Tura have been directed to submit their requirements for the night shelter and the government will review and take necessary action by the 30th of this month. The State Government through its lawyer, has promised that the Government will take action to complete this work and provide the requirements for this night shelter to be run by the Municipal Boards within the 30th July this year.
“The government used to say that it doesn't have the money and it has implemented the works by not taking money, to clean the house, to provide electricity. “It has appointed hundreds of Chairman and paid lakhs of rupees,” he added.
Replying to a question in the Legislative Assembly, the CM said, “At present we don't have a plan to increase the number of smart towns, but it is our goal to ensure that All district headquarters will be covered under this programme.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 21: Meghalaya is one of the states where tourists from all over the world are eager to visit tourist attractions like Nongkhnum, Mawphanlur, Lum Kyllang, Mawthadraishan and others. beautiful places, because of the year-round green lawns, the sweet streams, and the beautiful mountains.
For the villagers, the arrangements will be made with the Rangbah Shnongs together with the BDOs of the areas under their jurisdiction.
The meeting of these opposition parties to fight against the BJP will be held in Patna on July 12, as scheduled at the JD(U) meeting of the Chief Minister of Bihar. and Nitish Kumar.
The victory was also the third time that the national team has qualified for the tournament.
However, when asked whether there is a case on this road in the Kashari, he said, “I don't know if there is a case on the road in the Kashari.
Conrad said that discussions with various groups are necessary before taking any decision on the railway line to Shillong.
The oxygen plant has a capacity of 800 LPM and can assist 100 people at the same time in times of need and this is one of the preparations for the third phase in case of the outbreak. , but hopefully that disease will not come, but it is necessary to be prepared.
The Seng also urges the Village Authorities in the area to think carefully and enforce the rules of allocation of houses to non-Khasis and to ensure that foreign Dkhars enter and work in the area. freedom of expression within the villages and townships which threatens the peace and stability as well as the deprivation of our ownership in the workplace and in many areas.
Security forces have busted two militant groups and arrested three armed men working with militants along with ammunition and bullets in Kulgam district of Jammu and Kashmir, police said. .
The Bill has sparked protests by various groups which has resulted in damage to government property and civilians and injuries to many civilians as well as government officials.
We also urge the drivers of 2 wheelers (L) to refrain from driving on these highways as it will endanger themselves and others.
On the other hand, regarding the drug trafficking in the state, James K Sangma said the law will do whatever is necessary.
When asked why government buses do not run, he said it is usual when no one runs or stands during such curfews.
The ICC's renewal of rankings is based on all ODIs completed by teams in the past 10 years from June 2020 along with matches completed before June 2022 which carry 50% and all: lin games that are heavy and carry up to 100%.
The former Malki MLA alleged that Bah Dasakhiat had carried trucks of food items to distribute to the people of Nongkrem.
Lyngdoh said that the CDPO of ML Shira, in fact, did not appoint me but appointed a person with roll number AWW 102, who did not appear or pass the personal interview. .
At the time of India's independence, the National Conference of United Khasi and Jaintia States wrote to His Excellency the Governor to appoint him as King again but he refused.
On the occasion, which marked the 25th Anniversary of the school, a souvenir on the history of the school was also launched by the elders who were present on the occasion. .
Despite the outbreak of COVID-19 and lockdowns in the past two years, the implementation of the Jal Jeevan Mission has gone smoothly and this fiscal year, more than 2.05 crore households in the areas the villagers have received water.
The reason for the KJC LF to hold this special prayer is after the evidence that the state government does not have the will to abolish the Khalai Act in the state as demanded by many. for many kinds of evils will come.
“Muslims, they will give birth to many, many children, they will not listen to anyone.
Any seed with a mark of pu'ut should be rejected, as it can cause ring disease.
Jowai, Jymmang 16: The Loomkyrwiang Dorbar Shnong on Tuesday held a meeting for the children of the village at the Dorbar Hall of the village, as part of the celebration of the 104th Anniversary of the Dorbar Hall. “Young Waieh”.
After discussion and the opinion of the elders of the border villages, the Committee accepted and approved.
Therefore, in the final match of the tournament and in the midst of a beautiful and exciting game, Rympei PIP reached the goal and won the title by scoring 4 – goal against the South West Khasi Hills Police Football Team.
Three police vehicles, two gypsies and a van were destroyed by petrol bombs.
It is learned that due to the overturning of the truck, it has caused heavy traffic jam from MES to Upper Shillong and drivers are urged to avoid overtaking for the safety of the public.
“These same people have accused me of encouraging Khasi women to have many children,” he said. “These same people have accused me of encouraging Khasi women to have many children. I am a small nation. If it weren't for the birth of many children by our mothers, we would have only 5 lakh children but with the birth of many children, we now have lakhs of people, our nation should not listen to the government's encouragement to have only 2 children but while God is still giving, 10 children will accept, 30 children will accept, abolish that Sign Board which says small family is happy family, that is why in the past I gave awards to women who have many children,” said Bah HS Shylla. long in Pynursla.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on 21st June, 2013, today said that there will be a restructuring and transformation of the State Administration in the coming days. is to have volunteers from the villages, to be the leaders of the government in their villages.
There are also kidnappings and other crimes especially as it borders with Assam.
Jaintia Hills, Lyngngam West Khasi Hills, perhaps it would be better for them to follow the suggestions of Bah Bring, to think with the future generations.
Shillong Lajong in the last match against Rajasthan United beat Rajasthan United 4-4 goals, but after losing by two goals.
In an academic article D.El.
On the part of the family, they expressed their gratitude to the KSU Mawiawet Unit for their kindness.
One of the things that hurt him was that Kongthei Daplin had humiliated him and the second was about Lano's offer to live with him.
To raise awareness among the public about the neglect and discrimination against the sick, students of Bachelor of Social Work, Women's College and St. Edmund's College took part in a street drama held at Bhoirymbong Market.
I will say I feel how, when people want support, we are working on the job, for people to support.
Thaura Nampui scored for Newhill in the 40'+1 and Dawanlang Laloo in the 41st while Mookaswan Dongwah scored for Slim Marboh in the 69th minute.
There are many types of teachers, such as SSA teachers and other groups of teachers who are waiting for their rightful salaries.
On the other hand, he said that the government's claim that it has not repealed this Act because the purpose is to curb vacancies. Bah Robert said that it is only a rapjot suda of the government. The Meghalaya Prevention of Gambling Act, 1970 has been passed to prohibit all gambling activities.
In order to knieh kmta, the decision should be made only to one person, except for the iashrut of the other party.
Khliehriat, July 13: The CSR department of Star Cement Lumshnong has announced that the CSR will conduct an examination (test) for all Students from East Jaintia Hills District, who are studying in the 12th standard, will be awarded the Scholarship once.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The 2018 elections will be the first election in which many candidates will contest from Sohra constituency, according to media reports.
The Chief Minister hopes that Amit Shah will take the time to meet with these groups on that day to discuss the ILP and other demands and at the same time the State Government. It will also request Amit Shah to give time to meet with the political parties of the state who will leave later to meet him.
Besides, it is said that they are good at driving away from crowded places.
In a statement, CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing, who visited the scene at Lyngiong, Nongthymmai, said that the government should pay adequate compensation to the victims. family affected by this incident.
Jan Andhikar Party (JAP) leader Pappu Yadav, who is also the party's prime ministerial candidate, has lost his election campaign in Minapur, Bihar. The Progressive Democratic Alliance (PDA) has fallen to the ground and counted its strength.
That the Mawbynna and Mawkynthei within the Hima Mylliem have been recognized by the Bahadur Government since 1921 and it has been reported to the Government that these MAW should be respected and preserved and not destroyed. 2.
Speaking at a meeting held by the Land Department at Don Bosco Youth Centre, Laitumkhrah, Shillong, Bah Kharkongor said that the Land Department has worked together to identify 156 land plots. micro watersheds do not take this part.
“It is not easy for a new MP to speak in Parliament, we need someone who is experienced to speak in Parliament,” she said.
Nongstoiñ: The District Administration of West Khasi Hills District, on Tuesday said that they have already sent relief goods to the refugees of Huhuapara village since the 22nd of this month. This is the day after the visit of six MLAs of Meghalaya.
Speech was delivered by the son of Bah Grosswell Mylliemngap, Dr. OS Jyrwa who told about the life of this leader who was the first Leader of Sohryngkham Constituency from 1972 to
For example, there are many schools in the center of the Shillong government especially in the Laitumkhrah area.
This shows the silence of the SDO although he had received the information since the day of the power outage but he did not do anything.
The union also expressed its concern to the Minister that the college has only the Arts Stream and this has created problems for the students who are educated but who come from poor families where they cannot choose the Arts Stream. Arts Stream even if they want to study Science or Commerce just because they cannot afford to continue their studies in Shillong or elsewhere.
“I was really angry, but, I decided I would come up with a better issue.
Other issues raised by the General Secretary were that the government has accepted and recognized the office bearers of the Seng Khasi to issue marriage certificates to the couples.
It was also decided to set up special study centers on the welfare of cows, to provide for the needs of cows in their shelters, to build cow shelters across the state. , to seek information from experts, for the management of cow dung and cow dung.
The next meeting will be held in June this year,
According to Kong Phanbuh, there are many cases where people from the North East have faced insults and insults when they are outside the North East.
With the death toll during the Panchayat elections, 16 people have died, police said.
However, KHNAM expects the Expert Committee to convene a meeting of all political parties.
On the other hand, the EM said that the KHADC has been included in the Regional Committee and is part of the MOU signed between the two states and the facts according to the stories and documents are part of the KHADC. This will be discussed within the Regional Committee.
During the inspection, the Union Minister inspected a check dam implemented under the MGNREGA scheme in collaboration with the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority. PMAY-G-Scheme.
Rymmai, who is a close follower of Dr Khonglam, said that when Dr Khonglam was elected as MLA, he always thought of the people and the seat so that he could win. provide assistance to the people.
On the other hand, the BM of State Bank of India Ladrymbai Branch welcomed the proposal of the union and promised to join hands with the union to educate the public to avoid fraudsters and those who want to eat. ei the money of the people without through their deceitful tricks.
The Delimitation Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has announced to start public hearings in more than 23 constituencies as part of the preparation of the Delimitation Bill ahead of the MDC elections to be held in u year old.
The KSU said that the exporters or foreign traders have agreed to suspend foreign trade until the COVID-19 pandemic in Bangladesh has subsided until the state government can provide all the necessary measures. , according to Ministry of Health guidelines.
, which is located at Station Road, Duliajan, Assam.
We have also lodged a complaint with the police,” said the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills, Ripnar Lyngdoh.
He said that the TMC will fight against the rule of the BJP in Delhi, in which these actions of the party in power in India, in which the actions of the BJP in Delhi. , the people have begun to understand even in this state, from the villages and even in the homes and places of worship.
Haa...haaa...haaa (laughs Bah Les) Dr. Don said that even if you don't pay the bill, you shouldn't pay the bill,” said Bah Les.
Riyo Dhar scored the first goal for Nangbah Pohchnong in the 12th minute.
In the women's 10 kilometer race in the age group of 25-29, Sangita Bordoloi came first, Tarali Phukan second and Dakahi Kyndait from Meghalaya came third. ).
However, if we look at the eastern parts of India and other countries, this is their profession.
Wait for about 15 minutes and rinse with lukewarm water.
They also urged the public to avoid walking on this road except for urgent purposes.
Out of these 1,592 cases, 1072 cases are from East Khasi Hills District, 101 cases from West Jaintia Hills District, 164 cases from Ri Bhoi District, 40 cases from West Khasi Hills District and 80 cases from East Khasi Hills District. Jaintia Hills, 70 cases from West Garo Hills, 17 cases from South West Khasi Hills, 11 cases from North Garo Hills, 12 cases from South Garo Hills and 5 cases from South West Garo Hills District. .
At an emergency meeting held on Thursday in Guwahati, UCFNEI members felt that prayer is a powerful tool to bring people together and to ask for the guidance and guidance of the Spirit. Pure.
There is no other way.
He said that after the Congress MDC candidate won, the supporters were happy, because when he gave the scheme, he used to distribute the work orders in front of the public. After winning the MLA election, he didn't do anything else but he disappeared.
The Department through the NYIK and NSS has assisted the State Government, the Department of Health and the District Authorities in the fight against COVID-1
“If you say that Khasi daju don't need to wear sopti because they are land owners, can he drive without a license,” he said.
At this meeting, a petition was also submitted to the Governor in the evening.
Batskhem Nongbri, Jailor District Jowai Jail, said that they have conducted this spraying to kill germs, as well as to join hands with the government in the fight against COVID-1
The Dorbar Shnong Ladrymbai Dongwah, East Jaintia Hills District has issued a public notice and directed all residents, shopkeepers, contractors and businessmen to register themselves with the Dorbar Shnong. .
By June 2023, the share from the Central Government that the State has received is T.272.34 crore and the State's share is T.30.26 crore,” he said.
Shillong: U Bah Paul Marweiñ, resident of Lumparing, has been the lucky winner of the 1st Dear Lottery.
The JSU congratulates the villages in Jowai who have set up Community Isolation Centers to help the residents to isolate themselves. to avoid infection or spreading to others in their households.
Malik, a Jat leader from Western Uttar Pradesh, said the situation has deteriorated slightly as the UP police have tried to forcibly evict the farmers from Ghaziabad.
Bah Pynïaid said that the salary cannot be taken from development schemes but should be collected from taxes and other contributions collected and received from the state government.
He said that he is pleased to see the young men and women who come forward to take part in singing, dancing and sports activities as part of the preservation of the We need to encourage the youth and hope that the youth here will be the leaders of the village and the nation as a whole. “I am with Bah Carnes Sohshang as MDC of this constituency in any area,” said Ma Vincent H Pala.
Is it because the Central Government doesn't care about this state or is it not yet time to recognize the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule?
“The Government in many cases has invested and raised money to save the MCCL,” he said.
The Division Bench has once again slammed the government and police for failing to curb the illegal coal trade, saying that all this would not have happened without the cooperation of the authorities and the census. sting that power Police.
One of the major initiatives taken by the NDA Government is the repeal of the Armed Forces (Special Power) Act from 15 police stations in nine districts of Nagaland to police stations in seven districts of Manipur and in 23 districts of Assam.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Nagaland by six wickets in the Ranji Trophy in the plate group at the MCA Polo Ground, Shillong.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Nongrum said that he fully agrees with the statement of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong who on Monday (11th November) said that The land will be allocated to 342 Harijan families in Them Metor.
The earth and the sky have become dry and barren, and the growth of plants has disappeared.
To strengthen this aspect, it is necessary to examine and question the history according to the signs that appear in society.
Looking back at our country, we have experienced a lockdown for 2 months and during these times we have seen the suspension of various activities from markets, commercial vehicles, trains, aircraft, manufacturing operations and more.
Shillong, November 17: U Bah Ransom Sutnga, NPP candidate from North Shillong Constituency on Thursday took part in the Christmas celebration organized by the Women's Wing of the National People's Party (NPP) Jaïaw Zone together with the residents of Jaïaw Zone. of Jaïaw Laitdom, the elderly and the young children held at the Jaïaw Laitdom Dorbar Hall.
Corruption, murder and murder have corrupted and destroyed the rule of law.
“It is heartbreaking to see that these areas are deserted and it seems that they will not be inhabited in the future if the distrust and fear continues," the statement said.
During the search of the vehicle used by the suspects, about 100 soap bottles filled with heroin were found in other parts of the vehicle. car.
Deibormame Tongper scored in the 14th minute while Gladdy Kharbuli scored in the 24th minute.
Shillong, Nailur 2: A fire broke out at a Petrol Pump near Pynursla at 12:30 pm this afternoon.
If the government cannot do anything, it will have to increase the salaries of government employees, and the wages of others who are not in the government service so that they can afford to send their children to school.
“The Kurs don't know whether they are growing or losing their race,” said Bah John.
The new office bearers are Hoping Phawa, K Biam and Dahun Sariang, three auditors, Skhem Muruh and three auditors. Meshak Marak, K Nongspung and 10 other Executive Members.
The UDP, which is one of the largest ethnic parties in Meghalaya, has a sign of trouble as it has only nine MLAs this term.
(V.Anantha Nageswaran and Chanchal C.Sarkar are Chief Economic Advisors and Economic Advisors in the Ministry of Finance, Government of India.
I used to remember the old leaders who were wise, who were indeed wise leaders, but now it is difficult to find such people as the leaders of the past,” he added.
The number of cases in India has risen to 1,96,427 and the death toll to 3,511 in the past 24 hours.
Barack Obama's visit comes after ISIS militants invaded eastern Iraq, killing thousands of civilians and driving them away. drive them out of their houses, that they may dwell in the wilderness.
These two incidents led Syiem Tirot Singh, Syiem Nongkhlaw and Bor Manik Syiem to understand the nature of the British East India Company, which came in the form of trade but meant to destroy. to the land of the Hima Khasi.
It is for this reason that many scientists have tried to find out where God is or where he lives, but in vain, when only the heavenly bodies have not been reached, how can they find God? And when they don't find it, they can't prove it. That's why many say – there is no God.
Sunesh M.Syiem (Sohra Sports Association) as Secretary.
Speaking on the Roster System, the Minister said that the government has handed over to the Chief Secretary (CS) to do whatever is necessary and the CS is ready to respond in person. He said that this is not an easy task that can be completed because it is a difficult task.
Prestone said that there was a terrible fire in Them Iew Mawlong in 1996 in which many houses were destroyed by the fire and which also caused the loss of several lives. court papers.
The CEO said that the invitation for political parties to participate is not to pay them but it is a directive from the Election Commission that the registration of candidates should be clean and smooth. right.
When we found these registration points, we tried to inquire from these managers who said that this scheme has been allocated by the TMC party for the poor women by registering and verifying through Election Photo Identity Card, Adhaar Card, Mobile Number, Account Number and others and if they don't have Adhaar Card, even if they have only EPIC or Ration Card, it is enough.
The three players won one Scooty each.
On the other hand, the CM said that there is a delay in the treatment of TB patients especially those who come from low income families who have not gone to the doctors until the the suffering was greater.
Speaking on the border issue, the leader said that the Meghalaya government's disobedience to the Assam government has led to the state losing its land in the border areas.
Isn't that our custom? We all have inherited that custom.
There has not been a single Khasi-Jaintia MLA who has given a helping hand to Maieid in his struggle to resolve the border issue. in the state of Assam.
Ah! Who can change the minds of those who fight against each other?
What is the benefit of the law against drinking alcohol, the law against wearing seat belts, the law against speeding, or the law against driving, when a taxi, which should have seated 4 people, was found to be carrying dozens of passengers? and the violence, which has been committed, especially against children, school children, in which they have been thrown like niut.
According to estimates, there are more than 300 types of sign languages ​​used by deaf people worldwide.
The cold is always near.
“No, we won’t call them.
Two people have died from the disease, bringing the total number of deaths from COVID-19 to 1573 with 42 new cases on Tuesday.
With this victory, Nangkiew Irat has moved up from sixth to fourth place with three points.
The representatives of Meghalaya include Bah Badon Sing Tham in the category of 50 years old, Arbet Nonglang in the category of 40 years old, Okitlang Syiemlieh in the category of 20 years old and Ferick Kitboklang Syiemlieh, 20 years old.
He said that many youths in the district and the state as a whole have been talking about unemployment while other foreigners have come to talk about jobs. They don't have the right to work in this state because they don't have the right to do anything.
Police were immediately informed and they went to collect the body and confirmed that it was the body of Hepsing Dhar, Dolloi Nartiang.
He said that the statement that the ethnic parties end only in Khanapara is a nonsense because if the ethnic parties win and rule in the state no one can stop it in Khanapara, its leaders will go. to Delhi to seek assistance from the central government so there is no gate to close them only at Khanapara.
He said that the Central Integrated Pest Management Centers (CIPMCs) Shillong has also conducted such programs across the state for the benefit of the farmers in the state. other.
The Chairperson of the Meghalaya Education Commission congratulated the MSOA for this preparation and suggestions for the Commission which will be reviewed and considered for approval so that the Commission can send. to the state government and to be an important milestone in the integration of sports and education in the state.
The Chief Minister of the State was the chief guest at the festival.
He said four years ago when Modi and the BJP promised to give confidence to the people but now that the five-year term is approaching, they have understood that this government cannot eradicate corruption but takes part. only but.
Political Science, NEHU), Toki Blah (Retd IAS), RS Wanniang (Joint Secretary KHADC) and DG Syiemiong (Joint Secretary KHADC).
The challenge of the nation's unity and solidarity is not only in groups or other areas but also in regional and district differences.
He also expresses hope to carry forward this achievement and continue the goal of protecting water resources and natural resources.
The Disaster Management Department of Sindh has warned that the area may experience heavy rainfall with winds of more than 100 kilometers per hour.
The GNLA has urged the Garo Students Union (GSU) not to allow the police to arrest the students. “If they just watch, where will the future of the students go?” said the statement. “If they cannot stand against what is the point of being leaders,” he said.
On this occasion, the elderly of the village who are over 60 years old were honored and also the songs were performed by famous singers such as Kyntiewlin Mawphniang, Snow White, Banker Kharkongor. and others.
“That claim that the UDP-O will emerge is not true because in the party there is a strong unity and understanding. When asked about the rumors that the UDP has no candidate in Pynursla, Allantry said the party is ready to contest against the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. state and in relation to the candidate he did not know that there is still no arrangement.
The Minister said that many of the reasons for the accidents are also because the drivers are illiterate and have just got a license and the relevant department should think carefully about this.
These graduates have completed their studies in Piano, Singing, Duita and Tonic Solfa.
She is one of the wives of the terrorist, who is one of the top leaders of ISIS. Lebanese troops have reportedly arrested one of al Bagh's wives. dadi, with her son, Arsal, shiphew days ago.
Is the file running for 20 days? “MSSASA has sent a clear statement to the MDA Government, if it does not release the salary for the next two months as promised by the Minister on the 2nd of this month. On the 25th of this month, we will convene an emergency meeting and we will take a decision to oppose the MDA Government,” said the MSSASA leader. Shillong: Ka Khasi Students' Union Delhi led by Samla Marbiang Khongwir and Dr. Diego M Thubru, President, honored Prof. Badaplin War, Lecturer, Khasi Department, NEHU at Meghalaya House, Delhi. Padma Shri award to the President of India for Khasi Linguistics, Literature, Culture & Translation.
The Addl.Deputy Commissioner, Bah Alexander Mukhim, congratulated the Jaintia Hills Development Society for taking this step to improve the income of the farmers of the area.
Young Langsning managed to score 123 runs for the loss of nine wickets in 20 overs which led to the team losing by 88 runs.
The revenue that the government should receive is completely exempt.
Speaking as the chief guest, Sangma said he was pleased to announce that the central government has allocated T.200 crore to promote tourism.
Fourthly, the villagers have lost their village and the state of Sikkim including the former Darjeeling.
The death toll has risen to six, including three in East Khasi Hills, two in East West Khasi Hills and one in South West Khasi Hills.
When the sky became dark, Panah came home.
“Mukul Sangma will not go to court.
However, the people are also involved in the election campaign.
During this celebration, the women of the village take part in various dances.
Furthermore, the KSU SWKH has decided to repair and repair these two government schools due to the damage caused by the fire which has occurred beyond the border, until the students have to wear shatri. During the rainy season, besides, these schools have a shortage of daily equipment such as benches, tables, chairs, blackboards and others.
What can be done in the future is to teach the villagers to recognize the valuable things in the forest.
Shillong, November 19 : The operation of Self Help Groups (SHGs) is one of the ways to alleviate poverty through mutual assistance among their members, said Mawkynrew MLA, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh. as a chief guest at the opening ceremony of the office of Tbeh Jingshai Village Organization (VO) II at Jongksha on 18th November,
The list of candidates was posted on social media with only a signature without the names and date of announcement of the candidates.
The court, in its hearing today, said that this is a very serious matter and wants an urgent response from the Government of India.
The incident happened at midnight, and it was alleged that the employees of the factory, had fired him without any reason. He was fired only because he had spoken to one of his fellow employees inside the factory, who came to threaten him while he was on duty. afternoon
“We don't expect the KSU to act like a group of robbers,” he said.
Shillong: “These issues will not be solved,” said the President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU), Bah Lambok Marngar. strike since 19th May 2019 at the Polo Ground.
He also became the National Executive Member of the BJP under the leadership of Amit Shah as President.
Vitamin B12 can affect the production of red blood cells which can affect the transportation of oxygen throughout the body.
Whether it is necessary to install check gates or how and who will sit on these gates and whether they will become money making centers like the police checkgates.
CR.Kharkongor, WPSI Nongstoin, took part in the investigation into the incident and said that the woman is still three months pregnant with the baby inside her womb and there are several reasons. and the money and the drinking of her with other sisters which led to the shooting by her husband.
Hundreds of parishioners of Parish Jowai took part in the procession in the presence of Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh, Bishop of Jowai.
Bansanbha Khongsdam scored the first goals in the 19th and 74th minutes, Tremiki Lamurong 2 goals in the 75th and 76th minutes. to score in the 63rd minute and 90+2 minutes.
“Do you want to auction these properties now through the government? Think carefully Bah Paul, if you are still that flesh and blood who is truly a full son of the country and the nation, think hundreds of times that you will understand to postpone the date,” said Kong Phawa.
Titos said there is no politics in working in the Council because they want to show what they can do.
“I don't know how much we (the state government) can convince the central government on this issue.
He said the party leaders will meet the senior leaders in Delhi after the election of the new office bearers which may take place later this month.
That night, after the guests had left, everyone went to bed.
“We have paid all the bills of the contractors as soon as we receive the money from UCIL,” said Bah Sumer and denied that there was any misuse of the money.
“As soon as we left, we saw that the glasses or bottles of the doors were broken and scattered on the road.
Arunachal Pradesh (men's category) and Nagaland (women's category) became the winners of the 4th round. North East Zonal Blind Football Championships.
He was awarded the Great War for Civilization and the George V Medal 1914-1
In the case of churches, the number of people allowed to enter during services shall not exceed the number of seats in the churches.
Tomorrow, Ladthadlaboh will play against Mynthong at 3.00 pm.
Nongpoh, July 01: The Assam Police Battalion of Sabuda, Ri Bhoi District, today forcibly suspended the plan of the Meghalaya government to demolish the electricity posts at Sabuda. Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Raid Nongtung Circle have sent a petition to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District to take action against the violence by the Assam police.
How do other people outside the state of Meghalaya think about the people of Meghalaya? The change of language to talk about party affairs, however, appears stupid in front of the people.
Shillong: There have been 81 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today.
At the time of writing this article, it has been learned that on the night of 2.7.23, robbers have turned into Kuki Village and beheaded a Samla Shnong. , David, who tried to protect.
The Seng Khasi Seng Raid Other voluntary organizations who love traditional music and dance have been reviving and promoting traditional music and dance across the Khasi Hills.
However, it was the only goal for Nangkiew in which Mawlai didn't allow any more goals in the rest of the game, and it was seen that the first goal was scored by a penalty kick. Fullmoon Mukhim in the 29th minute.
Several candidates have nominated themselves to contest the MP election on the UDP ticket from Shillong Seat and these include former HYC President, Bah Rorbert June Kharjahrin, while others have nominated themselves for the MP election. They include the President of the Khasi Authors Society, Dr. DRL Nonglait and former MLA of Mawlai, Bah PT Sawkmie.
The Rangbah Shnong said that this house will help the village a lot because they will be able to carry out many of the activities of the village and it is also a great honor that they have received a proper house from a small town that was not there before.
They said that the decision of the Dorbar Shnong to evict the villagers just for the sake of the church is a violation of human rights.
Lok Sabha MP from Shillong constituency and MPCC President Vincent Pala has decided to contest from the Congress in the 2024 MP elections. The Congress has won only four seats from Khasi Jaintia and one from Garo Hills.
Speaking to media in Nongpoh, Bah CB Syiem, Working President of the NPP in Ri Bhoi, said that the NPP, which is the party that looks after the welfare of the people, The NPP has appealed to the people of Ri Bhoi District to support the NPP Party, as they have supported in the MLA Election 2018, until The NPP has not yet formed a government.
In West Garo Hills, there are 79 cases, in West Jaintia Hills, there are 24 cases, including 3 Health Workers, 3 Iangkar Cluster, 2 Kpermynsnieh Cluster and 4 Ladthalaboh Cluster.
The match will be played in 35 overs.
He said that during the meeting, through a presentation by the Principal Secretary of Social Welfare, he explained how to proceed and how to resolve the issues related to the issues. In order to benefit the children of the state, the meeting decided to have a draft which will be the rules or guidelines for these two departments how to work together. to implement the MECDM, said Bah Paul.
According to the source, the Congress has not given ticket to Bah Betbok Marbaniang who has worked with the party for 25 years and this has angered the Congress workers in Mawkhar-Pynthor constituency.
Besides Julitha, Chigame took three wickets for 14 runs.
It was in 1902 that they settled in Keniong and founded Nongbaw.
They demanded that all the rules for the party leaders to conduct peace talks with the government should be removed and without these rules, the party leaders will not be able to take part in the peace talks. He said that the state government has not shown any signs that it wants the talks to continue and if it is in this form, the HNLC will not refuse. , to withdraw from the ongoing peace talks, said a statement from Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary cum Publicity Secretary, HNLC. their behavior".
HANM has requested the department to take action so that this incident will not happen again.
Behind this stone, 2734 is written and it is estimated that it was erected on the 2nd of November 1934, before the independence of India; However, it remains only the speculation and the unknown reason for the erection of this stone, which is about 2 feet high and then 2 feet high, buried in the ground.
Shillong, Lber 18: The Maitshaphrang Movement (Maitshaphrang Movement) leader Michael Syiem has demanded from time to time that the government should amend the Rules of the Marriage Act passed since Meghalaya Compulsory Registration of Marriage Act, 2012.
Employees of the PWD Department said that they could not stop the movement of trucks because they did not have power.
The NCC students of Nongstoin College were led by Sir.
According to information received, the body of this newborn child, which was suspected to have been broken by her parents, was found by the residents of Wah Umkhrah behind the river. Seng Khasi College.
However, according to the rules laid down by the MHIS for those who register with it, they have to pay only T.31 per card for up to 5 family members, in order to receive free assistance to the health facilities identified by the scheme.
He said that over time in Iran it has been witnessed that many women no longer want to wear the hijab.
It is a pleasure for the parents and families of 45 students who have completed their nursing course from 2012-2016 to receive their certificates of achievement from this institution.
We will contest the election alone,” said VPP Vice-President Dr. Kara Chen in reply to whether the party will seek support from other political parties (which have the same views) for the candidate. party in the MP elections next year.
Shillong, Nailar 14: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) has celebrated its 36th Raising Day for the first time.
shaei is your future.
Shillong, July 13: The Chief Election Commission of India, Rajiv Kumar, today said that the Election Commission of India (ECI) has developed an app to ensure transparent and fair elections. It is known as C-Vigil where citizens who have found or seen people distributing money can take pictures or ring video and send it to the Commission through this app.
However, on the 23rd, suspected heavy dewbilat particles have flowed into the river causing the death of the fish and turning the color of the river.
The union said that the staff of CHC Mairang, are very worried about the collapse of the timber factory, when HANM, visited the hospital, on 1st July
The leaders of the Sengbhalang also admitted that the land grabbing by the Naga groups has been intense since April this year and they have been entering the Daldali forest to cut down trees. area.
When asked whether the party demands that they should withdraw their support from the government, Samlin said they have to arrange within the party before reaching that limit.
To strengthen IT connectivity in the state, Sangma said the government has been in talks with telecom companies from Malaysia and Bangladesh for a submarine cable line.
Psalm 33:12.
All of these can distract you from what you can or want to do and this affects your health.
He urged the students to be prepared from now on so that when they pass they will not lose their places of study.
They also expressed their surprise that almost all the shops in Ïewduh are open, while the shops and vendors in the square along the road, including the Mawlong Market, have not been allowed to open at all.
He said that the Dorbar Shnong Tympang Iawmusiang has been able to resolve the boundary of the village with the Dorbar Shnong Mynthong and this will help the two villages to look after and control their own boundary.
Shillong: The Naga Students Union (NSUS) has accused the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof Prabha Shankar Shukla, of hiding the facts of ragging. nakedness of a Naga student, through acts of “deception and inaction".
Who will pay for my daily wages?”, said Kong Sonny.
Shillong, Nailur 7: The Congress party from Mairang constituency may collapse in the coming days, as it is understood that there is a fierce ticket race within the party.
The four-person team, accompanied by three aides, landed at Borjhar Airport this morning and went to stay at Rikynjai in Umiam, for a rest, after a long journey. It's far from California.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has found that the office of the District Rural Development Agency (DRDA) Nongstoiñ has been involved in the selection of candidates for the post of Technical Assistant (TA). shynna in the news/social media.
On this occasion, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkynrew Constituency and Minister in charge of Agriculture, Government of Meghalaya, said that there are unauthorized individuals who have collected EPIC and xerox copy passbook from Mawkynrew Constituency. The residents of Mawkynrew C&RD Block and Mawryngkneng C&RD Block have promised to provide 5,000 tyngka each to them.
At the same time, he said that the KHADC will not conduct the festival itself after facing difficulties and delays in conducting the previous two festivals and has handed over the festival. the State Government shall not.
He went to wash the muja, muphlor and tupia syaid in the well near the toilet.
The fire broke out at 9.50 pm in a restaurant on the first floor and spread to higher rooms including several clothing shops. .
Furthermore, the government has allowed these private schools to operate as they please.
It was at such a time, that there was a bright light on his head, seven times nine times, even in a very short time, and this included twice in the shyllang. your mat.
The war between Israel and Hamas has displaced many people.
The Government should repeal this Act.
“In the name of protection and preservation of identity, should we divide the state because of ethnic differences.
He said that Punjab has been a very strong sector to meet India's food needs and therefore he strongly opposes the bill of the Indian government.
There should be a proper plan on how to manage these wastes from homes, schools, colleges, offices, markets, factories and other places.
“The Government led by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has paved the way for the private sector through the reforms in the year 2020 in order to promote the participation of private groups in these activities.
He said that the Khasi living in Bangladesh include four pastors from the Presbyterian Church, three priests from the Catholic Church and two priests from the Catholic Church. Sisters of the Catholic Church serving throughout Bangladesh.
Besides the heavy tmaiñ fish, which has not been found healthy in the rivers in Ri Bhoi, other smaller fish have also been caught by several people.
“There are many holes in the middle of the road which has endangered the passengers and damaged the vehicles besides causing more and more traffic jams,” he said.
He said that there is an expectation that the people who want this new political party and hope that they will give their support especially for those constituencies, which have already confirmed the candidates, because they have the There is no change in the rule of law.
Speaking on the occasion, MLA Santa Mary Shylla urged the office bearers of the Sports Club to continue to work hard for the welfare of the community.
The city of Shillong has grown smaller while the population has increased day by day.
Manipur has also started this cultivation for almost a year now from
Similarly, the Indian Cricket Team, which came second in both parts of the tournament, will face tougher matches against the top teams in the tournament. Australia, West Indies and South Africa will qualify for the tournament.
The Deputy Commissioner also requested the public to cooperate with the district authorities, police and Rangbah Shnong by following the rules and regulations to maintain a distance of 10 meters. lines as well as avoiding crowds.
The Moolamylliang Social and Cultural Club in collaboration with the Moolamylliang Dorbar Shnong and the Deputy Commissioner's Office has organized a one day seminar on the topic “Growing Depression on the Youth” on the 20th of this month.
Israel's evacuation of 10 lakh civilians comes after it planned to send troops from the Gaza Strip to defeat the insurgents. Hamas in retaliation for the attack on Israel and killing hundreds of people last Saturday.
“I haven't met Dr. Mukul Sangma for 13 months since June 2013 when we met for RTE, I haven't spoken to him since that day until now,” said the Pastor. PBM in an interview with Rupang.
God sees these things, and waits for the time to judge the people and the countries of the world.
Fruits are a kind of healthy food for our human body because they contain many different vitamins in their kinds of fruits, there are many kinds of fruits that we know the name of and that we don't know and we call them, like the figs of the field.
He said that whether these people are true citizens of Meghalaya or not, according to his knowledge, they are not and they have just come from here.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Manjunatha C Chairman of MSPCB said that the aim of the program is to reduce the pollution especially in areas where there are many factories like Byrnihat area to get clean air. Byrnihat is one of the areas with the highest level of lyer jaboh.
However, on receiving the information, the police under the leadership of Bah Vivek Syiem SP (City) urgently convened a meeting between the two communities at Lumdiengjri PS in the presence of the District authorities. service to the Lawai, Magistrate.
Shillong: Out of the 170 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills today, 117 cases have been confirmed. , 1 case from Barapathar cluster, 3 cases from Golflink cluster, 8 cases from Jhalupara cluster, 6 cases from Keating Road cluster, 5 cases from Laban cluster, 9 cases from Mawprem cluster, 4 cases from Nongmynsong cluster, one case cases from Oakland Road cluster, 16 cases from Khyndailad cluster, 4 cases from Umlyngka cluster, 5 cases from Rilbong cluster and 2 cases from Rilbong cluster.
I don't know how others feel? I am not saying that Christians and other religions should fight against the government, because we all still use money with the image of Mahatma Gandhi.
It is not necessary for them to work hard to earn a living or to earn a living.
According to the Congress leader from Nongstoiñ, it is understood that the Congress will take advantage of this opportunity to strengthen its party as it does not understand that there will be a split within the HSPDP after the announcement of the HSPDP. name your candidate.
Nongstoiñ: The death toll from Covid-19 has risen to 61 as of the 29th of this month, the DM&HO said at a meeting of the District Level Task Force (DTA) under the leadership of Deputy Commissioner Bah T. Lyngwa IAS. how you sit; In the presence of the members of the Committee, Dr Anita, (RRT WHO), today, 29th November, 2021 at the Conference Hall DC Office, Nongstoin.
Lack of physical activity : Lack of physical activity and sedentary lifestyle can affect the body's ability to break down waste.
District Sports Officer Ma Khroobok Passah, leaders and members of WJDSA were also present. The gold medalist in the Shot Put at the State Level Inter School has taken the lead in taking the pledges of various schools.
"“On the deaths of Covid-19 patients, the Municipal staff will not be able to bury the bodies of these people and it is time to train the members of the CCMT and appoint To the youth to work as contractual bases to the youth to provide training so that they can get jobs.
Of course, if you listen to the story, it may have a different meaning or may not fit exactly with this writing of mine, but I take here exactly these words of Myrsiang and I will compare them with this quotation. There is no need for foreigners to enter our state especially in the Bri U Hynniewtrep.
The Army in the State has joined hands with the country to commemorate the soldiers who sacrificed their lives in the Kargil War which took place in 1999 from 3rd October to 26th November.
Bah Bruton, as the father of the household, when he thinks about the income and the demand, he doesn't agree.
Shillong: There are 31,614 job seekers who have registered as job seekers in the State Government.
The first wave of earthquakes began on Saturday afternoon, July 12th.
The method of setting questions in the new course of this book in the SSLC Examination of MBOSE since last year is in three ways.
We read about the Ramhahs in the days of Noah, we read about the tower of Babel and other mysteries.
He said that it is the leaders in this government who have admitted that this is the only government that has been able to do well in five years what other governments have not been able to do in 45 years ago.
The victory of the 5th Meghalaya Games is a testimony to the development of sports and physical activities which has a bright future for the state.
The Seng also congratulates all the traders who smuggle stone to Bangladesh for their cooperation with the Seng until today, said a statement from Samla Lurman B.Talang General Secretary.
The dispute between the MDCs had to be resolved by the Dy Chairman of KHADC and the explanation by Bah Titos Chyne, CEM on the issuance of Trading License to the companies that intend to implement the project.
He said the minister had said that the government would convene a meeting with the KHADC and JHADC before making a final decision.
Rs.500/- will cost you a lot and it will be a blessing,” said Bah Bok.
The United States is one country but it has four time zones, so I feel this has answered many questions,” he added.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: U Stimon Pathaw, a mother who sends her children to Govt LP School, Umsning, today issued a statement saying that she stands firm on her statement. , at the meeting, held on 22nd January 2014, at which she strongly opposed the charging of school fees.
Bah Bull used to say these words at many public meetings and those words still remain in my mind when he used to say, “Bah Bull will build the Bawri Mansion”.
Nongpoh: Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun on Tuesday laid the foundation stone for the construction of Mawrong Higher Secondary School in Mawrong. The Minister of State, said that Dasakhiatbha Lamare has done many things for the development of the villages in the Mawhati Constituency.
Kishan and Riata Challam also took three wickets.
They ordered all the pork chow.
We request the Chief Minister, Ministers, Opposition Leaders, Speakers, MLAs, CEMs and MDCs from KHADC and JHADC and all the politicians not to make politics of this but to work together with one voice and one mind.
Ud longtheng, my son Dabit Nianglang will leave home to go to school in Mawthengkut, lead him from the beginning to the end.
LR Lyngkhoi, one of the Rangbah Shnongs of Umroi, said that if the government or the district council cannot empower the Rangbah Shnongs or Syiems, the ILP will be exactly like the Supreme Court Constitution. India Arts.342-16-13-2006, which explains the marriage of Khasi girls to foreigners which has been submitted to the District Council without being implemented.
He said the BJP is fighting against the inherited parties in many states.
The Chief Minister suggested that special access should be opened to the State on the provisions of the Sixth Schedule, in which the discussions have been taken seriously with the Chief Minister.
The attempt to form a government to lead the ethnic parties without the NPP and BJP has failed after two HSPDP MLAs fled the venue to support the NPP. On 5th October, the UDP and PDF decided to join hands to support the NPP in this election after the ethnic parties faced difficulties due to the lack of MLAs. they have worked together for the past three years.
The world, means people are watching, judging us as ministers or judges, whether we are an example or not, in all things of life.
The Minister was accompanied by Nongstoiñ MLA Macmillan Byrsat, Superintendent PWD Engineer K. Mawa, Executive Engineer of PWD Building R. Sutnga and others. .
At an emergency meeting held today in the presence of MLAs, MDCs and party officials, the party decided to demand from the BJP and MDA leader, Conrad Sangma. Bah Shullai should not be punished.
Rangsan didn't believe his brother, but it was clear that Kynsai was going to study.
“We had this in mind.
Jowai, November 19: Government officials from various departments in West Jaintia Hills District today celebrated Pre Christmas with the children of the Children Homes of the West Jaintia Hills District. The Christmas celebration was organized by the Officers' Club, West Jaintia Hills in collaboration with the Ultimate Legend Bikers' Association. (TULBA), Shillong under the leadership of its President Bah Seibor Nonglait.
“Isn't he the owner of the blood or is he a foreigner?” asked Bah Vincent.
He said that every year the Seiñ Raij Jowai has to write a letter to the EE of PWD for the maintenance of the roads. The PWD department should take seriously this issue.
But many people find it really hard to wake up in the morning.
These days we see that it is true that many people look at and hold on to the mistakes or shortcomings of others and this causes many to lose the better benefits and sorrows. and despise one another.
The suspect was identified as Bah Arjun Nongshli and lives in Pahamsyiem Village, Ri Bhoi District.
“There are many other things we can do to help from the women's organization, there are many important projects in the village, so we have organized this Carnival with the aim of raising funds for those projects of ours” , said Mrs. Khongwir.
He said that in the past, the North East was famous for its lockdown, violence but now it is known only for peace, wealth and happiness. of which 39 have been opened in Meghalaya.
Speaking to reporters, Manish Chartrath said, “We will not invite anyone, the Congress party will fight to strengthen the party for the elections which are only two years away.
According to sources close to the government, after the MDA II government renewed the members of the Regional Committee on Border Dispute, it has tried to arrange that the members of the two Regional Committees on Border Dispute The committee is headed by Prestone Tynsong, Secretary to the Prime Minister as Chairman.
At the same time, food items were distributed to the patients of CHC and PHC as well as to the children of Hope Orphanage, Mawlangwir (Mawkyrwat). Hills District beat South West Khasi Hills District 3-1 in the first leg of the tournament.
Therefore, take these tips and follow them during pregnancy to ensure the health of yourself and your unborn child.
Speaking at the exhibition of medicinal plants under the National AYUSH Mission scheme at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
Peter's lifestyle and honest work set an example for other fellow workers.
“On the need for this school, Bah Metbah said that if it is necessary, I will create the necessary facilities and on this day Bah Metbah has allocated T.7 lakh for this school. .
In the past, when many foods such as vegetables and meat were sold in slamet, how clean the environment was in the morning because the leaves rot when they are cut and turn into manure.
Other speakers included Ms. R.Kharlyngdoh, Block Project Manager, MSRLS, Mawkyrwat Block. in the villages.
In addition, rural villages experience power outages that last up to 10 hours a day especially during the dry season.
“I would like to inform all the SSA teachers that if the Government does not implement their demands before the 15th of this month, on the 18th of this month we will hold an indefinite strike at the Parking Lot, which is opposite the SSA. “For three months, teachers teaching in SSA schools have not received their salaries for the months of June and October 2021,” said the MSSASA leader. -2022 and for the months of June, June and July of the Financial Year 2022-2023,”In a statement, the MSSASA leader said, “Besides the demand for the release of the salary that is still pending for five months, We also demand that the Government should increase the salaries of 12,451 thousand SSA teachers teaching in Lower Primary and Upper Primary under the Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) scheme.
This amendment will strengthen and increase the revenue of the councils in the North East, said the CM.
“I came to Mawsynram because I followed Bah HM Shangpliang because once the thyrnia led the way, the ksai followed,” she said.
The Prime Minister has confirmed that the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi will fail because of the promises it has made to the people, and the people will show the way. should appear in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
I conclude this article with a small request to the entire Ri Lum to reach an agreement and also to the relevant leaders to call the DORBAR leaders to agree.
Various Governments from single governments to coalition governments have emerged and moved like the four ages of our human life.
Proper eating and food choices :Do not eat while watching phones, TV and other viewings – these hinder the ability to understand the nature of food. part of cooking your own food in your own home.
He said that from now on, any government department inviting applications for recruitment will have to specify how many Khasi and how many Garo have been allocated for the vacancy.
After the start of the second half, Laitkor FC came back with a different style of play which impressed the spectators, after Majaw FC scored the first goal for Nongbet FC. .
They cried and died.
In the second leg, Mulait United FC beat Jalaphet Bri Sumer 2-2 in the first leg of the tournament.
The State Legislative Assembly has already passed it and we don't know where it will go, but it is understood that if the Government of India agrees, the Act will come into force soon in the State as a whole.
It is understood that the reason why these people have turned to the CEO's office, is because they can no longer tolerate the problems they have faced due to the lack of electricity in the area.
JS Khardewsaw, Speech by the Minister of Mawkrywat Village, Bah RR Lyngkhoi and also dance by the children of Jingkyrmen & Syntiewbarit Children Group, Domjyrti.
Only on the first day of the month, the new buildings that have started under the leadership of this MDA government have shown instability and corruption and working quickly only to be completed.
He praised the teachers who have worked hard to teach the children and said that as the school itself, it has worked hard to help the children from all sides not only to explain the chapters. but to assist them in any difficulties they may encounter in various subjects.
Bah Lyngdoh wants the state government to issue more licenses to other stone traders, so that they can start their own business in the coming days.
K.C Secondary School, Laitumkhrah
Shillong, Nailur 14: Muslims living in Shillong and other parts of Meghalaya will hold a march tomorrow from 2 pm from Mawbah to the IGP at the Office of the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills.
The KSU also congratulated the government for its initiative to introduce the best policy for the development of dangle education in the state.
This change is what has been achieved in the G20 too.
“These candidates include Lorshon Kharbamon, Paila Pyngrope and Nicodamus Majaw who are employees of KHADC,” said Warlarpih.
However, during the inspection of the Regional Boundary Committees, at the meeting convened by the Prime Minister, the Political Parties and even the villagers of these villages did not know. After signing the MoU or Memorandum of Understanding before the Prime Minister of India, Amit Shah, the people of the state will know which villages from Meghalaya reach Assam.
Similarly, Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar, Tejashwi Yadav, Jharkhand Chief Minister Hemant Soren, Nationalist Congress Party President Sharad Pawar, Tamil Nadu Chief Minister MK Stalin and President of India The National Conference of Farooq Abdullah took part in the swearing-in ceremony of Siddaramaiah as the Chief Minister of Karnataka on Saturday. .
They also said that if they want to rise to higher ranks, what is needed is humility, self-discipline and hard work with dignity.
On the 3rd of January, the snap will be placed at the Grotto Chapel from 12 noon to 4 pm while at 5:30 pm, there will be a Holy Mass at the Cathedral in Laitumkhrah.
The Lailad Bridge was built in 1986 and is one of the bridges to connect hundreds of villages in the Ri-Bhoi Sepngi area. They also demanded from time to time to build a new bridge as it is no longer possible for vehicles carrying more than 9 tonnes.
The meeting was conducted by Babu EE Kurbah, and a short speech was delivered by the author of this book, who hopes that this book will encourage the readers.
How to overcome: To overcome this, we must be prayerful and self-disciplined.
The Garo have lost government jobs since 1972 because they do not have enough percentage.
In West Garo Hills, there are 12 cases including 3 cases from the Armed Forces, 8 cases from high risk contacts and one case from abroad.
For those people who work in more difficult jobs such as agriculture and livestock, it is difficult to wear a mask because of death especially when a person is breathing heavily while working. you are not.
Out of the 18 medals won, 2 gold, 3 silver and 13 bronze medals were won.
He said that the department to ensure peace and order is in the hands of the state government and if there is any incident, the state government will take care of it.
These can be life-threatening if not treated properly.
Speaking on the opening day of the Legislative Assembly, Governor Satya Pal Malik said that the office of the Chief Minister, through the Chief Minister's Special Development Fund and the Chief Minister's Special Grant, , has been allocated for the covid 2021-2
The match on Saturday will be between Luti Tuber SC and Khliehïongriang at 12 noon.
Do we have the equipment to measure the temperature of the patient and can the doctors predict that the patient will be strong tomorrow if um get medicine meaning.
Voice of the People's Party (VPP) spokesperson Dr. Batskhem Myrboh on Tuesday said that the National People's Party (NPP) is in the middle of a dead end and instead of fighting against the party, they are fighting against the party. thma but with the people.
At the same time, the department will also monitor any person who carries money to buy or force voters and will also prohibit the holding of any protest program within the district. There shall be no disturbance among the people which shall disrupt the peace and order within the district.
In South West Garo Hills, Mirjumla and Jhunjuni were arrested.
“It seems that the MFA should have new office bearers after the term came to an end last year.
However, as the days go by, many of the owners of basa have handed over their basa to foreigners and because the District Council Act allows foreigners to trade if they have obtained a trading license from the District. Council, now more than 80 percent of the shops in the market are run by foreigners while the indigenous people sit in the squares and shop windows.
In the second half, Sunriser opened the scoring through J.Kharshandi in the 17th minute. Two minutes later, Sunriser through M.Byrsat scored the second goal. In the 21st minute of the second half, Seng Rangbah Mawlai FC managed to score 10 goals through Bah M.Nongrum. At the beginning of the second half, Seng Rangbah Mawlai got encouraged after Bah P.Wahlang scored the first goal for Seng Rangbah.
He said that the requirement of certificate should be extended like the requirement of Scheduled Tribe/Caste certificate in all government related matters and added that the BDOs in the Block should be allowed to register your marriage to facilitate those who register them.
This decision was taken at a meeting held by the Minister of Information and Public Relations, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh today. .
“According to his statement, the counting of votes will also be held in all 13 constituencies.
Shillong: Members of HNYF Southern Riwar Circle, Dawki under the leadership of Bah T. Lymba President and Bah L. Lamin Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) in the presence of members of Bakur Dawki Unit today visited the township. Tynshain Khonglah, who is undergoing treatment at the Civil Hospital Shillong.
The BJP has decided not to contest in Nagaland and Meghalaya to support its NDA allies. In Kohima, Nagaland, it has decided to support the NDPP candidate and in Tura-Shillong Lok Sabha seats. Therefore, the NPP has followed the decision of the BJP by deciding not to nominate a candidate to contest in Nagaland.
NEHU Shillong has beaten Phukan Memorial College, Dalu, West Garo Hills in the Inter College Football Tournament organized by NEHU Shillong. The tournament was held at the SAI Stadium at the end of NEHU, Shillong.
The fourth part of the thanksgiving ceremony is held in front of Mawshong Blei, the guardian of the surrounding areas of Lum Sohpetbeng and the Duwan Dupat. The village shall judge by the lengbah ka lengsan, to convey and listen to the story of the permission from the signs of thanksgiving from the Lum Dorbar and from the Mei Mawbuh.
Through the EPP, about 200 athletes have been able to participate in the 10-year training programme.
We can be see them assaulting priests women devotees including family of priests.
Dr. E. Kalwing, Medical Officer, Byrnihat PHC, Dr. Pritom Marak and Sister Aitis Muktieh gave speeches to the public to explain the impact of TB. This is one of the most infectious diseases and has claimed many lives and as the people we should cooperate with the government for the eradication of TB which the government of Meghalaya has taken. The Government of India has set a target of eradication by
Shillong, Naitung 8: Many of the residents of Khlieh Iewduh have complained about the poor condition of the road to Khlieh Iewduh. rural.
The B.Ed College is a blessing to Jaintia Hills as there is no such college in the District because the Integrated Course is for students who want to study BEd to get BA & BEd, BSc. & BEd or BEd BCom at the same time according to the new policy of the NEP. He also assured that the JSU together with the Union of Waheh Shnongs will continue to monitor to expedite the work through the new MDA-2 government.
“In the past, there was no understanding that the knowledge of the indigenous peoples was necessary because it was included in textbooks by the knowledge brought from the West and according to the development of the shalyntem. “Although I am not against the inclusion of Western information in the textbooks and keeping up with the times, it is necessary to collect information and put it in the textbooks. writing information about ethnic minorities in textbooks.
We must use our power of reason and accept the truth.
At the same time, she congratulated and blessed the organization to continue to serve others and the country and the nation as a whole.
But it must be in spirit and in truth.
The match was played between Lawsohtun SC and Imson SC at MFA Ground, Polo, Shillong.
Speaking to media, Ma Vincent said that as of now, the party is strong and has people in every part of the state and there are also people who are willing to contest in the elections. election in 2023.
There are several constituencies where the party has already announced its candidates, including Mawsynram for PN Syiem, Nongshken for Anthony Khongwang and Lyngkyrdem for Jansing Tynsong.
In the past, Jaintia Hills (West and East) was the most prominent in this regard compared to other districts.
When asked why they left the UDP to join the Congress, they replied that the reason was because they wanted to bring about change.
Shillong: The Chief Leader of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) in the state, Bah Charles Pyngrope, on Tuesday said that the government itself needs to set up an independent inquiry into the allegations of corruption. and coal mining in the state because it is only through the investigation that the government can clarify this allegation.
When it comes to schools and colleges in Jaintia Hills, even private schools/colleges or Mission schools/colleges are still lacking in terms of class computers, not to mention government schools and colleges.
Those present on the occasion included Additional Chief Secretary Hector Marwein, Principal Secretary MS Rao, Commissioner and Secretary Social Welfare Bah T.Dkhar, Secretary and Director Social Welfare, Secretary and Director Social Welfare Bah T.Dkhar; HM Shangpliang and the Commissioner of Persons with Disabilities, C Kharkongor.
In the past few days, this reporter, visited the Umkhrah River, where he found that there are still dozens of idols standing in different parts of the river, between the There has been a heavy rainfall in the past few days, but the water has not yet been able to cover these idols which have been left behind in the Polo area.
MEPA has also expressed its regret that the Jaintia Hills police have acted quickly to punish the perpetrators and demanded that the government of Dr. Mukul Sangma should punish the perpetrators according to the law.
However, read carefully, ask the family two or three times and justify when reading, so that they understand clearly the need to make a decision on the 27th.
Niawki Phawa scored in the 27th minute and Wanbait Suchiang in the 30th minute.
Some of the worst attacks in the Russian city in the past 25 years include the bombing of an apartment building on the morning of 13 November 1999 in the east. east of Moscow, which claimed the lives of 118 people.
In the semifinals, West Garo Hills beat South Garo Hills 25-22, 22-25,2 – 23, Set 4 : 25 -16).
He said that the march will start from Kyllonmathei, the village where these coal mining factories are located, to Shahlang market to express their strong opposition to the emergence and expansion of coal mining factories in the area. Therefore, the Seng invites the residents of Shahlang area who are against the existence of these factories to come and join hands with the Seng in this march.
On the other hand, Sangma said that the Government is working hard to introduce a policy to provide financial support to the filmmakers of the State so that they can produce their films.
It is learned that the shop belongs to a Muslim and there are many clean sleeping bags in the shop.
Shillong: The Ranikor BJP Mandal, held at Nongjri, South West Khasi Hills District today decided not to nominate any candidate for the mid-term MLA elections in Ranikor.
Paris Saint-Germain drew 1-1 with Cristiano Ronaldo's Al Nassr in Japan on Tuesday in Osaka.
More than 220 runners including children, youth men and women as well as elderly people from all over the villages of South West Khasi Hills District took part in the event. .
When the people demanded, these village leaders did not convene the Dorbar and so they wrote to the Dolloi and the Dolloi of Jowai Elaka also wrote to the Rangbah Shnong to order the Rangbah Shnong to collect the funds. the Dorbar on the 28th.
The judgment was long, but the crowd was angry.
To achieve this goal, Natural Resource Management Committees (NRMCs) have been established in the villages to develop environmental conservation programmes.
It will be difficult for the Garo people to affect the 40% share which they have enjoyed.
“I'm going to go quickly...” Lano said, “Dih seh dih, I'm going to go.
There are about 12 lakh students from across the country who have sat for the JEE Main examination in June, but out of these 12 lakh students, only 2 lakh have been selected to take the JEE Main examination. The JEE Advance and out of these 2 lakh candidates, Toshan is one of the students of the country who has been able to compete for 10,000 seats in IIT. Nongpoh, July 12: Is it the Meghalaya government's negligence that has caused Assam to cross the border with the passing of the days especially in the border areas? The villagers and residents of Madan Umwang, Block II, Ri Bhoi District, have to spend their own money on the construction of the school and pay the salaries of the teachers, just because there is not a single recognized school. by the government for about 30 years.
Rgh Paia B Synrem said that the party is happy to have received a 6 acre plot of land in New Shillong donated by Bah Philip Gene Khongsngi who lives in Wahingdoh. to the party to spread the message in relation to the struggle to protect and preserve the identity of the Khasi people.
The death toll has risen to 80 and is expected to rise to 100, according to recent reports.
“The complaint of the MLA is not against the robbery but against the Dy.SP,” said Saleng.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 01: The death of Walinda Binong at Mody University in Rajasthan has been a shock to parents to send their children abroad to study. the young woman keeps the family and the whole area in darkness.
This maintenance should continue immediately as most of the roads are in poor condition due to the heavy rainfall season and thus the roads are easily damaged”.
HUCC, which won the toss and elected to bat first, scored 211 runs in 20 overs for the loss of eight wickets.
Pynishai Lathong scored a hat-trick to beat Nangbah Mulang 4-0 against Khimusniang in the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
He said that according to the rules, 108 vehicles should serve 24 hours, but about 7 vehicles serve only 12 hours.
It is understood that the Rangbah Shnong's meeting with the MDC is to implement the T.10 lakh donation from the KHADC, which has been given to all the MDCs, for the purpose of helping the poor. and also to prevent the spread of COVID-1
No one was injured in the incident and it is believed that these vehicles were parked all night on the side of the road and were residents of the same village.
It should not be explained only outside the Legislative Assembly, but should be spoken directly inside the Dorbar of MLAs so that the speech will be firm and well-founded.
In another development, 20 employees of the Uttar Pradesh Assembly have tested positive for the corona virus before the start of the Assembly.
John F Kharshiing, Chairman of the Dorbar of Chiefs of Khasi Hills, Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States, on behalf of the Chiefs of Khasi States, congratulated all the 58 MDCs of KHADC ( 29) and JHADC(29).
At the same time, the Rangbah Shnong of Maitdein Village has thanked the Police Chief, DC and Magistrate for taking care of this incident. injuries among the residents even if there is damage to property especially crops.
Before we blame the youth who are addicted to drugs, we must turn to the government and how we have been violated of all our rights.
The VC said that so far, the University has not received any letter from the Principals of the affiliated colleges, expressing the problems in the implementation of the NEP 2020 regarding the Four Year Undergraduate. program (FYUP).
Those who violate will be punished according to the rules and regulations of the Excise.
The Khasi women have been revealed to be the ones who provide shelter to foreigners. Before the KHADC police arrived, they were the ones who came forward to change their accommodation. They didn't claim that it was their shop, but only after the police left, the same foreigner who used to sit every day came to sell in these shops which were not owned by the Khasi women.
Therefore, all the children decided to leave the school if the teacher does not expel the child, because the child steals immediately and when they complain to the teacher, he just smiles without sympathy. and he did not go to school.
Before becoming an MLA, Bah Sanbor said that before becoming an MLA, he was the KSU leader of Raid Laban and then the founder of FKJGP Laban.
It is worth mentioning that some districts have closed their schools today.
The extension of the GHADC is only a ploy by Mukul Sangma for his own political gain, James said.
They scored 109 runs before being bowled out by Gabriel Thabah for 2/4
Featured Image by Kai from Pixabay.
Jesus said unto him, Thou fool, this night thy soul shall be required of thee: then whose shall those things be, which thou hast provided? Luke 12:19-20.
It may be that the meaning of this "Citizens' Conclave" is more difficult to translate into the Khasi language.
Senior Medical and Health Officer, Mawkyrwat CHC Dr. Archeloster Lyngdoh spoke on HIV/AIDS and how to prevent, test and treat people infected with HIV/AIDS. .
Tayam took wickets for Dippu Ch Sangma (1/17) and Tana for 3/29.
The opening ceremony was inaugurated by the Waheh Shnong of Moolang, Bah Kwen Shylla in the presence of BDO Tammiyaki Shylla, G Pdang Gram Sevak and others.
For this reason, if you read this OM and if you implement the Reservation according to this OM, we will no longer be able to understand para 3 of the Reservation Policy.
However, the work has not been completed yet,” said Dr Mukul.
The Tribunal also directed the mining officers and police officers to take action against the order issued by the National Green Tribunal Bar Association.
The Government has also selected the villages to become tourist attractions including Kongthong, Mawlyngngot, Umkrem, Nongjrong, Mawlam, Umden, Wodengrim, Darang Mawra, Dangsamgre, Kemragre and Siju. construction worth T.5-6 crore and also the improvement of roads.
The 45 days are the preparation for the 1000 years of Jesus Christ's reign here on earth, but the world is the New Coming World.
Aadhaar makers arranged by the Deputy Commissioner's office will come to their villages according to specially designed programs and Aadhaar cards will be issued for them and their children.
DRI Shillong personnel seized the vehicle while it was passing from Mawryngkneng early Friday morning.
In a video, shared on various social media platforms, the Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs and Heavy Industries, praised the food, known as 'Bhabhi ji papad' This food is the one that can kill the coronavirus.
I don't want to promise during the elections but I don't want to do it.
The Bangla money and the women have been handed over to the police station in Dangar, East Khasi Hills for further investigation and taking necessary action.
“If the fare of daju increases, we have to increase the price of goods, if the fare of vehicles increases, we have to increase the price of food items and this will affect the people,” said the traders.
The closing date for submission of nominations is on 4th July 2022 by 7 PM. Players are requested to follow the rules and report immediately before the start of the game, at 6 PM and those who violate the rules , the synjuk has been able to expel them from the tournament, so to ensure the smooth running of the tournament, they have been invited to give their cooperation to win the tournament.
The burial of the man was after he was picking up the tin jot from the garbage dump when it suddenly collapsed and he was buried alive.
Furthermore, it was learned that the National People's Party (NPP) has not yet sent the expenses to the Election Commission.
In many cases you have seen that the government has done this. If you say that the ILP has been brought by a resolution in the House, the border demarcation or so on, the government has listened to the voice of the people. The people don't agree with the government and the government is looking into whether it is doing what the people want,” said the Minister.
The incident occurred after the petrol pump was decorated for Christmas.
Speaking on the Pranban to transform India into a developed country by 2047, Minister Duh said that economic development does not mean the number of developed cities and villages. still behind.
It may be recalled that the Navy received the first body on 26th July 2019 and after that, they have not recovered any other bodies. There is another body, which is 280 feet below the surface.
And the multitude needed the light.
The land owners have lodged a complaint with the village against the demand for money by the LHC. The poor people will find it very difficult to pay the price set by these JHADC employees. you're against it.
On the other hand, MEPA has appealed to the Supreme Court to quash the order.
He said that the Sohra area can have enough water during the rainy season but during the rainy season it lacks water.
If you use common sense.
“I don’t know what this is anymore.
Although it is unclear how long the conflict will last, Ukraine will fight in many ways.
In the first century, the mixture of politics, religion, and power was a terrible poison, and Jesus was the source of this poison.
According to district police sources, the abducted teacher was identified as Sengaram Marak from Dobakdrop village.
This training model will be powered by technology through the iECHO platform to help train skills in a cost-effective manner.
The Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang has informed the public that two employees of the PHC, Nongthliew have tested positive for COVID-1 on January 10, 2021 to quarantine themselves for 10 days.
Rohit Shah scored 72 runs from 93 balls and added 34 runs from 38 balls through Yogesh Tiwari.
The NPP leader said that this is the first time that he has visited Bah Ardent's constituency for the election campaign, but Bah Ardent has visited Pynursla for more than 50 years. sien times.
“Meghalaya will be a place to capture the talents of the youth to train gurus in the field of music,” he said.
This decision was taken today at a meeting between Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma and his delegation and Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma and his delegation held at Assam State Guest. House, Coindhara, Khanapara.
Nidawan Lyngdoh, U18 Event- 400M.Bettingstar N Sangma, U16 Event- Long Jump.
After the meeting with the Post Office Officer in Shillong, the union has made it clear that it will stand on the ground that it will not allow them to come to work and the officer has promised to send this demand. you are not in the power of the highest.
The Namchi Municipal Council has also conducted a cleanliness program in the surrounding areas of Namchi Bazar.
Michael Caine has decided to retire from filmmaking after the release of The Great Escaper. to act and to think about taking care of yourself.
“In addition, we request you to ensure the timely and accurate payment of salaries to teachers in Government schools and those supported by the Government.
His lawyer also insisted that the child committed the crime because of the effects of his mental illness.
In an interview with Rupang, the leaders of the Students Union in Shillong, said that the ILP is necessary to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners and also to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners. foreigners in the field of trade and especially to protect the identity of the nation.
“School children also have to wear pum and handkerchiefs and when they play, their clothes, patlun and juti are covered with handkerchiefs,” said Niawki.
The company was established in 2011 and produces about 1.2 lakh tonnes of dewbsilat per annum.
Pangniang said the 40 percent allocation for Khasi and 40 percent for Garo does not match the number of residents.
But after a while, they appeared like tits in the forest until it was dark to see.
The citizens need to pay only T.30 tyngka as registration fee and after that they will get a Smart Card (MHIS) and from this card they will benefit 5 people per month.
“In order for the construction of the Umroi Airport to be completed quickly and efficiently, the government has also taken steps to resolve the issues that have arisen during the construction of the Umroi Airport, especially with those who The land owners who have not yet received the payment from the government, as compensation after they have lost their land,” said Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
Who says So? Politics is not like that.
Such words are as follows: Thakur-barabor is known to be a Sanskrit and Hindi word which refers to the highest classes of society, but in fact it has been found to be a lower caste. from the word 'Thawkur' which means a kind of godly parents who are related to the Meihukum for the heavenly realm of salonsar creatures, and this word comes from the Khasi words 'thaw' and 'kur' which is as strong as that which is called thawlang, which is strong and strong.
These Mawtheng and Mawthung have differences from each other but the ideas refer to the same name and religion of the Lyngdoh Nonglyngkien clan.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, SMEA Secretary S Pyngrope said that they are in talks with a lawyer to prepare to go to court to demand their right to remove the Arrear which has been pending for nine years now.
After that, she continued and rose steadily in her work.
Revelation 7:1-8
People have been evacuated from Gajapati, Ganjam, Khurda, Puri, Naygarh, Cuttack, Bhadrak, Balasore, Mayurbhanj, Dhenkanal and Keonjhar, which are expected to be hit hard by the cyclone. lap floor.
The MPDF's appearance could put pressure on the UDP especially on the MLA/MDC Bah Embhalang Syiemlieh.
What they promised they could not fulfill.
The Government of India will not make a mistake if it cancels all the railway projects allocated for Meghalaya and transfers them elsewhere.
Tuliram Ronghang, Chief Executive Member of the Karbi-Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) and his followers on their visit to Mukroh, came on horseback in Khla and to intimidate the Khasi-Pnars and the residents. The villagers of Mukroh said how brave they are and to intimidate the villagers of Mukroh to fall in front of them, but they think that this Khla they live in cannot catch and turn him away from them. women.
Bah Kynpham was shot dead by robbers on Tuesday night in Dangar.
The US authorities are expecting to be able to relax the requirement for the COVID-19 vaccine to enter the country this month. May.
With the participation of the Governor of Meghalaya, it will also be a memorable day for all those who will take part in the event.
According to the government press release, they will start drafting the charges against Bah Rodborne once the investigation of the department is completed.
He said the HYC supports the demarcation but is against the sale and allocation of demarcation to Assam.
Jason Sawkmie Mawlong MLA Umsning was also present as the chief guest, Mayral Born Syiem MLA, Macdalyne Mawlong MDC Umsning, AMKA leaders including Bah AMKA President David Timung Senior Advisor, Proning Kro Vice President, KSAM President Samla Jewel Bey, MKWSW&CA President Peldit Teron and Karbi residents from Karbi Anglong and other places.
The source said that the man had gone to the river to bathe and bathe with his relatives.
After the protest, the DC of East Jaintia Hills District immediately announced that the Public Hearing scheduled to be held has been cancelled. This celebration of the Sengbhalang has angered the supporters of Star Cement until some Longkmie from Brishyrnot village who They tried to create trouble and riots among the Sengbhalang members, but were able to stop them by the police and Sengbhalang leaders.
When that is done they will appoint a single religious ruler who will become the second beast.
He said that the government should turn its attention to the farmers and recognize these crops which are mostly produced in the war zone, so that the farmers will not be affected when they farm from the drought. thank the merchants and others for their problems.
He said that up to Rs 500 crore has been spent since 2018 on the improvement and upgrading of schools across the state. training and children's hostels.
The primary objective of Live Wire is to bring peace and stability in the country through this dance competition and to raise funds for the needs of Saint Paul Marbisu School. To attract talented people from all over the country not only from Meghalaya but also from abroad can take part in this competition.
This is the second time in three months that the injection schedule has been changed.
Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District Sibhi Chakravarthy Sadhu was the chief guest in the presence of Dr. HC Lyndem, Director of Health Services (MI). At the same time, the Incharge Director of Ayush who was the chief guest distributed the registration certificates of the Board of Homeopathy to 54 doctors who have completed their degree in Homeopathy. Dr. Bisolin Dhar, who has completed his training in Homeopathy.
The Division Bench of the Meghalaya High Court has sought reply from the accused within three months and the hearing will be held within four months.
Dr Blah War said that till the 12th of this month, about 45 cows have died, most of which have died in West Jaintia Hills.
In another report, a youth from Arunachal Pradesh, who returned from Delhi on 18th June, has tested positive for COVID-1
He said that in Meghalaya people talk about unemployment and it was explained that this way of thinking is a way of thinking.
A night super bus (As 10 C 4187) overturned at Umlidoh on Tuesday morning at 3:00 pm after it had to avoid a truck driving improperly. .
Before raising the flag, the Chief Guest expressed his blessings and congratulations to all the participants, who took part in these three days.
“If we really follow that roster system, it will be a roster system that no one can change of their own free will or recruit anyone according to their own free will.
“The investigation revealed that Pakistani terrorist groups have used drones to deliver weapons, bombs, drugs and others to members of terrorist groups and people. that they have been working together in Kashmir," said a statement from the investigation team.
JACATAM will hold a meeting in Shillong tomorrow to take further protest measures as the government has not believed anything till date.
He said that his resignation from the political arena was for personal reasons.
Shillong, Nailur 15: The KHNAM State Youth Wing (KHNAM) has visited Shillong to check whether foreign drivers have Labor License.
The arrest of these youths was made after they expressed their strong desire to live a new life and leave behind their bad habits especially drugs which has destroyed their lives. yours.
Regarding the working hours, he said, “They should be sent to work five hours a day so that they can get a salary of T.7500 per month, not just two or three hours. and will be paid only T.2500 per month.
It was witnessed that on the second day, Iawmusiang was covered with snow after the trees were cut down.
Shillong: Supreme Court Advocate Peter A Dohkrut has admitted that Congress MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh's speech on the PIL against the CAA 2019 has discouraged many people. She said the Supreme Court should not hear PILs against the CAA in the Supreme Court.
A total of 352 participants took part in the photography competition.
In his speech, the Pa'iem urged the people of Raid Domria to hold fast to their deity and to strengthen it. the oldest, we are one and that, we can prove according to scientific knowledge".
This program will empower the youth to work in factories and others, as well as to learn how to start their own businesses.
Meghalaya now has four points after beating Rajasthan on Tuesday and will face West Bengal on Tuesday at 4 pm.
She also congratulated and thanked the Prime Minister Narendra Modi for attending the inauguration of the Cabinet under the leadership of Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma.
Dr. Mitra wrote in 1928 that the time had come in Khasi-Jaintia to hold such a meeting.
At the same time, speeches were delivered by the leaders of the Sengbhalang, Longkmie and Samla, who urged the people in the area, to take part in the injection campaign, because as it is now This area is one of the areas with the lowest participation in the Covid-19 vaccination campaign.
This is the highest death toll in the country since the beginning of the corona virus.
Just a few months ago we elected those legislators whom we mistakenly call “leaders.
Joannes recalled that a complaint had been lodged earlier on March 16, 2020 at Sardar Police Station against this person, but the progress of the complaint is unknown.
The youth officer accused the VPP of misusing the Reservation Policy just to make the youth unemployed.
This came after Prestone convened a meeting with government officials from the four departments, Planning, Finance and PWD on Tuesday.
U Ma Lasky Rymbai.
Hearing the PIL filed by Flemming B Marak on the power outage, the bench of two judges, Chief Justice HC Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice W Diengdoh, said: The state government should ensure that hospitals will not be affected and if there is a power outage, the state government should ensure that there are measures to avoid being affected. the diesel generator.
Then all those who come to mourn for you will get sick and die.
“Whether it is the heads of companies, the heads of government or the junior government officials, we are being harassed from side to side,” he said.
The MLA said that the contractor has been given 30 months to complete the 10 bedded hospital so that it will be a blessing to the people living in the area. constituency as a whole.
“Last year we requested your office to exempt Meghalaya from the CUET through a letter DO.CM/PER-UM/2022/4 dated 25th April 2022, which you have approved through your letter dated 11th May
On Sunday, the NIA conducted raids at five places, two in Patna and one each in Darbhanga (Bihar), Surat (Gujarat) and Bareilly (Uttar Pradesh) in connection with their involvement with the Ghazwa-e-Hind group, a group run by the group's militants in Pakistan.
You cannot prohibit foreigners from opening shops without a trading licence.
On the other hand, the AGP believes that the bill is in violation of the Government of India's government, which has passed it.
On 25th July 2021, the Union Home Minister of India, Amit Shah, during his visit to Sohra, said that the Assam Rifles will be handed over to rebuild Sohra.
Such children cannot be destroyed by foreign powers because these children have their own limits.
“We leaders lose sleep thinking about the problems of the people especially in the field of health.
However, he said that some farmers in some parts of the state have continued to use fertilizers to plant soybeans, cucumbers, rice, and cucumbers.
These areas border Assam and Arunachal Pradesh and cover an area of ​​792 kilometers.
Shillong, Naiwieng 3: On the day when the candidates of various political parties went to register their names as candidates for the mid-term elections from Nongstoiñ Constituency, it was seen that they were accompanied by Diosstar Jyndiang was accompanied by senior leaders of the HSPDP including the General Secretary of the Central Body, Witting Mawsor, President of the HSPDP. KP Pangniang of West Khasi Hills and LG Nongsiej MDC of West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, July 23: Police in West Garo Hills this morning arrested a GNLA employee identified as Rettilish R Marak. The area of ​​Teteng Aja is located in Tura.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: “I am ready to sit down and allow the President of the HSPDP to work hard to win in 2018,” said HS Shylla MDC Nongkrem, UDP. Shylla counted the votes of the two parties in the last MDC election, where the UDP received 6097 votes while the HSPDP received “For the sake of the country and the nation, I am ready to sit down,” said Bah Shylla.
Just as vegetables build the body, reading a variety of books builds the brain.
On the other hand, the Minister also expressed his gratitude to the people of Sikkim who have taken part in working for the welfare and income of Sikkim.
However, even though the planting season has been slightly late, it has not affected the growth of the plant.
When inquired from the Rangbah Shnong of Sohmynting, Dapoi Pyrtuh, he expressed his surprise to learn of the complaint.
Through this programme, the Party wants to work with the approval of the people.
She also held prayers for those who lost their lives and those who had to flee their homes.
Earlier, the Special Judge (NDPS) BGiri, Shillong had sentenced KB Thapa to 10 years imprisonment and if he does not pay the fine, he will be imprisoned for another 10 years. Khiangte was charged under Section 27 of the NDPS Act but was released after being detained for two years while LalboroleVarte was released.
The High Court said that although the Act will apply outside the Municipal areas, in relation to the construction of houses, but, at the same time, it wants to have a review of the The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has passed this Act through the rules and regulations that have been under the jurisdiction of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
She urged the ASHAs to refrain from taking to the streets as their demands cannot be met on the streets.
However, the Lamphang of KHADC said that the rule of KHADC does not refer to the people's leaders but to the government employees.
According to police, Momin was involved in a group that ran the business of issuing forged documents for various vehicles, which could not be registered, and by registering them in Meghalaya. by changing the chassis number and other important factors.
The drama of recruitment of candidates for the MLA elections in 2023 has started to intensify especially with the efforts of the major parties to recruit MLAs and MDCs from other parties especially those candidates who have hope. to win.
According to the report of the Deputy Commissioner, there was an attempt to smuggle coal using explosives which threatened the Liatprah Crematorium at Shnongrim, East Jaintia Hills District. The Deputy Commissioner has directed the Magistrates to conduct more frequent inspections and has also enforced the provisions of the CrPC Criminal Procedure Code 1973 in the area.
It is reported that many nursing homes in England have increased the number of patients with chronic respiratory diseases by five percent in recent days and then increased by five percent in schools, since they began to reopen in the country.
Besides this, there are many other things that the company has done until it has prompted the Chairman of Umlaper Village, the residents and the leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council East Jaintia Hills District to They are angry, because the behavior of the officials and employees of Amrit Cement shows that they have not respected the residents.
“After visiting this place, we found it to be very suitable, because it is big and it is also closer to Shillong and this will make it very convenient for the people,” said Conrad. .
Dr. Ampareen said that the Tura Medical College is progressing well and she will visit the college to visit the college and the department will fight. to complete the construction as soon as possible so that it can be operational.
Earlier, Jean Mary Lyngdoh, Center Manager (Focus) gave the welcome speech while Bansuk Syiem, Block Program Manager, EFC, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block gave the welcome speech.
The government should set rules on these.
“Many of the residents on the border do not go to register their land with the DC Office Ri Bhoi because of the high registration fee and many people have gone to register their land in Assam because They don't have to pay any land registration fee,” he said.
The residents are now in fear and the Rangbah Shnong who helped implement the scheme of the Meghalaya government has turned into a sohpdung.
This disease is caused by small plants that cannot be seen with the naked eye but only through a microscope.
“He said that the Association will hold a meeting to discuss the issue of the Deputy Commissioner and take a decision before the order issued by the Deputy Commissioner will come into force from the 5th of this month. moon.
Of these, 890 cases are from East Khasi Hills including 268 Armed Forces and 622 civilians, 44 cases from West Khasi Hills, 52 cases from Ri Bhoi including 5 cases from Armed Forces and 47 cases from West Khasi Hills. cases in Jaintia Hills, 15 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 136 cases in West Garo Hills including 78 cases from Armed Forces and 58 cases from civilians; armed forces and 2 civilians.
The bill for those who have not yet experienced the job according to the implementation from that day is T.160 tyngka+24 tyngka is T.184, those who are experienced is T.170 tyngka+26 tyngka is T.196 tyngka. , while for those who are skilled it is T.207 tyngka and for those who are overskilled it is T.299 tyngka.
He said that the presence of entry points will help the government to get information on how many days foreigners come for what purpose and where they stay. .
The President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Jaintia Hills, Armyius Lypon, said that as the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Jaintia Hills, we don't want to see any difference because those villages which have opposed the dumping of garbage have their own. The people of Jowai have the right to oppose, but it is the duty of the government and the district authorities to resolve these issues by finding a suitable location rather than Mynkjai.
There will also be a special commemoration of the two great Popes - Pope John Paul II and Pope John XXIII in Rome. Wide screen.
The meeting between the MCTA and the VC of NEHU will be held tomorrow.
The main task of MLAs is to pass laws.
The CSU in collaboration with the Khliehriat Police Station has conducted an investigation into the forest where the 17-year-old girl was suspected to have been killed.
Genesis 19; 15–23.
The Sohkha Mission has donated this amount as part of its collaboration with the government in the fight against COVID-1
The value of the seized Phensedyl is estimated at Rs 6 lakh.
Shillong: The East Jaintia National Council (EJNC) will mark the 156th death anniversary of U Woh Kiang Nangbah on the 29th of this month.
The holders of the Tynrai religion are truly the longtrai-nongri, the caretakers and protectors of the Khasi religion, that is, the religion of Tip Briew Tip Blei, the religion of knowing right and wrong, the religion that teaches to love oneself and respect others. .
However, in the middle of the road, they learned that all three of them had surrendered at Kherapara Police Station.
The team should have scored three goals, but they only got one," Diniz told the media.
Shillong, November 12: The Organizing Committee of the KSU Mawlai Circle on Tuesday raided the mynder working in various villages in the district.
Shullet said that if the authorities do not release their salaries on time, the workers will not hesitate to hold a strike on working days at their offices.
Regarding the policy, the government will look into it. Regarding the salary, it depends on the arrangement of the company that runs it and also regarding the salary increase of 30% per annum. this also falls under the purview of the company which the government will not be able to interfere with.
The tournament was organized by the RBYF Umsning Circle, with the aim of commemorating the day when Ri Bhoi got its own district. The time is also part of the development of the talents of the youth in football.
In these days I have seen through various media that the young men of Hynniewtrep who are in various political parties, which we call ieid ki seng bhalang (there are also those who call them ieid ki seng bha- They are ready to demand from the Meghalaya Government to implement the ILP (Inner Line Permit) in order to protect the land of Hynniewtrep from the secretly enter uta mynder.
For many Christmas is a time of hope and celebration in homes, churches and communities as well.
That’s human nature.
The cause of the accident was that the vehicle had made a mistake, because when it reached the scene, it was driving on the wrong side and went straight forward. of this truck.
About 60 teams from all over the state will take part in the Sunfeast Cup
B Ranee ADC Ri-Bhoi was the chief guest in the presence of Assistant Commissioner in charge of Election Department, Bah Tiewla AERO and other officers.
They say that many of the desert countries of the world did not come about by chance.
After the meeting in front of the JHADC gate, the JSM leaders and residents of Khanduli went to the DC's office with a slogan.
I AM a Christian and respect all religions.
They also said that if the state government through the education department allows to teach books in schools or colleges through this book, the Seng Khasi demands to include the book, 'Ka Risaw Ka Khasi Religion' and 'The Theology of Khasi Religion' written by Bah H Onderson Mawrie, in the MBoSE syllabus and also other religious books like the Veda, the Hindu Ramayana.
The owner of the vehicle pays a lower tax and if you refuse to enter these places it shows that you treat us as slaves,” said Bah Wandonbok.
That five lakh rupees you give to your relatives is worthless when precious souls die.
After finding out the impact of these meats on the health of the people, Ms Mukhim said that the department has sent a report to the Veterinary Department to The Food Safety Department has no authority to ban or take any other measures against the use of this type of drug in pigs or cattle.
The union urges the PWD department to look into this issue and at the same time the union urges those contractors to take action to clean up this road even after the completion of the road. KJP Youth Synod Eastern Synod also for the benefit of all of us.
He said that as a leader he will continue to work with the college and urged the college authorities to prepare a special project for the department and send it to him as the CEM of KHADC to use a special portion.
Bapynkmenlang Kharsati scored three goals (1, 10, 18, 43 & 60 minutes).
About 40 youths, women and men from all over the Ri-Bhoi District have also attended the exhibition.
“We have suffered but we cannot suffer for long.
In an interview with ADC Smt.
If he fails to pay the fine, he will have to continue in prison for another six months.
This is an example for other students, both male and female, to strive in their studies to reach the goal of passing examinations like MCS, IAS, IPS and others,” said Brightstar.
Therefore, we know that the increase in the price of LPG is due to these elections which have tied the door of the BJP. We remember that a few years ago, Modi urged the citizens to They are more likely to reject the subsidy they receive on LPG so that the money can be used to provide LPG to poor households.
“The issues I have set for the development of this area have been fulfilled when 75% of the people have come to demand money from me,” he added.
However, until I receive a letter from the government, I will not stop, I will not go home,” said Ardent.
“The CID may summon the junior employees of the university in the state,” the newspaper said.
Shashi Tharoor is a former Union Minister and MP from Kerala.
Speaking to media, Hek said the government now has more than 100,000 vaccines, but the state will still need more than 5 lakh vaccines to provide to all the residents.
The power outage in War has started from Laitlyngkot, Lyngkyrdem and continues to the areas below Pynursla.
“The way is open to unite, you must not lose hope.
The city police on Tuesday were able to investigate the kidnapping incident in just two hours as they managed to rescue an engineer who was kidnapped by three men. could not be identified from an island.
On the resignation of Bah Shullai from the post of Symbud Lamphang, even NCP MLA Marthon Sangma did not say exactly why.
Therefore, it is time for us as the Hynniewtrep people to ask together, to discuss, to ask, which part of our culture should still be preserved and which part should be reshaped so that it can bring about a better future. A strong culture and to build up our Hynniewtrep people to fight against many foreign aggressive cultures and fundamentalist teachings that are trying to attack our people today.
The Seng Khasi Mawlieh 12 Blang Langkyrdem has started its journey for 25 years of service for the development of this Seng in this village and the area as a whole.
Thubru Really.
There were 4,077 deaths.
Kolkata: Mamata Banerjee today urged the Indian government not to overthrow her government in West Bengal, but she has not sworn to fight against the National Registration Certificate (NRC) Act. this is the State.
Speaking as the special guest, Sanmiet said that drugs are the most opposed drugs in the world and our dear youth are the future of the country and the nation. they should never fall victim to this terrible disease that has killed millions of young men and women.
In a survey conducted by Mawphor, it was found that more than half of the villages in the district are still struggling to maintain the livestock farming such as cows, goats and cattle. and pigs to support their households and improve their income.
In 2005-06, due to the boycott of the elections, the Chief Minister, Bah DD Lapang, had allocated Rs 10 crore for the cleaning of 10 km of Nongstoin-Maweit road, but nothing has been done. Contractor Nongstoiñ.
Other sources said that there are now Iraqi pilots who have joined ISIS fighters in Syria, who have been trained to fly fighter jets. This is the first time that the terrorists have been able to operate aircraft.
The Regional Committee of Ribhoi District today completed the report of 9 villages on the border including Hawla, Bakhlapara, Jimbrigoen, Laughing, Payton, Khanapara and Maikhuli. , Pilangata, and Barapathar for the purpose of taking forward the talks to resolve the border between Assam and Meghalaya.
“She has helped me to preach in all the places in Khasi-Jaintia, and she has called me a lot in these past elections.
The BCCI National Cricket Academy (NCA) and the BCCI National Junior Selection Committee have selected one of the players of the Meghalaya Cricket Association to participate in the U-19 tournament. Boys' Camp will be held in Dehradun next month.
Look, Halbert was able to stand on his feet.
Because the preachers in the church dare not speak of this.
The five teams that have qualified for the final round will play in a single leg format where each team will play two home and two away matches against two teams. The top two players will be eligible to play in the I-League for next season.
Their children have to drop out of school and college because their parents don't have the money to pay their school fees and some have to work hours to provide for all their needs,” said Bernard.
However, on the 23rd July at 9 pm, the hospital authorities announced that the patient had passed away.
These people were provided with utensils including khiew, plates, siang, and kombor.
It is expected that the study will address the shortage of staff involved in monitoring and promote the Skill India initiative of the Government of India.
“We will move forward for the establishment of the Law Adong and we cannot cancel the signature or approval between the Hima and the Council,” she said. .
It is located in the districts of Khasi-Jaintia and Ri-Bhoi Hills and Meghalaya.
However, the question arises, is it still possible to make the Khasi Jaidbynriew a nation that knows man and knows God and what are the ways and means to protect the Jaidbynriew to know the rights and status of human beings? man.
“All four of them have Aadhaar Cards but no other documents to identify them.
We have expressed our desire to hold the Durand Cup in the North East and we are pleased that this year we will hold this tournament in Shillong which is the beautiful capital of Meghalaya. .
Speaking to u SP News Agency , EAC SWKH , Bah Raja Brahma , MCS said that the report of the inspection will be submitted to the DC for consideration. has been severely affected by this bus ban.
This is a statement to defame India.
This law will come into force on the 27th of this month.
“When the words Khasi and Garo have been included in the Meghalaya State Anthem, we want the government to include the word Jaintia so that the nation can survive,” said Bah Army Lipon. the Anthem of the State.
The Pukni who came to Lad Demthring, which is located on the Dawki-Amlarem road in Jowai, started robbing the shops on the road on Tuesday.
“Government employees in India are only one in 164 while in Meghalaya they are one in 40 citizens.
People talk to women, when someone asks about the youth, they ask whether they work in cement or not.
“If an MLA is elected as an MDC, there will be a delay because he will have to consider both,” said Bah Rani. good.
The center was established in 2002 with the decision of the All Sohkha Development Committee to demand the establishment of the center at Sohkha Mission.
Therefore, he needs to support and strengthen the state party especially the VPP which always takes the issues of the people.
Other sources said that after the MP elections in Lum Garo, the government will try to distribute the T.133 crore to the Council itself. The money will be given only to those MDCs who can provide an estimate of how they will spend the money according to the rules of the schemes or guidelines.
Shillong: U Rawon of Shnongpdeng village, Bah Lambok Syngkrem, has seized more than 50 kilos of fish from the river near the village.
“Scientists say that this wind covers the ground about 50 miles high.
Nongpoh, March 31 : The Principal of Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya, Niangbari, Ri Bhoi District, today announced that there will be a meeting with the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi with the students, teachers and parents. worldwide, in one of the programs “Pariksha Pe Charcha” on 1st June 2022, at 11:00 pm.
At the same time, the party would like to ask, "Why does Bah PN Syiem criticize only the HSPDP, UDP and Congress? Why doesn't he criticize other parties? Will the PDF cooperate with the NPP & BJP after the election?" ", he said.
Sources said Shah told the meeting that the situation in Manipur has started to improve and no one has died since July 13 in the state.
Besides, the death of the mind—we don't know whom to support and where to stand for happiness, freedom and justice.
On this occasion, the BJYM held a meeting at the Soso Tham Auditorium and saw a strong response from the residents of North Shillong from the elderly to the youth.
Shillong, March 6: The Central Executive Committee of the Hynniewtrep Social Democratic Party (HSPDP) today discussed the upcoming mid-term elections including the mid-term MLA elections in Nongstoin and the MDC elections. half term in the KHADC and also on the leadership position within the party.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad expressed the hope that the tourism industry will grow through this initiative which has been achieved after 51 years.
Until 10 pm, no one has released the vehicles, where only two wheelers can pass.
The students of the bus were on their way to write their exams at Tetelia Province College. Police are conducting investigation into the incident.
In a statement sent today, the HSPDP Women Wing leader said that the customs and traditions of the jaitbynriew are part of the party's agenda and it is on these issues. that all the women of the party have stood up to oppose the demand of the SRT before the Governor.
The union said that these government vehicles known as SPTS and Shillong Supplementary Public Transport Service (SSPTS) have charged more than the price set by the government.
Shillong: The Urban Affairs Department will continue to search for land for the relocation of the Harijans living in the Mawlong Market Area, said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong.
“I am in great shock because the party leader Dr DD Lapang has been removed from the party and it has taken only 48 hours for Dr DD Lapang to be removed. Rahul Gandhi has appointed another president and one working president but on the 4th I was appointed as the working president of the party,” he said.
There are 7 clubs in the Super Division.
Revelation 21:1-2
“It's for this reason that I'm not a scientist and you're not a scientist in the House, because those who don't know what they're talking about, they talk about it. “They talk about the market but one is the farmer and the other is the seller of rice, for this reason there is a conflict,” he said.
C.A Stopped.
Due to the spread of news on social media, the intelligence department has also sought information about these people from the management of NEIGRHIMS. They include those who are sick and those who come for treatment and among them nearly 1,000 are Muslims.
Police forces must uphold the rule of law, protect human rights and provide justice to all citizens," he said.
On the other hand, the residents also informed that the MeECL employees have tried their best to rebuild the electricity posts which have collapsed in the area, and perhaps the power outage of the residents will continue for a few days until to complete and repair all the electrical posts and signs that have been cut off in the area.
Therefore, these tax receipts should increase," the former Prime Minister said.
Daniel 12:7 which means the prophecy about the End times today and the near future.
On the women's side, Kyntimon Marweiñ from Mawlangwir (00:48:11), Lyntijingkmen Kharjahrin (00:50:07) and Marqueenless Ramsiej (00:51:08) are also from Sakwang.
Earlier this year, the National People's Party (NPP) formed a coalition government on 5th October after winning the most MLAs in the MLA elections. which is this year.
You shall not walk in the streets like a dog.
The relatives of the deceased said that the driver of the vehicle was from Thieddieng but lived in Mawsynram.
Now the question is, does the party have the right to hold a political rally at the government program or for what reason was it held at the same venue where the government program was held? “Isn't this a misuse of power by the political party leading the coalition government? We feel that the politicization of government projects allocated for the benefit of many villages by one political party is an attempt to mislead the residents of the area just to get votes,” he said. The Seng said more and more.
The registration of Aadhar has increased rapidly in the State after the State Government announced that the Central Government has decided to abolish various schemes including the distribution of food items, the Supplementary Nutrition Program for women who are still in the state. children and children under 6 years of age.
Now through this article I will tell you how and from where the Karbi get their Chomangkan.
Kharkrang said that the district police are not yet sufficient to provide security for the election. “We will try to provide that as the police are available now, but the Head Quarter has promised to send police. “There are more security forces for the election,” said Bah Kharkrang.
On the other hand, it is also a great and surprising achievement for the Congress party which has been able to work hard until it has been able to defeat these two leaders who perhaps they themselves have not. they shall not be able to enjoy the glory of victory.
From this budget, it is planned to build an office for officers, a dispensary and an ammunition depot.
Any employees working in other districts of the state who are voters in these three constituencies will get special leave on that day.
Regarding the collapse of the electricity posts in the area, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, said that the officials from the electricity department, said that it will take up to 3 or 4 days to install and supply electricity in the area. , in which he informed the Minister of Electricity, to urge him to take action on the collapse of electricity posts.
Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, Kong L.Kharkrang, Director of Agriculture, Village Leaders, Raid , SHGs, Cooperative Societies and others.
And it is for this reason that the country and the government has declined and we have very few statesmen leaders to make laws and to speak in the Assembly but there are many leaders who bunkam to make money make money.
In this way, tourists will be encouraged to visit from time to time.
The celebration of the end of hard work, and the proclamation of harvest in the fields.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of JHADC, Ma Thombor Shiwat, on Tuesday demanded that the Governor of Meghalaya should increase the revenue from 25 per cent to 50 per cent. percent of the tax on land.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 02: The Catholic Church on Friday commemorated the Day of the Dead and prayed for them to reach God's peace. .
The Minister was speaking at the celebration of World Wildlife Day organized by the Forest Department of the State Government today in Shillong.
The Jowai Block Congress Committee has lodged a complaint with the MPCC against Bah Sniawbhalang, demanding that the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee should punish him and remove him from his post as Minister.
Rock and other speakers said that the BJP is confident of winning because the candidate will be Garo Sumis Marak who is the only Garo candidate from the Garo community.
The government now has a plan to modernize it through talks with a Scottish company.
Superintendent of Police Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, IPS, said that police received news reports that three and four youths were suspected of entering the house. Police have taken immediate action against people carrying carton boxes and entering the forest in Jalaphet Bri-Sumer village. 2023 to bring peace and order and the police have suspected that there are items inside the carton boxes which could cause damage especially during this election period, so The meeting was attended by the Additional Superintendent of Police, MPS, Sub Inspector of Umpleng Anti Dacoity Camp, K. Pdahsiej, Sub Inspector of Saipung Police, U. Bah B.Marbaniang and a team of police in the middle of the night went to the forest and entered the cow shed in the forest and found these four youths. They have been sleeping inside the cow shed and they will conduct a search and find these boxes containing these explosives.
Furthermore, SBI will manage the interest on deposits and lending, from now on, exactly in accordance with the RBI Act. Banks, in fact, lend on the basis of the Marginal Cost of Fund. Base Lending Rate (MCLR) or interest rate, according to the confidence of those who borrow from banks and do not implement the RBI's rules to borrowers, but SBI will now implement it. law and interest will be lower going forward.
The heroes who choose the path of service write their names in the pages of eternity.
Banshai also gave the example of Mahatma Gandhi, the father of India, how he fought for the country's independence from the British.
The elderly include Giren Swer (78), Muni Swer (76), Keydras Sympli (75) and Kwirland Tlang (62).
He took part in winning his second World Cup in 2018 in Russia.
“For my part, I have accepted the decision of the supporters because in the end they are the ones who win me and will win me in the upcoming elections,” said the former MLA.
On this occasion, the speakers expressed their strong condemnation of the government for the appointment of employees and the discrimination against those who know them even in contract jobs where only those who have connections with the officials. they can implement government projects.
Electricity Minister AT Mondal said the situation is not stable due to the shortage of water in the rivers during the rainy season, and the Government has to find ways to generate electricity from coal and solar.
In the match played at Sundargarh Stadium, Odisha on Tuesday, Meghalaya beat Odisha Women 3-1
“Therefore, we would like to urge you to take action to fight against this issue or take it to another path.
However, there are also vehicles that drive without a challan and those who say that the challan is with the brokers.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat, Bah E Kharmalki has ordered the villages to prepare ambulances to transport the patients or bodies.
Khliehriat, June 15: A fire broke out in the house of Duhkha Dkhar in Tuber Kmai village this morning at about 3 pm. not only the house, but all that is in the house.
If it is in the maintenance of peace and order, it must be the same, if it is in the investigation, it must be the same.
There is one glory of the sun, and another glory of the moon, and another glory of the stars: one star differeth from another star in glory”.1 Corinthians 15:4
In the second half, Nongdawah started to slow down because they had won the title but Mission, even 40 players, fought well and this resulted in them being able to score again through Kenstar. Warshong in the 50th minute.
As usual, on the last day of Behdeiñkhlam, there were 12 colors from Seinraiij Wahiajer and Ialong, but this time they were made with small colors which are only examples and many part was held only for the ceremony.
Earlier, Ma EMH Passah, District Horticulture Officer, West Jaintia Hills District delivered a welcome speech in the presence of hundreds of farmers.
The seven border areas include Langpih in West Khasi Hills District; Borduar, Nongwah-Mawtamur, Deshdoomreah, Block-II in Ri Bhoi District; Block-I, Psiar-Khanduli, West Jaintia Hills District.
According to the custom of the Marbisu Hima, the Acting Sirdar is elected by the Him Dorbar, not by the four branches of the Sirdar's office and this has been done since 1984 when Phrang Singh was elected. Sun didn't die.
In his speech, Bah HM Shangpliang, former MLA and currently the Chairman of the Education Department of the State Government, expressed his satisfaction to hear that this college has been able to pass many students and The 3rd Division has been promoted to the 1st Division.
He said he had first heard of the LPG explosion three or seven times but he did not think it was the incident.
“I have tried to convey to the Government of India that I wanted to talk to them again when Rajnath Singh was the Minister of Home Affairs and although he himself understood this, the Ministry of Finance did not. “When you don't have people who can praise you in many challenges and now it has happened like this.
However, her understanding is to serve God at all times, whether at home, in the workplace or in Government offices.
Shillong, July 8: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has banned the Syiem of Mylliem Hima from allowing foreigners to apply for trading licences. (Trading License) in Iewduh.
The first outreach program held in Dehradun on July 8, 2021 was attended by 445 Panchayat Leaders and about 40,000 Panchayat Leaders via the internet.
Recently, several MLAs have joined the BJP which has brought hope to the BJP in the state but if such an incident happens at such a time, it could affect the party.
As we prepare to host this tournament in Goa, we are not only celebrating for sports but also to commemorate the Asian Games.
The delegation led by NPP National President Conrad K Sangma will meet the Governor at Raj Bhavan tomorrow morning at 11.30 am to discuss the formation of a new government.
The term of office of the IG of the CRPF in the state should be extended for three years, he added.
The Office of the Prime Minister has received this letter on 1st November 2015 and has said that it will take the necessary action. The State Government conducted the State Eligibility Test (SET) in The resolution was announced in 2008 and the recruitment was held in
The two trucks (ML-04B-7187) and another truck (ML-04-4399) were driven by Stan Shylla and Ham Rymbai. On the same day, the Magistrate has arrested three coal miners while they were mining coal from a park owned by Joytal Swer. They are Suiz Uddin, Sur Miah and Blika Rahman.
Top 20 candidates in SSLC.
Conrad congratulated them with the post of Symbud Myntri Rangbah along with senior departments.
Speaking to reporters, Ardent said that before they speak, they should read the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation and turn to the states where the ILP has been implemented. the world.
" (See also “The Nation of Shahrah Umsaw” – by Apol Mawniuh, page
Long Jumper Jeswin Aldrin has qualified for his first World Athletics Championships, while Murali Sreeshankar has lost his chance to qualify for failing to reach the goal. .
Lehnohei's swearing-in ceremony before the Governor of the State.
He said that if there is no Khasi shopkeeper, the union will take responsibility and work hard to find Khasi youth to bring bills to these shopkeepers.
When asked whether many of the leaders have joined the NPP, Pyngrope said, “We are not afraid of the joining of the leaders in the NPP because we know that the joining is for the benefit of the NPP. They are not alone and the struggle and unity is an ongoing part of every party”.
In another development, the Dorbar Shnong Moolamylliang in collaboration with the Moolamylliang Biodiversity Management Committee has conducted a tree planting within the boundary of the village.
Rakkam said that although the government or the education department has not yet taken a final decision but the inclusion of the CBSE subjects will bring blessings to the students of the state.
“The Umkiang Dorbar Shnong has demanded from the NHAI authorities to repair this road immediately for the benefit of the people,” said Nicholas. They shall cleanse the road and bring cleanliness along the road.
Such incidents make it difficult for children to walk alone on the road whether it is in the morning or even in the evening.
The tournament started on Tuesday with Krang SC and Nongmynsong SC sharing 10 points each after a 2-2 draw.
Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, was also appointed as the Spokesperson of the National People's Party (NPP). WR Kharlukhi.
These weapons include a sum (Cher behkpong), a sword, a ketli and a sword made of English coins.
Roykupar Synrem said that in 2006, the state government had issued a notice when there were only nine districts and in 2013, when there were only nine districts, the state government had issued another notice. In this District Task Force Committee, the Deputy Superintendent of Police of the Special Police Department shall be the convener of the DTFC. “The meeting was held with the committee and the task of the DTFC is to track down the foreigners who have entered the state,” he said.
Although the pass rate of the students in the SSLC examination is lower this time, the union urges the paradoh parasnam who have not been able to reach the goal this time not to lose heart. but that they may continue to work hard in the years to come.
His passing away has been a great loss,” the Association said in a statement sent to the media.
It is very difficult if they (the government) want education to improve,” said Babu Ron.
“The HYC cannot just watch and listen to the problems of the school, so it has decided to support a teacher of this school to continue and the salary will be paid by the HYC Sengkmie every month.
There has been a lack of understanding from all sides about the implementation of land laws which do not comply with the land tenure system in our state such as the Registration Act, the Land Acquisition Act and others.
He added that this village is no longer a village that has been in existence for decades and the sad thing is that as the residents of the village they have been neglected by the government. and they have not found the right way.
Vehicles entering the church buildings will not be allowed to leave the church until the end of the church service. Khasi Hills and M.Kharkrang.
“The fishing industry is one of the things that the people have been doing since ancient times, but when it comes to the fishing industry, I can say that it should be in accordance with the rules of law and that they will be taxed,” he said. said Mr. Kyrmen.
Therefore, the election itself is a discussion and division of opinion and we should not run away from it and we should not allow it to be used by the citizens during the election of MLAs. money power or the politics of distribution will overthrow the foundation of democracy, otherwise khadar rule will fall into the hands of the rich who will rule as they please.
He should have sent this legal notice to the CM,” said Dr Mukul Sangma.
“You cannot say that the UDP and HSPDP are unnecessary because they are the oldest political parties.
KHUDA's no-confidence motion against the Executive Committee has surprised the MDCs who are skeptical of the ruling party, as earlier KHUDA had refused to hold a power struggle.
KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit led by Morningstar Pasi President and Sundayborn Thubru Organizing Secretary together with Ohibait Dkhar President KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit on the 8th of this month met with the Superintending Engineer PWD Rds at Jowai Circle, Jowai. The KSU has also reminded that the road was repaired last year, but the sad thing is that this road has been repaired last year. the road gets worse.
?When can we buy money because we are only day laborers and we will get the bill when how do you use the government?
If you think that just holding tablets or putting them in a plate will make you mentally ill, this will not help.
He said that it is a great blessing because the nature in this area is very beautiful where there are valleys, creeks, hills and streams which are very clean.
Khliehriat, July 13: The Guwahati Region on Tuesday held and celebrated the 20th North East Metalliferous Mines Safety Week. The program was held at the Star Cement Company Lumshnong.
With the introduction of FASTag, you will no longer need to use or pay cash at toll plazas and toll gates from 15th February
If the small states are included, Nagaland still has the highest unemployment rate, while Dadra and Nagar Haveli have replaced Meghalaya with the highest unemployment rate. the small State, they are only 0.6%.
The Government together with the Khasi Author's Society (KAS) is fighting for the recognition of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India. The author of these two books, Bah S Michael Jyrwa, gave a speech at the meeting, and a detailed explanation of these two books was given by Bah M Khymdeit. She is a teacher at NEHU and the book launch ceremony was enriched by the songs by Kong Ïadaphylla Kharpomtiah.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The Youth Wing of KHNAM today met with the Chairman of the Meghalaya Public Service Commission (MPSC) to discuss the issue of allowing youth who have up to years, to sit for the Meghalaya Civil Services examination, from 32 years now.
The Minister of Agriculture, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh has advised the farmers to come to the Secretariat when they have problems.
What happened is a crime and the police have to investigate those involved.
CP Joshi is from Shillong.
“We work with a vision in mind.
Meanwhile, Meghalaya will demonstrate that it still wants to see that the state will continue to be longtrai and ruled by the indigenous people.
In addition, the environment from the forests will be destroyed and disappear from the wildlife, birds and fish will disappear, and the beautiful waters, rivers, valleys and streams will disappear. This will be the challenge that we as a nation will face if the EIA 2020 works.
The union has also questioned the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board on the letter sent by the MSPCB to the MoEF&CC in Delhi which states that up to 280 groups or organizations have written to the MPCB and supported the mining. the ore from Brichrnot and only 6 groups opposed.
On the other hand, KSU North Khasi Hills President Ferdenald Kharkamni said that talks have been held with the CEM to provide the documents of the Raid Nongtung to the 18 villages under the Block. -II is from Meghalaya.
However, to inform and confirm, some of the officers who have to supervise up to two places, including Bah S.
Meanwhile, Bah Foning Marwein, Field Assistant Horticulture, Mawsynram Block, explained that when planting sohniamtra, you should look for a healthy soh which is also a tree that has grown for more than 15 years.
Similarly, other countries have gained independence before or during these years.
On the other hand, the Chairman of the Estimate Committee of Meghalaya gave a short speech and congratulated and blessed the Chief Minister of West Bengal.
“This issue needs to be looked into so that it will be of benefit to the youth who come from poor families to have the opportunity to study like others,” he said.
The only thing that is more surprising is that the fall of Maw, Phan and Piat, has not caused any injuries to the people inside the house, but what is more surprising Furthermore, there were people who were shot by Maw and Phan, but they were not sick or injured.
Pynshngaiñ said the incident in Mukroh is due to the lack of responsibility of the state government to protect the people in the border areas.
Meghalaya has seen an increase in the number of crimes committed by street children, and poor families, and many of these crimes are caused by children living on the streets. Speaking at a workshop on the Rights of Children, Care & Protection of Children Act, long here in the city.
When it comes to the methods of shooting in the past and in the present, it has differed from the ryntieh, the spears and the sohpdung for shooting.
He said that they do not agree with the proposal and as the party believes that they will bring about sustainable development.
These five villages include Madan Thangsning, Mawber, Synñia Sya, Umsning and Tangling. summer.
Shillong, Nailur 10: 110 Khasi and Jaintia Chiefs met with Government Advisor Bah DD Lapang today to request him to clarify their suggestions to strengthen the rules and regulations. rule according to custom.
Kishan scored 74 runs off 89 balls including nine fours.
Process also expressed his gratitude to KHNAM under the leadership of Pyndapborthiaw Saibon and Adelbert Nongrum for inviting him to contest the MDC election and expressed his hope to reach the goal of victory.
It is the voters who will decide who will be the 60 lawyers in the Legislative Assembly.
The Lai horse is the Black horse.
Remember, friends, if anyone opposes and criticizes him who has received help from Bethany Hospital to treat him when he is sick, they will be punished in heaven and earth one day.
Another thing I found was drop out.
The club has won only once in its last 10 games, one draw and five defeats.
The British leader has struggled to express his concern and spirit of service to the country and the people of Britain especially in the past when Britain was in trouble and His aim at this time is to win back the seat after the 2024 elections.
According to the witnesses of the passengers, the woman sustained serious head injuries and is unconscious.
Also present were the Principal of Synod College Dr RM Lyngdoh, Dr M Rani, Dr G Lyngdoh, teachers and parents of the students.
He met Sonia Gandhi before Mallikarjun Kharge became Congress President and asked her to work hard as much as possible to unite the opposition.
“However, it is clear that the Assembly has not yet discussed or taken any decision on this,” the court said.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong urged the electricity authorities to take care of the light signs and to cut down the trees near the signs. Such tragic incidents often happen due to the collapse of trees and light signs.
Other sources said that RJD leaders and representatives have held special prayers for Lalu's recovery.
“From today I have resigned from the NPP because they have rejected the KHADC,” he said.
“If this money will benefit the community, we are not happy but the people who work there for only one year have been able to buy flats, houses and cars,” he said.
He encouraged the students to contest for these posts including MCS, MPS which are the keys to improving the rule of law.
Speaking on the no-confidence motion after Rahul Gandhi and the Opposition criticized the government's approach to curb the incident in Manipur, the Home Minister urged There is no need to politicize the ethnic conflict in the state.
Prasan Pradhan, Vicar General of the Archdiocese of Bhubaneswar, has died of COVID-1
“When the government says that it needs 1.5 acres of land, it is not for us to own the Harijans but to hand over this land to the Shillong Municipal Board,” he said.
On the following day, health cards were also distributed to the participants.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Paul said that the NRC has already been announced by the central government to be implemented across the country and the state should come with the MRSSA Ordinance to better protect the people. citizen.
Another thing we have to keep in mind is that if they have the knowledge to throw themselves, the bombs will become a threat to us.
The CoMSO also sends its condolences to the family of Samla Lurshai Hynniewta who gave his life for the cause of the nation.
All around us are homeless young people, and many come from homes with no help, or encouragement; and the young men drift away to wickedness, they fall to destruction even within the shadow of our doors.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday said that the Prevention of Disqualification Bill, 2015 is still in darkness. yet.
In the first innings, Meghalaya were in trouble after scoring only 126 runs (no out) after tied first.
If a landslide occurred in the area, he was always ready to help.
Jowai, July 27: The 75th Republic Day was celebrated at Jrisaleiñ Square in Jowai today. the flag of the country and salute.
Former Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh and former Governor of Chhattisgarh, Sushri Anusuiya Uikey has recently been appointed by the President of India – Droupadi Murmu to take over as the Governor of Chhattisgarh. Manipur, on the 22nd of this month, was sworn in at a swearing-in ceremony held at Raj Bhavan, Imphal.
The main issues discussed included Article 244, the amendment of the Sixth Scheduled, the removal of the Sixth Scheduled from Article 280 under the Constitution of India and others. of the dead.
But so far the promises have been fulfilled.
The petition states that the requirements are to pay tax to the DMR of T.4.28 crore, dewbilat production tax to the government of T.54 lakh, coal fee of T.6.65 crore, coal T.1.66 crore, materials, equipment and others T.3 crore, salaries and other 9-month income to employees T.8.87 crore and establishment fees T.5 crore.
“I urge the Sordar to monitor the matter in consultation with the Basan of Raid Mawlieh and the Hima to complete the matter,” said the Syiem.
Shillong, Iaiong 17: Two days of heavy rainfall has struck Shillong and across the state, starting on Saturday and continuing till today.
Furthermore, they expressed their dissatisfaction with the banners placed by the National Parties around the city which has disturbed the people and also defaced the city.
These two houses were built by Biki Biam from Mihmyntdu and Gerald Siangshai from Umshyngiar Khanduli.
Shillong: U General Secretary of the Seng Khihlang, Bah Mario Biam, on Tuesday urged the people who do not belong to the traditional religion to write in the Khasi language on the form of the government. census or census.
According to Bah Nongrum, the Minister of DCA has promised to take action as soon as possible to implement the Council Bill.
Shillong Lajong will face FC Bengaluru United on 21st June at home at the 1st Ground of the SSA Polo Stadium.
The final match of the quarter final will be played today between Khliehriat Veteran and Umsawkhwan Ri Bhoi at 3:30 pm.
He said that an ambulance has been found at the hospital, but it cannot provide services or transport patients and this will cause problems to the people when there are emergency cases especially at night. bad synagogue.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: The government's plan to transform the Polo Market into Times Square may take some time, although earlier there was a plan to start the work.
He said that the government has recently launched the Yes Meghalaya scheme where youth groups can receive assistance of up to 1 lakh tyngka.
The Director of CRDH said that about 10 people have been killed in the shooting and the Director of CRDH said that the number of dead and injured will be announced later. When the incident was investigated, several people were injured and several others were abducted.
He said that as a person who has been in the service of the people for many years as an MDC, he wants to work hard for the constituency and also to solve the problems faced by the people from time to time.
Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem distributed the prizes to the finalists and in his speech he urged the youth to continue to work hard and do well to develop their talents in various sports.
In these days, there have been articles and speeches in public meetings urging voters to take the money if anyone offers, but not to ask who is the best to vote. to lead the country and the nation to a bright future.
Therefore, as the Nongmihkhmat of Nongpoh, he appealed to the Village Leaders, Land Owners and the people to cooperate, as the goal is to solve the problems faced by the people from the floods. I don't know what to do every year in Nongpoh.
This is not appropriate for you to be beaten like this.
The ark was brought out in the courtyard for rituals.
The Government has also decided to allocate funds for the construction of a Police Outpost at Athiabari.
Sunil Chhetri is my friend.
Regarding the problem faced by the residents, these elders urged the relevant authorities to take action to provide for the lack of electricity and network, as it has caused a lot of problems to the residents. the people who live in these villages.
Places of worship/houses with restricted entry and exit areas or containment zones will remain closed.
