I just want to tell you myself this one and that is that I am a blind person.
Shillong, Naitung 1: A man has committed suicide by hanging himself.
The discussion was led by Bah Aristotle and Bah Erwin K Syiem Sutnga who spoke on the need to preserve the customs and traditions of the mother and other traditional customs. He was a member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council.
The tournament was organized by the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) at the MFA Turf Polo Ground, Shillong.
Wymem khla wait for me, Daboon that snow snow.
In a statement, the Governor has appointed a Search Committee to search for members of the Expert Committee to look into the State Reservation. Policy announced on July 12,
According to Bah Sohliya, drugs are not common in the state but these days it has become very common and even women are kidnapped from the state to other places.
The family members of these two persons, said that from the family, they used to work or be involved with these gangs and no one from their household was involved in the drinking.
Thus mankind cries out, cries out, cries out and cries out, Tell Me-Tell meHow much is the price of food and meat?
Passengers who wanted to walk on this road had to wait for more than 10 hours.
Mawkyrwat, Naiwieng, 01: Many farmers in Mawkyrwat area especially those in the riverbank areas like Pyndenmawramhah, Mawsep, Rangdikhew and others have been encouraged by the In the past years, the scheme from the government to supply water to the lyngka would have been a blessing but now it is a shambles.
GP Singh, ADGP (L&O) of Assam, said that as of 3rd November 2020, there were 117 cases of which 26 have recovered and 1132 are in quarantine.
Likewise, kings and kingdoms appear and disappear, then countries, nations rise, live well and prosperously, decline slowly and syrtok, the wicked, the dark, the powerful also appear from time to time and they are able to rule and dominate others and follow others who are not very different from them.
The number of crimes from 1995 to 2015 are; Barato – 40 pieces, Mukroh – 39 pieces, Saba -6 pieces, Thangsning – 11 pieces &amp; Thanksgiving – 8 pieces.
“However, we have told them that the work is too busy but in the last few months it has been expedited as much as possible,” he said.
The issue of the roster system in employment and education is now before the Meghalaya High Court.
Dame Zaha, has slammed the allegation, saying it does not agree with the name “vagina stadium”.
On this basis, the state government through the DHS department has decided to conduct the State Medical EntraceTest, said the Director.
He also urged and encouraged the leaders and the party as a whole to continue to move forward to serve the people and the 25 years of the party is not easy but with the goal of moving forward. and a responsible attitude and hope that the party will continue to do good deeds, not to have any spirit of jealousy but to unite for the sake of the country and the nation.
However, they worry if the ration is slow to arrive at home, and the children worry if the gas cylinder is almost gone.
Lower Primary School has only 3 classrooms and one hall built by the Managing Committee and 7 classrooms for 2 teachers,” said the teacher.
Shillong, Nailur, 19: Unidentified robbers have stabbed a schoolgirl in the neck and thrown a stone in her face.
The UDP said it was not satisfied with the investigation and decided to conduct further investigation to find out all the facts.
For these reasons, the TMC-Meghalaya immediately demands an independent inquiry under the supervision of the Supreme Court into the riots in Tura on the 24th of this month.
Therefore, we expect that the ILP should be implemented into law. Although the CAB has now been temporarily blocked from becoming law and passing in the Rajya Sabha.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) through its Education Cell today met with the Minister of Education, Ma Lakmen Rymbui, Secretary Samla Enlang Sawian. to demand from the government to challenge the school fees.
Looking at the situation in the district in recent years, it is necessary for the government to set up more police stations, such as in Maweit, Rambrai and Nongshillong.
At the time of her departure, the child was wearing a blue jersey with the name of St. Joseph HSS School, a skirt and slippers.
Dhaka: The ruling Awami League in Bangladesh has held a rally in the presence of those refugees who were affected during the opposition rule. in the counting of votes to be held on the 7th of July.
As an actress, Aditi has taken part in Padmaavat and played the role of Mehrunisa and although her role was short, she received praise from the audience.
Speaking to reporters, Bah PT Sawkmie said, “There is no problem or difference for the government to invite them back to the negotiating table and create ways and means how to help them if it is in any way. They also provide opportunities for themselves to support themselves and their families.
Nongpoh, June 05: UDP Chief Secretary Bah Bindo M Lanong on Tuesday said that the Congress ship has sunk in the state and it is time for the leaders to come out to rescue them from the sinking. Speaking at a welcoming ceremony for the MDC and Congress leaders to the UDP party today at Umwang.
Process said that in terms of the debt of MeECL, it is not just a matter of time, but it has been since ancient times. The only difference is the lack of responsibility. of the new Chief Managing Director which has brought about the problems of the employees in this department.
The fire destroyed the house and all the belongings of the house were burnt down.
When Nabab learned that it was the king who wanted to buy land from him, he said: “I have land, but it is worthless. you money.
“In this tournament we have allowed the players who are still in training as well as the players who have taken part in the Second Division.
Just because they fail, many parents accuse their children of being pig's head, donkey's head, tasngeng's head. neither shall they bear fruit, neither shall they bear fruit.
Police searched the vehicle and recovered three gold biscuits from a man identified as Sahidul Islam.
“I don't understand why they are stopping the railway, but elections will be held in June next year and a new government will come and I hope it will do something about it,” Gohain said.
She said that she is currently studying at Nongtalang and will continue to sing if someone calls her.
N.R.Marak, IPS, Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, Shri.K.Prasad, MPS, Addl.Superintendent of Police (HQ), East Khasi Hills, Shillong, Shri.D.K.Prasad, MPS, Dy.Superintendent of Police (HQ), Shillong and other police officers.
The newspaper also reported that 40 protesters were killed after Syrian troops shelled parts of the Otaiba area, and a large number of ammunition, including rockets, was seized. The incident occurred in Eastern Ghouta, which was also the scene of a landslide last April that killed men, women and children.
Then we have sons who sacrifice themselves for the good of the family and the community even though they know that they will not get anything in their future.
The partnership with ExxonMobil will strengthen and improve the sector in India which is already at the top of the list of people's interest in F1, and thus witnessed the rapid growth of motorsport in recent times. years ago.
(2) The Hygiene Act:- The Government of India has issued the Swachhata Act which all schools must follow according to the routine laid down by the Central Government.
Hamlet said that BSNL has announced in its holiday schedule that the 24th will be a Holi holiday and the 25th will be a Good Friday holiday. on the 22nd does however coincide with her public holiday days.
After completing the investigation, the police have seized the nar rod and the body of the deceased has been taken to Nongstoiñ Civil Hospital for post mortem. Post Mortem, the body was handed over to the family members for last rites.
With this victory, Ladthadlaboh have come to the top of the points table followed by Sailung Ialong, Niawa Wasa and Nangbah Mulang.
He said that in the past, the government has not provided food, drink and medicine to those robbers who have been arrested.
When asked about the reason for the delay, they said that there was a fire in three places last night.
The District Magistrate issued this order after receiving a complaint about the presence of people who are digging shyiap, using the power to clean up the shyiap that has been dug.
Besides, there were two independent candidates, Bah Peter Shallam and Prof Lakhon Kma.
They are the ones who worry all day long about how to fill their stomachs or how to fill their households and not about the pleasures of their own flesh.
In November 2021, Prime Minister Narendra Modi inaugurated the statue of Adi Shankaracharya Samadhi at Kedarnath.
Since the PWD department announced these vacancies, it has been seen that the job seekers have turned to the office in Lachumier, and it has been seen that yesterday and today is the day of The deadline for applications has been set tomorrow, the 17th of July.
Jowai, July 18: Police in East Jaintia Hills District have arrested three trucks while they were carrying coal in violation of the order of the National Green Tribunal.
Hyderabad's Tanay Thyagarajan lost the last wicket to end his innings at 5/103 before losing his partner.
Shillong, July 17: The Trade Department of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today continued its inspection of foreign shops without Trading License. the light and the daughter of Laban.
According to the Word of God, it is clear to know and understand if we believe but “THOSE WHO FIGHT AGAINST WILL RECEIVE PUNISHMENT IN THEMSELVES”.
According to information, in 1936, various church leaders met in Shillong at that time under the jurisdiction of Assam to discuss the establishment of the NEICC which now has its headquarters in Shillong.
Higher Secondary School (SWGH) has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 23rd of this month at 6:40 pm, someone phoned him and demanded T.1 lakh. smile at you.
The Australian Government and the Queensland State Government have announced that they will now jointly spend up to A$7.1 billion ($4.9 billion) on the construction of new stadiums and to renovate and improve the remaining stadiums in preparation for the country's 2032 Olympic Games in Brisbane.
Shillong: The National Career Service Center for SC/STs, under the Department of Labour, DGE, Government of India, is inviting applications from groups/workplaces from Jowai, Meghalaya. Implementation of the scheme funded by the Directorate General of Employment (DGE) for the Special Coaching Scheme under shorthand for 80 SC/ST candidates till 1st November
Yes, God created man and woman, but he temporarily created man from the dust of the ground and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life. life; and the man became a living soul.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 18: As part of the prevention of the traffic of overloaded vehicles (more than 9 Matric Ton) passing through small bridges and in the middle of dangerous bridges, Bah T.Lyngwa, IAS, District The Magistrate (DM) of South West Khasi Hills District has issued a section 144 CrPC after receiving a complaint that some PWD bridges have started to collapse. There are also bridges that are dangerous if vehicles carry too much or heavy load.
It is learned that when the leaders of the Seng Samla and Seng Longkmie, went to raid the house of the trader, the mother of the trader, tried to hide by lying that he was not in the house. but when they searched for the drug dealer, who had hidden himself in the house, he suddenly fell and they were able to arrest the drug dealer.
The office bearers of HANM Pynurkba include Hamlet Pdang president, general secretary Readingson Pdang, publicity secretary Hame Bareh, finance secretary Deithmu Shylla, sports secretary Successfully Bareh, office secretary Phas Pdang, vice president Daioo Shwa Pdang, assistant secretary Augustin Bareh, cultural secretary Pynwan Pdang, organizing secretary Kiw Shylla.
The Foundation also expressed its special gratitude to NA Khan, Member Secretary and especially to Bah KJ Lyngdoh, OSD, who have supported the Foundation in many ways. that time all.
Shillong, July 18 : Satwiksairaj Rankireddy and Chirag Shetty on Tuesday made history by winning the men's doubles title at the Indonesia Open, becoming the first doubles players in the world. we're in the Super
The inability of the government to meet the aspirations of the people has angered the Khasi people especially the youth.
Like the Jews, God will soon restore them to worship according to the customs of their ancestors by soon rebuilding the Third Temple in Jerusalem.
Governments around the world have immediately implemented a lockdown as part of the efforts to curb the spread of the disease which has caused thousands of deaths, millions of cases, losses of Many churches have been destroyed and the income of the people and the revenues of the government authorities in many countries including our country India have been affected.
Therefore, even if the ILP is implemented, if the railway line is brought back, it will not benefit us at all, but there will be many problems, just like the money laundering.
When the residents saw the incident, they started calling for help and at that time, the police who patrol the road came and immediately informed the police. Meghalaya and Assam Fire Brigade.
He said that it is the duty of all stakeholders to take their part to ensure that the youth are equal, determined and loved. country, discipline and God-fearing.
When asked how he sees or finds out how he feels about the cooperation with the Prime Minister, Bah Rowel expressed his feelings by saying, “As the Prime Minister, he is very smart and can speak but the situation is As it appears now, especially in Garo Hills, in terms of peace and order, it is not enough.
The Government has authorized the Additional Deputy Commissioner, Revenue (I/C) Civil Subdivision, Amlarem and the staff of his office to enter or leave this area and to visit this area. or to occupy the land and to do any work necessary for its operation, as specified and to do any work necessary for its operation, as specified and explained in Section 12 of the Act.
Police are conducting investigation to find out the cause of the fire.
Shillong, Nailur 06: The SSA U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 was played on Tuesday at the 3rd Ground.
According to sources, the residence of the Minister was set on fire after the killing of nine civilians by robbers suspected to be members of armed groups.
China has expressed its dissatisfaction with the United States' aggressive behavior in producing these weapons and trying to export them only to countries of its choice.
Regarding such incidents, Bah Benediction Buam, owner of a wine store in Muktapur, said that on the 11th of this month at about 4:50 pm, the BSF seized the vehicles. They were carrying the goods of Buam Wine Store, Muktapur and were not released even after searching or checking.
Speaking to media, Kamalakhya Dey Purkayastha said the increase in electricity tariff has been from 30 to 70 paisa per unit.
Scientists have discovered that the Mawmluh Crematorium is a way to determine the age of the Earth and have named it the Meghalayan Age or the Years of the Earth. To be sold.
Regarding the violations of the Model Code of Conduct (MCC), Dr Tiwari said, “We have received information on this and the Returning Officer of Shillong has taken action on this matter.
We will complete the work related to the division of constituencies before the end of November,” said the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem.
In a petition sent to the Minister of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Bah Alexander L. Hek and signed by the General Secretary of the VPP, Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon, he said, and it will also be a profitable season for the farmers.
Yesterday, some of the children of the Hima, met with Bah Shylla, and demanded that the Administrator should be removed from Raid Majai and handed over to the Hima. Sohra, don't make it Eleka.
Also present on the occasion were Umsning MDC Macdalyne Sawkmie Mawlong, Director of Sports and Youth Affairs, Isawanda Laloo, Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Arpit Upadhyaya, Superintendent of Police. Ri Bhoi, Giri Prasad, officers and leaders of the Ri Bhoi Water Sports and Tourism Cooperative Society and the Meghalaya Canoe Association.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Titosster Well Chyne today sent the list of Executive Members (EMs) of the United Democratic Alliance (UDA) to the Governor of Meghalaya. (DCA) to give approval.
“We don't have anything to do with the people of Meghalaya.
According to the UDP leaders, it is understood that there are still other MDCs who will join the party and these include Bah LG Nongsiej, Morningstar Mawsor, Hadrian Lyngdoh and others whom the party is still supporting. strength.
Referring to the incident, it was learned that the parking lot, which was destroyed in the village, was built under the MDC scheme at a cost of T.1 lakh. At the same time, it was said that the parking lot has not been completed yet, but only the fire and slep have been erected.
This is the first time for Meghalaya to reach the final and also to compete for the title, while Karnataka has reached for the second time since the start of the season. 1975-76.
The death toll in the United States has risen to 23,529, the highest number of deaths in the world.
They urged the authorities to take action against this quarrying and especially the dumping of soil into the river.
This is usually caused by a disease in the eyelids that occurs when people are very young.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that many government departments are now in the process of recruitment in the state.
Chemphang Syrti, who is currently the Commandant of the 3rd MLP Battalion, will take over as the SP of West Jaintia Hills from Bikram.
Banjop Kupar Warjri received the award for completing seven trainings at this training centre.
Islamabad, November 24: A strong earthquake struck eastern Pakistan today, lasting about 10 minutes.
Besides, the cultivation of ryndia is also one of the ways to improve the environment, as this species survives by eating the leaves of trees and the cultivation method is very easy.
Shillong: The Cherry Blossom Festival, Shillong, has been canceled today due to heavy rainfall. The tickets have been canceled today and those who cannot attend the starting day will be able to use the same tickets on the second day and the final day.
Shillong, Lber 11: The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri, on Tuesday said that the state government has no information whether there is a shortage of cow meat in the state due to the smuggling of cows to Bangladesh.
As the state has reached the 50th milestone in its total statehood.
Bah Sawkmie said that he is very sorry and angry with the PHE for not fulfilling its duties.
Stephan Kharduid, 39, sustained serious injuries and later died at Mawryngkneng PHC.
The RBYF has made this demand after a complaint by the passengers, who have faced problems, due to the failure of the contractor to complete the road. that this road is very bad and pum pum at such times.
In the last 70 years of India's independence and 50 years of Meghalaya, different governments have come and gone led by different political parties.
Jowai, Jymmang 18: The Mihmyntdu Community Social Welfare Association (MCS-WA) Jowai on Tuesday held a program ai training to prevent alcohol abuse across West Jaintia Hills.
If you choose the wrong one, you will become a seller of your own country.
The two illegal coke plants were destroyed under the supervision of the Additional Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, Bah J.Shylla. Board (MSPCB) and the District Commerce and Industries Centre.
The HPF has demanded that the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District should increase the price of petrol to the usual price and not to the price set in June.
Regarding her writing, Sweetymon said that although she has lost her body, she doesn't sit without writing and when any thoughts come to her mind she writes.
“This is a sign of great danger to the people living on the border and we cannot just listen or watch but the government should complete the resolution of the border,” said the petition. The HSPDP has demanded that the government should resume the construction of the SSA school which has been destroyed by the Assam police in Sabuda, Umwahriang, Ranikhat and Hat in Langpih.
He stressed on the need to provide physical training equipment, saying that by providing all these, it will help the players to move forward, compared to other states. .
The Coal Mining Act clearly states that there is no provision that permission must be obtained from the District Council or that coal can be mined through the District Council.
The Congress candidate from Sohiong constituency, Bah S Osborne Kharjana, said that the absence of a Prime Minister from Ri Lum Khasi Jaintia is because the people elect the leaders and not the citizens.
In the second match, Moolamanoh beat Rymbai Wahshnong 3-0
At present, India plans to field as many as 13 players.
Achiever's Secondary School beat JNV School 1-0, while Ummulong Presbyterian H/S School beat Amwi H/S Thangbuli 2-0
The team was led by coaches including Isaiah Kharmawphlang, Reuben Lulam and Echwamida O. Phawa.
He said that in the Meghalaya Games 2022, the MDSA will send participants besides Athletics, it will send participants in two categories, namely football and football. Modern and Traditional Archery.
In Tura, Maldrin Marak scored the first goal for Selsella Sports Association in the fourth minute and Kyntiew Marthong scored the second goal in the 10th minute. the 6th game minute.
Shillong: KH NAM MLA and North Shillong MLA Bah Adelbert Nongrum has met with KH NAM leader and North Shillong MLA Bah Adelbert Nongrum to discuss many issues.
The opening ceremony was attended by Isawanda Laloo (IAS) Director Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya and Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association John F.Kharshiing. u Symbud Chief Guest in the presence of DSOs from different districts of the state.
Gavin said the HNLC's accusation against him for the collapse of the MCCL due to the government's plan to ban and implement VRS to all employees. There is no basis for the right to vote because everyone knows that the decision taken by the government is not the right decision.
Many government departments do not disclose the names of sub-contractors and details of JJM, PMGSY, NREGA, suppliers and others as these contractors belong to some political parties.
“I am pleased that this project has brought not only a clean environment but also employment opportunities for the residents,” said Bah Miki Lyngdoh.
The All Meghalaya Poultry Suppliers' and Retailers' Association (AMPSRA) has decided to suspend the sale of poultry for 10 days from Friday due to the increase in the price of imported poultry.
“They, who used to see them on posters of birthday celebrations, have now shown themselves in front of the public with their guns and laid flowers to the Prime Minister and the Symbud Prime Minister at public meetings. .
The foundation stone of the indoor stadium will be inaugurated by the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma tomorrow in the presence of former India captain Sourav Ganguly.
Therefore, the public is requested to attend the ceremony.
It should be ensured that activities are carried out for the benefit of all citizens.
Abhishek Bhagotia, Returning Officer, told reporters that he has decided that Bonney will contest as an independent candidate, although Bonney has registered as a candidate of KHNAM. Bonney has chosen the key to the election, while Justice Kharbasanti has withdrawn from the race at 1.15 pm.
The rice is best grown, according to statistics, in Belgium, which is near England; then in Bilat, then in Germany.
The highest rainfall in Sohra was 1563.3 mm on 16th July 1995 and the second highest was 973.8 mm on 5th July
Choephel Lama, 82, of Mawprem, Shillong, was admitted to NEIGRIHMS Hospital, Shillong on 20-05-2021. He died on 22-05-2
Shillong, Nailur 01: Khasi Pnars living in four villages in Cachar Hills District have been attacked by the Assam Forest Department, who have ordered them to leave these areas. that they lived to settle down for centuries and live in agriculture.
Sohkymphor, Sookilo, Saipung, Samasi, Jalaphet, Rymbai, Wapung, Sutnga, Batwa and Umkiang and village shops run by the Village Dorbars or Market Committees.
When asked about the cultivation and marketing of cashews in the area, Momin said the cashews in the area are good and spoke about MNREGA and self-help groups. used to encourage cashew production.
Pommura opened the scoring in the 4th minute through Andystar Kharsati.
In the match between Rangdajied United FC and Shillong Lajong FC which was played at the MDSA Artificial Turf Mawkyrwat, the match was very interesting and thrilling especially to the fans of Rangdajied FC. Lajong scored three goals while Lajong did not score a single goal until the end of the minute.
Madan Thadmuthlong beat Mulang Ialong 2-0 in the 3rd Division Football Tournament of the 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy sponsored by the WJDSA at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday.
Out of the 13 Services players, 12 players have reached the final and won 10 medals.
If they cannot unite on the ground, there is no point in being united only in the media because the BJP is a very strong party.
Neither shall he fulfill his duties which belong to his household, nor shall he fulfill his reward.
There have been 43 new cases of coronavirus in Assam on the night of the 18th of this month.
To name religious leaders and that Christians must get permission from them before holding services or any programme.
At the meeting held at the residence of Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh President HSPDP, the Co-Ordination Committee was formed and the members of the committee should be 2 members each. The HSPDP has already elected two members of the committee, Ardent Basaiawmoit and Witting Mawsor.
He said that the use of the application will not waste time as questions and notices can be sent at any time.
Bamisha Warjri from Mawkneng won the first prize, Jesika Warjri from Mawkneng and Letizia Warjri from Mawprem won the second prize.
Speaking to Rupang, Justice said that the T.2.5 lakh was not taken by himself, but for others, but in his own name.
In the men's category, the final will be between Christ King HSS and Anderson HSS at 12:30 pm.
Those who attended the inspection included former Deputy Commissioner M. Lhuid, District Project Manager MGNREGA, DRDA Khliehriat, Sanda Sutnga, Block Development Officer. , Khliehriat, Dr Tammiyaki Shylla, General Secretary Tuber Kmaishnong Village, Tell Me True Phawa, Assistant Secretary, Ksohlang Phawa, VEC Secretary, Reality Dkhar, Treasurer, Samlang Rynglhlem and the residents of the village.
This was announced by the Muktiar of Meghalaya, Bah PN Nongbri, during the hearing before the Division Bench of the Meghalaya High Court.
He said that his choice for the Trinamool Congress is because he cannot join the political parties that have been in the government and added that the reason is that the TMC is a political party that has in the Opposition and that’s why he has to move in that direction.
It is reported that there was a heavy explosion that morning, but it is believed that the bombs fell on trees.
This shows that this is the wrong and insufficient way to live together with other races. Remember that wealth often destroys even the customs and traditions. salia itself also to preserve the unique characteristics of the nation.
He added that this initiative of the state government has hampered the work of the government in the state as a whole because if it cannot operate only one of the oldest factories in the state how can it run the factory? the state.
As a family we express our gratitude to; We are grateful to all our friends from near and far who have come to extend their condolences to our family.
The length or shortness of human life varies from time to time according to God's plan.
It has also impoverished the citizens.
“On the part of Bah John F Kharshiing, Working President of MSOA, he congratulated the MDA government for its support in organizing this tournament.
Shillong: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) MLA Brighstarwell Marbaniang on Tuesday said that the VPP's intention is to go to the Secretariat and not to create trouble. they are not allowed to move and in the attempt to move, there is a physical display of strength without any emotion.
“That man came here today, I haven't seen him for a long time, you are very close to Kthaw,” said Hep. “I used to be one of the members of the Executive Committee of the village when he was Rangbah Shnong.
He also distributed the awards to the winners in the presence of Patrick Lamare Vice President of WJDSA, DSO, Ma Khroobok Passah and other leaders and members of WJDSA.
Continuing to allege that the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma and the Minister of State Zenith Sangma , the ANEIGLPA said that the mother of these two children is Roushanara ABegum Garo, on the claim of the Prime Minister that these two men live like the Garo, from the food and drink that they ate the Nagham, which in Garo in Khasi means ktung ne. “If we eat Chinese food, we cannot say that we are Chinese, because it is the custom of anyone. “If you eat Italian food, it doesn't mean you are an Italian,” said Tennydard M Marak, one of the leaders of the party which filed a complaint against Dr. Mukul Sangma.
The samples were sent for testing at the State Food Testing Laboratory, Pasteur Hills, on the same day.
The Riangdo-Athiabari road is the most important road for the people of Mawshynrut area and connects Mawshynrut with Boko in Assam. There are also cases where even small vehicles or two wheelers are no longer allowed to pass through this road.
Although it needs a lot of water, it does not grow well in places where the water is slow.
Education Minister Rakkam A Sangma on Thursday said the government will try to achieve the target of recruiting about 1,200 teachers in lower primary and upper primary schools before Christmas.
This tree can also withstand the cold of the mountains, the heat of the sun and all the forces of nature work on it without hesitation.
Hundreds of TMC supporters who joined the BJP were welcomed by Bah HM Shangpliang, candidate from 25-Mawsynram constituency.
The students who came to take part in this exam today, thanked Star Cement for conducting such a test which is also a training for them to be confident. ) to appear in any of their exams in the future.
A powerful and influential organization or group is also a temptation to many.
Speaking on behalf of the 5 recipients, he encouraged them not to stop here but to think farther so that their goals in life will be achieved. long and bright.
Shillong, Lber 29 : The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has demanded that the state government should issue a white paper on its arrangements and approvals to reach the border and sign the agreement. said the President of the committee, Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit, in a statement.
Love yourself first and respect others is a profound and meaningful saying especially for the Khasi Khara as a nation – which needs to be thought about, questioned and developed according to the needs of the future. especially for the sake of the Jaidbynriew to survive and remain in the name or reputation here on earth.
According to police sources, some people from Meghalaya held a rally on Friday at a private school in Bhalukmari. residents of Assam and Meghalaya.
As is known, it is said that the ability to practice Yoga contributes to the functioning of all the organs in the human body.
Thus, the total number of players that the DFSNZ has completed for the year to 30th July 2022 is about 50%.
It is worth mentioning that in the past few months, the government has selected the site of the TB hospital to relocate the Harijans, but due to strong opposition from the village authorities, the government has chosen to relocate the Harijans. I decided not to stop and look for another place.
In a meeting with the elders of the area, she promised to cooperate with the residents for the provision of electricity and mobile phone lines by installing towers in the border area.
Such thefts by robbers in Nongstoiñ are not new but have happened from time to time, until sometimes there have been injuries to the shopkeepers.
The actress also praised Alia at the Met Gala and said that she has brought glory to the country.
On the 10th of June, the union had met with the DC of West Jaintia Hills District and the CEM of JHADC to seek clarification and monitoring on the progress of the mynder. Comprehensive Mechanism.
For a while, there was also a heated clash between the taxi drivers and the Magistrates.
For Women (Open Category) 1st – Dateibankynmaw Marwein (Mawlangwir), 2nd – Kyntiewmon Marwein (Mawlangwir), 3rd – Balarisha Thyrniang (Langkyrding Mihngi) The prizes were awarded at the Basketball Court, Kong Polo Shillong. Nongbri, Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Bah M. Tongper, Director of NYK Bah Inkhunguang Panmei, DSO Daniel Dann. , Youth Coordinator of NYK, Shillong Bah D.Rapsang and others.
Earlier, the Rangbah said that the request they gave for the Jaidbynriew is how to manage the household in a self-sufficient manner so that the Jaidbynriew can flourish through the welfare of the families. therefore.
The celebration was attended by the trainees and staff of the Institute.
God would empower those Two to prophesy to Israel because of their unbelief from the beginning of their Messiah who was Jesus Christ.
Fabian Lyngdoh, brother of Constantine, wrote on his Facebook page that the former MLA died at 2 pm while undergoing treatment at the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
Tura, July 15: The preparations for the start of the Meghalaya Games this year are in full swing.
“It’s the wrong thing to do, although there is a way for them to do that.
Zenith said the Mudra loan will be of benefit to the people especially to the rural areas to get loans from banks to set up their businesses especially to the youth.
The union found that all the dumpers of Assam, carry more than 12 MT of coal according to the permit they have received, but they carry overload and at the same time. time also without covering the goods.
Jobs in the tourism industry are a source of employment for our people in Meghalaya.
After receiving information that the employees of a workplace known as Windermere Resort in Umpling do not have proper documents, HYC members went to the site.
In Umiam, there was no rainfall.
Shillong, Naiwieng 8: The Dorbar u Syiem Khyrim Hima has sent a request to the 14 civil society groups who are continuing their protests to consider the Pomblang Day which the Hima has scheduled to hold from From the 9th to the 16th of this month, the Pomblang Festival, Hima Khyrim in Smit will be held from the 13th and 14th of this month.
“In 2019, the department has announced that there are 7.5 crore drug users in our country and 2.5 lakh are from Meghalaya,” said Bishnoi.
Finally, the Waheh Chnongs of Iooksi Saphai area, also wished Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit a healthy body and also to all the people of Bri U Hynniewtrep. The nation will succeed one day with the presence of God as a nation.
She said that out of these, only 12 (from the group 1995-96 to 2017-18) have come to work in government health centers while 147 have refused to come.
Shillong: The Arts and Culture Department and the Tourism Department have received information that there is a market in Nongkseh Upper Shillong village which is also owned by the Thangkhiew clan. The Minister of Tourism and Arts and Culture, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Chairman of MTDC, Bah Sanbor Shullai, Rangbah Shnong, Bah A Thangkhiew, visited the market. marketed through the presence of Mawbynna.
The Speaker is currently in Kevadiya, Gujarat, where he is attending the Presiding Officers' meeting, which started today.
He said that sports not only helps the health, but also helps to improve the mind and the students who practice sports are free from confusion.
The Government of Assam in 1951 issued an order accepting the recommendation of the Commission under Notification No.TAD/R/31/50/148 dated 13.4.1 R/31/50/149 and declare the boundary of Mikirs Hills according to the Assam Govt.
Shillong: South Garo Hills Police together with SF-10 Police today raided Bolbokgre village in South Garo Hills.
There is no suspicion that the death was caused by African Swine Fever (ASF).
He said that the youth of Mawkyrwat should be an example for other neighboring villages although it is a small village in the district but many prominent people in the Khadar administration, various officers who have been involved in the district. It is clear from this village that more and more young, intelligent and intelligent people will emerge from this village.
On the other hand, Bah Joe Marwein, President of the FKJGP Central Body, said that various political parties in their meeting with Mukul Sangma on the 29th of this month to discuss the ILP, He said that on the day convened by the Prime Minister, the parties will discuss only the ILP, not other issues of the Mynder.
“This Dkhar also came to ask for forgiveness from the gym for some reason,” he said. “This Dkhar also came to ask for forgiveness from the gym for some reason. "You're wrong," said the man.
Shillong, Nailar 16: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday announced that on the 21st of On the 1st of this month, she will sit in front of the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma.
However, the owner of the building, Deoris Marbaniang, lodged a complaint with the High Court and admitted that the shop falls under the jurisdiction of the Municipal and is not the shop of these shopkeepers. foreigners but it is my shop, while these foreigners are only my employees.
The SPC also demands an explanation and an apology and the SPC will take other measures.
In his speech, the Minister said that this person who has done things that have caused coldness in the society and who no longer has a spirit of compassion or rain is defeated.
The weather has changed and many niamtra trees have died of disease or tram.
Tiwari said the smaller states may not need the presence of ECI officials except the larger states especially those which have to hold MLA and Lok Sabha elections at the same time.
Among these changes, one of the most terrible changes is the unemployment of educated youth.
Nongstoiñ: The stingy counting and inability to prevent foreigners from smuggling illegal trade in Shallang West Khasi Hills District, has severely affected the trade of the villagers. This was announced by the speakers at the meeting of the JAC Shallang held on Saturday last month at Shallang.
On the occasion, the Minister of State, Ma Kyrmen Shylla, had the opportunity to meet with the children who came to take part in the cricket training programme. Ma Kyrmen Shylla, has expressed his gratitude to the RBDCA office bearers for their initiative to organize such a training programme. He also congratulated the teachers appointed by the BCCI for their hard work in teaching these children. the state will take cricket as one of the sports to provide employment.
On the occasion, the Minister of State, Ma Kyrmen Shylla, had the opportunity to meet with the children who came to take part in the cricket training programme. Ma Kyrmen Shylla, has expressed his gratitude to the RBDCA office bearers for their initiative to organize such a training programme. He also congratulated the teachers appointed by the BCCI for their hard work in teaching these children. the state will take cricket as one of the sports to provide employment.
Over the next few years he prospered in the United States as well.
She said that this information to the public is not a ban or a ban on the bill of anyone but because the government has the right to inform the public.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, AT Mondal, today said that the government has allocated T.95 crore for the construction of a new Legislative Assembly at Mawdiangdiang on an area of ​​80 acres. .
“School children are the future and heirs of the nation, therefore, education is required so that they can lead the nation,” said Bah Metbah in a statement to the students. school today.
(2) In Nongstoin constituency, the sitting MDC of the Congress from that constituency shall replace the sitting MLA of the NPP from that constituency.
According to sources, as the CMJ Foundation has appealed earlier to the Supreme Court, it is not right for the High Court to accept without the order of the Supreme Court. the Supreme Court of the country.
The third match will be played on the 6th where the winner of the qualifier will face the winner of the eliminator at 1 pm.
They sprinkled the blood of the animal on the 'ladew' or 'slakait' and then threw it into the river.
Therefore, the financial needs of the people around the country are unknown, especially when they see the number of tourists increasing around the country; Vehicles from Assam enter and leave without any checking, vehicles carrying patients to NEIGRIHMS without stopping every morning.
Iapmala Utd beat Dienshalu SC 1-0. Arly Lamo scored the first goal in the 7th minute.
These nutrients are rich in protein, fiber, vitamins, and other nutrients.
The HNLC said that the bloodshed for the border is not from other countries or states, but first from the border with Garo and West Khasi Hills will become a battlefield. Thirty because now bun that the bag has been robbed jar jar jar that Garo.
Umden SC won a cash prize of T.20,000 and a trophy while Umshaken SC won a cash prize of T.10,000 and a trophy. , along with other personal awards.
“If during the rainy season we wear old clothes and during the festival we wear new clothes, why don't we cover their heads when the air is dirty? “Varanasi is a place of worship.
Pangniang said the KHADC has suspended the work of the Panchayat Committee and will send a letter to all government offices not to accept any more letters received from the Panchayat Committee.
The Archbishop is also a man who spends time in prayer and reading the Word of God.
Pyndaplin said that they took the sohsaw from the jhur store and put it in the cupboard in the living room. She said that they did not announce it at all. and this strange thing happened in their house.
Shillong: The entry and exit point at Umling was opened today.
The police will not forgive them but will investigate until they are arrested.
“We call upon the people to work together to eradicate corruption and the Government's ignoring the demands of the workers,” said Angela Rngad.
They also attended the CEC meeting of the party on the same day.
The Dorbar Shnong Lawsohtun has immediately convened a meeting with all the members of the EC to discuss and find out the facts on this incident and on the allegations made by the brother of the victim. Social media reports said that the suspects were from Lawsohtun.
The development of trade routes with Bangladesh will further strengthen relations between the two countries.
Noting that the Minister had received false information that the Chairperson had missed 3 out of 4 meetings of the Commission, the statement said that in fact, all the meetings of the MSCW were conducted by the Chairperson and the minutes of the meetings and all records relating to these shall be kept at the office of the Commission.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The Director General of Police (DGP) Dr. LR Bishnoi today said that the recruitment of the police department will be completed soon after the department has handed over the Roster to the State Department of Home Affairs.
Happiness will also be for the parents who have received a new child.
BM Lanong GBS (Bah Bung) has launched this mid-term bye-election, as a bye-bye to the incumbent MLA of Ranikor Constituency (RK), Mr. MM Danggo for his election. Speaking at a public meeting in Ngunraw, Bah Tunia translated the English word 'Sacrifice' into Khasi, which Danggo said came from the Congress to join the NPP, to sacrifice for the good of the people.
This also prevents smugglers and robbers from hoarding food items with the intention of increasing their prices.
Sainkupar Nongtraw also admitted that all the workers in these factories are foreigners and this has deprived the villagers of the area of ​​their livelihood.
Meghalaya beat Punjab 1-0 in the final to win the gold medal.
The House also passed the Appointment, Salary, Allowances and Miscellaneous Provision (Amendment) Bill,
It is also the time for the people not to believe in the agents of the MLAs who are selfish, while the people are being thrown away during the elections.
Those who cannot donate blood, Dr. Ainam said that those who have headache, rheumatism or fever, those who take anti-biotics, those who have infectious diseases, those who Those who have undergone surgery or injection, those who have been vaccinated within 24 hours, those who are pregnant or have just had a baby and those who have tattoos on their bodies cannot donate blood.
Because without studying properly it won’t fit.
The NESO has demanded that the government should withdraw the AFSPA from the region.
The incident started when reports spread that Bah Lapang had sold the land without consulting the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong.
Iraqi troops have advanced in eastern Iraq in recent months, defeating ISIS militants. However, Tikrit is said to be the capital. , very difficult, that they fight.
He added that the government is concerned for the people of Sohra and East Khasi Hills District, and said that the government wants the best for them.
Many fans of Kanye have wondered how Kim and Kanye named their son after a quote from the book and perhaps they understand the importance of the name and what meaning, behind the title.
The Minister said that the government has taken all the necessary measures to restore peace and order in the state.
East Jaintia Hills is a district adjacent to the Barak Valley of Assam and is also used as a road to Mizoram and Tripura.
The five award winners are Toshanbor Singh Nongbet (Arts & Crafts), Mikhail Marak (Community-Peace and Harmony), Davida Paswett (Community-Leadership), Light After Dark (Differently Abled), San Shnong Youth Welfare Organization (Organization-Youth Based), Eugene Niangti (Entrepreneur-Services), Tinash Ch Momin (Entrepreneur-Farm), and K.Wallambok Lyngdoh (Adventure Sports).
The Apex Council of the BCCI on Thursday approved the participation of the men's and women's cricket teams for the Asian Games to be held in Hangzhou in November-March this year.
“To achieve this, we will launch the Family ID Programme, where all residents and households in the State will register themselves.
Ardent said the people who smuggled into the forest are farmers, who use it to build shops, houses and others.
He said that if the government gives land to the Harijans, it should give first to the poor who are indigenous workers.
For the construction of roads to connect the villages from the existing PWD road, it will start from the residence of Dr. Merybell Marbaniang to the residence of Bah Rolet Rynjah and others. at Laban Square, Shillong at a cost of more than T.1 crore.
Shillong, Lber 22 : The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has issued the No Objection Certificate (NOC) for the construction of the Tetelia-Byrnihat railway line.
According to the MLA, he lodged a complaint because they came to apply for the MLA scheme only because he was insulted by the people who fought against him in the election who wanted to make fun of him. there are many schemes to offer to the public.
The Mawlai MLA invited those youths who want clarification on the VAB to meet him. “I am ready to explain to them, I am ready to talk to anyone if it is about I will speak inside the District Council because the people of Mawlai have sent me to speak inside the District Council and not outside it,” said Process T Sawkmie in a statement.
He said that the demand of the people of Khasi Jaintia to implement the Roster System in the recruitment process has increasingly stirred up the Garo people.
Program Manager MCSWA TI CC Khliehriat gave a training on the importance of 'A Drug Free Society'
He said the opposition has decided to write to the Governor and the state government soon to take steps to address this issue.
Who doesn't remember that the children who eat from their parents are given eitmuid, milk and acid, and cobra's head?
By including eggs in the day meal, the government has planned to fight hard on food security for children.
On the BJP's defeat in the last elections, Shashi Tharoor, one of the Congress MPs, has a good answer.
How many MDCs are Waheh Chnongs?
Nongstoiñ MLA-with-DC-Lyngwa-lem-and-land-owners-at-the-foundation-opening-meeting: RupangKa kong R Khongwang, DSEO Nongstoiñ explained that the EMRS is a scheme from the Central Government, overseen by the Ministry of Tribal Affairs which aims to provide special education for the ST. ) residing in India and the Ministry also plans to build such schools in all 36 Block of Meghalaya with a population of 20,000 residents.
Shillong: The All Meghalaya Contractors and Suppliers Association (ACA) has met with the Minister of Labour, Bah Sanbor Shullai on 07th July 2021 to discuss the Employee's Provident Fund Organization (EMPLO) and the Meghalaya Labor Law (Amendment). Act 2020, in which the EPFO ​​has tried to approach various departments of the State Government to force the contractors to register their employees with the Employee's Provident Fund, but the The EPFO ​​Act 1952 is a special Act for Companies, Factories, Large Firms which have long term and monthly salaried employees as well as those who there is work almost all year round.
Maleeka Bokhari, in a press conference in Islamabad on the same day, said she strongly condemns the violence and lawlessness of PTI supporters as seen in what happened in Islamabad. 9th January and it is also uncomfortable no matter how much the supporters love and support Imran Khan.
In fact, Ghana is the strongest team this year, and in the match against Korea on 28 November they scored three goals but on this day they did not score a single goal against Korea. Uruguay.
“If we get the opportunity to contest the last election, I have no doubt that we will win from this constituency and the victory of the UDP candidate is not because the people love the UDP but because they want to win. defeat the NPP,” he said.
According to sources, the Congress leader from Delhi, V. Naraya Nasamy, who is in charge of the state, will visit Shillong in the next few days to resolve the issues. He said that the visit of the Congress leader will not be just a talk, but a demonstration of the strength of those who support Mukul Sangma and those who oppose Mukul Sangma. Dr. Mukul Sangma will be appointed as the leader of the party.
All these families come to the river to wash their clothes.
“Besides, I have also requested that since many schools belong to churches, the students can be encouraged to take an oath every day that they will not involve themselves or participate in activities that could lead to churches. drug addiction," he added.
“What brings peace to a person and the work from the beginning cannot be perfect but as you work it becomes more beneficial and explains to become more and more powerful to the limit of being able to fill the household. ".
While the diners tried to fight against the incident, they were also shot dead.
For employees, the recruitment should be in accordance with the Model Cadre Recruitment Rules of UGC which includes from Registrar to Hostel Attendant.
She said that through the RTI it is clear that many of the schemes that have come to this village have been lost. The account of the employees was T.6,29,280, the materials were T.1,94,200 and the money was T.2,25,7
The players of the A'gitok clan and the girls of the Mrong clan are the two teams that have won the title this year of one of the football tournaments of all the clans of the country. The 1st Women's and 3rd Men's Inter Mahari 2023 will be held in Garo Hills.
The meeting, organized by the KSU Girls Wing, was attended by students of schools in the area, members of KSU WKHD and others.
“On the other hand, Bah Dkhar has assured the people to bring back the lost land given to Assam.
We will arrange for you to come later.
2) Those who take medicine from doctors in Shillong have suffered:- In the countryside there are many people with diabetes, BP, Thyroid, Fybroid. The doctors instructed them not to stop or change the medications themselves.
There will be 383 rounds of voting, nine rounds for the largest AC Mawlai in East Khasi Hills and four rounds for the smallest AC Dalu in West Garo Hills.
It is on this basis that the MFA has decided to hold the MSL again in order to open the door for the best teams organized by various sports associations who have joined the MFA to participate this year. .
The opening hours of these shops are from 9.00 am to 4.00 pm and they have been required to strictly observe the COVID-19 rules including social distancing and hand washing.
The Eucharistic Procession will begin at about 10:30 pm.
This is a good sign and we are very happy to see that the people have come out to cast their votes in this election,” he said.
On this day, we expect that there will be no traffic for about five hours but after the bridge is put back in place, we will allow vehicles like ambulances and small vehicles”.
Shillong, March 26: U Revd.W.Warbah, one of the Archbishops of the Presbyterian Church in Khasi Jaintia Hills, was buried today at the Presbyterian Church in Thangsning, Lum Rapleng Presbytery, KJP Central Synod. .
The program was concluded with a welcome speech by Bah Mutlang Kharduit, Treasurer of the Seng Samla.
The strongest turnout was at Mawliehbah Mawnar polling station with a turnout of 88.01% while the lowest turnout was at Mawkynbat polling station with a turnout of 88.01%. 43.60% while in other polls the turnout was from 70% to 80%.
Regarding the fourth package, the State Government and NHIDCL said that it cannot be postponed even if there is a demand from the residents of Mawshun and others.
In fact, any law especially passed by the Nongmikhmat to the District Council is for the welfare and protection of the people but these amendments make us call you, because the related to the Kur.
The 31st of July was also the day when the protest started from Metor and spread to Motphran and the unlimited protest lasted for about five days.
now pat ud...I don't know what happened.
Without these rules, the Under Graduate examinations for the 1st Semester according to the NEP cannot be held,” he said.
The relatives of these men said that they will leave Patna today and arrive in Shillong on 12th June
Two players from West Jaintia Hills District have been selected for the training camp of the Indian Super League, Bengaluru Football Club.
In Ribhoi, seven cases have been confirmed from soldiers, one employee of GMJ Breweries and 12 cases from CMJ Breweries in Byrnihat. don at Robert Hospital.
On the women's side, Rinalgi Ingti (1.55 M) won the gold and silver medals. and Andrisha Klien (1.45M), Roshni Ch Marak (Williams) won the bronze medal.
But righteousness shall flow like a river..." (Amos 5:21-24).
The border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam for the seven areas in the middle of the border dispute has been a source of great concern for the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam.
Unfortunately, incumbents also remain silent through their term.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Police today warned against spreading rumors about the corona virus through social media.
The song was sung by Elfiba Syiemlieh and Dareen G Marweiñ, while the lyrics were translated into English by Sir Damian J Jyrwa.
Today, it was found that the longkmie around the villages whose rice fields are ready for harvesting, with joy and excitement have left their homes and happy to harvest rice in their fields. their fields.
At the end of the meeting, two friendly matches were played between the members of the East Jaintia Football Association against the team with the participation of the leaders of the East Jaintia Football Association. Shillong Lajong Sport Club against Super Division Champion EJFA (Rymbai Yawpynsing).
All three goals (including both teams) came in the first half, when Assam took the lead through Milan Basumatary after eight minutes.
Furthermore, other states are still afraid to come to Meghalaya, since the killing of residents of the state in Mukroh by the Assam Police. and there shall be no peace.
Therefore, the KSU demands that the Central Agricultural University of Manipur, which is still under the jurisdiction of Manipur, has caused a lot of loss to the students and farmers. “It should be under the responsibility of the Meghalaya government,” he added.
After the seizure of 100 liters of illegal liquor, the HNYF Northern Region leaders handed over the liquor to the Nongpoh Police station for further investigation. to do everything necessary.
The theme of this year's Shad Sukra is “Time has changed and changed, when we have knowledge and appreciation” and the Shad Sukra was organized by the Arts & Culture Committee of the Seiñ Raij Jowai.
Leaders must have a spirit of struggle and lead without fear if they fight for righteousness and truth and other good qualities in their souls.
“The party's nomination of candidates will be fair and should not nominate too many candidates. The party has thought carefully because after 50 years the party should win. “The party has won well in the first year and now it will be the beginning of strengthening the party and we will put candidates only in Khasi Jaintia except Garo Hills,” said Bah KP Panngiang.
Samson Suting, President Pynursla Circle gave a keynote address on the journey of Grace M.Kharpuri to join the party.
The Joint Inquiry of the two districts began on 17th February 1958 at Umbasoo and ended on 23rd February 1958 at Jrikyndeng.
Singh has been the Chief Secretary of Bihar since 28th June
Jowai, July 25: The Election Commission of India (ECI) today celebrated the National Voters Day at the DC Conference Hall Jowai with the participation of political party leaders. The meeting was attended by the youth who have just registered themselves as well as the District Heads including the DC, ADC, EAC and government officials from various departments.
The Ministry of Arts and Culture, Government of Meghalaya through Bah FR Kharkongor, Commissioner and Secretary, on Tuesday said that through the empowerment under Section 3 (1) (2) of the Meghalaya Heritage Act The proposal to declare two archaeological sites in East Khasi Hills as sites for special protection.
“The Government should estimate how many pyrtons are needed for the security forces to immediately stop the illegal mining of coal by liewkhnai and not by modern scientific forces, and the smuggling of coal,” said the order. The Division Bench while hearing the PIL. These details should be prepared by Justice Katakey as the government has not taken any action to monitor and fight against this illegal mining and quarrying of coal. The Deputy Solicitor General said that the duty of the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) is to guard any buildings and structures. you shall not do the work of the police.
Bah Balajied urged the people to support him and said that he will not make promises to anyone but will strive to fulfill the tasks left by his father and when he wins he will work with all the people for the development of the entire area.
However, we cannot blame the children of today for falling into this easy life style. All the blame goes to the parents who raise them and their children. who cannot keep track of their daily walk.
Fridian Myrsing, 2021, has been arrested in connection with the incident at Mawtari Thaiang village under Umsohlait Police Station. S 380/454 IPC. It is said that the suspect has disappeared from the village since he committed the crime. The Ri Bhoi Police have issued a Look Out Notice to all the Police Stations in the country to assist in the arrest of the deceased. he's a man.
On the other hand, the union expresses its gratitude to the MLA of this area, Bah Jason S Mawlong for his hard work in getting a scheme from the government to repair these two roads leading to Zero Point. The union urges the MLA to talk to the PWD to complete the cleaning of the remaining road.
“If I win and come back to power, I will try to bring a civil sub-division for Sohiong because it has got a block,” said Bah HDR. He said that it was the Congress which gave the district councils in the state, which created the 100 days salary scheme, the Right to Education, the children's allowance scheme, the NHRM, the 108 vehicles and the NFSA. He also accused the BJP-led NDA government of ruling by force and making Christmas Day a working day, declaring Good Friday as Digital Day, banning the consumption of cows, changing money every night until bring death to man.
The Government of Bangladesh has extended the curfew until 25th June 2020 to prevent the spread of the disease.
It was further reported that US troops have stormed Taliban camps to destroy the camps of these militants; However, the problem is that the US will leave the country before 31st July 2021 and therefore there is a sense of uncertainty about what will happen in the coming months.
Hazare did not set a date for his protest in Delhi.
The Forum said that the Supreme Court has authorized in its order dated 21st November, 2016 to allow the transportation of coal from 1st March, 2016 to 31st July, They said that they do not have the right to do so as authorized by the Supreme Court.
On July 7, two Border Guard Bangladesh (BGB) troops entered the Indian border and reached the village at Rongara Imbloka (Waek) in Garo Hills, to arrest the smugglers, who have fled to the area, which has caused a clash after they tried to interrogate the residents of this village.
What difference does it make if they do it without judging or demeaning others?
The 2023-24 Football Invitation Tournament 2023-24 will continue on Saturday at the Rowell Lyngdoh Stadium in Mawlangwir.
If the government does not take the lead, it will be difficult for the people to start.
When some of them returned from inside the Sadar police station after a meeting with police officials, it was reported that it was true that the police had arrested the five.
Of these, 199 students are from Agriculture and Forestry University, 97 from Tribhuvan University and 49 from Far-Western University.
The parents of Jopborlin Lyngkhoi, 13, were not present at the time of the fire but they had only three children including the brother of Jopborlin Lyngkhoi, 13 years old, Nashafy Lyngkhoi. years and Mebapyntngen Lyngkhoi, 1 year and 7 months.
These include 128 SMB employees and 56 employees working in other Government Departments.
Don't have a flat in India.
Not only that, there are also parents who have complained about the price of these books and school supplies sold in those schools especially when they find that the price has changed compared to the price of these books and school supplies. one that is sold in the market.
The program was conducted by the Assistant Director, Horticulture Department, Bah SR Mulieh.
officers etc. building government buildings.
The festival was inaugurated by Bah Gershome Hat, Journalist as the chief guest in the presence of Secretary of Umkremdykhong Village, Bah Synsharlang Sangkli, elders of Basan Bah B Doloi, Bah P Hat, Head Mistress Nongrim Jirang Secondary School. School Kong E Doloi, teachers Bah D Rani and R Rani, students and parents of students who came to encourage their children.
The ability to transmit 112 GW of electricity from one part of the country to another, compared to only 36 GW in 2014, has transformed India into a country with a single, orderly electricity market. electricity distribution companies to purchase electricity from any electricity generating company across the country at low prices.
Jait Dao Sumer, who was accompanied by Oliver Shadap Passah, Anthony Challam, Wombai Sumer, Oliver Shadap Passah, Anthony Challam, Wombai Sumer, Kyllimot Lhuid and Ram Sumer.
Synsar and slatyrpad have been released from the khana and are no longer considered as forest produce but until now we have not seen that the government will help in the price of these crops.
He also reminded everyone that no longer should go to the toilet along the road or without being found, but should have or build their own toilets, in order to avoid any pollution of the environment and to avoid from the diseases that cause all kinds of diseases.
On the other hand, Samla Jayson Lennox Nongrum President of RBCSU said that for 38 years Ri Bhoi College has been serving as a teaching college which is one of the best colleges in Ri Bhoi. The College has not been able to meet the basic needs and especially the welfare of the students.
This order will come into force from 12 noon on 20th October 2020 to 21st October
The meeting was held at Rangblang, Sasniang, South West Khasi Hills District and was attended by Kennes Nonglait, Working President of FKJGP South West Khasi Hills District and Rangbah Shnong of the area Bah G.Iawphniaw. and others.
Nabin said that by 2016, there will be one out of every household who will have money in banks and the RBI has directed all banks to encourage the public to deposit money in the Bank.
He also urged the students to take part in Track and Field sports and encouraged them to continue to work hard in the future.
On the other hand, the union has warned that it will issue a notice from the lawyer if it receives information from any managing committee, which is still collecting salaries and that they will have to return even the salaries. EG War Organizing and Publicity Secretary MUPSTA State Level.
It is to be recalled that all the candidates for the mid-term election to the KHADC from Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency are four candidates including Morningstar Tympuin from UDP, K. Marbaniang from Congress; D.Pariong of the BJP and World Champion Paliar of the HSPDP. He is also the first candidate to file his nomination paper before the Returning Officer.
NEW DELHI: There have been 3,26,098 new cases of coronavirus in India, bringing the total number of cases in India to 2,43,72,9
Shillong, March 3: The anger of the 100 days workers of Horipur village in Selsella C&RD Block, West Garo Hills has reached the point where they have burnt their job cards. This is the second time that the election for the re-election of VEC office bearers in the village has failed.
Tura, Naitung 4 : Four persons have been arrested by the Phulbari Police Station for allegedly kidnapping a mother and child from Rongkhon Bazaar to Dhubri, Assam.
Other biscuit farmers around the area recalled that last year, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, while speaking at a meeting convened by the farmers in Nongkasen, promised to create opportunities for the biscuit farmers. They have been able to export biscuits to the markets in Bangladesh and it has pleased the farmers, but it has not yet succeeded.
After giving birth to her daughter, who weighs 7 kilograms, the mother said she had a mini sumo wrestler.
Furthermore, the ICYM will also select talented players for friendly matches with prominent clubs in the state and urged all Catholic youths who have the talent and desire to improve in sports not to miss this opportunity. golden mist.
After Sputnik's turn, the team managed to score in 23 overs for the loss of 7 wickets.
If we are affected by this drug, it will be a serious threat to our Ri War area,” said Bah Edmund.
On this occasion, AITC MLA HM Shangpliang said that according to information received from the farmers, the shortage of cows in the state has increased the price of cows in the state. state.
He said that last year he started to introduce martial arts since the outbreak of COVID-19 around the world.
Elias Lyngdoh, Secretary of Umsehkhlieng Village, said that there are three electricity posts in the village which have been damaged and have been forcibly erected by the people.
“Do you want our Sohiong people to vote for you?
The Government and beneficiaries and groups of private individuals from within and outside the State have the right to acquire and purchase land without restriction.
The man asked for the drink saying that he would pay later but due to the refusal of the owner of the shop, the man stabbed the owner with a snepkor.
In a statement, the family members of Cicilia Pariong expressed their gratitude to the KSU, FKJGP, West Khasi Hills, Mawthadraishan Circle and Women's Wing. of CSWO Shillong and Nongstoin, Child Protection, Child Line, Social Welfare, Sordars of 40 villages from Kinshi to Markasa Area.
“There are many ways for the state government to collect revenue and If the central government imposes a 19% tax, it is the duty of the state government to collect taxes in a manner that does not affect the people of the state”.
The Church invites all the members to attend this service on the Lord's Day.
He said that the Minister in charge of Law, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh has already met with the VPP leaders who want to meet with the Prime Minister to discuss the issue. he has shown that he is ready to meet them.
The order of the District Magistrate has banned the entry and exit of these areas which have been declared Micro Containment until further notice.
In fact, spending time in nature is known to provide many benefits for the mental and physical health of humans.
The Little Angels School has suspended St. Xavier's School for the first time.
“When asked whether the Government will create other opportunities for the people who earn their living from the quarrying industry, the Minister said, “Once the investigation is completed, they will know these opportunities. ways to act on this.
It is difficult to see that if the father is a drunkard, the family will be in peace, it will always be in trouble.
After receiving the members of the 1st Legislative Assembly, it was the turn of the political parties to form a new Government.
Police sources said that they had ordered the suspects not to flee and to surrender but at that time they opened fire on the police and a shootout broke out. They lasted for about 4 minutes and in the fighting their leader fell dead.
He said that his victory as the leader of the country is due to the fact that he was elected as the leader of the BJP youth, then as the MLA of Gujarat and so on as the Prime Minister. which you have now.
Dawki: It is very sad to see the suffering of the residents of the villages living on the border with Bangladesh, where it has been seen that these people living in these villages, besides being already They have been living on the border and can cause trouble at any time, but they are facing difficulties due to the lack of roads, electricity and other needs of the people.
A person's name and reputation spreads widely to be an example to others.
Pyndap Syngkrem, one of the managers of a home stay, said that there are three home stays in the village and at least three days a month people use these houses.
The union suggests to the KHADC as the supervisor of the Syiem/Sirdar authorities and the villages to urgently meet with the authorities whether in Nongstoin or Mawshynrut or anywhere else to know the condition of the land in the area. border with the state of Assam.
Applicants can go to it.
He said that there is no plan to open casinos in the city or near any other major city in the state.
and he shall sow as much as he will in the land which is not worthy of ei ei.
Speaking to Rupang, Han Khongtani said he was appointed in the presence of MPCC President DD Lapang, Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Kennedy Khyriem and MPCC Working President James Lyngdoh. The Congress has dissolved the Congress party of Prestone Tynsong and another party has taken over the leadership.
When they reached a remote place, Tangmar stopped the boat.
Brazil came second with 9,78,142 cases, followed by Russia with 5,60,321 cases. 3,80,946 cases in the UK and 3,01,935 cases in the UK.
“It’s a lot harder to eat food too and that has affected the recovery a lot.
Of the districts, Eastern West Khasi Hills had the highest pass percentage with 92.32%, followed by East Khasi Hills with 89.96%.
“You should remember that the Sengbhalang has marched to the Secretariat, because there has been no action from the government authorities, even after the ILP has been passed in ".
The BM of the bank, Bah Syrpailut Khonglam, is from Laittyra village near Sohra and the robbers did not take anything from his house.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Wanphrang Syiem, the suspended Sirdar of the KHADC, said that this action of the KHADC has surprised him as the Sirdar of the Nongpoh Sirdarship. The reason for the suspension of the Sirdar is not known.
“You have seen the Government, which is willing to prosecute children and young people of school age, have been prosecuted under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act, a law which specifically target terrorists and members of outlawed organizations," he said.
Noting that the behavior of Times Now is no longer surprising, he questioned how those journalists are unnecessary or unqualified to be journalists because instead of investigating. the truth is that the news is published only from one side.
According to the relevant authorities, this implementation will not only help in employment opportunities or reduce the migration of people abroad but will also help in establishing a relationship in terms of the problems faced by the shortage of food in the area.
He said that if we wait until the implementation of the new Sixth Scheduled Amendment, it will reduce the cost two or three times because of the division of new constituencies.
Speaking to media, Bah Pringstar Nongrang, who was robbed, said that the incident happened when they reached the opposite side of Marten in Mawïong. Pringstar Nongrang demanded about T.30,0
Suman is the middle child and lives in Kench Trace, Shillong.
Dr. Henry Lamin Pro-Vice Chancellor, NEHU was the chief guest on the occasion. Parish Priest of Laitkor, Moses Lyngdoh, Advisor of Sein Raij Diengshynrung, Bah SK Sun, Advisor of Seng Khihlang, Pastor of Church of God (Meghalaya & Assam) and Rev.SS Majaw of Presbyterian Church. Moderator of KJP Assembly, Rev. WC Khongwir, Chairman of SELDD and other pastors and elders.
This will be the second time this month, and I would like to remind you once again that on the 4th of November, the same club has signed one of the young players. Lamang Kynsai Kharbuli, 14 years old, who is studying in Class 9 at Kelian Memorial School Malki, Lawsohtun Block, has been arrested. -5 who is also a signed goalkeeper for the club.
“I don't want to sleep either,” said Rangsan with a smile.
It is also wrong to view coke factories as bad or as doing only bad things.
The match will be played between Riatsamthiah SC and Umsohsun SC at the 3rd Ground, MFA Turf Polo, Shillong at 3 pm today.
President, Daplincy Lyngdoh Nonglait,
He often says, “Family, be as you should be!” The Church Rympei in Society: The family also has responsibilities to recognize its relationship with other people in society the community.
Shillong: The ACHIK has been on strike for three days to demand a city in Tura and to postpone the implementation of the Roster System and Reservation Policy.
He said the government has the opportunity to reconcile with the groups opposed to the railway line, because if they use force, it will not lead to anything, but will bring worse.
In many of its activities to promote the economy, law and order especially in the rural areas, the Seng meets with the people from time to time and has heard many voices. only.
The meeting was attended by the United Christian Peace Forum, Mothers' Union, Garo Baptist Church, Bakdil Society and members of Shalom Meghalaya.
He said the CEC has decided to support the decision taken by the leaders of the UDP and HSPDP at the meeting held on the 7th of this month to cooperate. Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
She said that the heavy rainfall today shows that Sohra has proved this reputation in the world and the State Government has used it as a tool to sell to the world to promote Sohra. the state.
“Only the UDP has requested to support the candidate,” he said.
In this Section, the expression “election-related activity" means any activity intended or intended to affect the outcome of an election4
Out of the 74 municipal boards and committees, the BJP won 30, the Congress 17, the AGP two and the NCP one; “There is a fight between the two parties in four constituencies and no one has won the majority in 10 constituencies,” he said.
The unemployment rate in Meghalaya is 1.5 per cent, Nagaland 21.4 per cent, Arunachal Pradesh 5.9 per cent, Assam 8.1 per cent, Manipur 11.6 per cent, Mizoram 10.1 per cent, Tripura 6.8 per cent and Sikkim 3.5 per cent.
The RBYF leaders also urged the PWD department, the leaders and even the government to take measures to improve the road. It is a blessing to the students as well as to the community, they added.
Nongpoh: The Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh, today informed the public that the Nongpoh Area Maxi Cab Owners' and Drivers' Association (MMAA) has increased the fare for Sumo from Nongpoh to Shillong, which is a distance of 53 km. KM and that will be increased to T.90 per sumo rider, while from Umsning to Shillong which is 31 KM will be charged T.70 per sumo rider and this will come into effect from the 1st of next month.
If anyone has taken too much money or has not received their goods, they can complain to the office of the S.D.O.(Supply) by writing clearly their name and village so that At the same time, you can lodge a complaint with the following numbers: 9436110184/8731025753 or Email: sdo_amlarem@outlook.com.
Bantei Iakai scored in the 1st minute, Sanki and Oo Law in the 35th minute, Defender Sutnga in the 41st and 46th minutes and Tympang Tangliang in the 90+ minute. 3.
– “My eyes will be open toward this house day and night, toward the place of which you have said that you would put your name there.2 Chronicles 6:2
In a statement, Hari Singh Kang, Central Committee Office, said that SR Sen has lost confidence to be a judge of the High Court.
Nongpoh, July 13: The Ri Bhoi Youth Welfare Organization (RBYWO) today launched a campaign against illegal logging factories in Ri Bhoi District, especially in Umiam and Byrnihat areas. Deputy Commissioner Dr. Pooja Pandey, along with a letter to inform about the growth of illegal logging factories.
Unemployment in the state is high, he said, as according to the estimates, there are up to 70,000 unemployed youth in the state and as the years go by, this is increasing due to the population.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong Isawanda Laloo, in a letter sent to Rev. Joby Joseph Manja Kattil, St. Anthony's College Shillong, on Tuesday expressed her special gratitude to the He said that the Mama Margret Hostel has been converted into a post Covid 19 facility.
Its mission is to help people whether individuals, villages or schools, organizations or any group to grow and not to waste public money.
“We have started talks once with the top ranks of the HNLC leaders. We have requested that in the next talks, the top leaders of the party should come, and we are ready to discuss any issue. to bring," said the Principal Secretary in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs.
These discouraging words should never have come out of the mouths of our parents.
On the need to increase the number of Rehabilitation Centres, the Minister said that the Social Welfare Department has allocated funds and supported 11 de-addiction centres, adding that there is also a proposal to set up four new centres.
These children are 8 and 12 years old.
The GVK Emergency Management and Research Institute (EMRI) has been the first to introduce ambulance services by traveling around the country to transport the sick and those in urgent need of treatment.
In the men's double, Pratham Majumdar and Raynell Kharbuki (EKH) won the title.
“If the surrender is personal, we want to know what strategy the government is using because we want the party to be dissolved and if it is in this form, we accept and appreciate it. “It's the government,” she said.
Wan Mathematics on permutation and combination.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, extended his special thanks to the Deputy Commissioner, the government officials of the district education department, the Principals, Head Masters and all the teachers and He said that teachers play an important role in the society and in the country as a whole. They are also hardworking physically and mentally.
Just to let you know here that this is not the case.
Mawlai residents yesterday held a protest against six tyngshops in Mawlai to protest against the government's failure to respond to the demand for the temporary dismissal of police officers. Cherister Field Thangkhiew was shot dead on the 13th of this month.
“Cows and bulls are the friends of our farmers. If agriculture is to be preserved in the country, cows and bulls must be preserved.
He said that on his part, when he was the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, during the tenure of Dr Mukul Sangma, they had considered carefully and it was in July that the “On the invitation of Home Minister Amit Shah to Delhi to Shillong to discuss the ILP issue, I cannot,” he said. I don't know why, but the demand for ILP is a demand that doesn't make sense because even the states that haven't asked for ILP have given it, but our state that hasn't asked for ILP hasn't received it. that not bun church.
Speaking on the occasion, the MLA and MDC of Nongpoh together with other speakers including the Fathers, expressed their happiness to take part in this youth gathering and encouraged them. Such meetings are very important among the youth so that they can discuss many aspects of how to strengthen the youth in the work of God and also from for the sake of society.
Thangkhiew said that he would like to thank the President of the KSU, NKHD, Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni, the President of the FKJGP, Eddie G Kharbani, who have ordered their members to provide assistance. in the time of need.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 803 new cases have been confirmed and there are 7680 active cases in the state.
She said that the party has sent its staff to provide assistance to the people affected by the floods to deliver food items and other necessities.
The Minister said that the distribution of the second phase of the FOCUS plus scheme will be one of the largest programs for the distribution of funds, in which lakhs of farmers will receive. money that will benefit them from the government.
You can't even carry 50 tons.
These teachers, who teach students from Class I to Class VIII, are the candidates for the examination for the year 2014-15 and there are 7,000 of them, according to Niwel. Dkhar, who passed the examination.
1-Siju MDC Kenedick S. Marak said that the party has not yet lodged a complaint with Boston Marak.
On the border of East Khasi Hills, BSF troops seized 61 cows from smuggling near the border fence with Bangladesh.
Shillong, Nailar 04 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD (Roads) Bah Prestone Tynsong on Thursday raised a question on the reason behind the opposition to the Government's decision to allocate land for the relocation of Anjalee Petrol Pump for the construction of a flyover to reduce traffic jam in Shillong.
Of these, 26 are CRPF, 6, BSF, 4 SSB and 4 RPF. “We have ensured that the election will be held in a smooth and peaceful manner,” Tiwari said. .
Certificates and mementos were distributed by members of the YMCA Board to all the participants.
The Principal Secretary, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Sampath Kumar, while praising the conduct of the Master of Public Health (MPH) degree course by IIPH, Shillong, said, “It does not benefit anyone, the people. individuals or groups to transform the future of students (the IIPH) who have the fundamental right to seek education.
Mukul Sangma has sent an affidavit to approve the mining of coal by the MMDC, it has been very pleased to release the mining of coal in the state,” said Prestone. Jemino Mawthoh in Iawmusiang on Monday.
One market day, they decided who would go to the market to buy rice and sugar.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Matsiewdor N War, on Tuesday said that in the last 15 days, there have been 11 wedding ceremonies which have already applied for permission from the DC's office. , but all of these have been sent on hold now for the time being.
SBYWA President and General Secretary Skhembor Shadap and Namphrangmi Talang said that the deterioration of this road has affected the traffic of the residents of the area from Borkhat, Natbor, Pdengwah Khynriam, Kwator, Hingaria and others. other villages.
Speech was also delivered by the General Secretary of KSU Kyrphei Unit.
A small plane crashed in New South Wales, Australia on Thursday, killing the pilot of the plane. along with 3 children who were on board the aircraft that day.
To strengthen the work of the NPP Mawkyrwat Block Committee, a meeting was held to discuss how to run the party's activities and also to give suggestions on how to welcome new members. Explanations by Mr. Hamletson Dohling, Mr. MacMillan Byrsat and Mr. Himalaya Shangpliang.
Each player had to compete four times to qualify for the final and most of the points were awarded by all the judges.
Nongstoin, Nailur 14: Police of Shallang Police Station, this evening, have arrested a man who used to help the Garo GNLA. The arrested man was identified as Bostik M Sangma, 28 years old.
In a statement, the Association through Bah T.Phawa, Secretary, hopes that Kishan will continue to improve in the upcoming tournaments, and at the same time urges the youth of the State to take part. to set an example through him to focus on the game of cricket for those who have the talent.
So far, the state government has sought authority from the High Court on this issue as it has not been able to respond to the request of the High Court after the appeal filed by Bah Madal Sumer.
However, it is clear that the police want to destroy the power of the political parties especially at this time of ILP protests and other protests.
He hoped that with the hard work of the supporters he would achieve his goal and that the next five years would be the five years of peace, development, sustainable income and society. a happy society.
The water from the power house is sent to the fields (known as the tail race) to supply water to the fields for agriculture.
Only for this reason, the wealth of many people has affected the wabun walang.
In this regard, I would like to allege that those involved in this case are the Prime Minister, the Revenue Minister and the Urban Affairs Minister, in which they have conspired to commit this illegal act of stealing. “It's a huge amount of Rs 140 crore for the state, which is probably too much to give to those land owners,” said Dr Mukul.
“According to the OM 10.05.2022, the use of the word 'Local' means those who are permanent residents of that district who have first preference to permanent residence. “The question is whether there will be any who will become permanent residents of Garo, perhaps there may be a few, then who will benefit from this RS,” he said.
Furthermore, the transportation and vehicle fees for the delivery of these goods under these three schemes will be paid by the Government to the wholesalers or dealers as usual from time to time.
The two MDCs have sent a letter to Bah Latiplang Kharkongngor to confirm their support for the new CEM.
He said the team has distributed fire extinguishers to the families to protect themselves in case of fire and has also invited the Fire Service and Emergency Department to provide special training to them. how to use these fire extinguishers.
She said that two proposals have been considered for the construction of this training centre, one is the Private-Public Partnership (PPP) model and the other is to use the available land. don already.
“We will visit the border areas of Block-II on the 29th of November,” said CEM of KHADC Bah Ardent Miller Basa.
On the other hand, KHNAM said that it will conduct a surprise checking at the schools and will lodge a complaint against these schools with the relevant authorities, if no action is taken.
“What good is it to have a good village house, clean roads and various government schemes if our family is very poor,” he said. “To grow and develop, we need to first provide employment from our homes, then we will be able to eradicate poverty and deprivation,” he added.
The discussion on the Roster System has stirred up the Reservation Policy 1972, which has been dormant for nearly 50 years and has become a major issue.
He said this at a public meeting to form the TMC Block at Mawshynrut.
He also promised to investigate until they are arrested.
On the other hand, as requested by the newly elected MLAs, Dr Donkupar said that he will look into this to provide training to the newly elected MLAs. the conduct of the dorbar and the discussion of matters affecting the State.
Police arrested them while they boarded a bus in the area.
The Minister said that T.820 crore has been allocated for the Health sector for the year 2021-2022 which is an increase of 13% from the year 2020-2
Harry Macquire scored in the 46th minute and Jordan Henderson in the 63rd minute.
The meeting was organized by the VPP Mawthadraishan and was attended by Bah Ardent Miller, MLA Nongkrem and President of the party.
He said that at present, all the information regarding the deposits of people, will have to be provided from all the banks according to the directives of the central government.
Police have also banned the smuggling of vehicles, after the office of the Superintendent of Police East Khasi Hills District, has warned that they should not smuggle vehicles. , because it is against the law.
“We have only lakhs of residents and they have billions, we will disappear.
However, when these leaders arrived, they were arrested by the Assam police yesterday.
In the household, even when you eat, you should choose carefully before you put it in your mouth so that there is no shyiap or shiah, so that it doesn't fall into the hole.
“If the country has voted for the BJP, other states in the region have voted against the Congress, why are we here,” he said.
Besides offering newspapers, Maduh is also good at helping the market dwellers when they send him to work such as transporting goods to pay for electricity bills and others. and the men who sent him.
The three Independents will have to compete for the first place, but it is certain that as long as it takes, there will be someone who will win the bronze medal, even if he is not the first. and two-ar.
Huibers wants to deliver it to Brazil, but the cost of the 5,000-mile journey is $1.97million (£1.36million).
Alison is a child who has loved football since she was a child.
Therefore, on July 19, 2020, the union has sent another letter to the MBOSE to take immediate action before the results of these students.
Bah Gavin M Mylliem said that in any case, the foundation should be firmly established so as not to mislead the people.
Regarding the leadership of Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, Bah Latiplang said that at present he is very concerned about the nation but it is not known what will happen next.
Sohra Government College was formerly known as Sohra College and was declared a Provincial College in
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah MB Tongper expressed his pleasure to take part in such programs organized by the banks, and the main purpose is to provide training on many of the benefits to the people. should be obtained from Banks.
Steven Ao and Wanbaniaineh Khongjee provided the sound and lighting.
Every year, the MBRRB, before the Lyiur season, conducts a thorough inspection of old houses and lists and understands the houses that have been destroyed or in danger.
It is to be recalled that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has informed that the government has decided to move to PPP mode for the construction of the Shillong Medical College.
The worst thing is that at this time there is only a lot of entertainment, going out to talk, the joy of getting money once every five years and that there are no people to think and establish the issues. What is needed at this time before the MLA election day?
Thank you, if we can spend a little time in prayer, our beloved Khasi Jaintia country will receive a great blessing,” said the mother with a smile.
Also present on the occasion were the Rangbah Shnong of Laban, Bah Edward Kharwanlang, Bah David Laitphlang, Vice-President of Laban Sports Club, Bah Suresh Singh, Senior Member of Laban Sports Club. the Laban Sports Club, and others.
The economy, job opportunities and prosperity should be inclusive.
“I fought to get the market at Lad Smit Market Complex for the farmers but it disappeared after being defeated.
During the protest, Congress youths carried placards and shouted their voices to condemn what happened at JNU and also to condemn the Modi government.
According to a statement issued by the Rangbah on his Facebook page, with the words, "The future of the children of the country, is in your hands, I hope there will be understanding, we see that we lack I have decided to contest in 2023 from (21-Nongthymmai constituency) because of them we will work together to find ways and means to strengthen the future. “First of all, if I win the heaviest lyngkor, if not, I will not be accused and criticized at all,” said the statement.
Many questions have been raised in these days regarding the vacancy of the post which has left the state without a Minister of Home Affairs.
Nongpoh: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Umling Circle has demanded from the Branch Manager of the State Bank of India, to install an ATM machine in Pahammawlein village, for the convenience of the people. The residents of this area, because this area is one of the areas, which has many villages and this place, is a central place for the people in many villages.
What is more shocking and surprising is the price of those cow owners who have to pay a prize of 80,000 to 1 lakh rupees and some even ask for 1 lakh 2 lakh rupees. once in a while I'm going to kill you, HAHAHAHA !!! Why does the price of an animal reach lakhs of rupees for one fight??? He should pay and put a lower price not too high until he is happy to hear and if he doesn't go and sell his cow at the right price he will lose his food when he is kept inside the house. to rob and rob from the poorest of the poor just to please the owner of the cow or the manager who takes advantage.
In 2019, 65.48 per cent of the voters in Shillong and 81.38 per cent in Tura.
This is found in the Preamble to the Constitution as well as in Article VIII (A) of the Constitution which was received through RTI, which was also signed by Ling Pyrtuh, Mynjurlang Lyngdoh, Ebormi S. Langshiang, Treyoo Phawa, Early Suting and Spar Rasmut.
“We don't do politics now, we do politics only during elections, but not now, now we have to join hands to fight for the development of the state. “It's not just a matter of time,” he said.
The third prize went to the group from Domsohkhai for Drama.
It is worth mentioning that the DHS(MI) has closed down the IIPH from the former campus of NIFT for illegal use of the rooms that the office has allocated to the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society without permission.
Plants that do not require insects often produce colorless flowers, such as rice flowers or riewhadem flowers.
As the Dolloi who is still in charge of leading the people, she must preserve the customs and traditions established by the ancients which cannot be changed.
They also said that the village will ensure that all the shopkeepers have the necessary documents and the shopkeepers have the trading license according to the rules of the District Council. The trading license has been suspended for many years which has resulted in the loss of revenue by the district council.
Denzel Washington will star in Ridley Scott's new film Gladiator 2. Ridley announced his involvement in one of the filming tours.
It is also worth mentioning that the problems do not escape when alcohol and prostitution are mixed.
Ferdinan's visit to work was on Tuesday.
However, Wahlyngkhat SC won the match 2-1 in the first half.
Tiklu Jyrwa is a member of the Meghalaya Sports Climbing and Mountaineering Association (meSCMA) and has been sponsored by the Sports Department of the state to take part in the climb.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) will contest from 11 constituencies in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections in Assam, as announced by the Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma.
It will take many years for this land to become suitable for cultivation.
The cleanliness as we know attracts tourists from other parts of the country and the world as witnessed by Mawlynnong where people come from across the sea to visit.
According to Swami, there are about 70 villages where the Ramakrishna Mission regularly visits to distribute medicines and treat people.
We are the ones who are in prison.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 05: The residents of the border areas with Assam, have faced serious problems in transportation, illness and walking due to the lack of transportation. good roads to their villages.
“We have done this as part of honoring the name and honor of this great man of the Jaitbynriew and as part of taking part in carrying the burden of the people”.
For more than four hours, the teachers stood fearlessly, but the glory of the Secretariat spread around the world.
And He was considered to be the most perfect Godhead, in order to fulfill that law of sin, by dying on the cross to pay the penalty, in order to receive the Godhood that can defeat all the powers of hell (Evil). ).
He sent his resignation letter to the President of the NPP State Unit in Shillong on July 24, 2013, in which he decided to resign from the post of President of the Block from the Constituency. However, as a leader, he congratulated all his supporters and assistants in all aspects of the election to the Legislative Assembly, although he did not reach the goal of victory.
Topics to be discussed at the meeting include the Comprehensive Mechanism (Influx) and the Facilitation Centre, Entry and Exit Point, the Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security Act 2016 and the Meghalaya Benami Transaction. Prohibition(Amendment)Act 2016.
He said that in all these obstacles, the state government has taken the best measures to protect and preserve the rights and identity of the indigenous people of the state.
Shillong, Lber 06 : The NPP MLA from East Shillong, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh today urged her fellow women MLAs not to allow political party politics to interfere with what they want to do. that is, to work together for the improvement of the status of women in the state.
Out of 3000 students, 1100 votes were cast to elect the new leaders of KNGCSU for the term 2019-2
He also announced that the flag of national unity was hoisted at the place where he was arrested, not the flag of the VPP. symbolize the unity of the nation.
However, at the same time, Bah Passah said it would be wrong for MeECL to assume that by postponing the results for another six months without confirming the recruitment of all those who have passed the examination.
“If we lose our land in Meghalaya, it could lead to an incident like in Manipur.
The 13 participants are Mandapkupar Wanniang under 13 years (male), Adrian Mars Syiemlieh under 15 years (male), Wansaphi Marpna under 15 years (female). Givenwarder Lyngdoh (single male), Deidaphi Marpna under 15 years old (Boys Double) were Mewalambok Marweiñ and Adrian Mars Syimelieh under 17 years old, Wansaphi Marpna and Deidaphi Marpna under 17 years old. , under 19 years old (single) Alwin Richal Iawphniaw, under 19 years old (Boys double) Givenwarder Lyngdoh and Alwin Richal Iawphniaw.
Regarding the problem faced by MePDCL, they urged the Corporation to appoint more staff to work together to ensure the provision of light in all the villages, at the same time. It should be ensured that there will be cooperation from the villages and branches of MePDCL to ensure smooth delivery of electricity.
“The University requests all groups to come to the table of discussion and express the issues they have to express and on the steps taken by the university instead of taking the means of protest. ," he said.
Iran's decision comes after many condemned the increase in the number of executions in Iran in
Because those who will follow the candidates are only the leaders and not the people.
The group said that the students have also sent a complaint to the Vice-Principal for not wearing masks and have immediately confiscated their student IDs for not wearing masks. Don't wear a mask even after you've been forced.
For those who are old and those with disabilities, they are considered as special voters and for them it has been arranged that they can vote at the polls. Station or they can also vote through Ballot Vote where BLOs have been trained to go to the villages to explain to the Differently abled and the elderly. (Senior Citizen).
The Gadchiroli district administration has requested for the provision of four Indian Air Force (IAF) helicopters as part of ensuring the smooth running of the Lok Sabha to be held on the 19th. 10th June, as the area has been facing threats from Maoist militants.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 20: Leaders of the West Khasi Students Union (WKSU) have urged the need to strengthen the working methods of the newly created Territorial Division.
Shillong: The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the government has ordered to temporarily suspend the search for the bodies of the bodies of the people who were trapped in a coal mine at Ryngksan in East Jaintia Hills.
There is no electricity in Mangaldai town these days due to the floods and the shopkeeper uses a generator and therefore, many people go to charge mobile phones at the shop.
He said that in the selection of textbooks, it was prepared in such a way that the judges of the book and the authors did not know at all to avoid any bias.
Sanbor said the jail can accommodate up to 5,000 prisoners, 2,500 men and 2,500 women.
Prof.Prabha Shankar Shukla, Vice Chancellor, North Eastern Hill University (NEHU); Prof (Dr) Nalin Mehta, Director, NEIGRIHMS and Dr Neeta Mahesekar, Director, NEIAH. Bachelor of Ayurvedic Medicine and Surgery (BAMS) and Bachelor of Homeopathic Medicine and Surgery (BHMS) at NEIAH. Out of 50 students trained in 2016-17, the number of students has increased to be trained in every training group.
Therefore, the officer of this office, Mr. K.Passah, invites the people from near and far to come and witness this traditional game of the Jaintia people.
The three suspects have allegedly kidnapped and killed Pynkhreh Surong since 9th October.
The residents of Vairengte, have burnt down 20 houses in the disputed area, built by the residents of Lailapur.
The court said the state government should inform the state government to set up a committee on this issue to verify whether these residents have moved to the area. or in the place where they were given.
According to the district data, Dumka has the highest number of such students with 15,249 students, while Koderma has the highest number of students. 183 children were no longer in school.
“The responsibility of MeECL is because MeECL is not allowed to operate according to the Electricity Act. MSEB used to be able to operate, but after corporation, we have collected up to T.2000 crore. “The government doesn't support us,” he said. “The retired employees don't get the money and the time will come when we will lodge a complaint against the government. “It's a good idea to fulfill these promises,” he said.
Africa said the war lasted for nine months with the fighting with Pakistan.
It was learned later that the letter did not reach the Treasury and the reason for the non-reach of the letter was that the peon of the office did not deliver the letter. for thou hast not been led astray by the second wife of thy husband.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle, on Tuesday, on Tuesday rushed to Malidor after receiving information from the villagers that dozens of Assamese have come to quarry stone illegally from Malidor. The Malidor River is still within the border of Meghalaya.
In the past few days, 40 cows were seized from a petrol truck at Sunapur, Guwahati on Monday.
Shillong: The Iaineh Sports Club Mawiong Umjapung Nongneng B and the Labor of the Hynniewtrep Society (LBS) have organized a free medicine drive on the 28th and 29th July 2019 at the Community Hall of Mawiong Umjapung.
At the same time, the Minister informed that the tender invitation for the companies to run the project has not been successful.
He said that the electricity department is looking for many ways and means to prevent the increasing power outages and if the state can reduce the consumption of electricity, it can provide its own electricity consumption in the state.
Others who attended the function were BDO, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block, MCS, DSEO, S. Kharsahnoh as the chief guests. , Sub-Inspector of DSEO, Bah S.Kharbteng and other elders, parents and children.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 10: A Bolero Pick-up has collided with a truck parked near the NH-road. 6 in Ri Bhoi District.
On the other hand, it was said that bloodshed will not be the solution to any problem, in any way.
And he went out of the temple, and went to the mount of Olives.
Egyptian authorities said on Monday that 38 people were injured in a fire at a police station in the Egyptian city of Ismailia.
He said that Jeofreson Jana had confessed that he wanted to go back to his wife but she refused because he used to harass and torture her. who is addicted to alcohol and who has recently left a rehabilitation centre.
The Director of NEIGRIHMS visited all the injured along with the HoD Orthopedics, HoD General Surgery and Medical Superintendent.
More than 70% of consumers are looking forward to the festive season to buy light appliances because there is an offer at affordable prices (76%) and newly launched appliances in the market. (75%) that cannot be sold.
The incident happened at 5:30 pm this morning while the man was running steep as usual.
The Sawkhmut bus, which operates without plate number, was operating from Iewmawlong to Mawngap.
The team consists of five categories, Under-6, Under-7, Under-9, Under-11, Under-1
The Chief Minister Under 12 Open Football Tournament for the boys and girls of Amlarem Block has come to an end today.
Explaining why he is the President of KHNAM under his leadership, Bah Adelbert said, “According to the letter of the Election Commission of India (ECI) issued on 15th November, I was recognized as the President of KHNAM and the KHNAM office in Jaïaw Lansonalane.
I feel that it is enough in fact and it should not be said that the door has been closed,” said Bah Paul.
I think that there are many who are happy and many who are sad.
The match was fierce and fierce until the end.
However, all the MDCs have said to support me,” said Bah Nongrum.
The conference also discussed how to curb crime on the border and also on the mutual information between the security forces in case of any incident on the border.
How do you do it? There may indeed be such fear on the part of the parents and brothers of a Dykhar woman to send their daughter-in-law to marry a Khasi man because of the inner characteristics of the man in the Khasi custom – such as The Maitshaphrang Movement's Persian drama “Juliet & Romeo” has been filmed.
After drinking the medicine, the man said that after an hour he felt help and the pain came back to his body and the swelling stopped and he recovered from Tit's bih.
The Hon's General Secretary of the WJDSA, Lammat oo Laloo, has informed the public that there have been changes in the schedule of the Independence Day Cup Football League (Knock Out) scheduled to be held in the coming days. .
Conrad said the government has handed over the task to the Law Department to fulfill the requirements under the Meghalaya Building Bye Laws and Town Planning Act
“We condemn such divisions for political gain by the BJP-led Assam government. We also condemn the attacks on our religious leaders in many states. Zenith said that the BJP is in power.
However, surprisingly, we have found through a letter dated 23rd June 2021, written by the CMD, MePDCL to the Secretary, Power Department, Government of Meghalaya, that at the meeting held at the same On Tuesday, 23rd June, 2021 under the chairmanship of the Chief Minister and in the presence of the Minister in charge of Electricity Department together with officials from MeECL and the State Government, it was decided that The State Government has accepted the proposal to implement one of the conditions laid down by the PFC-REC before allocating funds to the State Government namely to implement the Injection Based Distribution Franchisee (IBDF).
In a statement sent by Bah Banshai Marbaniang, President of MACC, said that the group cannot accept this because it is not easy to find drugs to be spread. It has been heard that most of the contracts with various companies through agreements regarding the distribution of medicines through the Health Department of the Government should have been returned. The drugs have been imported into the Manufacture Company and have to be replaced by others.
The Anti-Corruption Establishment (ACE) of Punjab has lodged a new complaint against the former Pakistani leader on the same day, in which his sister Uzma Khan, Her husband and former Punjab Chief Minister Usman Buzdar were also included in the complaint against Khan.
The Chairman, the Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya and the Federation of Khasi States will meet again with the Government of Meghalaya to discuss the need to prepare and introduce amendments. the Constitution of India to resolve the issues under the Constitution of India which has been in force for 70 years.
In order to ensure the safety and security of the public, the search was conducted to search for documents and vehicles that violate the rules of law, said Bah Makdoh. “The office has imposed a fine of up to T.59,900 (fifty nine thousand nine hundred) on the drivers who violate the law,” he added.
As soon as you leave Rilbong Police Point to go to Guwahati road, there is a road to the top of the market where many market vendors especially from West Khasi Hills have to park their vehicles there and along the way. the road to their parking lots the roads are in the above picture.
After inspecting the condition of the hostel, the union found that the hostel is no longer suitable for children.
It does not think of the future, but only for its own benefit in the present and does not care even if future generations do not have access to drinking water or clean air to breathe.
Everyone who has learned and studied in this age, especially in the cities of Meghalaya, has known that the use of plastic is harmful to health.
In March last year, Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya, Mawkyrwat came in second place followed by Mawranglang Presbyterian Secondary School in third place and Maharam Government Higher Secondary School in Mawkyrwat in third place.
Nongstoiñ, July 18: The Mawshynrut Youth Movement (MYM) led by Bah Shem Rynniaw as President and Bah Pyndap Wanniang as General Secretary, on Tuesday met with the SDO Civil Sub Division Mawshynrut to demand that Casual/wage employees who have been appointed since 2018 without public notice.
Dr War said the names of the two deceased will be announced tomorrow.
Why is it not allowed to hold a festival on Sunday?
When they arrived at the scene, the situation started to tense after these members started throwing stones at the police and magistrates to attack the female police and threw stones at the Dy SP. that thou hast received a great injury.
The next evening, they sat down at home to think what they would do against the house of Bah Bor and Kong Lumspah.
On this occasion, Harbax Singh Dhillon congratulated the BSF personnel and their families on the occasion of the 90th Republic Day.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong on Friday said that the government has directed the organizers of the Shillong Cherry Blossom Festival to start the festival on the closing day of the festival. God after the prayers, that is, after the appearance of opposition.
In the fifth part of the Pariksha Pe Charcha, the Prime Minister addressed students, teachers and parents today at Talkatora Stadium in New Delhi.
The man was arrested and later released.
In a statement sent by the President of the Union, A.Lipon, he said that the Union is deeply saddened by such incidents in the Bri u Hynniewtrep and the dignity of others has declined excessively. The thieves are willing to take the law into their own hands to commit crimes against the private sector, the public and even the leaders as well.
The five seriously injured were taken by plane to Memorial Hermann Hospital in Houston.
They are the ones who are stationed in every station; you don't have to worry.
The Minister said that it is on these grounds that the Government has called a tender for the allocation of this room.
The number of drug abusers in Mizoram has reached a critical level with 139 deaths in 2000, while the highest number of deaths from such incidents it was 143 in
This is among the types of fiber that can reduce bad cholesterol.
In this regard, the Health Department and our MLA can explain better why Jaraiñ PHC has been upgraded to SDH without being placed in Amlarem.
She said that the children today are lucky, because they have many opportunities and it is up to them how to choose and complete their studies successfully.
which refers to emotional satisfaction and happiness.
The government will confirm whether these 8 cases have recovered or not after 24 hours.
One of the employees begged the lawyer: “Bah, please don't smoke cigarettes here in the Public Office because it is forbidden by law!” The other man said: “You don't know that I am BAD MLA AND MDC?" by visiting the staff of this office.
Meanwhile, Bah SK Sun said that Pomlum School has improved significantly compared to previous years and this school has helped the children from Mawphlang Constituency to get education. Mawphlang Constituency but as it has been a blessing and education to the people of his constituency, he promised to donate T.2 lakh to the Pomlum School.
Blood Pressure test, general check up, HEP-B and C tests and other tests for other diseases were also conducted.
Speaking to reporters today, July 9, 2024, Bah Kyrmen said that he had a suspicion that the SP Rituraj Ravi had shot him. He had already drunk alcoholic beverages and his head couldn't talk anymore. He just stood inside the house without calling the female policemen but called the male policemen.
The order was issued after the continuous heavy rains in the past few months and the road to Muktapur from Amlarem has been damaged in many places after the landslide. “Kyrdeng Khli” has collapsed 20km away on the Amlarem-Muktapur road.
While the Government is working towards reforms in space-related sectors, the youth of the country are also making efforts as in the last four years, the number of start-ups related to the number of hawks has increased from 4 to about
I don't know why in the whole of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum there are no people who eat human beings, although the Menshohnoh are around the land of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum but the dog eaters still have people. have.
There are many contractors politicians, contractors blind bill and when this happens where is the real growth when the contractors are not involved, like this writer although he has worked contract since 2001 but not a single job has been done. get if you want to work alone.
The discussions at the meeting will focus on issues related to five sectors including tourism, fisheries, fish farming, dairy farming and slasha.
East Khasi Hills has 101 cases and West Khasi Hills has 44 cases.
Jowai, March 11: The Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy of the 1st Division Football Tournament, 2022 was held today at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Dongmihsngi, Jowai.
Please send any information or comments by message through this website or in any other way; I am ready to work with you in the villages and there are your own needs.
In order to ensure that the workers celebrate Christmas and New Year in a proper manner, the Governor of Meghalaya has decided to increase the Dearness Allowance (DA) and Dearness Relief (DR) which should be paid to all. Government Employees, retired employees and families receiving old age allowance.
He said that the robbers had stolen the bih from the top syntex where he kept food and drink water at his residence in Amlarem.
"Even those who fled themselves were targeted and killed," the army chief said.
“The 40 constituencies include 26 from Khasi and Jaintia Hills and 14 from Garo Hills and out of these 40 names, 8 will be women,” he said.
The 1st Division will be played between Wahlyngkien Sunei SC and Pomsanngut SC at 12 noon, Nongspung SC vs Umkaber SC at 3 pm. .
Their clarity of mind and hard work is an example for many government employees.
Shillong: Three persons were arrested by the residents of Lummawbah village at 2:30 pm on the 10th of this month.
However, the shopkeepers said that the government through the Forest Department has ordered them to leave the area within two or three days. , claiming that they were illegally occupying it.
Once again I would say, do we expect taxpayers to build a stable family and a secure future? I personally don't expect the robbers to bring peace and happiness.
We have to respect and respect each other at this time to avoid the spread of COVID-19,” he said.
He urged the various media outlets through MEPA to focus more on news that affects the interests of the people such as PDS and heroic deeds. can uplift and lead the community.
The JSU said that foreign vehicles carrying coal have increased and it has affected the income of local vehicles as the entry of trucks carrying goods to Bangladesh is very low which is only 200-300 trucks per day. .
In the final of the Under-14 boys' category, St. Peter's beat St. Anthony's Secondary School Jaidoh 1-0
She requests everyone not to park along the road from Umtyngngar to Laitryngew to avoid traffic jam.
The match between Khimusniang and Sohmynting ended in a 2-2 draw in the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Friday.
He said that early notification will make it easier and will help the police to track down the missing.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Shella today wrote a letter to the Assistant Executive Engineer of MeECL, Sohra (Distribution) Sub-Division, to complain about the failure of electricity distribution in Shella Village.
For New Shillong, the Government should think carefully how to build the roads and junctions, so that in the future it will not happen like now. study in Shillong).
Mahatma Gandhi said, “Knowledge is the growth and development of body, mind and soul”.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) under the leadership of Samla Laitphar Syngkrem and Finance Secretary Samla Kindly Khyriem on Tuesday met with the Minister of Education, Forest and Engineering, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui. The Environment Department and Border Areas Development Department (Block) Amlarem have been informed of the lack of full Block Development Officers in C&RD Block, Amlarem. ), Amlarem which has to manage two government offices in Amlarem.
The High Court has ordered the government to resolve the case by taking measures regarding the resettlement of the Harijans.
She said that the number of slaughterers in this area is low compared to the past, “5-10 cows, 12-15 pigs in the area. ten days.
The Sad Malngiang chiefs lived and settled on a large and well-maintained land known as Pemberton & Rynjah.
Sohra, July 05: The proverb of Aesop says, “The mountain is covered with snow”.
Therefore, don't be just spectators and listeners, because the time has come to bring about innovation by working together as a society.
Madhav said the NRC is the social foundation of the Assam Accord, which was signed in 1985 and the wish of the Indian government is to search, remove and expel these foreigners. He said that there is no country in the world that allows foreigners, while India has become a haven for these foreigners, because there are foreigners. politicians who protect them.
Father Vinish, from the Ujjain Diocese, said that about 100 people, who came to the hospital, on Tuesday, at 10 pm, brought a puh shilum. to destroy the property of the hospital.
“The PDF currently has only two MLAs, Banteidor Lyngdoh from Mawkynrew and Gavin M Mylliem from Sohra.
She is currently preparing for the Haryana Civil Services Examination.
“Marak said that through RTI, it has been revealed that there have been many errors in the implementation of central government schemes.
The residents have faced difficulties in paying two taxes, namely to the TMB and to the GHADC. If we have a land title issued by the GHADC, why do we still have to pay taxes to the TMB? Shilong, June 07: The 2nd Joint Working Group (NCWG) on Tuesday held a meeting between the North Eastern Council and the TMB. The National AIDS Control Society (NEC) Shillong on Tuesday held a meeting to discuss the increase in the number of HIV cases in India and the states. of this part of the North East of India.
Shillong: About 60% of the sying farmers in Daistong Village have died of sying disease due to the heavy rainfall during the rainy months from June to September this year. even preventive measures through medication, but nothing helps.
Shillong, Naitung 3: Shillong is one of the small cities which no longer has slum areas.
This was announced by the NPP State President Prestone Tynsong while talking to reporters in Shillong.
Twenty-five individuals and unnamed others participated in the program and 34 groups and unnamed others participated.
He said that recently during his visit to Garo Hills to campaign for the BJP party, he saw the support of the people to win the BJP party and even in Nongpoh. The BJP candidate has done well and worked hard for the victory from this constituency.
He said that farmers who are eligible for the FOCUS scheme have to register and verify their EPIC, Bill Light and Adhaar Card to receive the assistance.
Ms Phanbuh said that as parents, they should be vigilant to look after their children in their daily walking and standing. , use mobile phones and the internet it is their responsibility as parents to know in what form they use.
There are many of these rules of the Union which it is not yet known where its origin is.
What is not understood is that every school has a Managing Committee of which the Rangbah Shnong is also an important member, so why can't the Government be forced to look after them better? schools and to meet the needs.
The Waheh Shnong of Ïalong, Bah T.Ram Phawa in his speech said that the bridge has been suspended since 2016 and after the appointment of the new Executive Committee under his leadership, as the Waheh Shnong. The project was resumed in 2021 at a cost of T.65 lakh.
Israel has continued to shell the Gaza Strip, dropping 122 bombs from 52 warplanes on 25 sites and destroying the Gaza Strip. Hamas, the ninth century.
Sohmynken : Apart from the nutritional value of the foods you cook, these foods also strengthen the immune system due to the presence of vitamin C and other nutrients that can improve blood pressure. .
The early Christians also used this expression to call the Father Abba because he was born of Jesus Christ.
It is understood that the NPP leaders have also visited Bah Alan but Bah Alan insisted that the demand for Sohra District should be clarified first. Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL).
We remember that in the past, when thieves were rampant, the villages used to come out with elders, women and youth to patrol the villages.
The NPP is also preparing to field candidates from Shillong constituency and Tura constituency which also has Agatha K Sangma as MP.
Shillong, July 25: Together with the rest of the country, Meghalaya will celebrate the Republic Day tomorrow in all districts and sub-divisions.
These vehicles without number plates were used by AIG (A) without any permission from the authorities.
He said that joining the BJP is with the hope of developing Meghalaya.
On that day only those who have been cleansed by the blood of Jesus will be resurrected, but the sinners and the ungodly will be resurrected at the end of the 1000 years.
As part of the programme, 4 kilos of Krai seeds, 3 liters of organic pesticide, 20 kilos of motor shyieng, 10 kilos of frisbin, 4 kilos of salad, 100 gm of cucumbers, 80 gm of flowers were distributed. and 80 gm of broccoli.
She is also the only woman to win the Asian Amateur Boxing gold medal five times.
The Trishakti Corps troops received assistance from the BRO, SDRF and local police to provide assistance and rescue to the victims.
AMD's tender for the mining of uranium in Nongjri SWKH has made it clear that the efforts and plans to mine uranium in the state have not ended. “KHNAM is against the mining of uranium,” said the statement. “KHNAM is against the mining of uranium.
Lymba said that as of 3 pm, 51 people have come to take eye medicine.
Police have also raided the city of Brasilia in connection with the involvement of the Bolsonaro family in illegal investments in various companies in the country.
This was announced by S. Sari Publicity Secretary of the Sengkhihlang.
U.P School, Mawkyrwat, Asst.Teacher, Govt.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the FKJGP led by Bah Shanlang Diengdoh, who is also the General Secretary of the FKJGP in Ri Bhoi District, today met with the CEO of MeECL at Umiam, to discuss many issues. MeECL employees have been involved in the corruption, which has caused problems to the consumers.
Prestone assured that the registration of people on the Adhaar Card can be completed within these three months if people come forward and take action to get the Adhaar Card.
Furthermore, ASHAs cannot work without illness or suffering themselves.
“If they come, they should do the right thing,” he said.
The incident happened at 5 pm, when the explosion of these explosives happened inside a Maruti Van, which exploded by mistake in the The attempt to detonate the bomb and the explosion, was accompanied by other bombs which caused an explosion and a loud noise.
“Come, we have prepared something to eat.
She says she is happy to see that the Federal Government is paying special attention to local infrastructure and transportation.
“Everyone is listening,” said Bah Sohtun.
Shillong: U Bah Lamboklang Mylliem, MLA from Jirang, has passed away today.
Looking back on the previous matches and the team's journey to the final, the report said that the team beat South Korea 9-1 in the semifinal of the 2013 FIFA World Cup. jng that.
Balen Thubru said that the union has lodged a complaint against the companies for not complying with the government's notification to increase the fare and the government has already called for discussions on the issue. However, the government has not yet taken a firm decision on the refusal of these companies to implement the government's order.
RTI applicant, especially in relation to the vacant jobs that have not been announced by the state government in the past few years, Bah Disparsing Rani, said that the news has been circulating from the voice of Many people in East Khasi Hills District have complained that the job creation by politicians in the health department, especially here in East Khasi Hills District, is terrible.
All genuine Non Tribals of the state have always been supportive of all local issues and have been living at peace with the Tribal’s for generations.
However, over the years it has been found that the university has been accused of many misconduct.
Similarly, other laws mentioned by the FKS, such as the Forest Conservation Act 1980, MMDR Act 1957 and others, these laws apply throughout India, not only in Meghalaya. .
All illegally opened coal mining factories established before November 23, 2022 and which have received a Consent to Operate (CTO), but which fail to comply with the rules should be closed down. “It will be completed before the 8th of November, 2022,” said Bah Lamurong in his advice to the Government.
In Sohiong, the contest between UDP candidate Wankupar Syiemlieh, Congress candidate Nathaniel Rymbai (son of HDR Lyngdoh) and HSPDP candidate Samlin Malngiang will be fierce.
The district administration has provided police security at all polling stations.
Regarding the Rti, I have filed some questions which the Education Department has not answered because according to the reply sent to me, these questions are not included in the Rti Act 2005, regarding the delay. Meghalaya to distribute this donation to the children and students of Meghalaya.
Kohima: The prestigious social agreement between the NSCN-IM and the Indian government will be based on the approval of the flag and constitution of the Naga people, he said. The party has sent a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
“However, what we have found now we will have to submit a report to the CEM,” he said.
On the other hand, Bah Rapsang requested the police to investigate and arrest immediately these people who have made them famous.
Shillong: The earthquake of a cross in a house in Kongwang village, which happened yesterday, has subsided for the second day.
It seems that the indigenous people living in it are not known, it seems that there is no indigenous people and it does not reflect the uniqueness of the indigenous people in this state.
Before joining the political post, Nehru Suting was also the Director of Commerce & Industries of the State Government and has retired from the post to contest the 2018 elections through voluntary retirement. scheme (VRS) ha
Lajong have not lost since the start of the season, along with Mohammedan Sporting, who have not lost in the I-League this season. Lajong are now fourth in the points table with 13 points from nine games, three wins in a row and four draws.
After this, the DC informed the two organizations that the office will check the details of the students who have already submitted their applications and the decision to admit the students to classes will be taken. There will be another meeting on 16th August 2022 at the office of the Deputy Commissioner.
Samla Mesan said that the lack of engineering colleges in the state government has created problems for the students who want to pursue specialization in this field of study but if the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the state takes care of this issue It would be something to be commended but why did SMR take the initiative to introduce this question by Samla Mesan.
Other speakers were Bah C. Jeengaphs, one of the teachers of the school, Bah HR Kharbudnah Headmaster who was also present on the occasion.
Saying that it is the duty of the government to ensure that such incidents do not happen again, the MPHRC also demanded that there should be a proper post mortem and that the doctors should explain exactly what they found. .
The State Government through the Ministry of Education is currently preparing to include some of the subjects of the CBSE in schools under the MBoSE. .
Shillong, Jymmang 21: Many commercial vehicles have been seized by the parties and candidates contesting the 2023 MLA elections.
The program was conducted by Bah Handleson Lamin Gadew, and the meeting was enriched by songs by the youth of the village including Sardis Dkhar and Barikynti Khonglah.
It is good, but those teachers who have been appointed on contract or officiate for more than three years have a big question mark.
Another issue raised by the Seng was the difference in the prices of goods between Assam which is already connected by railway and Meghalaya where the prices in Assam are much lower. compared to Meghalaya.
Police have completed the post mortem and the investigation is ongoing to find out the cause of the incident.
LP School, Rangbah Suchiang, teachers and others.
Although he did not reveal the names of the former Congress leaders who removed him from the party, it is understood from his speech that he was referring to the Leader of the Opposition, Dr. Mukul Sangma who is also the former Prime Minister. the state.
This reporter went to the Secretariat and found that the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma was not at his office. tell me that you went to Delhi.
This was held on 28th November at Mawkhar Christian Hr.Sec.School, Shillong in the presence of family members, donors and some of the elders and women who used to attend and encourage the deceased. who suffers not suffering.
When asked whether the party has already met with former Umroi MLA George B Lyngdoh to contest from Shillong seat, the NPP leader said, “I don't want to say anything about who. Whose name is on the list or who is not on the list, because all these things are different and will happen from time to time.
He also expressed the intention of the state government and the health department to fight against the disease.
For duet singers and dancers the fee will be 2000 tyngka and for group singers 2000 tyngka.
This was held at Don Bosco Technical School Shillong, in the presence of KDUR office bearers and invitees.
The rich candidates or businessmen are good Samaritans only during the elections, after the elections there is nothing left for those who do good and good Samaritans. money and worries that there is no one else to help this happens only during elections and at other times there is no one.
He also expressed his regret over the collapse of the water wells which used to supply water to the people and said that this sudden collapse of the water wells has led to the implementation of water supply schemes to fail due to the There are no wells used to supply water to the people.
If the UCC comes to the whole of India, it will become our beloved India.
Before entering Ïewduh from Motphran or Mawkhar, you will see an inscription on Khilon (arch) which clearly reads, “Earn Righteousness.
Speaking as the chief guest, Samla Richard praised and encouraged the TULBA Sohryngkham Unit for being willing to join hands to help improve the society of our brothers and sisters.
At the same time, he also thanked the supporters or the people of Mawshynrut area, who have not been misled by others.
Therefore, the Sports Cell of the KSU strongly condemns this insult and disrespect of the Meghalaya government to the Khasi children who are talented and eager to play basketball.
Aristone M.Ryndongsngi, leader of the group of fishermen, said that the reason for the group to take the The reason, is after they have seen that these foreigners and those who brought these seeds, often cheat or often such foreign seeds, are lacking in the market. and many others did not give thanks to these foreigners.
On November 9, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, MK Stalin, announced a financial assistance of T.6,000 to each family affected by the floods. went hand.
Marian Hill HSS vs. Jaintia HSS at 12:30 pm.
Angea also questioned the government for allowing foreign companies like Rapido to operate without permission and without paying any tax to the government.
“If there is no presidential rule, the railway will arrive in one day, the land grabbing, which is not our language, will have to be discussed and other terrible things will happen. “The state has ended and we still have the state government,” he said.
Km which has been recognized by the Government since
At the same time, he explained that the rice treated with chemicals is not plastic rice and the people should not misunderstand this.
The first, second and third place winners were awarded cash prizes of T.5,000, T.4,000 and T.3,0
The Minister of Home Affairs said that the security of the border is a very important task and urged the Chief Ministers to expedite the allocation of land to complete the signage on the border.
The State Government through the Under Secretary District Council Affairs (DCA) has issued a public notice that the KHADC Building Act published in the Meghalaya Gazette does not comply with the rules and regulations. shym was authorized.
The award was established by the Riti Academy of Khasi Artists and this year it was awarded to Wanhi-I Challam who has made a durboit animation film about Kiang Nangbah. Mar Phalyngki, Behdeinkhlam and others.
The RBI has directed banks to stop issuing or using Rs 2,000 notes from the date of the suspension.
Many residents of Shillong still have to buy water because they don't have water in their homes.
The song is starring Kitdorlang Nongrum and composed by Suriya VS and Rohan Dutt.
These nine issues are the implementation of the ILP, the recognition of the Khasi language, the resettlement of the residents of Metor, the revision of the Reservation Policy, the revision of the MoU. -1, to investigate the CBI on corruption, to investigate the shooting death of Bah Cherish, to immediately appoint vacancies in the state, to immediately abolish the vacancy law.
These three persons are under the age of 16 years.
Speaking at a meeting at Nichol Bible College in Sohryngkham, Chief Minister Conrad said he had been informed by the central government that the UCC would not affect the Sixth Schedule areas and the tribals.
Banshan Lyngdoh September 16, 2020 In these days of Covid19, many of us have been able to stay at home and spend our time watching various videos especially on YouTube '.
The song is like the Welsh National Anthem “The Land of my Fathers” let me put in English the explanation of verse -4 as follows: through Satan’s temptation.
Although she had a dream of becoming an athlete since she was a child, she did not succeed but fortunately, this dream came true through the encouragement and guidance of Dingko Singh until she became a sportswoman. became a boxer in
As the State Government has decided to abolish all illegal tax collectors whether they are Toll Gates/Check Gates or extortion collectors on the highways or roads in the districts and the installation of these gates Illegal collection of taxes disrupts traffic and also leads to less traffic.
Fenella said the decision was taken at a meeting of her supporters held on Saturday at Bishop Hall Nongstoiñ. at the same place at 11 pm to talk to other groups who have left the Congress party and also from other parties to give their full support to it at this juncture.
Despite many shortcomings, in the early years of the 19th century, the Khasi youth dared to come forward and fight.
No one will be allowed to comfort, meat and kiss the body of a deceased person from covid.
In this regard, we should congratulate the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) for raising many issues in this government through the Right to Information.
Referring to the number of riewhadem farmers in West Khasi Hills, the villages in the area from Rambrai to Mawdoh, Tyllang to Mawlangsu are still cultivating the largest number of riewhadem farmers.
“PA Sangma has a close relationship with the residents of Rongjeng, the state government has taken action with this vision to bring about change and development in the state”.
On the other hand, Bah Marbud said that this action of the Dkhars should not intimidate the political parties and the people of Meghalaya, they will stand firm to demand that the ILP should be implemented in the state.
Speaking to Mawphor, Dr.KKNongsiej said that he has been a Guest Lecturer since 2005 and after that when the Governing Body (GB) saw his achievements, he said that he has been a Guest Lecturer. In 2006, it appointed a full-time teacher.
The demand is that the police should verify the arrest of these four persons.
Speaking to media afterwards, the Chief Minister acknowledged that the party is ready to contest in all the constituencies of the state and Mylliem will be one of them.
In this regard, the High Court said that it will allow the investigation teams for some time but it should complete the work within four months.
At that time, a woman who was fishing saw that the mawpud had been thrown up to Kynroh Dawki (Wah Umngot) which has collapsed these days, due to the floods. She shouted and called out to the people not to allow the erection of the mawpud to the place and immediately informed the village authorities of Dawki.
Therefore, it is important to avoid drinking too much green tea.
Therefore, there should be no plan for the roads and streets that the state does not need.
" John 1:11.
The State Election Committee of the National People's Party (NPP) Meghalaya has already sent the names of the candidates for the Shillong and Tura MP elections. They are now waiting for the approval of the NPP National President Conrad K Sangma.
Speaking to reporters, one of the farmers said that about 10 quintals of synsar has been left in the forest without being transported. but it shall be turned into a plague.
It is true that if the roads in the city are bad, how can we expect the roads in the villages to be good? Who will look after them? But it is also a fact that when foreigners come they have to give their best to them so that they can bring news to their villages about the state.
The poor and the rich have been excluded, the farmers have been excluded, the workers have been excluded, the small and medium entrepreneurs have been excluded and in the end only a few rich people have been excluded. and the BJP, and these have not created a world anymore, which has been rejected by the people of the country.
In which the village government is run by the church or religious group or kur which is the majority in the village.
On the other hand, the CCIB has also decided to meet with the Governor to discuss the issue.
Prof A Banshan Syiem Kharkongor is a teacher who has published many books on this subject.
“Because the discussion was interesting, the meeting of JACATAM scheduled for 29th July to discuss the strike has been postponed,” said Babu Khongjirem.
“The influx of foreigners is very high even before the Bill is implemented,” he said. “As it is in Assam where half of the residents are foreigners. and even in Meghalaya we have seen such a severe displacement”.
Shillong, Lber 01: The CSWO has expressed its surprise at the statement by the head of the AMD (Atomic Minerals Directorate) that the mining of uranium does not affect the biodiversity, as reported in the media.
The vehicle was a Fortuner (ML 10 B 1471) and another Meghalaya vehicle (ML 10 C 1864) was hit by a stone. They are from Assam.
Nongtrai residents have rejected Lafarge's claim that it has employed 547 people in the company and urged the government to visit the company to verify the documents of the employees. .
But now my daughter is surprised that he has disappeared from school.
Conrad said that after his victory, he had met with leaders of various political parties including UDP President Dr. Donkupar Roy, UDP President Ardent Basaiawmoit, HSPDP President and others.
Regarding the protest of the residents, the Dorbar Shnong Jalaphet Bri Sutnga has convened a public meeting at the Dorbar Hall in the presence of the residents.
According to the complaint, Kong Kharshiing said that there are seven families who have two to three ration cards in the village and urged the police department to take action against them according to the law. people who go against the law.
The Minister said that in the current fiscal year, the ongoing construction works worth Rs 500 crore will be seen for the construction of the indoor stadium and the improvement of the JN Stadium. Stadium in Shillong, PA Sangma Sports Complex in Tura and other sports grounds and these projects are targeted to be completed within the next two years.
Shillong: The General Meeting of the Alumni Association of Sngap Syiem College Mawkyrwat was held on 30th November, 2021 at the College.
“What we see here is that it is not well organized in that way, there is no one to direct them on which floor they should go to write but the children have been running up and down and their mothers Their father, brothers and sisters and friends who came to accompany them, were shocked,” said the parents.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Congress party has won 15 seats out of 29 seats in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
“It's not long.
The death toll in India has risen to 46,0
“From now on we need to ensure that this sector will continue to grow, we will expand, we will issue more licenses and leases, and in this sector we will see that this sector will continue to grow. increased as it did in previous years before the NGT closed," he said.
This goal lasted until the end of the first half.
Regarding the agriculture, Bah Moodi said that through the MNREGA scheme, every household has been assisted with cattle, pigs and others.
There was a fierce quarrel between the shikur, the kñi and the pyrsa, although they tried to make peace in any way but could not, until Morsing Phankhein vowed to fight as much as he could and as much as he lost. ei to his mother and brother, Borsing.
Sam, Micky, Barisha Mawlong, Sunday Salahe and Jimmy Wann were also present on the occasion.
I also went to school like you.
“It is a successful demand in which the government has agreed to set up an Expert Committee to study the Reservation Policy.
The registration process for the two-month Amarnath Yatra started last month.
Once an elderly person has become addicted to alcohol, who does not know how to drink or who drinks alcohol, his family is destroyed and society is also destroyed.
It is learned that Naresh Tikait was not the President of the Indian Farmers Union, but all the important decisions were taken by Rakesh Tikait.
The match was between Wapungtre FC and Wallam FC. At the start of the match, the players of Wapungtre FC opened the scoring in the fifth minute through Anloi Dkhar.
The Government has declared July 22 as Thomas Jones Day to commemorate him.
The meeting was organized by the Samaritan Action for Social Transformation (SAST) and conducted by the Chairman of the Dorbar of Chiefs, Bah John F Kharshiing. the kings, and the elders.
Nongpoh: Many leaders of the NPP Nongpoh Block, together with the supporters of the party, today decided to leave the party NPP and joined the UDP. Leading NPP office bearers who have joined the UDP include Augustine Wahlang, NPP Nongpoh Block President, Tiplem Lymphuid, General Secretary, Dolis Mallai, Women's President. Wing, Arvingstone Syiem, President Youth Wings, Ebanesar Shylla, Workong President Youth Wings, Stanwell Manih, Publicity Secretary and many others.
Speaking to media, Rakkam said, “There are some parts that are still pending due to lack of funds but we cannot implement them soon and this is still going on,” he said. .
Sanbor said that in Laban-Mawprem there are more than 11,200 voters this time.
When asked about the price of biscuits, they said that in the early months of production, the price was 40 to 40 tyngka per kilo, but these days it has started to decline and is still 200 to 200 tyngka per kilo. five rupees per kilogram.
After the General Meeting of the party, approved and proposed to him to become the candidate of the party, he also accepted the proposal of the Executive. Members and supporters of the party from this constituency.
Bah S.Marweiñ, who has been selling school books for about 20 years, said the reason for the lack of books is from the Shillong market.
The Rangbah Shnong has lodged a complaint against the people who have violated the foundation stone of the MGNREGS scheme. He said that these villages have been the rights and property of the Hima since ancient times and should continue to be so.
The President of the Sein Kur Dkhar, Shaniahskhem Dkhar, said that the award ceremony is for the youth of the Sein Kur Dkhar from Wapung Circle. , Iongcaluh, Sohkymphor and Lum Mulieh.
Therefore, how can we fight?
He said that the proceeds will also support the school run by Kymprup Higher Secondary School.
Therefore, the introduction of one country, one election is very important.
It may be recalled that the indefinite strike by Bah Ardent has lasted for the third day which started on the 23rd of this month at the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat. The Government will not call for a review of the Reservation Policy of the State.
On the other hand, the CEM has promised to take action as soon as possible for the benefit of the Hima Mynlliem, said Minister Nongkhlaw.
He said that after the 2023 elections, it will not be possible to form a government led by the Seng Riewlum even if the people want it. what is happening.
Isaiah 28:15.
Meghalaya Police patrolling at Lapangap village on the Meghalaya-Assam border were allegedly chased away by Karbi residents on the border on Saturday.
It also held a discussion among intellectuals, scholars, and officials to discuss the issue.
He said the government has accepted this and the increase will take effect.
Tilda Pariat, mother of Daiabha Merry Pariat (Merry) who lives in Riatmoolain, Ladthadlaboh Jowai, passed away on 23/12/2 .
Nongstoin, Naiwieng 25: U Bah Diosstar Jyndiang, u Nongstoin, has paid tribute to Maieid Hoping after winning the mid-term elections in Nongstoin. go and lay them on the tomb of Maieid Hoping.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Renikton L.Tongkhar congratulated Sngap Syiem College for implementing the National Education Policy (NEP) which will benefit the students. He also urged the students not to neglect what they have learned during these two days through the Meghalaya Aids Control Society.
Shillong, Nailar 02 : The Minister of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Bah AL Hek on Tuesday said that he has already spoken to the Assam government to allow the import of slaughtered cattle to the state. Meghalaya.
He expressed his regret that the project has not been completed even after six years since it was started.
Regarding the border dispute, the council will set up a Tribunal to look into land disputes, where there will be no Symbud Secretary, but a first class Magistrate,” he said.
The family consists of three Mawbyrsiew (1) Father (2) Mother and (3) children.
Messi, 34, has joined PSG in Paris, where he met with hundreds of PSF fans. Neymar, one of his teammates, played with him at Barcelona.
Sharma scored 3/3
The fare from Mookyndeng and Nongkynrih to Muthlong or Shangpung College will be T.40 and from Raliang to Shangpung College will be T.
The day was enriched by the performances of traditional songs by the youths from Loomiongkjam, Panaliar, Loompyrdi Iongpiah, Jwai, Shlem Hikai Tynre and Ladthadlaboh.
Gogoi said that Defense Minister Amit Shah in previous years had admitted at meetings in Delhi that the BJP had taken over the ruling party from the Congress in Meghalaya and the government. The BJP has created a new party in Meghalaya, but now that the elections are approaching, the same person has not yet admitted that the corruption in the Meghalaya government is led by the NPP and says that the BJP is not involved. The MDA government has been involved in the robbery of the people of the state.
Shillong: The Shillong All Faith Forum (SAFF) today met with the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya to brief him on the changes in the SOP's for the opening of places of worship across the state.
“If Bah AL Hek, who has been an MLA for seven terms, is approved, it will be very pleasant,” said Bah Kharkhrang.
H.Deolangki Dkhar was elected as the new Secretary General of AJYWO, while other office bearers of AJYWO were retained as they are.
According to her, MSSASA since 2017 has requested and continues to request the Government to conduct a separate HSSLC Examination for teachers who teach without completing their primary education.
Until now, no information has been received whether there is any demand from these people or from his relatives.
“We welcome the people of Shillong to receive this service and I am excited to collaborate with Rejuve Aesthetics.
She said that this fact has been found through the rainfall forecasts which the department has set up in different parts of the state and it has been found that the rainfall has changed and is no longer like in the past. .
Nartiang Police Station has taken possession of the body and the investigation is ongoing.
He gives humans free will and that has been God's purpose since He placed man and woman in the garden of Eden.
According to reports, more than 600 people have been killed in Israel and 413 in Gaza since fighting began early Saturday after Hamas militants attacked Israel.
“Consult with the people in the villages.
Employees of the District Council said that the car market has been held for two or three days now.
Nongpoh, Naitung 20 : The HNYF Northern Region has vowed to close down the MeECL office in Nongpoh if the MeECL fails to provide proper electricity to the people of the area. Nongpoh is located in Ri Bhoi District.
Other languages ​​are Lepcha, Limbu, Mizo (Lushai), Magahi, Mundari, Nagpuri, Nicobarese, Pahari (Himachali), Pali, Rajasthani, Sambalpuri or Kosali, Shaurseni (Prakrit), Siraiki, Tenyidi and Tulu.
The Government of India has decided to suspend uranium mining in three states including Meghalaya, Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand. transportation-difficult rivers and tribal isolation.
The allegation of the Laitkyrhong residents is that these four persons have been accused of attempting to rape the two girls.
Kyrshan Dkhar admitted that after Balen Thubru called a meeting to elect office bearers on the 2nd.
In these days, the government will hold meetings with other groups to explain to them how the Roster System has been implemented as it has done with Ministers, MLAs and political parties.
One of the difficulties in transporting this coin is that the equipment has not been received yet.
Furthermore, at the meeting, the people decided that if the KHADC uses force without the consent of the village headmen and the people to change the Hima, they will not refuse to turn to the Hima. office of the District Council to express their opposition and to hold strong protests.
He added that if adequate protection is provided, hundreds of crores of rupees are needed to completely block the flow of the river, and if only temporary protection is provided, it will be as if he had broken the money into billions of pieces.
“Before accepting them, the Ministry has fulfilled the requirements as laid down by the government,” said the director in charge of the Ministry.
Ricky Pathaw said that the CEM has said that he will first set up an Administrative Reform Committee and the Recruitment Policy will be introduced. This is so that all the youth will have the opportunity to contest for the vacant positions within the Council and that the MDCs should no longer be appointed by people whom they like.
Do these trees not survive even after the road is completed? The opposition may be a short-term thought that they did not consider carefully before opposition.
The third from the same father and the fourth from the same father.
Shillong: U Jitendra Singh, Minister of State for Home Affairs (DONER), today said that Article 370 has nothing to do with Article
This incident has saddened not only the parents who have lost their beloved children but also the residents of Khliehumtrew as a whole.
?" Lydia answered.
At this meeting, Dr Kharlukhi introduced and honored Bah Ransom by wearing a scarf and announced Bah Ransom as the NPP candidate from Shillong North Constituency for the upcoming MLA elections (2023).
The total cost of construction of the house is T.7.00 lakh.
In terms of the percentage of students who passed, the Matric results were lower with 54.31%, while in XII the percentage of students who passed was 68.13%. .
However, the shalan is not the right one to sign with AH&Vety.
Investigation is ongoing to find out the facts.
Some criticize that this is a ploy to raise the price of goods, the way of life of people in the world and then to threaten with various diseases and global warming. and the idea itself is, that only the rich shall live on earth, while the poor shall no longer be able to save themselves.
Eye benefits : Lutein is one of the most important nutrients found in this vegetable that helps prevent eye diseases such as cataracts and can fight against eye damage in the middle of age, which is the leading cause of blindness in many elderly people.
This is a delay tactic on the part of the Government," he said.
Shirup Suting (73) scored the second goal.
Jigo Josam won the Best Veteran award, Salchi Sangma won the Best Woman Player award and Princestar Sangma won the Best Unrated Player award.
There was also an attempt to destroy the Khasi race of the children of a woman whose father was a foreigner.
In order to promote India's exports, the Central Government is opening up the participation of exporters, FPOs/FPCs, traders in various markets around the world by holding meetings. between sellers and buyers at more than 16 international trade fairs.
And at the end of the 1335 days, Daniel said – “Blessed is he that watcheth, and cometh to the 1335 days” Daniel 12:1
Meghalaya has also launched the Meghalaya Electric Vehicle Policy 2021 with the aim of improving the quality of our environment and bringing about cleanliness in the air.
The opening of the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday witnessed a heated argument between the MLAs of the Voice of the People Party especially the President of the party who is also the MLA of Nongkrem, Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit and the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on the use of Hindi by the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan in his speech on the opening day of the Budget Session in the Assembly. The VPP MLAs fled the Legislative Assembly while the Governor was delivering his speech after the Speaker Thomas A Sangma had allowed the Governor to use Hindi despite the opposition of the VPP MLAs.
We all know everything.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South Central East Circle, Pynursla on 16th June 2022 has raided the documents of the road workers of SS Infrazone Company and ARSSS, which are constructing the 2 lane National Highway. -40, the road from Dawki to Shillong.
It was also found that some of the village headmen do not allow any of the village youths who ask or investigate these foreigners.
“This construction of the outpost by the BGB troops shows that they have violated the status quo because according to the law, nothing can be built within 500 meters of the border. The Outpost has been built and it still falls under Dawki,” said Mankhraw Rangsain.
Minister Kodin said that the Executive Committee of the Hima meets three or four times a month, but no issue has been brought to the EC regarding the NOCs issued by the Syiem. “We rely on the Pa'iem who is the supreme authority and we do our jobs on the orders of the Majai. “He is not allowed to do anything without his knowledge or to act on his own,” said Kodin.
We have seen in the elections that those who have won with wealth have gone in search of wealth which has encouraged the destruction of the party from time to time and they are quick to change their minds and the basis on which the budget has been laid. The Deputy Chairman of the Planning Commission, Dr. Montek Singh, has accused the government from Delhi to the state, which has affected the development works of the villages due to the culture of corruption which has become widespread and the political leaders. earth.
During the search operation, the police seized 67 klongs of drugs from the plates of these youths along with drug injection needles.
The foundation stone laying ceremony includes the rehabilitation and cleaning of the old road to Rilbong Community Hall and Jingkieng Umshyrpi Road, Rilbong at a cost of 4.35 crore tyngka.
With this, Shillong Lajong have now won all three games and have improved three points from the last three games.
On the part of the Chief Guest, Bah Paul Lyngdoh who is also the MLA of the area, praised the Seng Kynthei for their ability to continue their service to the community in their journey since 1971- 72 until I reached 50 years of age.
At the same time, he urged the government to extend the age of Muster Roll employees to 62 years and urged the Prime Minister to take action.
Thakur was speaking to reporters on the opening day of the Lok Sabha session.
Hundreds of employees of the GHADC, who are under the umbrella of the Non-Gazetted Employees Association, have finally submitted a report to the Executive Committee headed by Albinush Marak of the NPP, by 15th November to pay for the clean-up of the GHADC. salary not suspended.
Shillong: The teachers of St Edmunds College, Shillong, today held a sit-in in front of the college to demand the reinstatement of the teachers of the college. Jeffreyson Wahlang, who has been suspended from the college without any reason.
He said the discussion was to strengthen the security forces by the BSF and the state police at the border.
It is the largest program in the state for the welfare of farmers, FOCUS.
The construction of the toilet was led by Bah Rangkynsai Lapang Chairman of the Society in the presence of the members who participated in the construction of the toilet in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong of Nongjri Umsohlang. u Bah Tynrai Great Malieh.
Shillong, Naitung 7: U Bah M. Shullai, Junior Engineer, PHE Department, has lodged a complaint with the Jowai PS Police Station that on the 4th of this month, while inspecting the Sohphoh Water Supply Scheme (WJH), found that twenty-three water pipes with a diameter of 50mm had been stolen.
Dlessing Lyngdoh scored the second goal for Chilliangraij SC in the second leg of the second leg. Nangbah Iawmusiang SC beat Chilliangraij SC 3-0 & 88, Sowanmiki Thubru in the 90+1 minutes.
Members must be residents of the state.
Those who go to Khanapara will be fined. It is not enough to fine only the owners of the houses.
The 3rd St. Joseph's Football Tournament started on Saturday with Nonglamin beating St Joseph's FC 4-3 at Shingtoi Stadium, Nongtalang.
LP School Namdong beat Moobakhon 3-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
He is posted as Deputy Commissioner,East Jaiñtia Hills District.
The death toll of security forces members fell by 71 per cent from 458 to 132, while the death toll of civilians fell by 86 per cent.
Robertjune said this while speaking at a meeting in Iawmusiang after the march from Mihmyntdu to Iawmusiang.
On receiving this information, police from Laitumkhrah Police Station rushed to the scene and confirmed that a child under 18 years old and a boy under 18 years old, had been arrested. grabbed by three men while taking a stroll in the evening.
Besides, through modern technology, we have been able to simplify the payment process to the ASHAs which takes only a few months instead of many months,” said the statement.
At the same time, he said the government is taking measures to revive the MMDC.
In Meghalaya too, it is difficult to prevent this practice of unclean marriage.
Racing, Jowai.
If the disease does not spread soon, how many killings have happened in Meghalaya?
In this regard, the movement strongly requests the Returning Officers and the Deputy Commissioner to take action.
The main reason, which they discussed on the occasion, was on the ground that the electricity bill has suddenly increased, because some households have low electricity consumption and which they used to pay only Rs. 700 per month in the past, but now you have a sudden increase and that is, Phew thousand and some spirits have reached Lak tyngka.
He said that this festival will be more special and urged the public to attend this festival which is organized by the District Council in order to preserve the culture and traditions of the Khasi especially to showcase to the people the richness of the Khasi culture since ancient times.
In this regard, the four policemen have been suspended.
In another match, Narwan SC beat Jarain SC 2-0
“The report further stated that an altercation occurred between the two groups.
He said the government should take responsibility and assured that the government will take action on the creation of the district in Sohra.
He said that the police have already registered a complaint lodged by the Magistrate on the incident.
Three of the sixth place winners including the two top two winners Aditi and Jyothi won the tournament. They were able to play well in their ability to win.
As the union has already promised from the beginning to demand from the authorities to immediately demolish the illegal houses in Lum Survey and if they cannot do anything, it will take action.
The program was attended by a training on the theme, “Together Development Lecture” in the presence of many women and elders of Umsaitshriew village as well as staff from Nehru. Yuva Kendra (NYK) and on the same day, a cleanliness drive was also conducted on the streets of the village by removing plastic.
However, as we lose our lives, we can remember this as less, but we long for the better.
The residents of Motphran and Khyndailad on Saturdays are very busy because of the overcrowding.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Chief Leader Lambokstarwell Marngar, while writing on the central government's plan to mine uranium in the state, said that it is the responsibility of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) to mine uranium in the state. the 60 leaders in the state to support the initiative of the central government.
After the funeral, the hospital informed that the accused had died and was admitted to the hospital.
This fruit is rich in pectin fibre, pectin has a different power, which can help with stomach problems and if there is a stomach ulcer, which works according to the demands of the body.
“It is also worth mentioning here that this is the birth anniversary of our Prime Minister, Narendra Modiuba who worked body and soul to build a prosperous India.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner has promised to take action by sending the SP to inspect the area, but till now no sign of the DC's action has been seen. The Hima cannot protect its own people, the children of the Hima, by bringing them to the Hima's office.
Tina Lakiang, Secretary School Managing Committee, RC Eve Secondary School, Mihmyntdu in her speech urged everyone to know about this special day which is one of the benefits especially for the children who are still growing up. you are a human being.
Paul said that even scientists have proved that how the sound of Lord Krishna's voice produces a lot of milk and this is the science of ancient times and this is necessary to bring. again in this present age.
He alleged that the government has not implemented these orders because they are afraid that they will not get money from the road.
Shillong: The HITO together with the district authorities of East Khasi Hills District today inspected Keatinge Road near the road leading to Lady Keane College. They have received complaints from the public, parents, youth and students that this place is not safe and has become a place for drinking marijuana, alcohol and drugs.
“I don't see any power struggle and we shouldn't look at this,” he said when asked about the Governor's refusal to accept the state government's proposal to establish a government. He said that the refusal of Governor Tathagata Roy to accept the government's proposal to introduce administrator rule in KHADC, may be because the Governor may have his own opinion to strengthen the administrator rule in KHADC. The government will consider this.
In the competition organized by KNIKMS, Dapsming Kynjin won the first prize, Lamet Phawa won the second prize in the singles shooting, Lamet Phawa and Carlin Phawa won the second prize in the doubles shooting. Kynjin and Budlangki Lakiang.
For a while, there was a heated argument between the KSU members against the management of the school, in which the KSU members demanded that the management should reduce the price they have set. .
These two items were postponed after the counting of votes.
Shillong, March 02: Police today arrested two robbers from a house in Jhalupara.
But I have experienced in the priesthood, I have experienced as a pastor of the Presbyterian Church and the Church.
The meeting was attended by Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, Meghalaya State Planning Board, Chairman, Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States. , to explain on these new Village Acts which will be enacted soon by the KHADC authorities and without doubt the JHADC authorities can enact similar Acts.
The KSU leader said that the KSU leaders will arrive in Shillong tomorrow and will speak to the media on their journey in Delhi to oppose the Bill.
He said the Government has proceeded to prepare an Expression of Interest for companies to joint venture in MCCL. “Tell them that we don't have the money to give and even if the Prime Minister gives us Rs 5 or Rs 10 crore, after a few months they will come back with the same problems,” he said.
The village also has a mission school run by the Smit Presbyterian Church only up to Class-V and through the Village & Water Sanitation Committee, many households in the village have their own toilet.
On the other hand, the KSU strongly condemns Amitesh for his unfounded complaint against the President Rangbah of the KSU and the KSU strongly condemns the United Bengal Liberation Army (KSU) who did not know that it was missing but came. The KSU and the Hynniewtrep people.
Shillong, July 24: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today absent the inauguration ceremony of the Integrated Check Post (ICP) at Dawki. Along with the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju, he will be the chief guest.
Other states like Nagaland and Mizoram also have powers similar to Articles 371(A) and 371 (G), but only on customs, land and religion and not on other areas.
The meeting also elected the office bearers of the VDP for the term 2020-2021. They are Chairman – Mr. Pil Syrti, Vice Chairman – Mr. Aiu Talang, Secretary – Mr. Nidahun Lamare and others. piece.
Shillong, November 2: The Excise Department of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills today seized 54 song of heroin from Khlieh Iewduh from a man while he was carrying in plastic.
“This action of the Municipal has violated its own law which has been passed without following the law when disposing of garbage such as medicines and others,” said the HYC. sma has not been working for 7 months now and it will be very dangerous for people who can get sick from this waste from this landfill.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday informed the House that agriculture will not be recognized as a factory while Food Processing will be recognized as a factory. .
This road is very important as it connects these border villages with the Bholaganj Land Customs Station and will also be a tourist attraction.
Speaking as the chief guest at the groundbreaking ceremony, the MLA of Nongstoiñ congratulated Kong B.Kharbani, the owner of the land who has donated 13 acres of land for the construction of the building. this school.
The images of children, paralyzed children and those killed by bomb blasts will never be erased from our memory.
The president of India doesn't have the power to stamp pad.
The National People's Party (NPP) is seen as one of the strongest parties in this election; This is because the party has been able to attract the most leaders in the state in the last five years and in 2023 it will be interesting to see whether the party will be able to attract the people as it was able to attract leaders from other political parties.
In the Lower Primary School category, Kamsing LP School won the male category and Kharkhana Govt LP School won the female category.
In this regard, the union on 28th June met with the Executive Engineer of PWD in Nongstoiñ to inquire and lodge a complaint on the road.
According to findings from various schools, carrying heavy school bags all the time affects the body and the entire back of the child and can have long-term effects. all the shirts.
According to him, ACHIK also attended the meeting.
On the evening of 22nd and 23rd December 2022 there will be a concert, group dance and Christmas DJ songs.
Shillong: Khadsawphra College today welcomed Sumarlang Marwein, Class XII (Arts) student who won the gold medal in the Hong Kong Karate Do tournament.
She also admitted that these five persons were carrying weapons which they had stolen after they shot dead two BSF personnel last month, they were carrying two AKs and 2 Insas belonging to the army, according to the report.
And as the High Court has expressed its doubts, we too agree that we cannot trust this police force which is currently operating in Meghalaya.
According to Bah Ronie, if the name is taken without getting the land, it could cause problems to the government.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 19: Ka KAM Meghalaya on Monday launched an election campaign song titled 'Ka Kam Kan Ïalam', with the aim of explaining and raising awareness among the people before the election. to decide to elect the leaders of the state.
Police have been searching for the pastor and arrested him from a hotel in Kohima, Nagaland, on Tuesday.
Indeed, in previous years when the population was still low, we still got Khasi cows and Khasi pigs to slaughter in the market.
According to a statement sent by the leaders of the KSU Zones and Units, the Election Department has not been able to release the names of the KSU members from the Zones and Units. various as directed from the beginning that all should be brought to explain by 12:30 pm.
Nongpoh: Umtyrkhang Sports Club have won the title of the 1st Maitshaphrang Knock-Out Football Tournament 2018-2019 after beating Umlaper Sports Club 2-1 in the final. This was held at the Umlaper Sports Ground in Ri Bhoi.
Many of them are poorly clothed and have not received enough food for many months, the source said.
It is not known whether the NPP will be able to rule alone and the EC in KHADC will be involved because in any case it will have to think of its own MDCs who win to appoint CEM, Chairman if not Minister in the State Government.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the Cabinet meeting on Friday discussed the report submitted by the High Level Committee. it is the theme of the Sweeper Colony.
If the MLA does not do anything within 10 months, the people will not be able to come out and repair the road.
