When the Khasi finished, he said, 'What do you want?'
He said that until now, the AG of the Air Force has come to inspect without taking any action and has been discharging the water without stopping.
The Khasi man from Khlieh Umwang village was shot dead by a man named Romesh Thapa from Madan Umwang village. The shooting incident took place at Madan Umwang village. He was injured and was taken to NEIGRHIMS, but later died due to severe injuries.
He who laughs, should have wept, he who is happy, should have been alone.
Shillong, Nailur, 03: The Central Executive Council of the United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) on Tuesday welcomed two members of the party, former MIPF leader Donbok. AV Khongsit and Freddy Kurbah, leader of the KJLU. They said that their joining the UHM is on many grounds.
Many farmers from Meghalaya including Soh Ñiamtra, Soh Trun and others have participated in the exhibition. others are rep.
Marcus Marten urged the state government and the district authorities of Ri Bhoi, to take action in the search operation, so that the infiltration of those who are not found in the country can be prevented. Meghalaya is close to Assam, because it is true that Meghalaya is close to Assam.
Other speakers included Sanatan Das, Secretary of the All Hynniewtrep People United Front (AHPUF) and Chandame Sungoh. The organization has also donated 8 tables and chairs.
In East Khasi Hills, 13 health workers have been confirmed, in Nongmynsong 10, 14 from outside the state and others.
An SBI ATM in Churachanpur District has been robbed of T 1.15 crore.
Here too you don't have to worry, when there are questions the answers are there.
Shillong, June 4: Almost all the leading leaders of KHNAM today attended the 15th Anniversary Celebration of the party which was held at the residence of Bah Adelbert Nongrum (Working President) in Jaiaw.
Bindo recalled the biria that these members who left had taken at the Sawangka.
The High Level Committee (HLC) has renamed the protest in Mawlai as the Peace Committee but the government has appointed the same person to lead the protest as the Deputy Chief Minister. The Judicial Inquiry has been used in Mawlai instead of the Magistrial Inquiry of Harijan Colony in Mawlong.
All types of jobs require various education and training.
Balsan's mother demanded that the case should be handed over to the CBI to investigate those involved in the murder of her son.
According to Arbornson Wanniang, the two knives were found from a site where they were planning to build a sub center in Mawpud.
“The Principal has also cooperated with the police department and we will get more details soon,” he said.
He said that the International Rotary Club first recognized and encouraged him and later he received encouragement from the Meghalayan Age Ltd, and other departments but it is not enough to provide the equipment to become a Rotary Club. industry because it demands a very high cost.
He said that the union is against the company on the grounds that it releases garbage into the stream which supplies drinking water to the people in Umsning area. support and those who oppose.
The Meghalaya Trinamool Congress (TMC) on July 11 released its election campaign song titled 'Hoi Kiw Haka TMC'
Rose boarded a bus to Goalpara.
If the people give their support to the VPP, there will be nothing that will be a stumbling block for the party to stand for the Jaitbynriew.
“Because the MPSC has not been able to conduct interviews for three years, the goal of the Board is to complete the appointment process as soon as possible. I don't know whether to continue or not,” said Conrad.
“I have noticed that even the strongest tourism destinations around the world, like London by the way has been experiencing days of civil unrest that in the state has not seen in decades ago and yet we would not be able to safely count on such incidents," he added.
Before 10 pm, a phone call came from the village.
Police have arrested a suspect identified as Lalbiakdik Vaiphei, 39, of Mandanriting, East Khasi Hills.
Promotion of the country's languagesTo ensure the preservation, development and promotion of all the languages ​​of the country, the NEP has proposed to establish the National Institute of Translation and Interpretation (IITI). or Institutes) for Pali, Persian and Prakrit, to strengthen Sanskrit and all language departments in HEIs, and the use of mother tongue as a medium of instruction in many programs of HEI. The internationalization of education will be through the cooperation of institutions and the exchange between students and teachers and the allowance of world renowned universities to open educational institutions in our country.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Sounder Strong Cajee said that the decision on any fight does not depend on one's own decision but it also requires understanding and cooperation from all because if in the preparation for this election campaign, he alone has not reached anywhere.
Shillong, July : The NPP Youth Wing Mawlai Block will distribute awards to those students who have scored 75% or above in the SSLC and 70% or above in the HSSLC, including the Top 10 and Top for the students of Mawlai constituency.
“Later, those people received 10,000 tyngka and after three and six months, letters from the bank reached all those people about 70 to 80 people that they had to pay the loan they had taken about 2 lakh", he said.
They said that if the government sends them permits, they are ready to go ahead and receive the permit in the name of Rapido.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, today said that Meghalaya has now been free of Covid-1
He expressed his concern over the increasing number of part-time school dropouts and hoped that by implementing this new NEP, we will be able to use our skills and transfer those skills to others. other benefits that can further develop the country.
Out of the 600 wells, only 96 wells were completed by HPL earlier after it left the company.
In another incident, Arjun Joshi lodged a complaint with the Police that on 29th November 2023 at about 11.40 pm he found that unidentified robbers had stolen the Secondary Batteries from the Junction box of CCTV camera installed at Laban Cultural Club, Batti Bazar, Shillong.
Regarding the ownership of this land and to clarify regarding the ownership of this land, some journalists have received confirmation that this land is owned by Kong. Minorica Thangkhiew is not owned by the Kur Thangkhiew as reported in the media on the occasion of the inspection by the Minister of State, Bah Paul Lyngdoh and Chairman of the MTDC, Bah Sanbor Shullai on the 26th of this month. in the presence of senior government officials.
However, he said that this order will not apply to the security police.
Police of Ummulong Beat House immediately rushed to the scene in the presence of the residents.
More than 70 cows died in the cow shed in Ayodhya, where 36 cows died and in Pratapgarh, where 35 cows died.
As mentioned above, the cooperation of all is needed to eradicate or overcome this evil, not only the police or some civil society organisations, it is not enough.
Six militant members sustained serious injuries and were taken to hospital.
He has scored ten goals in 47 international appearances.
“Why don't the Assam Police go and build their camps in these areas and he said don't set up camps in these areas and if they want they can set up camps in these areas. “It's not like we're going to be able to do anything,” said Pangniang.
If necessary, there will also be a show cause for both cases so that they can be resolved.
The prize money for the winners is T.20,000 for the winner, T.10,000 for the second and T.5000 for the third. amount.
Rupang today spoke to one of the lawyers of Dr. Fenela L. Nong Lait.
Why don't those who die in the grave agree with you, because they are dead?
Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar expressed his satisfaction to see that the work has progressed and it is hoped that it will be completed by June,
Clearly, the plague could have come into the tents of Israel.
In the human body, the content of water is at least 70 percent, and only then did we understand the importance of water.
Doctors said that the 5-year-old child is fortunate that the chewing gum has not yet set the snier and the condition of his body is still going smoothly. the food shall devour the snier, and great danger shall come upon thy life.
Their income needs have been addressed, thus bringing about progress and creating job opportunities,” said the Finance Minister.
Mr. J. Herbert Roberts called this place “The Khasi Hills”.
Bansharai Sun scored the first goal for Seven Brothers in the 80th minute to make it 5-1
On Saturday, the picture of the Meghalaya Police fleeing from the Karbi attack in Lapangap area, West Jaintia Hills, spread around until the police and the Meghalaya government were arrested. crane beiñ crane khoh is not available.
Rao has shown symptoms of the disease and is undergoing treatment.
It is not surprising that when you were in the Congress party, you were able to bring in Margret Alva, the Union Minister at that time, and other Union Ministers.
On the other hand, Kong Blah, Election Department, West Jaintia Hills District, said that if anyone complains or corrects any errors, they should do so within the deadline from today until the 6th. November 2023, also to use forms 6, 6A, 7 and 8 according to their request.
The CEM, who is also a Congress MLA, said that if the government wants to pass the bill, it should have submitted a written statement 10 days before the start of the Legislative Assembly.
Through this opening ceremony, the hospital will also become a screening center for various diseases and will also be one of the most prominent health centers in the North East.
Shillong, July 18 : How far the government can amend the Reservation Policy is the biggest question as the demand is only from the leaders of Khasi and Jaintia Hills while the leaders of Garo Hills. they listen and demand to be maintained as well.
The recruitment date for the post of Soldier General Duty and Soldier Tradesman for East Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills, South West Khasi Hills and Ri-Bhoi will be held on the 20th of this month while on the 21st of this month. On the other hand, it will be held for the youth of West Jaintia Hills, East Jaintia Hills, East Garo Hills, West Garo Hills, North Garo Hills, South Garo Hills and South West Garo Hills.
During this programme, the BSF Meghalaya Frontier has taken an active part in cleaning up its bases as well as in the neighboring villages as part of a special campaign at all the BSF Meghalaya Frontier offices.
The Seng also said that if those involved in this crime have any reason, they should take action through the law and not with the intention of taking the precious life of a human being.
(Police Bazar) and Motphran to start running Odd-Even from 05th July.
Nongstoiñ, November 03: On Saturday, November 2, 2023, the Meghalaya State Legal Services Authority (STA) in collaboration with the District Legal Services Authority (DLEA) West Khasi Hills, various government departments and stakeholders, Mega Camp cum Awareness Program related to NALSA Scheme and other Government Schemes on the theme 'Bridging the Gap'
“The collapse of the Dome also shows the collapse of our skills in environmental governance.
Contractors who still need to bring in foreign contractors can continue their work and must also obtain permission from the district authorities.
Furthermore, the Shep in charge of the slasha farms in Assam also come for treatment at this hospital.
We have seen that since the lockdown was extended in the past few months, this government has been living well only on alcohol.
In today's hard times, even if you have enough income, it is difficult to build good and healthy families.
The Nongthymmai MDC said that he had asked the Block for clarification on the formation of the Gram Sabha Committee but they too could not clarify.
However, this order by Kong Kurbah has angered many commercial vehicle drivers especially taxi drivers who have to pass through this road every day.
Criticism from neighboring villages, and even political leaders have rushed to the site, promising to clear the main road.
Second Corinthians 7:10 says, "For godly sorrow worketh repentance to salvation not to be repented of: but the sorrow of the world worketh death.
Avoid using soap:- According to research, many men do not wash their faces with soap.
Besides this assistance, the education department of Manipur is also preparing to bring in volunteer teachers to provide educational facilities for these refugees.
Sankhlur Phawa scored the first goal for Jalayiah UTD in the 14th minute while Promi Tariang scored the first goal for Ladrymbai Dongwah in the 69th minute.
A German delegation led by Dr Utta Bolhoef from the German Development Cooperation has visited the state to suggest strategies and measures to be implemented in various ways to restore the environment. This state, which is known as the city of peace, has begun to collapse.
However, as a group, we urge all the indigenous people not to lose heart, not to listen and not to succumb to the authority of the authorities.
However, what is essential for the development of tourism is peace and the absence of protests or transquitly disrupting the orderly life in the country. and the state.
He said he is pleased to open this Shlem Jingtip to preserve the environment, customs and traditions and to provide training to those who have been established by the ancestors.
For this purpose, the age judgment for the players will be held on the 11th July and the tournament will start on the 14th.
There is a slight amendment to the Flag Code of India 2002 dated November 30, 2021 which prohibits the use of flags made of cotton, polyester/wool/silk or khadi. suh kti is hina and that machine.
“One message I would like to give to the foreigners who trade within the boundary of the council, don't think that you will be able to trade freely here, don't be happy because of the duty given to us, we will go to and those who do not recognize the district council, even if it has to be closed, we will close it.
The match between the two teams was very strong but unfortunately Ñiaw Wasa didn't have a chance to score and scored 3 goals and made Lajong win the match. competition.
The Chief Minister, N. Biren Singh, has arrived at the scene and talked to the people who informed that the Kuki robbers have continued to shoot from the hills using firearms. today.
Lamphrang Blah, MDC of the area who is also the Chairman of KHADC was the chief guest and in his speech, he said that the 10th Anniversary of the party is a true victory and it has forgotten the problems faced by the party. when they began to finish the work.
Accommodation prices in Ahmedabad, Gujarat and airfares have risen sharply as many people prepare to witness the World Cup cricket final between India and Australia. on Sunday at the Narendra Modi Stadium.
The Union Territory will be headed by the Lieutenant Governor and the Governor of Telangana will also be the Governor of Hyderabad for a term of 40 years.
Shillong, July 16: In the past few years, youths from Lum Jaintia who apply for jobs through the MPSC have been able to write examinations for jobs. but this year Jowai has lost its name as the examination centre.
The Chairman's decision came after a group of 25 MDCs including the ruling and opposition parties came to request the Chairman in writing to convene a special session. kieh.
The CSR department of Star Cement Lumshnong, has taken the initiative and distributed electricity, which is Solar Energy, to all the households in Pandare village, including two churches in Pandare village. The CSR department has also installed five street lights in the village at a cost of T23,000 (twenty-three thousand). ) tyngka per street light, this has been a blessing to the villagers, especially to the students.
Distrustful, the mother of the young woman refused to give and demanded that he should first fulfill what he had promised first, that is, to give her and her daughter a job, but after this According to the mother of the girl, the man has disappeared completely without coming back and although the mother of the girl has tried to phone him but she cannot find his Facebook account. use more.
The Rs 75,000 crore Pradhan Mantri Kisan Samman Siddhi (PMKSS) scheme was announced in the last budget and was temporarily implemented by the Modi government ahead of the 2019 elections. 12 crore farmers with less than 2 hectares of land have received T.6,000 per annum.
The meeting also decided that all the Presidents and Secretaries of the various working circles of the party in East Khasi Hills will remain as Executive Members of the Executive Committee of the UDP Youth Wing.
He said that from Kamphaduli to Mawsikar there are no other ethnic groups like Rabha, Boro or Assamese except Garo, Khasi and Nepali. They don't have a place anywhere to settle down because they are not Indians.
They said that the party has decided to hold a public campaign which started on 16th October and will continue till 26th October.
Shillong: The NPP MDC candidate for the mid-term MDC election from Langrin, Bah Kitboklang Nongrem, has admitted that Martin M Danggo has left the country without any consultation with the people, as happened in “We joined the NPP in 2018 on the basis of getting a Civil Sub-division and Bah Danggo told us at that time, as leaders “When we lead the party, the goal is to serve the people,” said Bah Kitboklang.
In Boxing, which was postponed on Friday due to natural disasters, the final match was held on Thursday at the Community Hall, Mawlai Mawroh.
At the time of writing, the body of the girl is still at the Civil Hospital for post mortem.
Jowai, Naiwieng 20: Border Security Force (04 Bn BSF) in Meghalaya on Saturday seized 1025 bottles of Phensedyl worth T.2.1 lakh from those who tried to smuggle it. They were smuggled to Bangladesh from the border of West Jaintia Hills.
As usual every year, on the first day the Lyngdoh performs the sacrifice, on the second day is the day of sum and clean and on the third day the shad sukra begins. After this the Lyngdoh announces that it is time to sow the seeds in the fields and on this day the ceremony is held. Pastieh in Tuberkmai Village.
Shillong, Nailar 13: On 11th Nailar, Police have received a complaint from Ravikant Kumar, resident of Laitumkhrah, Shillong that in 2013, Meena Bharaj of Happy Valley, Shillong, stole money up to Tk .3.50 lakh tyngka from him by promising to get a job in the Railway Department, but he has not yet received the appointment letter from the Railway Department.
I have also sent an inquiry,” said Conrad.
Attempts were made to get information on the political situation within the Congress party from some of its leading leaders and when spoken to by phone, many of them gave the reason that they are not in the state and abroad. They said they had received information that the MPCC would call an emergency meeting to discuss the matter.
A Pakistani plane, a PK-218 from Abu Dhabi, landed at Peshawar airport with 128 people on board.
Steven added that others who came to take part in the screening of the film also praised him.
Participants included Dr N Mozika, Head of the Airports Authority of India.
It is also like milk for nourishing 1 Peter 2:2
“Hooid, now it's time to go.
“On 29th July 2022, the Meghalaya Football Association held a meeting to discuss the activities of RMSW&SA and we have decided to hold a meeting with all the office bearers of RMSW&SA and other Sports Clubs not affiliated with The RMSW&SA will hold a meeting on the 23rd November 2022 at the Dorbar Hall Neng Gate at 11 am to elect the new office bearers of the RMSW&SA,” said a statement from SS Rapthap General Secretary MFA. The meeting will be conducted by the MFA. There are many ways to improve and empower the strengthening of the mind, memory and thinking.
Up to 50 farmers from East Jaintia Hills attended the training. The training was explained on the need to produce more milk and pork to meet the needs of meat consumers in the district and the state. whole.
However, the CJM refused to grant bail and asked for Thabah's record.
“The Congress' allegation on this incident is only an attempt to insult because the Congress knows that it will lose the election,” he said.
“We will proceed according to the decision of the Seng,” said Bah Rapsang.
On the other hand, the village on this occasion as an encouragement to the youth of the village also distributed awards to 4 youths of the village who have come forward and completed various courses.
Khliehriat nohprah 4: The Ephphatha Society is a non-governmental organization in East Jaintia Hills District which looks after and cares for people with disabilities since its establishment in has done a lot of great work in supporting the people who are special citizens and today also held a special program for those with disabilities, as a celebration of the International The program was held at Sutnga Presbyterian School.
TMC National General Secretary Abhishek Banerjee was also present at the meeting along with TMC Meghalaya President Charles Pyngrope and other TMC candidates from Shillong.
There have also been cases where the residents have tried to turn aside but due to the lack of recognition of the drivers, the residents have had to turn back for fear of injury.
When they have finished using it, they throw it away without anything else.
The father went to cut the cow in the field.
Mr Leonard Rabon, Village Headman.
Furthermore, the EJNC, HANM and JSM have demanded from the Secretary Member DSC that from now on, CCTV cameras should be installed during the conduct of any DSC examination so that the fighting will be free. She also promised to take before the DC this demand of the three organizations.
“We cannot ignore this fact.
I don't know where my tomorrow will lead me, but one thing I am happy that my first love has come back to me and how happy I am that I don't have words to explain. talk to her every day".
The victim was rushed to Ialong Civil Hospital but he died shortly after sustaining injuries.
I don't want to make a video of this story...??If you don't want to make a story with a video.
It is informed that in case of heavy rain and wind, these trees may fall which can cause danger to the lives of people and households or vehicles passing by. He urged the DC to take action on this issue and ordered the Forest Department to do whatever is necessary to avoid any tragic incident during the coming months of rain and snow.
Tura, July 10: The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills, Swapnil Tembe, today set a goal to make Tura a city free from garbage dumping on the streets. The objective is to fully implement and make the District pollution free with the cooperation and support of the people of West Garo Hills District.
Referring to the Rambrai Jyrngam constituency, only four candidates have been announced, namely KP Pangñiang of the HSPDP and Bah Kimfa S. Marbaniang of the party. He is also an MLA who won from the Congress party, but was suspended after he left to support the NPP-led MDA government and joined the NPP. Goldenstar Nonglong from the Congress and RG Momin from the Independent Candidate.
Kyrmen Swer said that the village has informed the PWD department about the damage to the road, but the department has acted negligently and has not repaired the road which has caused a lot of trouble to the residents of the village. thain when the disease is not shitom.
“We have also taken another decision to issue a notification as the same order of the Hima Mylliem for other markets within the border of the Hima Mylliem. District Council, so that this issue can be resolved immediately”“We have also decided to appoint a special committee headed by the CEM, and will be accompanied by EMs, traders, chief executives and leaders of the HFU to discuss the problems of farmers"
This was an abuse of his power as a public leader which he said was illegal.
“We are trying to bring in the necessary equipment according to the present era to provide services to the people in the government health centres,” he said.
The following are the best drinks that can be prepared by yourself:1
He said that health resources have been expanded, traditional medicine systems have been promoted, and affordable health care facilities have been made available to all.
SILVANUS SUKHLAIN (NPP) – 24273.
The drugs were packed in 55 boxes weighing 638.5 grams. Two mobile phones, a Maruti Suzuki Eeco (AS14 AC 0984) were also seized. one EPIC Card, one Aadhar Card.
We too will stand up against you.
He urged the public to come and see for themselves the glasses that the company has , he said that there are many types of glasses from the glasses that are just used and who is not afflicted with eye disease.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) in a statement sent by Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary of the United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday expressed its regret over the unfounded allegations especially about the right to education. The writings of the former Governor of the State, which are like writings that are inflammatory and also which can cause conflict between the Khasi and Bengalis.
Nongpoh: Taking note of the request of the residents of Marmain area, who wanted to open a PHC in Marmain, which has been going on for several years now, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, has visited the James K. Sangma, Minister of State and Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
When they won again, the MLA from Mawphlang did not contest the election while the MLA from Mawryngkneng lost to the VPP candidate without thinking.
The SHM also demanded that when BOPs are placed on the border, there should be police with weapons and when they are provided with weapons, they should be equipped with bullets and the power to shoot. the power to shoot as happened in Mukroh.
Nongpoh, Nailur 18: The Hynniewtrep Youth Movement (HYM) Ri-Bhoi District, on its inspection of several parts of the 4lane Road in Ri-Bhoi District, has found many shortcomings in the suspension of operations by two companies in Ri-Bhoi District. -Fear.
On this occasion, the 25th Anniversary of the village was also celebrated.
“The North East is closer to the countries of South East Asia.
The Dorbar Kur Syiem Nongshai has also expressed its deep sorrow over the forced removal of Bah Wanphrang Syiem Nongshai as the Sirdar of Nongpoh Elaka. The District Council has lodged a complaint with the District Council to remove the post of Sirdar from the hands of Bah Wanphrang Syiem.
She explained that if children are sent to work, there should also be time to rest and not to be forced to work because their bodies need more time to rest than to work.
Good Friday, Why is it said – Good Friday? Or good Wednesday? On Good Friday we all celebrate the day of Jesus' death.
“This brief speech by the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, on the opening day of the Budget Session shows that he does not respect the House or the state of Meghalaya as a whole. “I don't accept the state,” said PT Sawkmie.
Chau Van Kham was charged with involvement in the Vietnam War and sentenced to 12 years in prison and has been in prison since November
" The king went outside and saw the child.
The UDP is a national party, there are ups and downs, the NPP is in power in the state and the VPP wants to explain the position.
The program began with a keynote address by Bornali Nongrum, State Nikshya Operator who spoke about the World Health Day.
The Reliance Foundation has donated all the necessary equipment to us and the children are now looking forward to getting exercise and playing.
The incident occurred near Kolapara village near Sibbari police station, 85 kilometers from Tura, on the National Highway-6
This market was established in 1957 and is one of the oldest markets in Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, June 10 : The Government has not yet received the reply from the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) on the blueprint prepared by the Government for the relocation of 342 households in Them Metor, Them ïew Mawlong even after the government has set a deadline for them to deliver by the 10th of this month.
Speaking to reporters on being selected for the Golden Lion awards, Cavani said she was filled with joy that no one can explain.
The road from Mawphlang to Mawkyrwat has been the same for a long time, from Mawkyrwat to Nongstoin, the road from Mawkyrwat to Nonghyllam has been worse.
277 schools, 151 colleges and 44 districts from seven states of the Northeast have participated in the NER Car Rally.
If we can do this, the people in the villages will feel blessed,” he said.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has appointed Expenditure Observers in East Jaintia Hills District, including Pushkar Kathuria, IRS. monitor the expenditure of funds by candidates during elections.
The incident was first reported by the Chowkidar of the office.
This year's Behdienkhlam will start on the 11th and end on the 14th of November
Speaking to media, HITO President Bah Donbok Dkhar said that the HITO has also requested RTI from the Ministry of Home Affairs of the State Government on 20th November 2022, but the the Ministry of Defense has not responded to questions so far.
Hiraba was arrested in Gandhinagar Sector
On the other hand, Ennocent said that this is a benami and he thanked the KHADC and the Enforcement Department for taking action on the demand and complaint of the Seng.
Margin Profit Rs.1.00 Per Liter).
In these four years of my life in college I have faced many difficulties but even so I have never given up and I have fought hard to reach the goal of victory.
Turn away from this evil way, and escape destruction, and cast away all the abominations out of thine hand.
He also worked for the Economic Times and the BBC and went on to start the first news website in the Northeast.
“She alleged that the State Government is busy thinking about preparing programs or traveling abroad and said that it has forgotten that its duty is to serve the State.
I feel we should discuss the class fees and make a decision" he said adding “At the end of the day, it's not just a matter of class fees but also integrity.
However, regarding the land in Mawkyrwat, the office will appoint a team of inquiry to find out the truth and the Council will be ready to take over the land,” said the CEM in the House.
Those who wish to buy can pay a fee of $100 and the money will be returned to the buyer.
Meanwhile, Rakkam, who is also the NPP Leader, said that the NPP Leaders have also talked to the Central Government to bring peace in Manipur.
This is what the Bible says: 2 Chronicles 7:14-1
Therefore, the union will consider filing a PIL in the Meghalaya High Court or even in the Supreme Court regarding the emergency and ambulance service in Meghalaya.
“This loss of salary of the Muster Roll for many months has made it difficult for them to meet their household needs and we have decided to hold a strike until we get our salary,” said Pariat. He added that other PWD departments have not suspended the salaries of the muster roll workers.
School uniforms are very expensive, besides one school uniform, other colors have to be sent to wear on different days set by the school principals, expensive books, bookplates. It is no longer permissible to carry those plas that were carried in the past 15 years, but to carry the plas that have been sent properly, and there are schools which have issued a rule that the plas must also be carried. to buy from a school without writing the name of the school.
On the other hand, Marak also gave the names of the schools which can conduct the examination for these students from the state.
At present, almost all the District Jails in the State are facing a serious problem due to the overcrowding of prisoners.
The group was led by Dr. Ryngkat Phawa and walked from Dkhiah West to Shangpung and was attended by young men and women, parents and children.
This incident came just a day after we witnessed another attack by the Karbi who used knives, ryntieh and jri to shoot and intimidate the Khasi Pnars who went to farm in the fields. which is known as Tahpanhes.
Residents can send their complaints in Pnar, Khasi or English, residents who do not have Whatsapp on their phones can also send only SMS to this number.
Guwahati: In a shocking incident, a 35-year-old father has killed and buried his 11-day-old child after he could not sell it at the price of and he gave his daughter to him for a wife.
After no objection from the public, the authorities on that day informed that they have received about 158 ​​letters sent that the public does not have any objection to the company and the report. All the questions raised today will be handed over to the Government which will take a decision after review by the Government.
As they expect, from now on they will be able to descend more and more, with their ryiang, to the waters and rivers.
The statue was erected by Dr. DD Lapang and was inaugurated by Maheh Lapang himself in the presence of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh. The meeting was attended by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Mayralborn Syiem MLA Nongpoh, Bah Charles Marngar MLA Mawhati and other dignitaries of Ri-Bhoi District.
However, with the arrival of Negi and Dippu Sangma, Meghalaya improved their scoring by scoring 97 runs in the remaining 8.5 overs.
According to a statement issued by the Assam government, the Assam government has appointed a team of inquiry headed by a retired judge of the Guwahati High Court.
It is the recommendation of the Hon'ble Minister of Health and Family Welfare to the Chief Minister and the Hon'ble Chief Minister agrees.
After this, when he returns, he will prepare a report to submit to the central government officials who will come to the state and send a copy to the Home Minister Amit Shah.
In the second match, Pateinki Sabah beat Sohmynting Dongnein 4-0
Shillong, Lber 18 : Senior NPP Leader and Resubelpara MLA Timothy D Shira is ready to take over the post of Dy Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly due to the lack of candidates. against in the election.
He said that those who throw money in the elections should be accepted by the people.
Shillong: A policeman of the 3rd MLP Battalion from Meghalaya, PD Sangma, has committed suicide by hanging himself at his residence in Bhutan. Embassy, ​​located in Delhi.
"We stopped firing when we saw the attackers coming in a group led by women.
However, this year 2023, with the initiative of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, they have been able to revive the Lakhempong dance which was held at Ummat on the 21st – 22nd April,
These athletes will now represent India at international events with the aim of qualifying for the Canoe Slalom Events at the Paris Olympics
The theme of the meeting is “Human Security Agenda in the Globalized World”. The organization wishes this young man to reach his destination safely, so that he can do something when he At the same time, the party is proud that there is such a young man from our region who will lead the way to this great tournament of 45 countries.
In Shillong, MCA Honorary Secretary Gideon Kharkongor, Honorary Treasurer Dhruba Jyoti Thakuria and Apex Council Member Peter Macdonald Kharsawian congratulated the Senior Men's Team for representing Meghalaya in the tournament. Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy, which is the BCCI Domestic T20 tournament for men.
Members include Blos Suna, Lomar Challam, John Marboh, Jor Shylla, Nangsanroi Talang, Lington Mukhim, Phes Langstang, Kyrmen Khriam, Meding Bareh, Chimti War, Krekorius Pyrtuh and Krinos. Biam, Balanki War, Circle Sariang, British Dkhar, Ikwis Suting, Phidaris Marboh, Trephi Sariang and Yiang Sana. Choose Advisor to List Suna.
The caller identified himself as Jayesh Pujari, also known as Jayesh Kantha, the same person whose name was used to send the message. threatening messages at the Minister’s office, the police chief said.
“Continue to talk well tonight.
Shillong, Nailar 07: The implementation of the Bye Laws by the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) on the border area of ​​the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) is illegal.
He said that the residents who receive these shawla pay only half the price and half the price has been paid by the District Mineral Funding Trust through the Deputy Commissioner. and to other villages.
Also present on the occasion were Pham Sanh Chau, Ambassador, Embassy of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam, Ram Prasad Subedi, Chairman, Embassy of Nepal in India, Japanese officials in India, Minister Sikkim Government, Chief Secretary Meghalaya, RV Suchiang, foreign officials from Chile, Poland, Austria, United Kingdom and European Union, as well as government officials from the Central Government and other states as well as local employees. , dealer customers and more.
Members of the People's Assembly, East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The Advisory Committee on Khasi Customary Law (ACKCL) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has convened a meeting with the Syiemships. , Sirdarship and Lyngdohship on the 20th of this month, to explain the purpose of strengthening and how to enact their own laws to empower the Chief Executive Members.
Jowai, Nailar 4: A policeman of the 3rd Battalion, who fled the scene after shooting dead a fellow policeman, has surrendered to the police of North Garo Hills.
The production of these buses is part of the efforts to reduce the dependence of people on private vehicles as this is one of the causes of traffic jam, she said.
The website shows that Wansuk Syiem, as a member of the Rajya Sabha, has taken part in 84 debates in the Rajya Sabha and has asked 616 questions and has not brought a single private. Member bill in the meeting.
“For because thou hast trusted in thy works and in thy treasures, thou also shalt be defeated...” (Jeremiah 48:7).
(2) To maintain the borders of the Khasi Jaintia Hills as they are, so that others will not be invaded.
About 3000 KSU members from 350 units including Assam and Manipur came to take part in the election.
The body of the woman was taken to Civil Hospital Shillong for post mortem.
Don't be afraid if we die in the midst of righteousness, if people don't treat us well in the midst of righteousness and knowledge of man and knowledge of God don't be afraid we will receive a peaceful reward at the door of God... ONCE UPON A TIME THERE WAS HUMANITY... Thank you Shihajar Ngooh and Amen.
Mawkriah won the semi final 4-3 after the match ended in a 0-0 draw, and Mawkriah won 4-3 on penalties.
The question now is why the Government has still protected the police of Tactical Team-I, especially the Police Witness No.4 (name withheld) who has confessed to being one of those involved in the clean-up. Mr. Cheristerfield Thangkhiew.
He wished the organization to continue to provide the best service in the coming days. At this meeting, Rtn.
“The intention of the Indian government to implement the Act in Parliament has led many of our youth to go back into the forest,” said Chetia.
Therefore, we strongly support Gopal Dey,” said the Seng leader.
To prove its claim, the TTP, which is an international organization, has released a statement along with photographs showing its presence in powerful positions.
On the other hand, the General Manager of Niraj Cement Structural Corporation Limited said that it is true that Niraj Cement Structural Limited has suspended the work and the department will soon call a new tender. the snowflakes were removed.
In this regard, the union has written to the Minister of Home Affairs to give him nine days to take action to withdraw the BSF, COBRA, SWAT from the Bolkinggre Secondary School. with that work.
He said the total number of tribals in the country has reached 200 million, including NE and Meghalaya.
Two brothers aged 5 and 2 years have lost their lives after their house was burnt down on Sunday.
However, despite the government's efforts to prevent the spread of the disease, it is still spreading in the state.
After making entries as indicated above, details about the number of ST and OSTs/OSCs candidates appointed by reservation, backlog reserved vacancies, if any, may be indicated in Remarks column.
He said the case will be handed over to a team of lawyers and they will prepare a petition to appeal to the Supreme Court.
“With regard to the Domicile Residential Certificate (DRC), a tribal who has received a Tribal Certificate from other states cannot be or claim to be a tribal in this state and should not be issued a DRC if he or she does not Regarding the influx of foreigners in Madanrting, the CEM said that the Rangbah Shnong has said that the They were from Manipur without the knowledge of the Dorbar Shnong but were led by a religious group. Now there are only 32 families but hundreds of others have disappeared.
The HSPDP has three MDCs and these three MDCs including Samlin Malngiang, Teilinia Thangkhiew and Manstudy Nongrem are in the opposition.
In a statement issued by the Secretary of the MHRC, he said that the Commission has taken suo motu cognizance to ensure the rights of those seven unpaid contract workers working in the department. transport in South Garo Hills District.
Regarding the preparedness for the cyclone in the state, a meeting was held today chaired by the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma in the presence of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong and state government officials.
This was taken at their meeting, which was held on Saturday after receiving an invitation from the Prime Minister to discuss the issues related to the Dorbar Shnong.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: The KHNAM Youth Wing has demanded that the transport department should increase the fare of vehicles. earnings, because in just 7 months the price of gasoline dropped by 12 times.
The FKJGP Garo Hills Zone will hold the same protest in different parts of Garo Hills in the coming days until the Government opens up job opportunities for the youth, said Arengh. .
In Sohiong, there are five candidates: Nathaniel Rymbai of the Congress, Samlin Malngiang of the HSPDP, Wankupar Syiemlieh of the UDP, Kyntiew Syiemlieh of the BJP and Prek Mawlong of the independent candidate.
Detailed information can be obtained from the organization.
The raid was conducted by a team of Imphal West District Police under the leadership of SP Imphal West – Dr S Ibomcha Singh, as well as a team of CDO led by DSP CDO/ IW Y Kishorchand and the officer-in-charge of Sekmai Police Station – Inspector Ng Johnson.
On the other hand, Bah Ban Kharnaior, on this occasion, gave advice to the leaders of these two departments and as a leader, he urged them to take advantage of the responsibility for providing the best service to the people of the area in the two offices.
Suting said he does not know whether Dr. Khongjee is a member of the BJP or not and he does not have any documents to prove that Dr. Khongjee is a member. Speaking to u SP News Agency, u Bah Rothel Khongsit, General Secretary of the BJP Sohra Mandal, said that the BJP party in Sohra Mandal has no information about the meeting in Sohra.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong of Ladthadlaboh urged all the Rangbah Shnongs of Ladthadlaboh to get the approval of the Rangbah Shnongs of Ladthadlaboh before they can acquire their land. .
Shillong: There have been 390 cases of covid-19 in the state today and 4 deaths.
He said that according to the records of the Commissioner of Transport (CoT), the new fare under the Motor Vehicle Amendment Act (MVAA) has been issued by the Transport Department since 16th November that is after a 15-day delay.
Shillong, Lber 31: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Public Works Department (PWD) Prestone Tynsong on Friday inaugurated the two newly constructed Two Lane Bridges at Mawlai Wahumkhrah and Umpling hoped that these bridges will help reduce traffic jam in Shillong.
" Linda said.
In 2021, she lost to Karolina Pliskova in the semi-finals.
She alleged that this happened only due to lack of preparation and haste and this has caused trouble to them.
Although the leaders of these four organizations said that they would visit the poor people in Khumlwng, the SP did not allow them saying that 144 CrPC is in force in the area and no one is allowed. to enter the area.
She said that the demand of the people to set up a police station in Mukroh is instead the government's intention to set up a police station in Borato which is against the wishes of the people of the area.
Besides, the union also demands that the government should not byrngem and if the government does anything to the teachers, the union will not allow but will stand together with the teachers in any field.
The traders said that they have tried to ask the government officials in charge of the coal transportation in the area, but they said that until now They have not received orders and have not been able to open their offices including the parking lot and DMR at Riangdo and Dainadubi in Garo Hills.
Although they are very poor in income, they are hardworking.
Father Patrick is the eldest of three brothers and one sister.
The third team went to West Jaintia Hills District.
The Open Basketball Tournament organized by the WJDSA at Thomas Jones Synod College, Jowai has reached its fourth day.
Similarly, the Khasi man does not steal to destroy the blood of his mother's clan.
During the talks, it is expected that Russia will ask for North Korea's powerful missiles and warheads to strengthen the Russian military in the fight. against Ukrainian forces who have received weapons and ammunition from other countries that support Ukraine.
On the other hand, the BJP has released a booklet listing the work done by the Narendra Modi government in the last two years.
The union also urges the patients to take good care of the hospital, by cooperating with the hospital authorities, to bring about a clean environment throughout the hospital. the CHC, he said.
The increase in food prices and the lack of electricity has affected the low income households not only in Meghalaya but in the country as a whole.
The meeting went smoothly from the beginning to the end, but before ending the meeting, Bah KP Pangniang, President of West Khasi Hills, decided to end the meeting. Fenela L Nonglait, one of the ticket applicants, suddenly stood up and said that she wanted to speak, but at that time the HSPDP leaders did not allow her to speak. Many of her supporters, mostly women, stood up to protest at the meeting and then the leaders who supported Bah Daiostar Jyndiang tried to protest among the candidates, but in Finally, one of the elders of the Nongpendeng Dorbar Shnong stood up to speak on the loudspeaker and said, “If you are like this, the Dorbar Shnong also has its own responsibility to do what is necessary”. and the multitude went their own way.
Bah Lapang is one of the most popular MLAs who has won many seats from Nongpoh, and has decided to retire from contesting the election this time.
Mukherjee said the three payments were made within 14 days, and the order was issued on 1st November and announced on 4th November, but the proclamation expired on November 18th.
Jowai, July 12: The All Jaintia Mid Day Meal Workers Union (AMU) on Saturday held another meeting at the Dorbar Hall of Dulong, Jowai, to discuss the issue of The government has not yet responded to their demands.
They feel that only MLAs are important and powerful because the government also respects and respects them especially when they are still MLAs. MP/MLA/MDC/ but many people elect non-MLAs because they are more free to do party work.
According to information received, the incident happened at 9:00 pm this evening when the man fell into the river and the flood swept him away. lose your life.
This information comes through children, brothers and sisters, relatives.
Rev. Pyrtuh's writing says that the healing mission of the Welsh Presbyterian in Khasi Hills began in the time of Dr Owen Richards, who was the first Missionary Doctor (1843-44).
The approval of the Resolutions by the State Government to implement the Inner Line Permit in the State and to recognize the Khasi and Garo Language in Article 8 of the Constitution of India, which is still cut off with the federal government.
Especially, all the members and fellow vendors are requested to arrange for themselves according to the decisions taken at the meetings of the Seng,” said the Seng leader.
Nongpoh: Speaking to media, after the opening ceremony of the Dear Weekly Lotteries at Khanapara, Ri Bhoi District, the organizers of the Dear Weekly Lotteries, have expressed their gratitude to the Dear Weekly Lotteries. The state government, for allowing them to conduct the campaign inside the area.
There are 21 recoveries and no deaths.
The letter was sent to Acting President KP Pangniang.
Jowai: The Football Academy of Meghalaya will hold a trial to select players for the I-League 2019-2
The Pastor said that in his speech, which lasted 10 or 15 minutes, he told about the creation of the universal number 66, where they reached the end of 66 dot dot dot, three dots. They called it a universal response code and they put the shapes of two bar codes dot dot dot and a qr code dot dot and those are in the scientific method.
The most important minerals discovered by the GSI in Meghalaya and the Eastern Region are coal, oil, sandstone, graphite, dolomite, bauxite and iron ore.
He said that the Assam police have forced the people in the area to sign the NRC, and when the people have lodged a complaint with the DC Nongpoh many times but nothing has happened.
He said the party has said that if the Congress party does not clarify on this, its leaders will be shot dead.
And if the Bible works only for the people, where will our religious leaders go? The Bible should not work only in churches, but in individuals, in homes, in villages, in government offices and in our state so that we will never hear about food again. robbers, murderers, rapists... God bless you all who read this good news.
Regarding the death of pigs in the area, the Veterinary Department has sent a post mortem to find out the cause of the death of the pigs. The cause of the death of these pigs and what disease they died of is still unknown, as the report has not been received.
On her deathbed, there was also an inscription on the wall of the house explaining that her husband had an affair with another woman.
That is your statement because he was killed and paid for his murder of others by his own statement.
Furthermore, those who violate will be fined from Rs 200,500 and above along with the signing of their names.
Before the end of the first half, the 20-year-old scored a hat-trick to give Gokulam Kerala FC a 6-0 lead.
The report came after Hezbollah launched an offensive against parts of eastern Israel.
“Jhur such as sohsaw have been destroyed because the farmers cannot bring them back because they will find it difficult to bring them back to their villages when they cannot sell them,” she said.
“Because he is poor, petrol, he can help Thangkhiew, he doesn't have petrol, he doesn't have 5 liters, to 10 liters, and he has money from the pla.
They said that in the past years, the people of this area have never seen MLAs, MDCs and it can be said that it is a village which is lagging behind in the development works that they have received. from Meghalaya, but as it is located near the villages that have fallen under Assam, the village has become more prosperous, due to the lack of development projects from the Assam government, which has created many jobs. development to the villages in Assam.
For freedom and love.
The areas of the Umkhrah River, the Umiam River from Nongpyur, Nongumlong, Sunapani, Umjajew, the Shiliang Um area, the tree hill areas, were destroyed.
The National People's Party (NPP) candidate from Pynthorumkhrah Constituency, Bah Rocky Hek, said that the residents of the constituency call him Bah Sanbor Shullai the second because he helps those who need help. .
He recalled that in 1947-1949, after Independence Day, we had only 6 lakh people and when we demanded the 6th round of The Congress government has listened to these minorities but the BJP has introduced the CAA. Guwahati: Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Finance, Government of Meghalaya, u Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Finance Assam today announced that the price of petrol and diesel will be reduced by T.5 per liter from today.
The meeting was conducted by the Vice President Central Boby, Bah Bawan Nongsiej and started with the patriotic song. Roiwan Sohtun, General Secretary, Central Body and members from all over the Units and Circles.
The fourth is to have a check-up of your bniat at least every six months.
In the Khasi wrestling, the thinkers express their rights and promises according to the promises and promises made by both parties.
Some of the leaders of the party have died, but the remaining 12 have left the party and five have been temporarily suspended for violating the party's rules.
Rupang also had the opportunity to talk to several tourists about the beauty of the place and on their part, they praised the beauty of the hill and also the place is which is beautiful and attracts tourists to stay overnight and relax on this beautiful hill.
On the other hand, Bah Titos W Chyne, Leader of the Opposition in KHADC, said that the visit of the two UDP MDCs to support the group led by Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem is not surprising. you don't already have a slem.
“Regarding the Adhoc teachers, the House has already promised to pay them according to the 5th Pay Commission, but until these days nothing has happened.
Heavy rain and cold weather have hit Lapangap village on the border of Assam and Meghalaya at 12.00 pm on Tuesday.
xxxiv.
He said that during his tenure as Minister of State, they had discussed this subject and thus rejected it.
The list of men's team members is: Balajied Langrin Bornsnar Sangma Dennish AleFriendy John Lyngdoh Kharsyntiew Jason K Bakai Nathaneal Kharbhih Reneldy Rani Jr Elgiva Dancing In The Nazarene Room Dancing With Sangma Larihun MassarCarolyne KharpuriStreamlet B NongrangSilverylne SuchiangUcilia Pyngrope.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah declined to comment on the changes that the HPC wants, saying, “The discussions on the settlement are ongoing.
“We will not join hands with any party or the BJP in the upcoming MLA elections but we will contest,” he said.
The family belongs to Kong Loncy Jyrwa, a member of the Catholic Church and the resident of the house, but now they are at peace and there is no more violence. They went to pray with the Pastor in Lawbyrwa, then the Father came to pray at home and they left the place, when this strange incident happened.
Therefore, in connection with this illegal act of the family members of Ramesh Dkhar, the Seiñ Kur Dkhar East Jaintia Hills, after discussions with them, and also after their own consent, They have requested and promised before the Seiñ Kur Dkhar, to give them time within three months to remove themselves from the Kur Dkhar, in which the Seiñ Kur Dkhar also The Seiñ Kur Dkhar has accepted this request and promises, and it is for this reason that at present, the Seiñ Kur Dkhar, will not take any strong action against them, but will Look and see what they have promised along with the writings before the Seiñ Kur Dkhar.
He said the issue has been discussed between the two countries and there is peace despite the incident.
Walinda Binong, 19, resident of Nongagang Marngar, Ri-Bhoi District, died on 27th June, 2023, and her body was brought to the hospital. will be released on June 30,
“We are very grateful for the speech and intervention of the Chief Justice of India, DY Chandrachud, who urged the Government to take immediate action on this incident.
Shillong, Nailur 24 : The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) Prestone Tynsong on Saturday slammed the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) for its promise to build the Inner Line. Permit and also to include the Khasi Language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of the country just because the elections are approaching.
“If we want to drive away foreigners, it is not with sword, gun or spear in this age, but we must do our jobs by working ourselves and thus they will succeed because they come here. they see that there is still a lot of opportunity to earn," he said.
U Rangbah, while talking to reporters, said that after sustaining injuries to his leg from a stone fall on the 24th at 11 pm, he went to the hospital for treatment. He was taken to a government hospital near the village with blood coming out, but when he arrived at the hospital, he was in great trouble due to the lack of staff to receive and treat him.
The Union of Village Authorities of Ri Bhoi Mihngi (UVSH) has decided to punish those who violate the order to curb the spread of COVID-19, which in Ri Bhoi alone has 31 cases. of the government to fight against and prevent the spread of the disease.
In terms of trees, some have decreased, and perhaps disappeared, while others have emerged.
Therefore, in order to disperse the crowd, the police had to use a little force against them.
Princess Latifa (33), one of the Sheikh's 23 children from seven wives, escaped in June 2018, but was arrested. and is currently in custody in Dubai.
All colleges affiliated to North-Eastern Hill University who wish to participate can submit their confirmation before 20th June 2020 for Volleyball (Men & Women) and 24th June 2020 for Cricket. (Men).
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District today issued an order to close down the house of BL Nongpiur at Madan Laban (Rum), Shillong and the residence of her employees. Saturday State Dispensary on Saturday.
He also blessed all the eight teams who came to participate in this tournament and also to the two teams who started and played today to play well and fight with the spirit of competition so that it will be beneficial for themselves.
Education is one of the tools that need to improve the lives of people because it is what gives them the strength to stand on their own feet in this age.
Always remember that sports and education are related," Sunil added during the six-day programme.
The deterioration of this road has left 6-7 villages from Samasi, Larket, Kseh, Pala, Khahnar, Muknor and others to lag behind in all directions.
GS Warjri said that Sodren Lyngwa is from Pynursla and has come to Umsning and will take over as the Rangbah Shnong of Umsning.
He said that these days there is a need for such Thang Thangbriew places, because this 'Khnap Thangbru' has been built according to the latest science and at the same time the existence of this 'Khnap Thangbru' it will also reduce the deforestation, because compared to those old methods of burning, it has a real impact on the environment in many ways.
Shillong: Ka Sohra, today, received 184.0mm of rainfall from 8.30 am to 2.30 pm.
I do? In order to get dam, the sniaw sbun must be cleaned.
This is the original snap that people understand; just as the rich know only that they must have food, clothing and shelter, the rich and the poor want to have more of all these things than their neighbours.
The IngDorbar also urged the villages, Bhalang organizations, Dorbar Shnongs and everyone to ensure that the people who have fled into Meghalaya, especially from Manipur, should leave when the protests have subsided.
The nation, longing for such people to appear, has begun to obey all that is written, no one can change all that God has put in order.
But if we don’t know what our body is like, how can we prevent the spread of the virus? HIV/AIDS is not only caused by sexual intercourse or drug abuse, but can also be caused by blood transfusions.
Because this Act states that the Hima can no longer register the land but must register only with the District Council because if the same person, the same land will have to register with the Hima and the DC. If this happens, it will cause problems due to the high price and the availability of jyrwit jyrwat. Many of the people may not register at the DC office and this Act will die.
On the last day, the office of the District Skill Development Officer together with the trainers gave various trainings which benefited the children who participated.
Meanwhile, Rakkam A Sangma said that through the establishment of the Processing Unit, not only the price of sohphan will increase but also the price of other varieties of soh will also increase and this will increase income. books of the people of the area.
The relatives of the deceased have been urged to collect the remains of the body from the morgue at the Civil Hospital within three days.
The land for the construction of the road should be purchased at a price for all 20 kilometers and the money has been paid to the land owners, and the ownership of the land for the construction of the road should go to the KHADC. and not to UCIL and started to construct the road through contractors, who were handed over to the supervision of the EM.I/c at that time, Bah JTS Thongni and Bah Syiem, Engineer of KHADC. “These two people have sacrificed their lives to see for themselves the construction of this road in the most difficult times,” said the statement.
The doctors of Jowai Civil Hospital, Ialong, West Jaintia Hills District have been able to help a mother to give birth despite testing positive for COVID-1
The village has been in darkness due to the lack of a transformer supplying electricity to the village and MePDCL has not done anything to repair or replace the transformer to supply electricity to the village.
Shillong, Nailar 8: Relatives of Dajied Kynsai Syiemlieh (a youth abducted to Bangladesh) will pick him up from the India-Bangladesh border at Dalu in West Garo Hills district tomorrow.
According to the latest news, the committee will consider how to send the candidates who apply for tickets for the MP Lok Sabha.
“Drivers should understand that while driving, they should not drink alcohol.
This year the exchange program will be held in Tokyo and other parts of Japan.
We have forgotten our roots and our foundation and our empty house but we have supported the elders who said that we have got Hill State even the Feral Unit as announced on 13th January. 1967 which was described by the APHLC leaders as a Hill State.
The Minister's call to the FASToM leaders came after 24 hours of Adhoc School teachers staying on the footpath opposite the Main Secretariat, Shillong.
Wlazny, 36, a doctor, helps the public by saying, “If you want to have fun and drink a lot of alcohol, choose our organization, the Beer Party.
In the past few months, several groups of civil society groups have raided a shop in Phramer, which sells mobile phones, and found three old SIM cards that are no longer working. .
Seven houses have been destroyed in Umsawli area by MUDA last month.
The final decision of the meeting was that the village leaders should meet with the Lyngdoh Raid to discuss the matter. also in their struggle against the tyranny of the Priest.
The deceased was identified as Bishal Borah (24) of Kahilipara, Guwahati at 9 pm this morning. When he arrived at the scene, the motorcycle he was driving overturned and collapsed due to the rain, and he fell asleep on the road, and due to the serious injuries, the youth died before reaching the Civil Hospital. The doctors pronounced him dead.
After the race, the MSOA also opened its new office at Polo which was inaugurated by Bah John F Kharshiing, Working President of the MSOA along with Bah Bor. Diengdoh, Vice President and Mrs. Diengdoh.
There are 14 men and 12 women in the athletics.
Thank you very much to the publisher, although there are such wohnia wohdong but don't worry about them all go ahead, I give you my full support.
There were also those who said that the government's request to all the villages to keep clean and that every household should have adequate toilets, is meaningless because when the toilets are built, they also need toilets. the water is clean.
The aim of the hospital is to focus on the treatment of patients through various treatments and medicines, including Ayurveda, Yoga, Naturopathy. , Unani, Siddha and Homeopathy and others.
The Seiñraij Jowai has taken action to clean up the Seinraij Market at Iawmusiang, Jowai on Thursday.
It was in 1604 that the foundations of the translation of the Bible were laid and one of the greatest foundations was that the Bible should not be translated or introduced into words that the common people and common people did not understand. .
Let us go and throw them into the Ganges because it is Maa Ganga.
Raj, who scored 216 balls, smashed five fours and one six, and after Kishan's dismissal, he scored another 53 runs for the team along with Jaskirat Singh Sachdeva. tied 21 off 46 balls.
Therefore, the Chief Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi, has urged the village leaders of the area, to be vigilant on the entry and exit of the people and urged them to explain. to the people, not to interfere or fight too much with the people of Assam.
“The police have not done anything to arrest the smugglers but it is the members of KJBWA who have arrested them,” said Bah Ardent.
All these organizations have opposed and demanded that this decision should be postponed until the end of the lockdown and if the government continues to allow the transportation of coal, it will have to take responsibility if the disease spreads. COVID-19 in Jaintia Hills.
Dorothy said that she has done this with the trust and empowerment of the doctors of Namdong PHC which has now been converted into CHC. She has helped to give birth since 1981. Although there are still some who are still alive, she cannot remember them.
Catholic Youth opened the scoring through Donal Phawa in the 13th minute and Kyrshon Suchen in the 16th minute, but Heiminmiki Dkhar converted two goals for Khimusniang. in the 24th & 40th minutes.
Therefore, on the fears and doubts of many churches, let us turn to what the Word of God (Bible) has to say: the Word of God has clearly foretold that in those last days ( end times) “The true knowledge will become abundant” Daniel 12:4
In East Khasi Hills District, 54 cases including 5 cases from Armed Forces and 49 cases from civilians, in West Garo Hills, 37 cases including 12 cases from Armed Forces and 25 cases from civilians. One case in East Jaintia Hills, one case in Ri Bhoi District, one case in North Garo Hills, two cases in South West Garo Hills and four cases in West Jaintia Hills.
The launch of the book was witnessed by Dr Brother Albert L Dkhar, Principal of St Anthony's College, WAM Booth, Director of Arts and Culture, Most Rev. Victor Lyndoh, DD Archbishop of Shillong and others. There was also a song by the Aroha Choir and the children of Dr Bashida.
Bah K.Nongkynrih, one of the residents who witnessed the incident, strongly condemned Bah Mahendro Rapsang and his followers and demanded that the police should take the necessary action according to the rules and regulations. law.
Mawkyrwat, March 07: U Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Minister of Water Resources, Meghalaya, who was the chief guest today laid the foundation stone of 11 water schemes. T.112.21 crore has been allocated on the ground floor of the office of the Executive Engineer of PHE, Mawkyrwat Division.
The meeting was originally scheduled to be held at the school in Ichamati, but due to overcrowding, it was postponed to the Saikarap Dorbar Hall.
U Bah Paul, who is in charge of Langpih, West Khasi Hills, which is one of the areas in the process of boundary talks, said that the work will continue only after receiving the approval. from the Government of Assam.
The Israeli military said Hamas is still holding the abducted Israeli civilians and Israel is fighting as hard as it can to release them. bring back these people of yours to your house.
He said that for immediate assistance, those villages under Khliehriat C&RD Block have been informed by phone at 9615044890 and those villages under Saipung C&RD Block can be contacted by phone at
In the last MLA election, Pohthmi was a strong supporter of the MLA of the constituency, Stephanson Mukhim who won as an independent candidate.
“The measures are still in preparation to follow the NGT directives so that the mining of coal will not affect the environment,” he said in reply to a question in the Legislative Assembly today. Everyone.
However, the report states that none of them have been implemented.
In other parts of the state, there will be thunderstorms and thunderstorms, with wind speeds between 30 to 40 kilometers per hour.
Keep growing as a famous poet.
This came after they beat Luti Tuber SW 4-1 on Tuesday at the Kiang Nangbah Studio in Ladthad Laboh, Jowai.
The Best March-Past was awarded to JNV Nongstoin.
'If society is to start working together towards our dreams, it is important that agriculture is supported to contribute money, science and others to build the future. ba tomorrow.
(Statement 19 of Financial Accounts 2022-23 Vol.
The school has produced many students who have risen to various levels, said the statement. come and witness on that day.
Not only that, they have been waiting for it to be opened to the public for the benefit of many.
Madhav Singh, a science teacher at Alpha English Higher Secondary School, Ri Bhoi, Meghalaya, expressed his happiness on receiving this award.
Indeed, perhaps through the payment of application forms of job seekers will make them more aware and appreciate what they have spent and will make them work hard and fight hard to achieve their goals.
The 20th Annual Conference of the Presiding Officers Association will be held in Shillong from the 28th of this month to the 1st of next month. .
It is better to leave contact with the country of origin of Covid-1
The meeting was held after the party was pleased with the reply of Bah Pynshngain who asked the EMs and MDCs of the UDP to reply as he had already explained to them.
Finally, through this announcement and discussion, each Dorbar Kur/Seng Kur is requested to take this matter into consideration.
I spoke highly of their relationship.
As part of the celebration, the Seng Samla Lum-Umpih organized a football tournament for women and men in which prizes were awarded to the winners.
Beckyson Kharkongor of Laban scored the first goal in the 66th minute while Victor Shadap scored the first goal in the 17th minute.
No one is allowed to set aside a place for other farmers and each farmer is allowed to farm only one night.
Those who witnessed the ceremony included Bah Mayralborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, Balajied Ranee MDC, Raid Nongtluh leaders, NEFA leaders including Theresia Syiem President, Kong. B Malai Adviser, Mirajune Secretary, officers from the Department of Sericulture and Handloom and other dignitaries along with parents and many youths from the area.
Shillong: The Voice of the People (VPP) today confirmed the full office bearers of the party in Narpuh Constituency. The meeting was held in the presence of MLA Mawlai Constituency, Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang, other party leaders as well as residents of Narpuh Circle.
For the first time since the tournament was held in 1941, the Santosh Trophy will be held in Arunachal Pradesh.
The maximum temperature was 16.3 degrees Celsius in Shillong, the minimum temperature was 5.7 degrees Celsius, the maximum temperature was 17.2 degrees Celsius in Sohra and the minimum temperature was 6.4 degrees Celsius in Umiam. The minimum temperature was 19.0 degrees Celsius and the lowest temperature was 5.6 degrees Celsius.
Bhek, the Father lives near the Mother.
Speaking on the increase in age, Bah Lahkmen said that most of the teachers after completing their degree, have to complete their B.Ed, but those who have completed their Master Degree , doctorates can no longer apply for jobs because their age has exceeded the limit set by the government of 32 years.
Americans benefited from less abdominal obesity, while African participants experienced that improvement in gastrointestinal or kidney health.
The club has also prepared to set up temporary seats for the spectators and there will also be a collection of entrance fees for the spectators. where the price is 80 and 100 rupees respectively.
He also urged all the Kurs ki Jait Khasi to send detailed information so that the Council can publish a list of Kurs ki Jait Khasi in the State.
In addition, the Minister informed that Rs 16.96 crore has been spent so far on the construction of the university.
Dr. HH Mohrmen, a volunteer and writer in these areas, explained about the origins of Nartiang and the Pnars.
Maj Gen Anuraag Chhibber, VSM was also present on the occasion.
But they did not know that their vision was to fulfill the word of God.
After this, the Rangbah together with the police conducted an investigation and found that the son-in-law of Bhalang Papeng, Rimiki Papeng, had killed Paitlang Suchiang.
In Maharashtra, an impersonator has been arrested for earning up to Rs 50 lakh.
However, after the celebration of the Golden Jubilee of the state, we cannot expect everything to remain the same but there should be a change.
The authorities are requested not to take decisions on their own on the issues raised by the Syiem or District Council through the courts, so that the court can give a fair decision.
Speaking at the meeting after the confirmation of the Zonal Committee, Bah Gavin urged the people to allow Samla Auspicious to lead from this constituency to ensure the change not only in the development of the constituency. par but in various parts of the community.
Some of the dead were in the same household and some of them are still alive, according to Spanish reports.
All vehicles coming from Khimmusa/Jerusalem will pass through Chutwakhu Road.
There is no real exploitation of natural resources and there are no adequate laws and regulations to protect the use of natural resources.
The ability of the fire brigade to contain the blaze prevented the spread of the fire to other areas.
Through the smooth running of the project in Meghalaya, the Government of India will be able to implement the strategy in other parts of the State as well.
Shillong: Leaders and Candidates for the Lok Sabha Elections from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, on Monday took part in a Symposium on Parliamentary Politics and Political Participation, organized by Sankardev College.
The IFBB Mr Universe Iran Armwrestling Championship was organized by the Iranian Fitness and Bodybuilding Federation in collaboration with the International Fitness and Bodybuilding Federation (IFBB).
“According to the BJP's desire to make the state and liberate the Congress from the country as a whole, it has been successful and now the Congress has nothing left. Pala is your only speech".
Police said that during investigation, Mozi Zaman confessed that the woman and child were kidnapped and hidden at a place in Baituli in Dhubri District of Assam.
The law enforcement agencies should not allow the government authorities to try to avoid.
Traffic jam is one of the main reasons why the residents have been reluctant to talk and think but to avoid this requires the cooperation of the residents and the government.
Shillong, March 14: The Department of Arts and Culture, Government of Meghalaya, has organized the Tri Hills Ensemble to showcase the traditional food of Meghalaya.
The complaint was filed in accordance with the order of the High Court of Meghalaya, dated 23.06.2021, under Section 54 of the Disaster Management Act
However, look carefully at the goodness and character of the leaders, “for if a fool acts wisely, there is still one way, but if a fool acts wisely, be careful”.
In the past few months, the Indian National Congress has decided to send a line to link to its website to Rupang. The email, which was sent today, was about the Snoopgate in Gujarat, where it was alleged that the The BJP has no intention of removing itself from the incident.
In a letter to the Chief Secretary, KHNAM President Pyndapbor Saibon said that the party has also suggested to include in the proposal to amend the State Reservation Policy.
The main roads of Shillong were closed today but there were only a few vehicles passing by which were ambulances and balloon vehicles.
He said that as you can see now, it is the Intermediate Lane.
Whether it is women's dress, excessive viewing of movies, viewing immoral books, drug abuse, deterioration of masculinity, immorality or other reasons.
The deceased child was found near the Home Guard Jowai office after being eaten by dogs.
Growing in and knowing Jesus Christ is one of the most important developments in a believer’s path.
Speaking as the chief guest, Dr C Lyngdoh, who was the chief guest, congratulated the Samla Umsning Association for taking the initiative to honor the youth of the village as part of encouraging them and being a example to other young people who are still lagging behind in their studies, because education in this age is the weapon of the future.
These start-ups are spread across states as well as small cities of the country.
The building and office has 340 beautifully decorated, painted and painted rooms covering 2 lakh sq.ft, 700 million cft of stone, 3 lakh and a half million cft of stone and only a small amount of silver ( steel).
The foundation stone laying ceremony was attended by Government Ministers including Ampareen Lyngdoh and Ronnie V Lyngdoh.
If the talent and understanding of Waheh Kambell Chullai is a blessing to this age, what else is our duty as heirs to do to honor and glorify the name of Waheh? Campbell Stove? Chiphaw years ago today Wh.
Abhishek Kumar got 1/50 while Akash K Choudhury got 1/3
However, he suspected that if it was from Yummy, they might have eaten something that had expired, or that had been stored in places that were not safe to store, or that the food might have been eaten. rotted inside.
On the occasion, Bah Hamlet also informed that the stadium in the area will soon be improved at a cost of 70 lakh tyngka.
Therefore, these organizations have requested the DC to intensify the search of vehicles and whether the driver is under the influence of alcohol.
“After learning about the incident, we lodged an FIR against him on 31st October and he was arrested on the same evening.
The High Court also criticized the state government for not showing the letters written by the Central Government departments and the Minister of Finance regarding the sale of u coal to Bangladesh.
The winner of the group and the best team from the second place in the group will qualify for the final round of the tournament.
Speaking on the raid on the houses of the HYC members, Bah Tynsong said that the HYC has gone to raid these houses without any consultation with the authorities. district which led to the violation of the rules and regulations on that day.
In 2016, a survey was conducted on seed farmers in two villages: Nongtraw, EK Hills and Moosakhia, West Jaintia Hills.
The Shnong and the voice of the people, as they had opposed for the first time, the final decision was 'Yes' to the pata at Jiva Resort.
“We feel that we should look only at one nation, another will lose, it is not true, as rulers when we take any decision, we have to think together for the benefit of all.
Shillong: U Dr Jemino Mawthoh and the elders of Nongrah Village, today met with the Minister in charge of Water Supply, Bah Samlin Malngiang to inquire about the Nongrah Water Supply Scheme. The first sanction has been received for T.5.92 crore.
She said that the state health department together with the government of India will work hard to eradicate TB in the country by
The letter should also be sent to damutban@gmail.com. He has close ties with the recently arrested members of the HNLC, said the SP. “The arrest of this HNLC member will give more information to the police on the activities of this HNLC,” he said.
Marak, 50, has committed the crime by raping his two children at his own residence in Dongdegre village under Gambegre block. 25 miles from Tura.
Earlier, the SP of East Khasi Hills District, Bah Mariahom Kharkhrang, has promised that the police will arrest more Sengbhalang leaders who have been wanted by the Special Court for their illegal activities during the ILP protest. in the year
Many schools, sports grounds, health centers, government offices, and so on have been built.
The meeting was conducted by Bah SF Lyngdoh, Chairman of Nongpoh Town Committee.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Leader of the Congress Legislative Party (CLP) in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, who is also the party's spokesperson, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, said that the Congress party gives its full support to him. Rahul Gandhi, the party leader, has said that the MP from Wayanad Parliamentary Constituency has been nominated in the past few days.
This was due to excessive dispersion of waste.
The Meghalaya Games 2022 has now ended and the MSOA and the Government should soon submit a clear report and account to the public on all expenditure.
The reason why the HFU officials visited the school and gave training to the students was to raise awareness among the students on the need to develop agriculture. Those who attended the ceremony included Bah Charles Marngar, MDC Mawhati, Bah Alfond Kharsyntiew, General Secretary of the HFU, elders, teachers and students of the school.
He said that if these areas can be supplied with enough water, even people from other distant places will be interested in coming to fish.
However, in the lyngwiar, the Khasi traditional believers pray in their own way.
Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Russia's arrest and detention of the journalist was wrong and that Russia should immediately release the man who did not. He has no knowledge of the Russian allegation and has nothing to do with the US Government but his visit to Russia was a voluntary visit.
Hek announced that the Secretary Health will head the committee to investigate the shortage of medicines while the Additional Chief Secretary Y. Tsering will head the committee on the purchase of medicines.
Carol's journey was even more surprising because there was a Shyngoid in the car, children dressed as Riewstad and other decorations.
The relocation of NEEPCO offices from Shillong to Guwahati will affect the employment opportunities of the educated youth of Meghalaya, the union said.
Nongpoh: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District, has issued an order and regulation on the traffic rules in Ri-Bhoi District. Vehicles with odd numbers (1,3,5,7,9) will travel on Mondays, Tuesdays, and Thursdays while on the second and fourth months of the month only vehicles with even numbers (0, 2,4,6,8) shall travel on the roads on Mondays, Tuesdays and Thursdays and commercial vehicles shall carry only 10 pawa of the daily passenger load.
But because the woman kept begging, finally the judge thought to himself, “I don't respect man or fear God, but if the woman comes and tells me, let me go. judge me righteously, for I have heard that you have not come.
After the end of the games, prizes were also awarded to the winners of various games.
The Sohiong should elect a person who has the responsibility to shape the future for the bright future and glory of the constituency, a leader who is capable of serving the people.
Shillong: U Bah Samuel Hashah, one of the kur players, has decided to contest the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong constituency.
The total number of recoveries is 13,216 and the death toll is
These leaflets were also distributed throughout the East Khasi Hills District and Districts of Khasi Jaintia Hills.
Khliehriat: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle on Tuesday 29th of this month shut down two cement factories, JUD Cement Ltd. Wahiajer Narpuh and Goldstone Cement Ltd. are located at Moosianglamare Old.
The Waheh Shnongs have decided to take strong action under the leadership of the ECC if the government continues to do so.
He also expressed the hope that the BJP will win 12 or 13 seats in the upcoming elections.
The government under the leadership of Mukul Sangma as Prime Minister has decided not to implement the ILP and Mukul Sangma has decided to implement the Tenancy Act which the political parties have not demanded.
Dr Nongkynrih urged the media to continue to monitor the performance of the government and companies as these are the two most powerful in this era.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Shangpliang said, “I came to express the demands of the Adhoc teachers and I have had discussions with the President and office bearers of their union and I understand. The demand is for a salary increase of T.18,000 and a salary increase of 5% per annum.
The Government of India through the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment has launched the Accessible India Campaign in 2015 with the main objective of making government buildings or government offices as well as the homes of private individuals and the public that they should be able to make it easier for people with disabilities to reach their destination.
He said the legislators should have understood the consequences of these summonses.
The statue was erected in the Sadhu village of Narmada in Gujarat and is said to be twice the size of the Statue of Liberty in the United States.
However, those who will be most affected in Social Sciences in 2024 are private candidates who rely on previous question papers and help books bought from the market. and hat (market notes).
Shillong: The league of the U-12 & U-14 Football Tournament of the Shillong Sports Association (SHA) has come to an end on Friday.
He also urged that our nation should follow the example of Nagaland which celebrates the Horn Bill Festival every year which is well known to the countries of the world.
Founder of Rejuve Aesthetics, Dr Sharadi Shreemoyee said, “We have been running Rejuve Aesthetics in Guwahati for the past 18 years and I was one of the first people to introduce the idea of ​​an aesthetic clinic. in Guwahati, where it was one of the most unknown ideas in this part of the country.
These two companies cannot provide satisfactory services to the citizens.
Brian Lara M Sangma took two wickets (2/15) while Nikrang Sangma took six wickets.
Speaking at the welcoming ceremony, the General Secretary of the NPP, Bah Apsharailang Syiem, recalled that during the MLA elections, other parties had made 30 accusations against the NPP. But let the people judge and the judgment of the people has completely changed the whole area by winning the NPP party from Nongstoiñ.
Jowai : Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh, Bishop of the Diocese of Jowai, who has been appointed as the Archbishop of the Diocese of Shillong, has passed away. Pope Francis has appointed Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh, Bishop of the Diocese of Jowai, to replace the late Most Rev. Dominic Jala. Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh will take over the post of Archbishop of the Archdiocese of Shillong on the 6th February 2021 as the Archbishop of the Archdiocese of Shillong.
The brews of that time wanted to show only the colors of the world, while their hearts were far from God.
We don't just want to contest elections but we want to bring about change in the governance of the State.
The report of the inquiry should be submitted on the 3rd of this month and the voter who violated this rule should be punished after verifying his actions.
This is to inform you that Ma Bedingfield Passah, also known as Ma Ding, resident of Tpep Pale, Unmuiang, Jowai, passed away on
There were many comments here and there, when these statements of Bhagat came out, which affected the feelings of many thinkers, which were written against by many writers.
The village has 2 LP schools, 2 UP schools and one private secondary school.
A church spokesman said this was a decision, according to Canon Law, in which the Father cannot take part by joining any political party.
The commission also accepted a complaint by Yeahyea Hussain, a neighbor of one of the coal workers, who fell into the coal mine in East Jaintia Hills.
The President has appointed Banwarilal Purohit, Governor of Assam as the acting Governor of Meghalaya and Padmanabha Balakrishna Acharya, Governor of Nagaland as the Acting Governor of Arunachal Pradesh until another is appointed. new.
Nongpoh, March 02: The Samla Rangbah of Ri Bhoi, Bah Primson Makdoh, on Tuesday expressed his deep sorrow over the finding that one village is still being neglected by the state government. The road has not been provided for the convenience of the people in coming and going.
The HNLC also demanded that the Government should forgive all the crimes committed against its leaders otherwise the HNLC could withdraw from the peace talks.
Jan Sunwai is a program scheduled to express many of the grievances of the party followers and the general public.
The HNLC said that it was the Indian National Congress that signed the Indo-Nepal Treaty 1950 to grant freedom to Nepali Hindus and it was the party that gave shelter to Hindu refugees from Bangladesh. in Umpling since 1970 without returning them and now it is the BJP that has confirmed the citizenship of Bengali Hindus from Bangladesh in the North East through the CAB
He said that only through consultation can the problems be solved and at this time we need knowledge according to the present era and the youth can give their ideas together to create any jobs to improve income. paper.
On the other hand, the Karbi community says that the land falls under Langkeroi, while on the other hand, the villages of Khanduli-Lapangap fall within the border of the State.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Y.Lyngdoh praised the MNIVCS for its progress in its activities. He recalled that in the past, when it started, there were only 43 members and now it has reached exceed.
The Son of Man is Jesus, because he was born of the Virgin Mary.
The star of the National School of Drama, New Delhi and the Head of the Drama Competition at Dhaka University, Bangladesh, Jamil Ahmed has praised the play "Ha la Kut Shadem" and mentioned some of the right aspects. to provide especially in relation to political conflict.
When inquired, the AKMT leader said that the tourism department will soon convene a meeting with the Adani Company which looks after international tourists who intend to come to Meghalaya through Guwahati Airport.
On Tuesday, 53,476 new cases were reported, bringing the total number of cases in Maharashtra alone to 31,8
The two Ksiang have met many times with the central government officials.
In the final match, the first match was between the women under 16 years old, PFR against Lynti Jam Welfare Development Association. The players from both the teams have shown their talents to show that they are no longer inferior in the field. In the midst of a fierce struggle, PFR beat LJWDA 1-0 goals to win the title.
It is learned that the kait in Daranggiri market is well sold and the busiest is during the festivals like Diwali and Chhat Puja. November and March.
On this occasion, some of the staff of the hospital were also honoured.
The North East currently has Sarbananda Sonowal, Children's Minister and former leader of the All Assam Students Union (AASU) and Kiren Rijiju, MP from Arunachal Pradesh.
When India has produced its children like Arvind Kejriwal and soldiers like Bhagwant Mann, then the fight against corruption will go on,” he said.
Therefore, the government should not think about the vacancy but should move forward and bring about development projects that will benefit and develop the district, especially the youth who are suffering from unemployment, he added. .
Salary of teachers Once every three months, you know who and where these Chief Secretaries, Directors and Comrades of Konrad get teachers.
We are living in the last days.
In South West Khasi Hills, there are 29 cases, 11 cases in Jashiar, 5 cases in Nonglang and 4 cases in Ranikor.
“This special committee will investigate the matter and the party will announce publicly and explain the position of the Congress party.
WA Sangma allowed Mr. Bhaskar Choudhury and Mr. KR Deb to be Congress candidates from Laban and Laitumkhrah in 1972 and they won from both the constituencies.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said that the meeting with the Prime Minister together with the Deputy Commissioners of various districts in the country, including the Deputy Commissioner of East Garo Hill, is the district with the lowest number of vaccines.
In Meghalaya, the BJP has called for a withdrawal from the NPP-led MDA government.
Khroobok Passah, District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills as the chief guest hoisted the flag to start the race at Skhenpyrsit in the presence of WJDSA leaders and members. run in a time of 1 hour 8 minutes 14 seconds.
KHNAM SYW President Thomas Passah said the meeting also decided to consult with legal experts to approach the law enforcement authorities if the government delays in appointing these Jugalis.
It will be the first time in the North East that Bhaichung Bhutia Football Schools in collaboration with the Dream Foundation has come to Shillong to open a football training camp.
School, Brass Band Border Wing Home Guards and Pipe Band Assam Regiment Centre.
He also said that some schools in the city do not open the gates for vehicles to enter on time and thus strict instructions should be given to the school authorities.
Khrawkupar Lyngdoh (200m individual medley)5.
On the other hand, Modi criticized the Opposition for initially raising the question, but the Opposition MPs did not have the courage to sit and listen to his answer.
He said that it is necessary to do like Assam where vehicles coming from abroad should have a special permit when entering any part of the state.
“If there is a non-compliance by the officers who are responsible for implementing the above rules, they should be punished and included in the service register to prevent them from being promoted,” the court said.
In addition to this, the cleansing of corrupt people by sending them into the BJP while those who do not work, are punished by hundreds of laws and regulations.
Those who attended the function included Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong, DGP Meghalaya, Dr LR Bishnoi, Additional Chief Secretary, Home, Dr Shakeel P Ahmad, Chief Police Officers, Chief Officers of Social Welfare Department and Students from various schools in Shillong.
Shillong, July 06: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has sent a letter to the People's Candidate Forum (PCF) to reconsider its decision to nominate Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit for the upcoming MP elections.
It is learned that the protesters set fire to the Assam Rifles camp and the police opened fire and two protesters were killed.
Kyrkhu Dametre Ryngkhlem (21') and Sani Phawa (90') scored each for Mynthong.
Ghajini, although only a remake, has attracted many audiences and has also earned Aamir and Asin awards.
The beauty pageant will be a stepping stone for women who wish to enter the world of modeling, acting or speaking in front of the public.
The auditions will be held on the 12th July, 2023 at the Youth Hostel where the selected participants will have to attend training classes from 28th July to 8 November, 2023.
Shillong, March 20 : Meghalaya beat Mizoram by five wickets in the Senior Women's T20 Trophy in Bangalore on Friday. They lost all wickets for 91 runs in 18 overs.
According to sources, the BJP President will hold the meeting and will also address a public meeting organized by the party on that day.
Fr.Roland Kharkrang here explained that what he means is, forget the past if you have sinned or made mistakes on the road but change your mind. life by turning to the right path and to the way of God.
Khliehriat Navieng 24: Foreign shops, including big and small shops, have been closed in Khliehriat and Ladrymbai. store.
He said, "Openness to believe in any religion comes only when we eliminate all means of discrimination against any people of the country," adding that social justice a come only when all get the benefits of Government schemes equally.
“This is regrettable and I will meet with the Chief Ministers of the Eastern Region to urge the Central Government to allocate more funds for this region,” said the NEC Secretary. the low budget allocation in recent years may be due to their inability to show sufficient reasons to convince the central government.
At the meeting, it was reported that three people were injured in West Garo Hills, where medical treatment was given to the refugees. from Garo Hills Division and then from Khasi & Jaintia Hills.
He said that according to the report of the Ministry of Labor and Employment, the Government of India says, 'Every man or woman who has a degree who is unemployed is those who are aged from up to 29 years'.
These players were forced to retire from the second-division league.
According to sources, Bah PN Syiem and CEM of KHADC Bah Latiplang Kharkongor today left for Delhi to meet with the Union Home Minister. Other members of the UDF delegation who also attended the ceremony were Lamphrang Blah, Alvin K Sawkmie, Balajied Ranee, Karnes Sohshang, Mitchell Wankhar, Grabiel Wahlang and Macdaylne. Shillong: Two youths, Ialamphrang Lyngdoh and Gerald Samuel Duia, have lodged a complaint against NH Consultancy Private Ltd (NH) for using the name of Demseiniong. they though were not going to take over.
“If the government is not willing to set up a strong outpost to protect the border residents from the invasion of Assam, I am ready to withdraw my support from the government,” said the MLA. Meghalaya should no longer be silenced but it is time for it to stand up to protect its citizens if Assam continues to attack.
In October 2022, these village authorities had met again with the Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma to know the decision of his government on this issue.
Another sign of a bih tit is that it has a ring/skirt between the jyntang and has an unpleasant smell or does not have a smell like a bih. tit," he said.
Ardent, who is also the President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), said this at a public hearing held by the party on 15th November 2022 at Pyndengumïong, Mairang constituency.
Members of the union found that there are foreign officials who come from Nepal or Bangladesh via Assam to work in the coal mining area in Shallang and other places.
The bomb was found while police were checking letters that arrived at the Clintons' home.
“This is a very sad matter, they (Government) accuse IIT Roorkee of failing in design.
The Government has also launched Helplines and urged the cow farmers to inform the following numbers for treatment, medicines, injections and other information related to cow diseases: Ri-Bhoi District: 6009328729, East Khasi Hills: – 9366825517, West Khasi Hills: – 9233849930, South west Khasi Hills: – 9366801413,West jaintia Hills: 6033416066 and East Jaintia Hills: 8974465829.
The governor of Cundinamarca on Friday said 11 people were killed and 10 others injured after they were trapped in an explosion inside a coal mine. located in the central parts of Colombia.
He said that they can also win more seats if they change their working methods as the election will be held in eight months.
The new Executive Members of the Executive Committee (EC) under the leadership of Bah Pyniaidsing Syiem as CEM are Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem Deputy CEM and Bah Carnes Sohshang. Congress.
To count the number of party supporters in each village is very difficult.
" I call upon you to fight and stand with them.
The forest falls under the jurisdiction of the Forest Department of the Jaintia Hills Wildlife Division.
On the other hand, we would like to express our gratitude to the Government Authorities and the Synod KJP Sepngi, for providing tarpalin to those families who are still affected by the cold weather. past.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Disparsing Rani said that there have been complaints from many taxi drivers that some taxis have bought stickers at the price of 10,000 tyngka each and have painted them iong and rong. stem of vehicles and operate without proper documents.
As part of the encouragement and motivation to the young players, the Seng Samla Nongpoh Proper also distributed a cash prize of T.25,000 and a trophy to the team of Dubakh who won the tournament. first in the women's category.
twitter.com/ELYqxyEtjq 7 Wasa played well from the start of the match and beat Telongjem FC in all aspects.
In Sumer 4.
Bernie has two daughters, Deborah, 65, from his first wife, Ivy Bamford, Tamara, 35, and Petra, 31, from his second wife, Slavica Radic.
Other speakers included Pearlet Toi, General Manager District Commerce and Industries Center who spoke on the Prime Minister's Employment Generation Program (PMEGP) which is the 35th subsidy program for the unemployed youth. %
Shillong, June 26: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) Central Body (CoRP) on Tuesday learned that the Fisheries Department has set up its own fish market cum godown at Saiden Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi District.
EJH scored only 20 runs in the first innings and WJH scored 12/1
Mairang, Naitung 16: The Syiem and Ministers together with the entire Nongkhlaw Hima will celebrate the 182nd death anniversary of Syiem Tirot Singh at Mairang on the 17th of this month starting at 10.30 pm.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 15: As part of the World Environment Day celebrations, the Meghalaya Clean & Green Organization (MGA) has decided to hold a Marthan's death in Ri Bhoi District.
Police on Friday arrested three persons including two women from Khyndailad and seized 63.46 grams of heroin. .
“As the government, we believe that the income of the country, the state can move forward through self-employment and private enterprises,” said Conrad while speaking at the PRIME MeghaPreneur Expo. long at Polo Ground, Shillong.
Therefore, “Say 'EM' to the drug, because you have tried and turned into drugs and that is why it is difficult to kill you”, said Bah SJ Kharbhih.
Lack of knowledge, inability to follow health guidelines, leads to high blood pressure.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chancellor of USTM said that the University is grateful to the Late PA Sangma for his role in the passage of the USTM Act in the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya. year 2008.
Furthermore, the JNC Sumer Circle has urged the MLA not to build the Samasi-Pala road which has been badly damaged and has caused problems to the people especially the sick.
Although the issues of KHNAM are similar, the difference is only in the founders because KHNAM was founded by Bah Paul Lyngdoh, but it is not known why Bah Paul left. to the UDP, and the only remaining party in the party founded by Bah Paul is Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
It is therefore the responsibility of the rulers to share the benefits of education and new age education with the people.
With no response from the party, the TDP and JSP have announced the names of the candidates.
At this 4th Annual General Meeting, the Kur Kharbteng has renewed its office bearers for the term of three years (2023 – 2025) as follows: Advisors: Dr. Boxter Kharbteng and Patcy Kharbteng, President: Ps.
He requested the Ministry of Agriculture to explain to the public about the nature of this disease so that the people can also be comfortable buying meat because until now every day they have been publishing about the nature of this disease. .
Jowai, November 13: The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply), Amlarem Sub-Division has announced that the release of NFSA (AAY & PHH) and Non-NFSA rice for the month of December, Not all Fair Price Shop Dealers are subject to the following rules.
“The Government cannot issue any order without a law authorizing that order to apply because the Roster does not contain the provisions of the Reservation Policy and the implementation of the Roster System is illegal. ," he said.
Why can't the Government subsidize the salaries of Computer Teachers so that the school children will be free of charge according to the RTE's plan to free all school fees?
S.Syngkon, ADO, West Jaintia Hills gave information on the PM Kisan Schemes and also on the need for farmers to have ID cards to benefit from government schemes.
Speaking to media, Charles Pyngrope said that every time the dorbar is held, the opposition raises the issue of coal for discussion in the dorbar.
Shillong, March 23: The Speaker of the House, AT Mondal, on Tuesday said that according to the law, he is not the judge to hold the dorbar but he is only an informer after receiving a letter from the government or the prime minister. the state is the Lat the state.
This increases the risk of heart disease as well as blood flow to other parts of the body.
The WJDSA has donated T.40,000 to Niaw Wasa Utd SCC and handed over the check to Monlang Nongtdu, the owner of the club at a congratulatory ceremony held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
Because it is a Madan School, we have to respect the rules of the school.
The victory of the FDP shows that Kiang Nangbah Government College is determined to promote self-employment and create new initiatives in the employment of staff and students.
It was informed that the Government has sent two State Officers to Imphal to oversee the repatriation of students/residents of the State and to arrange for the support of the State authorities. Manipur for the safe passage of these students.
The Minister of State for Gen.
The Meghalaya AIDS Control Society (MACS) has suspended the operation of two centers run by the Voluntary Health Association of Meghalaya (VHAM) in Jowai and Lad Rymbai after a fact finding. Team found misappropriation of funds worth more than Rs 39 lakh during the last two and a half years.
Guwahati: The total number of cases of COVID-19 in Assam has risen to 319 with 63 new cases reported today, Health Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said. Government of Assam.
The total number of cases has risen to 16,38,871, 5,45,318 are still undergoing treatment and 10,57,806 have recovered.
In another development, the suspended Congress MLA of Mawsynram, Bah Pynshngain Syiem, said that the government's budget is stupid, thoughtless and without thought. road and dark to the state.
The Collegium led by Chief Justice of India (CJI) DY Chandrachud has decided to appoint Justice Vaidyanathan as the Chief Justice of Meghalaya.
He said that although various departments of the state government have worked together to eradicate drugs such as the police, health department and social welfare department but it is also necessary to work together with the village headmen and citizens alike.
Rivers have flooded, landslides and then collisions of vehicles and two-wheelers, which have damaged dozens of vehicles, have been seen.
My parents have always encouraged me," she said.
“The Vice Chancellor has acknowledged that the Academic Council is the supreme authority to take decisions on policies for education and the welfare of the students,” he said.
The NLCN has agreed to send its members to train the NLCN and the first batch was scheduled to be sent on the 17th of this month but before that they were caught by the police. .
The king and his Lyngskor, together with their interpreter, went to the house of Nabab and informed him of their desire to buy land.
At the same time, Laloo said that although the Board is now in a state of shock, he is pleased that its employees are taking the initiative to complete the urban development works and especially the NULM which can help the poor and unemployed youth living in Jowai.
“The race should not go to Martle, Ardent, Reming, but it should go to the woman,” said Martle.
The arrest of these two persons was made after receiving a tip that the ANTF and Khliehriat Police Station conducted a search operation on NH 06 and arrested one person. The bus number AS01-LC-7
Elections in Meghalaya since a few years ago have become elections between the rich and the poor or between the rich parties and the poor parties.
Shillong, Jymmang 23 : The Government of Meghalaya has paid compensation of Rs 96,72,640 lakh to all those who have died due to electricity shortage in the past 10 years.
He said that the statement of Assam Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal that there is a status quo is true and if we talk about the status quo it means that there is no restriction on Meghalaya or Assam to throw them. “It's like a place to hang out," he said.
Four minutes later, Rangdajied FC scored the first goal of the match 3-0 through Stephan Pale after he passed the opposing defender and when he had the opportunity. scored his goal.
But the Word of God says – But godliness with contentment is great gain.1 Timothy 6:5-6
If we marry foreigners, we will become extinct.
Police have registered a complaint (No.46(08)2023) under sections 153B/503/504/506 IPC at Lumshnong Police Station and the investigation is ongoing.
Mawleigh 4.
On the other hand, Bah Apsharailang Syiem, while welcoming the Congress youths who are interested in joining the NPP, said that the house of the NPP is empty and many people need to enter to do its work. organization for the development of the region.
One of the places that has turned into a pond during the rainy season is the Lower Lachumiere, and this is also the place where the water collects only after the rainfall due to the lack of drainage. go to the water.
Then the rising cost of cooking gas that people are now used to in every home.
The militants opened fire on a group of soldiers and tried to prevent the soldiers from blocking them and a heavy fighting broke out between the two groups, the army officials said.
However, the mother of the complainant was still aware of the incident on 29th January after her son told her what had happened to him.
The flight will fly twice a day on the first and third days.
Nongpoh: Three factories in the Industrial Area of ​​Umiam have been damaged and another factory has collapsed in a sudden fire at 11 am this morning. this morning.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The FKJGP Central Body today met with Bah M.Marbaniang, Director of Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) to seek clarification on the theft of Class IX question papers. The MBOSE leaders urged the MBOSE to appoint a special investigation team to find out who is involved in this illegal activity and to punish them. I urge all those involved to ensure that such incidents which have decreased the value of education will not happen again and that it will be a warning to others in the future.
They can be converted into parking spaces to avoid traffic jams.
Amidst the increase in the number of cases, the Meghalaya government along with other states has had to impose a total lockdown as a precautionary measure.
At the same time, the Cabinet also approved the amendment of the Meghalaya Building Amendment Bylaws,
This comes after Mawten beat Mawten 5-1 on Tuesday at the MDSA Stadium in Mawkyrwat.
Not only were they killed, but food and drink were also reportedly empty, as the Afghan government forces were engaged in a fierce battle against the Taliban.
It is terrible to fall into these traps which cannot be seen from the beginning, but it is only when those who have been trapped have reached the point where they can no longer hide that they can be seen publicly. .
The factory was owned by Anhaita Bajoria.
Rev. LS Nongphlang, Senior Pastor of Umsning, Rev. MS Shadap, Jason S Mawlong MLA Umsning, other Pastors, Tymmen Basan were present. , Church leaders, Church members from children, youth and adults.
The second part of the Home Minister's decision is that according to the new CAB, Hindus, Sikhs and Jains, if they stay for only five years, will become citizens. India and from 12 years to 5 years of age to become an Indian citizen.
The source said that two of them had left the nearby forest on Friday and their bodies may have been in these rooms since that evening after eating. he's a tit.
On the same day, the Mylliem Lum Sports Association (MLSA) celebrated its 10th Anniversary with the final of the 10th Mylliem Lum Football League 2022 in the presence of the office bearers and village leaders. .
Shillong: : The North East Students Union (NESO) today staged a protest at the parking lot near the Addl. Secretariat to protest against the Citizenship Amendment Bill Hindus, Parsis, Jains, Christians and Sikhs living in other countries such as Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan.
He said that there has been a new construction of seats to increase the seating capacity to about 30,000 spectators.
Shillong: After 40 years of providing education to the students of the area, Tirot Sing Memorial College, Mairang has received approval from the State Government that the staff and teachers of the College will receive payment by the Government under the People's College Grant.
The cows seized on the day were worth more than T.9 crore.
The government should have done something for the benefit of the farmers, as more than 400 farmers are still in debt to banks.
On this occasion, the leaders of the HSPDP and UDP have clearly understood that unity is essential and have taken the first step to unite.
Modi said all the members of the group have welcomed the African Union and it is the second time that such groups have been able to join and become full members of the African Union. G20 group after the European Union which has been merged in the past.
MCS Additional Deputy Commissioner B.Blah was the chief guest in the presence of District Sports Officer K.Passah, WJDSA office bearers, participants and others.
AA Shullai, MDC JHADC and Assistant Governor Rtn.
Fantin Joseph Lakadong, MDC of Malki Laitumkhrah was the chief guest while the chief guest was Bah D. Rapsang, Deputy Director, Nehru Youth Center, Shillong.
The flooding in the village has been caused by the NHAI's failure to improve the drainage system which has caused the area to flood and cause problems to the people. to improve immediately to solve the problems of the people.
It is those things that do not fall into it that destroy its brightness.
Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, Garod LSN Dykes, IAS was the chief guest in the presence of DSO, WJBA leaders and members and others.
He said that these rules should be clear and will not cause any problems to those children who have been abused.
At the same time, he appealed to the people of the state not to misunderstand that the HNYC supports the President of the party to become the ksiang of the HNLC, because the goal and aspiration is to reach the HNLC. The HNLC members and leaders should once again return to the society and become the promoters of the welfare and development of the society as the party itself. she wants peace in the country and not bloodshed.
These children weigh 1.75 kilos and the others weigh 2.875 kilos.
The BJP has understood that it will no longer give ticket to Sarma from this constituency and has understood that it will give ticket to Himanta Biswa Sarma, who is the Finance Minister of the state government, from this constituency.
As we shall see, majoritarianism is very wrong and its promotion is dangerous.
All members are invited to attend this meeting.
On the recommendation of the HLC submitted on 28th November, the State Government on 29th March took over the land at Iew Mawlong after paying a fee of T.2 crore to the Syiem of Mylliem Hima. with the intention of relocating the Them Metor.
The Waheh Shnong of Khanduli, Yooshida Nongspung and the Chairman of the Shnong, Niwal Challam, said that the Karbi have banned the residents of Khanduli from farming in their fields. Stonglapar, Artiang Sanphaw and other farmland.
Branson went into space on the 62-foot-long Virgin Space Ship Unity, which landed between the two wings of the parent spacecraft. like Mother Ship Eve.
Donald said that members of the KSU West Jaintia Hills have rushed to Lapangap to give their full support to the Khasi-Pnar people of the area.
Shillong, Jymmang 11 : The single-member Committee of the High Court of Meghalaya, has ordered to auction the coal that has been counted by 31st October.
According to a source, Samla WL Nonglait Vice President of the Seng, said that these foreigners were found from one of the places in Mawiaban village, while they were coming in 3 mini buses carrying u number AS 01 AV 4207, ML09 A 7967, AS01AC 4906.
“Because the authorities have forgotten many aspects of khadar governance, another department of the Constitution has to be involved.
The body of the deceased was laid to rest at her son's house in Dongmihsngi, Jowai and will be brought back to her native village of Lamyrsiang, East Jaintia Hills District on 8/11/2
After the thanksgiving ceremony, the children of the Kmai Raij from all the seven villages took the Deiñkhlam to all the villages to perform them along with the Bom ki Bhuri and the dance.
Recently, the state government has terminated the work of ARSS company which has been awarded the package of the road in Rngain area, and the NHIDCL is ready to call another tender for the construction of the road. This is a two lane road.
It is worth mentioning that the tournament in Nongstoiñ, which lasted for several days, ended with a lot of joy, in which the MLA from Rambrai Jyrngam, Bah RG Momin was the chief guest. the curtain.
In England, £2,000 is spent to dispose of old cars and buy new ones and it is reported that 400,000 people have taken advantage of the government scheme.
He is the only Khasi to hold the rank of Brigadier in the Indian Army.
Many participants came to showcase their physical strength and competed in the Squat, Bench Press and Death Lift.
It is when the debate is over that everything will become clear.
Congress Leader and MLA Mylliem Constituency, Ronnie V Lyngdoh has strongly condemned the assault on a pastor and elder of the Presbyterian Church in Bihar.
Kim Khongsai has confessed to the activities of another drug dealer named Rihun Dkhar who lives in Shillong. A complaint has been registered at Laitumkhrah Police Station where police raided a residence in Shillong and seized 29.5 grams of heroin.
We used to say that the man is the head of the household, but our custom does not allow him to be the head of the household.
And maybe I want to clarify here that it defines our uniqueness not by blood, but by the tradition and culture that we’ve been following all along.
However, Momin, who scored 50 off 72 balls and then 50 off 30 balls, scored 109 runs off 111 balls, which is half of the team's total. Meghalaya scored 217 runs for the match.
These include East Khasi Hills 71, West Garo Hills 64, Ri Bhoi 6, South West Garo Hills 6, West Khasi Hills 2, South West Khasi Hills 10, West Jaintia Hills 14, North Garo Hills 4, South Garo Hills Eastern West Khasi Hills 6, East Jaintia Hills 4 and East Garo Hills
A complaint was registered at Jaffarabad police station in Jaunpur district.
Nickyboy Swer led Mookyrdup to a hat-trick (9, 23, 27, 76) with four goals and Famous Plain ( 52), Felix Dkhar (52) In the last match between Moodymmai and Nangbah Khloopano, the match ended with a 2-2 draw.
Thus, in relation to the law, the word Syrdep-aiñ can be used.
“I am proud that the students of this university have passed well in the National Level Competitive Examination, because in 2014, this university came second in India to At present, 17 students have passed the ICAR-NET Examination and this victory of the students will also bring fame and Not only to the University but to the state as well,” said Radha Mohan Singh.
The KJP Assembly urges and invites all the members of the Churches within the KJP Assembly and others to join us in this special Prayer Service in their homes for the sake of the country. in the midst of this COVID-19 pandemic.
Here too, even if we count all the votes received by the candidates who contested against him, Bah Sanbor still won by 6805 votes.
The project was launched by the EJHBFFA in collaboration with the State Government.
Last month, the HNLC admitted that it has received a message from the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma that it will support him in the upcoming MLA elections so that the Congress can win again. in the administration and will take seriously the pending peace talks with the union.
Replying to a question by Mawthadraishan MDC, Bah Jambor War, Deputy CEM said, “The wish of the Executive Committee in setting up the Delimitation Committee is to complete the work before the Delimitation Committee is established. the term of office of the Council.
I have witnessed through the media that you are against the VPP and the people are also against the VPP party,” he said.
In the Orange Zone, taxis with one driver and two passengers can operate.
Two Advisers to the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong and Sniawbhalang Dhar MLA, Minister of Sports Shakliar Warjri, Dr D Vijay Kumar, IAS Commissioner. Wailadmiki Shylla MLA, Santa Mary Shylla MLA, other MLAs, MDCs and thousands of people who attended the ceremony.
“I feel the wind blowing pleasantly for me, can I see it?” he said and listened for a while. “Khasi, you know that although they are short, they sing very well,” said Hiram and laughed. small, in harmony and in a harmonious voice" said the Ri.
Earlier, a speech was delivered by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Sanjay Goyal who said that the RTI Act has repealed the Official Secret Act 1923 which in the past, officers kept secret documents. They have received information under the RTI Act.
In the complaint to the Chief Secretary, Kong Kharshiing also urged to investigate on what basis her name and some others appear in the party.
East Khasi Hills has 161 cases including 100 cases from abroad, 16 high risk contacts, 2 health workers, Mawlai and Nongmynsong 7 cases each. Police Bazaar 3 cases and 8 cases screened.
All this is just a prideful thought of people who are still in the minds of the world.
“We have been thinking that they should elect Bah CB Syiem and we don't have any complaint against him, because he is our man,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Dispar said that according to the information he has received, it was found that the posts have been vacant and unfilled since 2018 onwards and this includes in the department. health 749, Water Resources 183, Directorate of Stastistic 133, Directorate of Agriculture 35, Directorate of Holticulture 31, Directorate of Soil& conservation 226, directorate of Commerce and Industry 133, Directorate,0 Sporte D4 of Prin 280, Education 26, Directorate of Sericulture 202, C&RD 16, Forest 276, MeECL 2320, Urban Affair+MUDA 55, DC Nongstoiñ 30, Police Department 2477 except DGP Battalion West Garo Hills 169, DC South West Khasi Hills 3. The total number of cases is 7,6
According to Dr Kharshiing, the government's decision is to abolish the Dorbar Shnongs by introducing Panchayati Raj.
The KSU leaders admitted that the people of the area did not know about the NOC request from the KHADC for the construction of the two lane road from Nongstoin to Mawthabah.
It is true that our nation has lost many places, including the city of Shillong and all the places in the surrounding border areas and other places.
Rofee L.Sohphoh won the Most Valuable Players award and the school also honored James Kharbamon, National Referee of the country.
Umshangiar scored 164 runs for the loss of seven wickets in 20 overs.
The office of the DCs, BDOs and village officials should take action for the benefit of the farmers.
It is to be recalled that these three groups have already recovered the bodies of these workers on the 16th July 2021 and 24th July 2021 and at present these groups will continue to recover the bodies of these workers. Two bodies of these workers who are still trapped inside the crematorium have been searched.
The Council has become a heavy responsibility for the Khasi people and the Dkhars as well.
The Union expressed the hope that the amendments to the Sixth Schedule through Parliament will be another milestone in strengthening the relationship between the Hynniewtrep people and the people of Hynniewtrep. other parts of India and to further protect the identity of the nation.
The Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) said that during the fight against drugs, the police have seized drugs worth Rs 361 crore.
Through music we can get many cultural benefits and this can only be achieved in collaboration with the Department of Arts and Culture of the State Government.
“To make tobacco products like Biri, kyndok jingpruit and other factories, the owners of the factories used to use young children,” she said.
Police have arrested Nurul Haque of Gamari, Ramkrishna Nagar, Karimganj who was with Das.
The main program will be held on the 28th and 29th of this month, 2024 at the State Convention Centre, Shillong with the participation of about 400 participants.
He admitted that hundreds of foreigners have been deported so far.
Shillong, Nailar 7: “The Minister of Home Affairs is incompetent, and we strongly condemn her lack of action even to meet the people at such an urgent time,” said a youth. Donbok Dhar, Publicity from HNYF Central Body.
Do you have a headquarters in Nongmensong?
"Those foods that they ate have turned bitter because of the disease.
Speaking on the occasion, Prestone Tynsong said that according to the demand of the Harijans, the government cannot do anything or implement anything because their demand is up to 200 square meters of land for each Harijan. Their second demand is 20 lakh tyngka, which the government has not asked how to justify it.
From time to time, it has been seen that the leaders of the BJP have threatened each other in discussions on television programs and at public meetings; but yesterday they were destroyed.
Son of (1) Tbn JS Warding, Hymmen of Tran, Star and Shlan, who lives in Mawlai Motsyiar and the funeral service will be held on 2016 at the Umniuh Tmar Presbyterian Church at 2 pm.
Besides the intention to lodge a complaint against these high officials in India, the union also demands that the state government should talk to the central government and take action to conduct a thorough investigation. The families should get that fair trial and that they should be free from darkness, especially for the safety of the youth from the state and those who go to study across the country.
This meeting also led to the decision to implement the patriotic anthem of the people of Hynniewtrep.
Those present included Representative Management Star Cement, Devander Bansak, Senior Manager Star Cement Sidharrth Banerjee, Head of Topcem Coement, RK Pareek, Head of Max Cement, Joshi Kumar Pawan and others. The program was conducted by the Manager of CSR Star Cement, Kingshok Borah.
Wealth blinds mankind and the rich do not hesitate to kill or destroy the environment just to enrich themselves.
He said that when looking for the reason for the lack of development in Meghalaya, it is due to corruption.
The death toll from the floods in Kerala has risen to 165 and 82,000 people have been rescued on Tuesday. people, who are in danger of flooding, where it is possible to evacuate them, to places of safety.
Ma RK Rymbai is the brother of Ma Comet, Dolloi, who passed away.
Another woman, who did not want to be named, said that she came with all her family to witness the Monolith Festival and to taste the traditional food.
The local 'kha' from Assam...they arrive in the morning and arrive in the evening.
“In my constituency there are many fathers who have been left behind by their wives because their husbands have married someone else and they have to look after their children,” said Sanbor.
Ambani was speaking to reporters after watching the RFYS's School Girls City Final (Meghalaya leg) today.
At the same time, Bah Titos, expressed his gratitude to the MDCs who have decided to appoint him as their leader.
However, due to the fact that the Agencies cannot deliver to all the households, it has been arranged with the villages to install them at designated points within the villages.
Those who oppose will suffer in a way that only they will understand the meaning of this forest.
Trump called Easter a great day for Christians and wanted to see people go to church.
Speeches were also delivered by the Block Mission Coordinator, Khatarshnong, Bah SA Allya and others.
We have now turned to the Rangbah Shnongs and their powers, especially in relation to this covid pandemic. , the government cannot or does not have the authority, but they take the responsibility for the treatment of these patients and those who come from far and wide.
When asked why Star Cement has stopped paying his T.2000 , he said that the reason is because they said that the company has collapsed you don't have to work because you don't have coal anymore.
I have created and caused, and I will take care of you. I am a father of fatherless boys and widows.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: The Women Helpline Number 181 has received more than 36,000 requests for assistance and protection from violence in Meghalaya.
Up to 22 groups including schools from across the city, troops from 58 GTC, BSF, CRPF, ITBP, police and Meghalaya, DEF, Home Guards, NCC, Bharat Scouts & Guides.
Wearing a mask in crowded places, keeping a distance from each other, and washing hands regularly with soap and water or hand sanitizer These are the most important precautions to avoid the spread of this disease.
The two seriously injured were identified as Return Rabha and Krishna Kanta Rabha.
Imphal: One civilian was killed and the house of the Home Minister of Manipur was burnt down as clashes continued in Bishnupur and Imphal West districts of Manipur.
If we know how to repay with good, there is a reward from the Lord.
This attitude of the MLAs has been revealed when the people demanded the ILP, he passed the Tenancy Bill which will enslave the land owners, and this is exactly like asking for bread, he passed the Tenancy Bill. “I don't know what to do,” said Bah Rani.
The company now plans to drill into the volcano and it is understood that the drilling will be very successful, to find rocks with a temperature of about 932 °F (or 500 °C).
The death toll in India has risen to 72 as of Tuesday night.
Many passengers, especially the driver of the bus, were injured in a road accident between a truck and a Umrangso commercial bus in Jowai Shillong on Thursday morning.
In connection with this incident, no suspects have been identified, but the owner of the vehicle has lodged a complaint with the police for further investigation.
There is a lot of illegal activities because of the lack of activities and a lot of corruption.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) has said that the Government should review the Reservation Policy and create a system that does not discriminate against anyone, but that is inclusive.
D) and postgraduate students studying science and technology who need to work in laboratories.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma, today said that the government has already released the salaries of all school teachers until November this year.
From the very beginning, we have been demanding the implementation of this Act for the safety of us the people of the state.
The meeting was attended by the Village Leaders of Caroline Colony Jowai, the Environment Committee, the Wah Myntdu Cleanliness Officers and the residents of Caroline Colony.
The throwing of tyllai when you see others climbing and not being able to allow them to reach the clear causes a spirit of jealousy and hatred of such people by throwing them to the bottom, this affects the unity.
Shillong: The BJP candidate from Shella constituency, Bah Joshua Warjri, has admitted that other parties like the NPP, UDP, PDF, HSPDP and others are only branches while the BJP is like a branch. u tree.
Thus, the one who stands in front to command others carries the meaning of the word director.
Meghalaya's Jaskirat Singh Sachdeva scored a century against Odisha on the third day of the U-25 Col CK Nayudu Trophy match.
On the evening of 16th November, Bah Justin left home to fill up his car in Tura and since then he has not returned home.
A petrol truck was set on fire in Sonitpur district of Assam on Tuesday night.
The festival was attended by the guests, including Bah Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri of Meghalaya, who was the chief guest, while Mayralborn Syiem, MLA of Nongpoh, was also present as the Guest of Honour.
“The purpose of the Cabinet to approve the Interim Bill to repeal the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act 2021 is to bring it back to the House after the session,” he said. Prime Minister.
However, bank officials said that the inflow of billions and hundreds of crores of rupees was due to a software glitch inside the bank.
Shillong: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) today under the leadership of Bah Bandari Ryntathiang together with other members of the party visited the cow market at Baridua, Raid Marwet, Ri Bhoi District.
This was announced by the Director General of Police (DGP) Dr LR Bishnoi after a meeting with the Symbud Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong, who is in charge of the Home Department, in the presence of the Inspector General (IG) BSF. Meghalaya Border.
The body of the deceased will be taken from Mawlai Umjaiur at 3 pm on 16.09.2021 to Amtapoh, West Jaintia Hills, Meghalaya for burial at the M & A Church Cemetery on 2021.
Himalaya said that with this initiative, the government will be able to revive education in the state which has declined slowly, which was once known as the place of education.
The Cabinet also approved the report of the Sports Department of the State on the National Games and the requirements will proceed further.
I will seek clear information, because this is a very difficult task,” said Sangma, while visiting the church in Qualapatty.
However, the cause of the incident has not yet been clarified as the investigation is ongoing and the details will be clarified later after the completion of the investigation and trial.
Miss you Dad.
Shillong: Police on Tuesday at 7:30 pm arrested Peter Lamare from Punjabi Lane, Iewmawlong, Shillong.
The Government has set a target of producing 15,000 metric tonnes (MT) in the next three years.
It is strictly prohibited for anyone who keeps pigs to enter the prohibited areas.
I have been planting this soh for about 5 years and I have harvested about 6-7 times to date.
He said that he was surprised on the days of issuance of trading license because many shops of foreigners had not received information before the arrival of the Council officials.
At the CWG 2018 held in Gold Coast, she was awarded the title in the 53kg category.
Head coach Thomas Dennerby is confident that the team will play well.
The Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya, has held a meeting at the SAI Multi Indoor Sports Hall to welcome the team of men and women athletes to the SAI Multi Indoor Sports Hall. 66th National School Games 2023 to be held in Delhi, Bhopal and Gwalior.
The people themselves should watch and evaluate the performance of the MDA Government to get an account and answer during this election period once every five years.
It is worth mentioning that the KSU in the presence of about 40 members of the Nongtrai Village Authority had tried to enter the village but were prevented by the police accompanied by the magistrates as soon as they reached the gate of the village. Lafarge.
The meeting was led by Bah Donbok Kharshandi, Chairman, Bah Elfin Umlong, Secretary and Bah K. Suting, Rangbah Shnong of Pahamrioh. Besides discussing and informing on the inappropriateness of including these villages in the Urban, the leaders of the union also sent a letter to the Minister.
He said that the food items donated include rice, shana, nutrela and umphniang.
This is the view of the Dkhars at that time.
On the other hand, we the students from Wahkdait and Pashum need to improve the network as soon as possible.
Khliehriat, July 23: The Deputy Commissioner (Excise), East Jaintia Hills District today announced that on the 26th July 2023, the Republic Day announce that it will be a day of drug abuse throughout the district.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that through this meeting, the preparations made by the district to prevent the spread of COVID-19 were discussed. 19, They also discussed the measures for the burial of those who have died from the disease, the distribution of proper medicines to the public and the measures through the curfew in the district.
Answering additional questions, Prestone said the delay in the Committee's completion of its report is due to many reasons.
Shillong: The road from Rngi Shyllong to Liewlong has been badly damaged these days.
The foundations of many buildings have been completely destroyed and this threatens even the buildings.
The UDP and other political parties in the region have met President Pranab Mukherjee on Tuesday to demand that he send a CBI inquiry into the allegations of involvement of the Prime Minister. Mukul Sangma and members of the opposition party in Garo Hills.
A hero dies only once but the rice dies many times before it really dies".
The Chief Minister said that there are about 1,84,184 contractors who have not yet registered with the government to receive the financial assistance of 2100 tyngka.
The winners were Larihun Symblai (83.66 percent), Myrchiang 79.50 percent, Dajied Jynjar Sungoh 79.66 percent, Kheinbha Pyrphet 76.66 percent, Ridakima Rabon 72.66 percent, Rabon 70 percent, Evachabha 70 percent. Kicky Dance Dkhar scored 70.06 percent and Jefr Dkhar scored 66.83 percent.
Pohshna said that all the candidates elected by the UDP have a strong hope of winning the JHADC MDC elections to be held on 24th June.
Shillong: The Tyrna Elaka Welfare Society (TWES) Shillong on Friday night decided to urge all the seven MLA candidates who will contest the mid-term elections from the 26th to Shella Assembly Constituency, that if any of them wins this election, they should first look after the roads.
Therefore, in order to move the work forward, we need to elect a Leader.
“From Shivaji Maharaj to Shahuji Maharaj to Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar, this is our way of life and we are in the way of life of the gods,” he said.
The appearance of some Khasi has changed dramatically in the last few years.
He said that he had discussed with Prestone that the EC headed by Latiplang has not yet received the announcement but even the election of Latiplang has a legal shortcoming because the Governor has passed. one or two officers without consulting the District Council Affairs (DCA) as usual.
It is learned that the house, which is located in the ground floor of the house of the parents, has been allowed to collapse.
And when all the work was done, he departed, and went into his own house.
The union has handed over to the Minister on four issues which the residents of the district need.
Rudra Singh Rathore was named Player of the Match.
We have taken steps to win 175 out of 175 constituencies in the upcoming elections so that we can serve you once again,” he said. Reddy in a tweet.
Argentina continued to score and Di Maria had the opportunity to start the scoring, but he shot into the air and the ball reached the crowd.
After the first meeting, the Chairman and Co-Chairman said, “We are here not only to appoint Chairman and Co-Chairman or members to sit on seats but they have the responsibility to shape the future of the state. The State Planning Board is responsible for the development of the State in all aspects.
The Maharaja of Kashmir signed only the soskular, known as the Instrument of Accession and issued a public declaration that he had accepted the Constitution of India.
In the second match, Umsawkhwan Ri Bhoi beat Meghalaya Swimming Association 1-0 with 10 goals scored by Bah K.Pale.
Morison Dhar and Katdilia Khonglah died on Sunday after suffering from severe illness after eating a tit they had harvested from the forest near the village on Sunday.
“By holding such a festival, it has attracted more and more people to visit the Lukha River and the beauty of nature in this area,” said Andrew.
This will also be the first time it has been used during elections.
He also expressed his gratitude to the Government of India for agreeing to pay for the implementation of the scheme.
Therefore, on the part of us the landowners, we are sorry that the people who cultivate synsar are destroying the plants, therefore we have stopped cultivating synsar and we have started since we have started to protect and restore this place”.
The match ended 1-1 in the first half.
While there is not yet a single party in power, it is useless to make mistakes and disturb the people especially the poor and needy who suffer when there is a disruption in their daily livelihood.
He said that as a leader he has a spirit of happiness because the leadership of the women has been one of the parts of his support in all aspects because he considers them as mothers and They gave him the authority to carry out his duties in the future.
The group, which went to explain in four districts of Meghalaya, namely Ri-Bhoi, West Khasi Hills, South Garo Hills and East Garo Hills, said that their goal is to support the government. Speaking to media, the team leader of ISRN, Dr. Richa Sharma said, “To ISRN has come forward to support the state government by conducting awareness campaigns and working with the village authorities as well as various groups.
Leader of the Opposition Ma Awhai Andrew Shullai said that according to rule 32 of sub-rule (1) of the Rules of Procedure of District Councils, if the post of Chairman is vacant, a new Chairman must be elected. and the Governor shall fix the date for the election of the Chairman and the Deputy Commissioner or Secretary of the District Council shall notify all the members of the Council.
He said that like PA Sangma, politicians should learn from him.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 59904 out of which 54356 have recovered and 1009 have died.
The winners will receive special prizes along with certificates and T-shirts will be distributed to all participants.
Applicants must have passed Matriculation 80% or above, HSSLC 70% or above, Bachelor's Degree 60% or above, Master Degree 60% or above and PhD marksheet for verification. Secretary of Kur Lamare Jaintia Pyllun, Shanbor Lamare, please send it via Whatsapp to 7005874528, 6909061569 on or before 09 January
When we turn back to this issue, you cannot imagine that such a good politician would talk nonsense like the daju in Judah.
Therefore, the union urges the village leaders, women's organizations, youth and even the police to conduct raids from time to time in this area, as it has been a long time. that students from USTM ran the place as one of the bars.
On the arrest of one of the employees, Usha Dev Barman, Edmund said it was through the testimony of the child that she took Manager Bhaiti to her room and when she was shown her picture, the police They found that it was their employee who had committed theft without the knowledge of the authorities and without registering his name in the register.
It may be recalled that in 2021, the MDA 1.0 government had informed the Supreme Court of India that Meghalaya should be allowed to allocate more than 50% employment as 85% of the population in the state they are indigenous.
These bitter external forces come to create an unholy alliance.
In 2014, the JHADC was accused of misappropriating public funds through the Finance Accountant Officer of JHADC, Ma B. Sana and one of the Cashiers, Kong J. Chullet.
Speaking to media, Marngar said that the MDA government's lack of attention has only confused the people and even the entry gate at Umpling has been closed. you bag test covid.
Other best-selling songs, which they played, were Intermezzo No.1 and Crazy World.
Tanvir Ahmad and another friend, identified as Nauman, assaulted and raped a 6-year-old boy and his 10-year-old brother in Okara. As of June 2021, the city is about 130 kilometers from Lahore.
"Then you can understand that it is very difficult and difficult compared to other cases that have been handled under the IPC," he said.
Shillong: The NCP MLA and President from Gambegre Constituency, today warned the youth not to be happy when someone promises them jobs abroad.
Not only that, regarding the existence of the illegal tax collection gate, JACOSOMA has unanimously decided to give 10 months to the illegal tax collection gate to be removed. from the PWD road at Risiang village within 10 days.
Ransom also responded to the UDP's intention to appeal to the CEO on the release of the Chief Minister's Special Development Fund (CMSDF) for nine posts in North Shillong. “I have proposed through the CMSDF which amounts to T.58.76 lakh, but I am surprised to see today in the media about this proposal of the UDP. in the case of MR, MR cannot give anything"
In another development, the Dorbar Shnong Ksehryngshang in its meeting held on the 24th of this month at LP School Ksehryngshang has decided to ban the entry and exit of foreigners within the boundary of the village.
They always argued to justify their religion.
Santa Mary Shylla, MLA, Saipung Sutnga Constituency, in the presence of SDO, Civil Sub-Division, Mawshynrut, Bah M. Challam, MCS, other government employees, invitees welcome.
Tejdor Tiewsoh, SAIACS Bengaluru, Lynette Johnsoh LSF and Bah Ransom, Member of the Board of Directors of LFS. Speeches were also delivered by Prof Don War, Vice President of the NPP, Kong Eldora B Lyngdoh, President of the NPP Women's Wing. .
Regarding the incident, Bah Dhar said that the cause of the collapse is not known and he said that there was no sign of collapse on the road. This happened about a month ago and may have been due to the heavy rainfall, which caused the road to collapse.
The migration of people from other places around the country to their own places is very high.
Shillong: The election of Symbud Lamphang Timothy D Shira has reminded several MLAs in the House for his good deeds during his tenure in the government.
New Delhi, Lber 24: The opposition INDIA Bloc will hold a mass rally at Ramlila Maidan in Delhi on the 31st of this month to protect the welfare and rights of the people. AAP Leader Gopal Rai said on Sunday that the country's democracy will continue to grow.
The incumbent MP from Tura is the daughter of former Lok Sabha Speaker Purno A Sangma.
After a thorough discussion, the two parties decided to set up a Peace Committee to discuss the issues of the two ethnic groups.
Assam, on the other hand, won one gold, four silver and two bronze medals.
Of these, one is from East Khasi Hills, one from Ri-Bhoi and two from West Khasi Hills.
We also demand that the MLAs and MDCs of Mawsynram Constituency and Ranikor Constituency should take action to improve this road so that such incidents will not happen again,” she said. The KSU Mawsynram Unit would like to thank the residents of Mawsynram, the members of the KSU Mawsynram Unit and others who have taken the initiative to search for the deceased and to help the victim. truck to be transported to the site for treatment.
Other speakers included Wympherheimonki Lamare, Acting Secretary of the Blind Lead Trust, Bandwina Khymdeit and Kajentan Lypon, members of the Blind Lead Trust.
Israel had to fight hard to get and strengthen its own country and many of us Christians look at this country as a holy country and we talk about the strength of this country. that if Israel is strong and prosperous we are strong and prosperous with them.
Myanmar security forces on Friday said four people were killed in a car bomb blast in eastern Myanmar on the same day.
If so, does that mean that we are happy to have a state without borders? Does it mean that as citizens of Meghalaya, we are happy to have a state without borders? If it doesn't have a border, it's a state without a border, it's like a mother giving land to her child without a border without a proper registration. and there shall be a judgment afterwards.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Manbhalang Thabah, VPP candidate from Pynursla, said that Pynursla, which is known as the center of Riwar area, does not have a government school up to class Faithful.
“As the Union, we strongly condemn the brutality of the Assam Police and the Forest Department of Assam who have taken the law into their own hands and misused the powers entrusted to them.
He said that the union stands in the middle and let the government arrange it will go smoothly especially as the village has already given permission for this.
Police said they did not seize anything from the man.
“The subjects related to these studies, we will take care to accept the NCERT texts and we will republish them in our own books but the texts will be followed according to the NCERT rules," he added.
The father of the girl has appealed to the West Khasi Hills District Police for assistance and has requested them to help inform all the police stations in the state and others. .
Such a situation will lead to a great deal of trouble because the Khasi have been established in the Kur.
Bhaichung Bhutia Football Schools is a football school founded by former Indian footballer Bhaichung Bhutia.
Although the Jews did not yet accept that Jesus was the Messiah they were waiting for, God continued to fulfill what he had said.
Chairman of the committee, Bah Ricky Sohlang, who is also the leader of HANC, members of the committee and other supporters of the road.
When he arrived in Shillong, Bah Shanbor met with a lawyer.
They are Givenson Suting (U-15) of North Liberty Higher Secondary School and Avidrian Lato (U-13) of Jowai Public School.
In this regard, it was said that in the past few days, Israeli troops launched an attack in the eastern parts of Gaza in the Shejaya area where several militants were killed in the middle of the attack. Hamas militants have destroyed a training camp for its members in the area.
Meanwhile, the Shillong Press Club has strongly condemned the incident and urged the police to conduct a thorough investigation so that the perpetrators can be punished. according to the evil that they have done.
Therefore, those who violate the government's directives, especially the National Directives for Covid-19 Management, will be subject to penalties under Sections 51-60 of the Disaster Management Act. They will also be prosecuted under Section 188 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and other provisions of the Act if necessary.
Roshan recalled that since the implementation of the MLA scheme, T.6 lakh has been allocated to each MLA and now the MLAs have received T.1 crore per annum to bring about development works in the country. that constituency.
Shillong, Nailur, 02: The BSF troops of the 181st Battalion in collaboration with the Meghalaya Police, after receiving a tip from the intelligence agencies, conducted a search operation on the border of Meghalaya. Police have seized Phensedyl, kyiad and sugar from the border of South Garo Hills and East Jaintia Hills Districts.
On his second question, Ajay should know that in 1984, the Rev. Chief Justice of the Assam High Court, Justice SK Dutta, conducted an inquiry into the activities of the KHADC and the Assam High Court. District Councils should exist on the basis of devolution of power between government and other subordinate bodies.
Regarding the delay in the investigation, GS Thangkhiew said that the Ejahar complaint was filed two years ago and their claim that the investigation is ongoing is not true, but the case is pending. beat.
He said that the group has been established since 2020 and when he saw the youths who are smart and stingy, it made him support the group as part of the The organization is now known as the West Khasi Hills District Calisthenic.
He said the ANVC-B has admitted that it was the one who helped Mukul Sangma to become prime minister in the past.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that under PM JANMAN, the Government will provide assistance to the tribals and backward communities who are still living in the forest areas.
Since its inception, the program has received response from many drug users who want to receive treatment through de-addiction centers and at present there are 21 individuals who have registered with the programme. programme, which was organized in collaboration with the Mawlai Town Dorbar and the Manbha Foundation.
Sangma also promised to take strict action against those involved in the incident.
Meanwhile, the BSF has also arrested three Indians (residents of West Garo Hills) from the area who were involved in helping Bangladeshis to smuggle across the border.
It is learned that KHUDA today held a meeting of MDCs to prepare for the dorbar which will start tomorrow.
“The year 1961 was approved as the census year for the recognition of the villagers, while the latter were implemented under the provisions of the ILP,” said Letpao Haokip, Minister of State for Manipur and ILP. The decision was taken at a meeting of the Manipur Cabinet on Tuesday.
Due to the recent violence, 39 Myanmar soldiers surrendered on Saturday evening and four others surrendered on Tuesday morning. and to the Mizoram Police.
Speaking to reporters, Bijoy Sangma from Moilang, Balat, who is a magician in the Balat area, said that his boat earns more than T .300 tyngka per day and sometimes during the market day he earns three or four times more than he used to earn per day.
There are 42 cases in Ribhoi District, 5 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 3 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 12 cases in West Garo Hills, 1 case in South Garo Hills, 1 case in East Garo Hills and 2 cases in South Garo Hills. In North Garo Hills, 1.4 people have died of Covid-1
According to these volunteers from time to time they have already lodged a complaint with the relevant authorities but they have received a reply that the allegation comes from one office to another, saying ' When they went to the office of the Commandant Home Guard, they complained to the Deputy Commissioner of WJHD but the DC said that the SDMA office has not released the money. They said that the NHM has not yet released the fee and this has put them in surprise about the remaining fee.
“To live the principles of Tirot Singh, Khasi and Jaintia MDCs should explain and explain to the public in their constituencies in front of the Syiems, Sirdars, Lyngdohs, Wahadars, Kur Dorbars, Seng Kurs especially the Kurs. He said that they should explain to the public the purpose of this Act.
He said that the lack of working methods is a big problem, in fact there should have been a distinction between rural and urban villages on the water distribution system.
These names were announced by Prestone Tynsong, State President of the National People's Party (NPP) today in Shillong.
Nowadays, almost all the departments of the Government of India have their own social media handles which produce many pictures and videos that provide information that is not widely circulated because only those who subscribe to these handles see them.
The people who came out with their sorrow because they wanted to see a Government formed by the ethnic parties, have been misled because that desire to form a Government by the ethnic parties has not reached anywhere.
The raid was on the corruption in the implementation of schemes implemented by the Rural Development Department.
Since Savita made her debut at the Spar Cup Four Nations Tournament in Durban in 2009, she has come forward with various ranks and has continued to strengthen herself. her place in the team with some of her excellent performances throughout the past few years.
Through this scheme, the government can receive assistance of up to 2 lakh tyngka in case of death in an accident, but if the deceased is still able to work and is disabled, he can receive 1 lakh tyngka.
This comes after the 89th Mann Ki Baat Address of Prime Minister Narendra Modi on 29th June, 2022 where he urged the citizens of the country to work together and take steps to By participating in the World Environment Day with the commitment to stop using plastic before July 30,
“The NPP has done important issues like MUDA and other issues, it also has the intention to protect the indigenous people and it has sold out in the entire North East but even so everything will not. it will be clear in the first week of the new year" he said.
Wallambok said that this will be the first time in the history of mountaineering training that such an incident has happened to a group of mountaineers especially during their don't be involved in a training program.
“It is hoped that the repairs will be completed so that the delivery of goods will be completed due to the poor condition of the roads especially in the Jowai-Ratacherra section of the NH-6,” she said. part of the road will be opened within the next month.
Shillong, Naitung 13: For the first time, the Governor of Meghalaya, will take part in the Behdein Khlam celebration, which is also the last day of the month. day.
Shillong: “I am married to a man, that's okay, I'm married to a woman, that's okay”, these are the slogans and writings of people who are married to a man or a woman, in They celebrated their birthday in Shillong.
Those who attended the ceremony included Paiem Ken Syiem, Syiem of Raid Marwet, family members of Kong Lucy Sawkmie and others.
She expressed her strong opposition to the passage of the Bill, which allowed foreigners from Bangladesh, Afghanistan and Pakistan to come to the country.
The funeral service for Bah Individual Talang will be held on the 26th July 2020 at 2:30 pm at the Presbyterian Church, Mawkhar, Lawmali.
With the help of everyone, all the children of the hostel were rescued and no one was injured.
laiphew-na-ar: the one who speaks and counts the one who follows the one before the one.
Speaking to media, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said the increase in prices in the state is due to the impact of the war between Russia and Ukraine.
Man makes his tools – farming and tools – such as knives, swords, lyng-ka, sdie and others, by the power of fire.
If you ask what is Poitri? and in my understanding it is a writing that has a bright thought, if we read only from the page without proper training, then our way of judging is just like falling into a small pond.
He said that such incidents have happened only during the harvest.
However, all these promises have not been fulfilled to date.
Regarding the border, Pohsngap said that for 50 years, the state has not received a proper border.
The High Court said that although the color of the road, water and heavy rain can affect the road, but the collapse of the Jowai Bypass road has started even before the rain.
I can say that the attempt to bring the railway line to the state in the name of income is only an outward sign, but the aim is how to conquer the state as a whole. other.
On this occasion, he also spoke about the various assistance programs from the government for the elderly and that they should take advantage of such for their own benefit.
Many of these employees of these various parties have joined the UDP because they have seen the party's policies and also the humility of the candidate from the 5 Sutnga Saipung constituency.
Kitboklang Nongphlang, Leader of FKJGP Central Body, Jaintia Hills, said that this hospital has been serving the people of this area for 70 years now and after being upgraded to The PHC has many shortcomings in the working methods due to the lack of nurses.
The calendar begins anew from the birth of Jesus (1-2020).
Earlier, UDP General Secretary AF Dkhar said that the Central Executive Committee (CEC) meeting today discussed the preparations for the General Assembly to be held on the 27th of this month. month, to elect party leaders.
as Hoover's friend, Mr. L. Gilbert.
The committee also alleged that according to Welljune's oral and written statements, these large sums of money were made through the orders of CEM Pynshngaiñ N Syiem and EM of the Budget. Antonio War.
Another understanding is that candidates and parties should never turn places of worship such as temples/mosques/churches into platforms to campaign.
The India Women's Hockey Team's journey in the Women's Junior Asia Cup has been smooth as the team has managed to chase from behind to score a goal. 2-2 against Korea in their third match of the tournament.
We and the people of India look forward to peace and stability.
West Khasi Hills will now prepare to face South Garo Hills in the state final on 5th June
Freelyson Tariang scored two goals in the 40th minute and Labanstar Taro in the 70th minute.
Shillong, March 27: The relatives of Bah Espin Jana and Bah Kephas Jana have lodged a complaint against West Shillong MLA Paul Lyngdoh.
U Bah HM Shangpliang, promised in front of the FASTOM leaders that as an MLA elected by the people, he will not hesitate to speak out on the issues of the people. this is the voice of the teachers in the Legislative Assembly.
People who go to get vaccinated against COVID-19 are also allowed and have to prove that they have already registered.
Shillong: A 15-year-old Khasi girl, who is studying in Class 10, has been abducted by Muslims from Bangladesh, on 5th November 2019 at Nagracherra village.
“If there are no writings, it means that their (State Government) statement is only in words,” he said.
It is interesting to see Babu Kular Khongrijem explaining the Khasi articles through the newspaper.
Because this person has come to destroy and to disgrace the religion of the people of JOWAI. Because this person does not know that Behdienkhlam is the belief of the religion in Jaintia... And I request the SIENRAIJ Jowai to move forward and don't allow such an insult to your religion.
From verses 11 to 17 it is written about the second beast that comes up out of the earth which represents the religious ruler.
When asked whether the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, needs to resign if he wants to contest the election before the election, Bah War said that according to the Hima Mylliem Act, there is no need for him to resign. The Acting Syiem must step down from the throne if he wishes to contest the election before the election and may contest the election.
If you reach the top of the riat, you must fight.
The ECC has congratulated the Deputy Commissioner for his initiative to close down all the factories which have not received the CTO or permission to start these coal mining factories.
The relatives of the deceased have no suspicion of anything wrong and request for a post mortem.
It was also learned that the government has planned to set up the Center for the Management of Solid and Liquid Waste. our markets shall be no more.
Speaking at the briefing, Kitborlang Nongrem, President of the NPP South West Khasi Hills District, said that he was shocked to learn that Martin M.Danggo has been arrested. He left the NPP and joined the BJP together with his followers. They all respected each other without any differences of opinion but worked together to strengthen the NPP in Ranikor. Constituency and how to prepare for the MLA Election
Prizes were also awarded to the winners of various competitions such as the 5 km Marathon, Essay Writing Competition, Drawing and Painting Competition and Poster and Slogan Competition.
Shillong, July 25: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, today announced that according to the order of the Ministry of Home Affairs, the Flag Code of India,
Up to 20 patients have recovered.
Adhoc schools from 1st July 2022 in Higher Secondary will receive Rs33000/ month instead of Rs24000/, Secondary teachers Rs29000/ instead of Rs. Primary Rs18000/ instead of Rs12000/ as well as science teachers and 4th teachers in SSA schools.
As the investigating police, it is necessary to find out the true cause of the child's behavior and the reason why he/she committed the crime.
Speaking to media after the meeting of the UDP Youth Wing, Bah Titos, who is also the MDC of Shella, said that they have not yet taken any decision on whom to give the ticket.
On the same day, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw inaugurated the Basketball Court and the Public Toilet in Mawlai Nongpdeng.
In this letter, the Seng said that it is the negligence of the BSF personnel that caused this killing as it happened only 500 meters away from the Lamasaki BSF Camp.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: The Ka Sur ki Nong Mawlai, which includes three political parties in Mawlai, the KSU, FKJGP and HNYF, have demanded that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government should release the report. investigation handed over by the retired Judge to the Government recently.
“The Government needs to strengthen the police and provide them not only with guns, but also with the power and authority to be truly protectors of land rights.
Shillong, November 08: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Shillong City District has expressed its dissatisfaction with the closure of the road from Mawroh to Polo just because there is a golf tournament at Golflinks.
After a while, Umkseh managed to turn the tide through a free-kick from Kyrshan Khongsit in the 54th minute.
Throughout the day, before the start of the program at Umden, there was a public opening ceremony of the Khyrdop, which was to introduce the visitors to the area, that the area has received such recognition. the area that produces Jain Ryndia.
Some of our beloved fellow countrymen have sacrificed their lives to cover up the truth which has become clear.
Continuing the first innings at 13/1 to beat Hyderabad by 300 runs (all put), Meghalaya lost all wickets for 83 runs. In the second innings, Hyderabad scored 139 runs for the loss of six wickets, but they needed 78 runs to tied again.
Meghalaya needs to be free from the scourge of corruption and only the Congress can answer all the challenges facing this beautiful place of Meghalaya,” he said.
Other famous places of Khasi Hills such as Lum Shyllong, Lumsymper and Shillong as well as other places surrounding this hill can also be seen.
He said that 72 percent of the construction has been completed.
Speaking in front of tens of thousands of supporters at the election campaign rally at Thynroit on 24th June, 2023, Bah Banteidor said that in the election campaign rallies of other political parties, many There are 30 different charges against him but the people who have witnessed the work he has done for the constituency will answer all these charges.
On Tuesday, 166 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, bringing the total number of active cases in the state to
These include 4 from East Khasi Hills, 1 from East Jaintia Hills and 1 from North Garo Hills.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Garo Students Union (GSU) Byrnihat have lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District against the manager of a company known as Manoj Sharma. , he assaulted and assaulted a young woman who is an employee of the company.
Chemistry Ma’am : This guy will sit again next year in this same class.
Please think carefully on this issue because if this continues, the poor will become poorer and poorer and they will not be able to buy the food they need.
Shillong, July 28: The Under Secretary of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has sent a letter to the Secretary of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on the issue of the Village Administration Bill. In the letter, the government said that there are some parts of the Village Administration Bill sent by the KHADC which are incomplete and that the KHADC will have to amend it.
“We are deeply saddened by the state government's intention to dismiss the teachers without opening the door for us,” said Kong Arbihlang Suchiang.
Mizoram Defense Minister Lalchamliana said that about 200 Assam Police led by the IGP, Assam Police together with DC, Cachar, SP, Cachar and DFO, Cachar came to Vaireng in an auto-rickshaw. stand haka at 11:30 a.m.
Speaking to reporters at the TMC headquarters in Shillong, Dr Mukul Sangma, TMC Vice-President James Lyngdoh and TMC Students Union Meghalaya President Bansharailang Pyngrope were present.
Jesus said, “When therefore ye shall see the abomination of desolation, spoken of by Daniel the prophet, standing in the holy place (let him that readeth understand),
Then there was the invasion and extermination of the indigenous peoples of the Americas in the name of the discovery of the new world and the teaching of the word of God to the people from the 100th century onwards.
“It is true that there is no intention to purchase a new CT scanner at the hospital.
“About 500 people will lose their jobs due to the government's mismanagement of this project,” said the Sohra MLA.
She also briefly spoke on the Protection of Children from Gender-Based Violence (POCSO Act, 2012) and gave guidelines on cases related to “Anyone who has experienced such incidents should come forward and inform the authorities if anyone has been assaulted inside the village or “Even if the robber is from the house, don't listen and inform the law enforcement authorities,” she said.
The LSC invites all the football fans from the area and other places to come and witness the first quarter match.
When asked whether the construction of the Iawmusiang Complex has been completed from 1st March 2022 to 31 October, 2022, the answer is yes.
“My salary, my income and my savings are my share and not the Consolidated Fund of India,” she said.
By this we know that it is the last hour.
The complaint has been registered under Section 21(b)/29 of the NDPS Act.
“Of course, it cannot be said that in Khliehriat, which is the HQ of the District, the road has been repaired and the people have escaped from the landslide, but when we look back at Narpuh, from Mynkre to Malidor, the road has been repaired. “The road is still like a dirt road and besides that, the traffic jam has increased and the road has deteriorated,” said a statement from the KSU East Jaintia Hills District.
The race was held on Saturday which started from Lad Nartiang, Jowai and ended at the statue of Kiang Nangbah at Syntu Ksiar.
"“Unemployed youths who went looking for jobs were demanded money- isn't that corruption? he said.
According to Novembirth, the people who saw his opening of schools and their benefits, are the reasons why he decided to contest the election to the Meeting in 2023.
Referring to the claims of some government ministers that the change in the employment quota in the state is impossible, as it will affect the state as a whole, he said that That the employment quota is not a political issue, that they will lose votes from Garo, but it is one of the most important issues that can develop the state as a whole.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its surprise and inability to understand what the Government means by continuing to summon the people, members and leaders of the Sengbhalang regarding the incident. for a while in relation to the metor issue.
The new house was inaugurated in the presence of the Sordar of Puriang Village, Bah Bantei Mukhim, Headmistress, Kong Merciful Mylliemngap, elders, parents, teachers and others.
Men are known as 'Khadar bor' but in these times many men are seen as 'robots' who are controlled in pleasures without the slightest 'Bor' above myself'.
At the same time, he expressed his satisfaction to see the vision of the residents of this area in choosing this project which will benefit the community through the 100 days scheme.
The people should not be misled.
This was after a question was raised whether the BJP will follow up on the allegation by the state President that there is serious corruption in the two district councils.
“The banks have decided not to count the interest of the farmers from the third to the fifth month and have allowed them to repay the loan.
Conrad said the Cabinet today selected the Mooriap BOP in East Jaintia Hills, Mukroh BOP and Tihwieh BOP in West Jaintia Hills. Jaintia Hills, Rani-Jirang BOP in Ri-Bhoi District, Umwali BOP, Lejadubi BOP and Langpih BOP in Mooriap BOP. The funds have been allocated for the construction of an Out Post at Athiabari, the upgradation of the Patharkhmah Out Post, Ri Bhoi to a Police Station, and the upgradation of the Kyrshai Out Post. the Police Station.
South Garo Hills is one of the districts most affected by the floods due to the rise of the Simsang River.
