The death toll in Italy has risen to 3,000 in the Lombardy region, near Milan.
What are the laws and prophets that Jesus spoke of? The commandments that Jesus mentioned in his discourse are the Ten Commandments that God gave to Moses and can be found in the four books of Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers and Deuteronomy. also according to the Law of Moses.
The union demands that the state government should pay compensation to all those who died.
The AMTPCA also intends to employ only Khasi youth in various jobs within the Toll Plazas in the State, as it is the case that the jobs within the Toll Plazas have been done. “After seeing this problem and the loss of unemployed youth, it makes us as contractors to set up the AMTPCA,” said Bah. B.Author.
“We remember his glorious death but we celebrate his life, how he gave his life for the crowd.
On the other hand, the residents of the area urged the MDA government to cooperate and negotiate with Assam, not to block the supply of electricity to these three villages, so that The people will benefit like other citizens in the State.
He said that he is a man who always comes together to participate in all activities for the development of the people of the State.
To get more clarity on the number 666, Rupang spoke to Pastor NS Phawa who said that until now, according to him, the Aadhar number has nothing to do with the number
Three schools including Government LP School, Church of God LP School and Thyllaw Upper Primary School.
“I'm stupid, my mother, it's because she loves me and she doesn't want me to be like you,” replied Pher. “It's enough for you to play,” said Pher. “It's true.” The patalok agreed.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday denied the allegation of the Khasi Authors Society (KAS) for not taking action regarding the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule. 8th Schedule) of the Constitution.
The Superintendent of Police (SP) Giri Prasad M said that on receipt of the complaint, the police have registered a case under Section 376 IPC and Section 6 of the POCSO Act.
“The MDA government has been able to build roads, livelihood opportunities, rural development and these are some of the things that have affected and made the people win more in the last elections,” he said. said Momin.
“The Rangbah Shnong election here is held by hand and only those who can vote are not elected from time to time and there have been cases where Rangbah Shnongs have misused their power. They have been deprived of rations, schemes and other village services,” said Bah Syiem.
However, the court said it is confident that the authorities will take action to ensure that the misappropriated money should be recovered and the perpetrator should be brought to justice. law.
Our Government has worked tirelessly to improve the status of farmers in the state.
He said that there are many reasons why the District Council has suspended Bah Bashemphang Thabah due to the lack of permission of the Rangbah Shnongs and the violation of the boundary of the Hima and other reasons. the JAC does complain from time to time.
On the same day, the CEM also launched the Mission Update of the Urban Mission to disseminate to the public.
There were about 10 priests and nurses who treated Bah Mit, Bah David Lamin, from Lamin village; However, those who settled in Nongshyrngan, Pynursla, Bah Donbor Malngiang who settled in Mawpyut Jaintia and an elderly woman who helped Bah David.
In the Under-14 boys' category, Jakrem Presbyterian Higher Secondary School and Mawlieh Upper Primary School in the Regular Time and Extra Time matches played without scoring a single goal.
Thus the one who confesses and repents understands in himself another world of changes in his life.
He said the Government has decided to assist them in meeting the need for Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs), by emphasizing the need to produce these APIs in the country. The Government has approved schemes worth T 10,000 crore for the production of medicines and T 4,000 crore for the production of medical equipment in the country.
The District Sports Meet 2023 will be held at the Chief Minister's Office, Nongpoh.
Along with the mourning, the people also carried flags and placards to express their grief over the loss of Lurshai Hynniewta.
He said the government had used the chiefs of the neighboring himas and also the relatives of the Jaintia chief who came from the north to try to force U Kiang to surrender to the foreign government.
Birla said that public administration bodies such as Parliament, legislatures and village groups should work together and share the best working methods for the smooth running of the work.
For many years my brain has been troubled because I have not found the reason why the Khasi writers create the phrase 'u Lyngngam u Diko'
Antonio said that the visit of the EMs, CEMs and officers of KHADC to Delhi is not a waste of the Council's money but because of the cases which have put the council in trouble. PN Syiem Chairman of FOCUS and Debojit Thaosen CEM North Cachar Hills together with their members have been able to meet with the Ministers of the Union Government regarding the lack of funds for the District Councils. The CM has urged the CM to allocate Special Assistance of T.133 crore to the KHADC and also to other District Councils in the North East.
Hasina, speaking in Abu Dhabi, said there was no influx of people from India to Bangladesh and said Indian citizens were suffering through the implementation of the The benefits of snepkor oil in terms of health.
U Bah Sawkmie admitted that he has worked hard for the constituency for the past five years, especially during the COVID-19 pandemic and as an MLA of the area he has not left the people and after this election he will continue to work hard for the constituency. serve the people of the region and the state as a whole.
At least 300 Israelis have been killed in Hamas's attack, with the Qassam Brigades, Hamas's military wing, saying the fighting continues. in the northern parts of Israel.
Shillong, Nailar : The Sacred Heart Boy Higher Secondary School, Mawlai on Tuesday celebrated its 25th Silver Jubilee of Science Stream in the presence of the MLA of the school. PT Sawkmie as the chief guest and Teiborlang Pathaw, MDC as the secretary.
He was taken back to Navi Mumbai and handed over to his owner.
The resolution came out and both the sons of Bah Rekan passed.
East Khasi Hills has the highest number of cases with 1540 active cases followed by West Garo Hills with 390, Ri Bhoi with 166, West Garo Hills with Hills 32, Eastern West Khasi Hills 27, South West Khasi Hills 26, West Khasi Hills 25, North Garo Hills 24, South Garo Hills 17 and East Garo Hills 11.
Shillong: Former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah DD Lapang, who is also the leader of the National People's Party (NPP), today said that he will fully support the candidate of the National People's Party (NPP). NPP has won the 2023 elections.
When you (Government) set the share of people who have already done the work it is their right to demand.
As witnessed, it was said that after the severe damage to crops in the state, the farmers have said that it is now difficult for them to produce food due to the Excessive damage to crops especially from unseasonal rains and other natural disasters especially during floods.
Shillong: Two persons were killed and another seriously injured when a bolero overturned on the National Highway 44E near the Food Corporation of India (FCI) in Pyndengrei. It is located in the district of West Khasi Hills.
IASO is the Association of Doctors of Infectious Diseases in India.
Not only that, it was also said that the Aadhar registration can be done at any government office, or at schools, colleges, villages and any other workplace, in consultation with the office. of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, besides blessings to the new leaders of the Western Ri Bhoi Dorbar and Social Welfare Organization, promised to take action on these issues. They also urged him as a leader to speak to the government for the sake of peace and change in the Ri Bhoi Sepngi region as a whole.
Zakir was shot dead while he was herding cattle at the border area and was taken to Sylhet Osmani Medical College Hospital where he died.
“Many parties have come to meet him, some have thrown money, some MLAs have said they will fight for their party, the money will be spent by themselves, but I don't want to. because I have to think for the people.
Therefore, you should be close to friends, consult with fellow vendors especially the price they sell together, the price to earn together so that you can sell without any problems in the market.
Even the snowflakes couldn't help but laugh when he spoke.
The BVKJWO and KSU BVC have demanded compensation for the damage caused by the Forest Department and punishment for the employees and officers of the Lowerpoa Range.
The Court may also charge the officers with criminal offenses after receiving the report before proceeding with the matter, she said.
The family has demanded that the government should provide protection to their family and also to arrest those involved in the murder of their son last year and also to Marcus Lapasap of Umtyrnga, Ribhoi District, has been arrested for spreading a false rumor that Mono Areng has Rs 78 crore. to the persecution of this family.
Pynursla: As part of the service and assistance to the NEIMA Children's Home in Laitmynrieng, Pynursla today, 4th November 2020, two NGOs of the Hynniewtrep Youths' Council of the North East Circle and Watsapp Group Ka Sain Pyrkhat Riwar Mihngi, have delivered beverages including rice, sugar, leaves, Dai, Shana, Ata, Biscuits, piat, rice and other food items. many kinds of clothes for children.
On this occasion, the UCPF leaders said that the meeting was not a public meeting, but only a meeting of the units and only 7 members from each unit were sent to attend. The people who attended the meeting wanted Bah Sunshine Makri to get the UDP ticket from Umsning.
“I have foreseen that the VPP will get a 'nod' because now the people do not accept the VPP in Khasi Hills and also in Jaintia Hills,” said Bah Coming.
“Our new spirit of innovation will achieve the goal of a developed India by 2047,” Modi said.
The decision of the High Court today is in accordance with the order issued on the 4th of this month which decided to appoint a committee as appointed by the NGT earlier to monitor the government's implementation. The SC and NGT have decided to take action against coal in Meghalaya.
In the first leg of the tournament, the girls of Ri-Bhoi District beat Eastern West Khasi Hills District 5-1
Meghalaya will prepare to face Himachal Pradesh on 29th July
Nongpoh: The Syiem together with the Ministers and Lyngdohs of Raid Marwet, on Saturday, held a special programme, the Sohjer, which was held at Mer, Ri Bhoi District.
The Abolition of Triple Talaq Bill, 2019, has come into force on 1st July 2019 and violators will face up to three years in jail.
The office of the District Agriculture Officer will collect the census in all the villages in the District in collaboration with government officials from various departments in the District.
Others who attended the foundation stone laying ceremony included Chief Engineer JNS Lakiang, Arju Dkhar, Secretary Lummawbah Village and BDO Mylliem PT Passah.
SGH beat West Jaintia Hills DCA by 129 runs in the final match in the presence of the officials of the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA).
At the same time, they demanded that the bank should pay the interest to those people who have been waiting for the scheme for a long time as they should have received, because as the banks need to receive the interest from The banks should also pay the interest to the people, because one beneficiary of this scheme does not have to leave the scheme every three or four months. times, in the hope of withdrawing the money to complete the rest of their house, which if you calculate carefully the cost of traveling to and from the bank from time to time has reached tens of thousands of dollars.
“We get paid when we go around to get information from the people, from the village leaders on the implementation of development projects and politicians,” said a young woman who was appointed to get information from one constituency. .
Kyrmen Shylla expressed his confidence that the UDP party in the coming days will be at the forefront in the state and at that time it will be a blessing and benefit to the people especially those who love and trust the party.
The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of SBYWA at its meeting held on 3rd July 2019 at Ladrymbai has decided to honor the students who have passed well in various grades to encourage them in their studies and to commemorate them. SBYWA has announced that all students who pass SSLC-65% and above, HSSLC-55% and above and 50% above will graduate. receive this award.
One by one, O children of the country, To keep our country, The unrighteous don't be afraid, Because it will be a sin.
There are many provisions of the Act which urgently needed to be elaborated as part of preserving the special status.
Presenting the budget in the House, Conrad said the total expenditure will be T.22,022 crore, but excluding the repayment of T.988 crore, the expenditure is T.21,034 crore.
“You haven't had any comments yet.
Speech was delivered by Bah Banshai Marbaniang, Leader of AIM Meghalaya State and MACC, who urged the people of the area not to play games. He also urged the people to see far ahead by looking at the evidence of the destruction of the State from the MLAs who are the leaders of the State. Nongmihkhmat and Minister in this period of 5 years which has indeed brought about the destruction in many areas including the income of the poor, employment opportunities of students, the loss of many agricultural and forestry products produced in the area, the decline in education which remains the same to this day and all others without anyone standing to witness for the good especially as MLAs and others.
He said that the party is ready to give its right hand to the leader to force the Government to look into the appointment.
Shillong: A clash has broken out in Motphran area this evening after 4-5 suspected Punjabis have allegedly stolen free food from Saw Aiom shop.
The highest expenditure was on grants related to food allowance – T.203.62 crore, Electricity – T.382.57 crore, Sports – T.49.03 crore and non-grant Public Debt – T.2,786.56 crore.
In the fourth match of the Under-17 category, North Liberty H/S School played against Little Flower H/S School Ummulong. It really impressed the spectators and the supporters of both teams.
Regarding the work of the staff as doctors, u Bah Lyngdoh said that in the past years, the doctor in charge of the department used to visit the office every once in a while. This year, he has come only once and there are only employees in the office who have helped to give medicine to those people who come to get medicine for their animals.
He said that after throwing stones at the house, the man returned to throw stones with a knife, in which there were also threats to kill the Minister.
Shillong, July 18: A group of 39 women will knock on the door of the residence of the Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmanathan tomorrow to demand a share in the Dorbar Shnong by entering the Village. The group will be led by Kong Angela Rangad, one of the women, to demand that the VAB of the KHADC is not adequate because it has not given a share or participation to women. kitkam in the villages.
“The opening of 157 nursing colleges near the medical colleges is a big step for people working in the health sector.
Therefore, there should be a cooperation to maintain the relationship".
Turning to the government for policies will help.
“The government should cancel the social agreement with the company and call a new tender for the HSRP,” said Bah M Jyrwa, General Secretary of ADAM. He said that the price of HSRP in Assam is only T.119 for two wheelers, T.153 for three wheelers, T.318 for non-carriage vehicles. T.335 for heavy vehicles.
He said the government has decided to deploy drones to investigate the flood affected areas in different parts of the state so that emergency assistance can be provided to the people in times of need. .
Speaking to reporters, Mark D. Gashna, Assistant General Secretary of the RBSU, said that the reason why the RBSU has taken this opportunity to complain about the expenditure of illegal shops is After the union found that there are many illegal shops that violate the rules and regulations laid down by the government.
Speaking on the foundation of the BJP as the President of the BJP in the state, Ma Shibun Lyngdoh, expressed his satisfaction that many people in Meghalaya have started to show their support for the BJP. They are quick to support the BJP party which stands for the rights of the poor and the party which has the right to vote. the goal is to bring about change in all aspects.
Teiboklang Biam and Dasaman Kyndait won the second prize in the men's category while Monlangki Kyndait and Heiniwanki Nongbah won the second prize in the women's category.
Hundreds of members of the KSU and RBYF were blocked by the Assam Police, who came from Ulukunchi Police Station. Assam Police Chiefs who are in charge of the area.
However, only the RUNG and not the MIH. Foreigners who have entered the country have not been allowed to leave the country. During the last lockdown we have seen that our State Leaders who live outside the State have been ready to return to their State.
Jowai, June 10: The XXth Assembly of the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian (KJP) Youth Assembly was held at the Jowai Presbyterian Church, Jowai Presbytery on Tuesday Eastern Synod, this service started on Thursday 8th June, on the theme “Faith in Christ” (John 15:4).
That is why he cried out, “Father Abraham.
He said that the Seng Khasi will continue to visit the coffin every year from now on.
Besides the Lapalang Unit, there are other UDP offices in Pynursla who do not agree with the actions of the UDP headquarters.
In this regard, the CoRP through its president, Bah Bandary Ryntathiang, has requested the KHADC to visit the Ri-Bhoi district where shops and marketplaces have been flooded every day. “Many of these shops don't have proper documents but many of them are benami,” he said.
At present, only Mawlai have won all their matches in the group, but the remaining MSL 2019 champions, Shillong Lajong (two games remaining) are hopeful. to continue the victory.
The union leader said that they have met with the management of the company which is constructing the road, to request them to fight to expedite the work and to arrange with the Meghalaya Energy Corporation. Limited, to relocate these electricity polls as soon as possible.
In Jowai, house services have started throughout the day and today, as a sign of respect for the founder of the church in Jowai, Babu Hajom Kissor Singh Nongbri, wreath laying ceremony was held at the statue of Babu Hajom Kissor Singh Nongbri. GM Lamar and the flag of the party was hoisted.
He said that on the 11th of this month he went with the CEM and other MDCs and found that the market has not changed at all and the pollution is the same.
“We can hold a meeting next month to discuss this issue, we will fix the date of the meeting”.
Replying to a question, Sangma said; “It is true that the issue is the infiltration of foreigners, and on this there have been raids, penalties and many other measures in many areas.
Here I would also like to inform you readers that Kiang Nangbah was that freedom fighter who sacrificed his life and did not hesitate to fight against the tyrant who wanted to rule our country.
I can’t get it done myself due to meetings and I don’t have any of my cards with me.
The Shnong has informed the police who have come to investigate and take action according to the rules of law.
In English, witchcraft can be compared to 'Sorcery' or 'Necromancy', even if it is not exactly so.
Kachhap is the MLA of Khijri and Kolebira.
Meghalaya has received the first bio fertilizer plant in the state for the development of agriculture at Kyem village in Mawphlang East Khasi Hills District.
Laibungjam Inao, 27, of Meitei, and Jangminlen Gangte, of Kuki ethnic group, were killed in a clash in Naransena.
Shillong: Kynjatshai journalist Khien Mawkon has been stabbed by a man at Bañiun Upper Shillong on the midnight of March the reporter was on his way home.
During the meeting, the smiling faces of the people were seen, which was a sign of their happiness to meet with their family, brothers and sisters, brothers and sisters Khasi.
Righteousness must stand firm so that it can serve as a warning to others who have the same purpose and idea.
The incident took place on the border of Maheshkhola in South West Khasi Hills district of Meghalaya.
Prize: 1st Prize T.50 thousand, 2nd Prize T.30 thousand and 3rd Prize T.10 thousand.
Speaking on the decline of the indigenous parties, Rowell Lyngdoh said, “Even among us, there is not enough cooperation.
Khliehriat, July 07: U Bah Salbinus Dhar, also known as Bah Chiang Dhar, has committed suicide after being seriously injured in a shooting incident. that morning in Bangladesh.
It is this love of God that has restored that broken golden bridge, this love that continues and restores the relationship between God and man.
This is the same for our state, but like the British who ruled many countries in the world and also our country India and Meghalaya for many years until about From 1858 to 1947, they also brought the Christian faith to many and this grew especially in these hilly areas of the East.
They are Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, PT Sawkmie, Mayralborn Syiem, Kimfa Marbaniang and Mohendro Rapsang.
Until now, scientists have not learned the strategy to eliminate this disease; However, it is better to plant a rice variety that is not affected by this disease.
The Khooid Ya of Wah Myntdu said that if the PWD department does not take action to stop the spread of soil, it will take other measures.
The Dorbar Shnong Laban, Shillong in a statement through Bah Joy Rynjah Secretary informed that it will hold a cleanliness drive on the 17th of this month from 8 am to 12 noon.
It is on this same basis that Job said to God, “Remember that my life is but a breath” Job 6:7
“For example, Manipur focuses more on boxing, weightlifting and Haryana on wrestling,” he said. 3 most common types of gambling.
He said that the case has been taken over for further investigation by the CID. He said that the CID has also sent a message to the management of the WhatsApp platform to The questions about the incident have spread for the first time.
The sudden dismissal of these three officers of the Lokayukta has raised strong suspicion that the State Government may have punished them for prosecuting these 12 officers especially that one of them is The NPP MLA and nine MDCs are also members of the ruling party.
The UDP has been campaigning in many constituencies despite not having held a public meeting. Speaking to reporters, the party leaders said that the candidates in front of them have been working hard. They included the President, Dr. Donkupar Roy, the General Secretary, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, Bah Titos W Chyne MLA and many other leaders.
There is a great need for a reform/transformation of the electoral system in order to change the democracy in our country otherwise danger, corruption and terror will soon happen in our country forever.
The walkathon was organized in collaboration with Molbio Diagnosis Pvt.
They will undergo training at the Advance Mountaineering Course at the Himalayan Mountaineering Institute (HMI) in Darjeeling, West Bengal and have passed Grade “A” Himalayan Mountaineering Institute (HMI), Darjeeling, which is one of the best training centers for climbers in Darjeeling, where Bah Rilang Dkhar won the bronze medal in the Rock Climbing Competition. .
The CSWO said that the lives of people are in danger if uranium mining is allowed.
At the same time, he said the state government will send a letter to the Prime Minister to express the concerns of the people of the state.
Smit, Jymmang 22: “Those who don't know the law resign from the post of MDC” said Bah HS Shylla while speaking at a meeting held in Smit on the issue of ban on drug trafficking. “Many MLAs who lead the people think only how to find schemes but don't know how to make laws,” he said.
Look at the difference, aren't we the smallest paid people in India?
The incident happened on the 9th of this month, when these robbers went to khwai at Pung Nongmahir, which falls under Nongdieng ngan village. The incident occurred when he was trying to take a plastic bag, which was carried away by the wind inside the pond, because at that time it was raining and windy.
Speaking to reporters, the new BJP President Rikman Momin said that his main goal is to strengthen the party.
The Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the introduction of the Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security Act (MRSSA) in the state by the former government does not require the approval of the government. The Inner Line Permit (ILP) is currently in place.
The Advocate General said that the implementation of the 18th Interim Report is still in the hands of Justice BP Katakey (retired), who will issue the report to be released.
Although the government has declared containment zones for public gatherings and gatherings in Shillong, Tura and Jowai, the government has made it clear that there will be no curfew. The MBOSE Exam will be held after 1st May 2021 until its end.
Shillong, Naitung 30: A Wagon R (ML-05G 0051) has collided with four persons at Nongthymmai on Saturday morning at 7:30 am. u Nilakshi Thakur of Lumiablot, New York.
Frozen pizza: Pizza is a food that is high in sodium.
Furthermore, the union also expressed its concern about the lack of school fees and also about the lack of documents in schools in the state as most of the students in the state are Those who are low income especially those from rural areas have to pay for housing, food, travel and especially school fees which makes it difficult for their parents to support them. bor their children.
:The new Khasi song, “Tiewdohmaw” will be released on the 29th July
Pijush Hazarika attended a public meeting in Baksa district on Tuesday without wearing a mask and did not stay away from others.
Some also expressed their support for Hamas and Palestinians such as Iran and others.
A meeting of the people of Rangshken constituency was held on 24th June 2023 at Rangshken as part of the campaign for the election to be held on 10th June 2023, in the presence of UDP leaders including President Metbah Lyngdoh, General Secretary. Bah Jemino Mawthoh and several MLAs of the party were also present.
Singh said that so far about 70% of the signboards have been completed and others that have not been completed have been ordered to start and the work is ongoing.
He said that 95 tonnes of rnga have been seized in the last three years and a fine of 2,60,000 tyngka has been imposed.
Then the road from Lad Lawmali to Polo and Wahumkhrah when it reaches near the road to Wahingdoh, there is no street light here either and it causes vehicles and people to stop and sit because of the long dark.
Declining to comment on the clarifications made by the HNLC, Conrad said, “We have also sent clarification replies as information and also to get a reply from the Central Government”. When we get a reply, we will send a message to them and continue the discussion”.
Students of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) have been attacked by foreigners at Ichamati village in Shella Police Station, East Khasi Hills District today. Lurshai Hynniewta died of his injuries.
The suspect was arrested at midnight on October 8 and 9 in the area of ​​the army headquarters in Amritsar Sector of Punjab, a BSF chief said. In another report, a Pakistani national was arrested before reaching the checkpoint near the BSF headquarters on the Nikka border in Gurdaspur Sector on Friday.
Justice Sanjib Banerjee, Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, while speaking at the meeting, congratulated the organizers for organizing such a program to benefit those who are entitled to receive assistance and to know their rights. their.
The Government has decided to set up a shelter for animals, especially those that live on the streets. Prestone said that these NGOs will take good care of these animals. not im on the street.
The new scheme for the athletes was launched by the Chief Minister on Tuesday at the awards ceremony for the athletes who won medals in the 2017-18 season at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
The extension of the GHADC has exposed the misdeeds of Mukul Sangma who wants to protect himself.
Also present were the chief guests, PWD Patharkhmah Sub-Division, W. Sumer, MDC Mawhati Sub-Division, Lakhon Biam MDC Nangbah-Ïalong Constituency and others.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club on Tuesday, the Minister of Food and Civil Supplies, Bah Comingone Ymbon together with the Commissioner & Secretary of the Ministry, Pravin Bakshi, said: He said that by linking the Ration Card with the Adhaar Card, it will free them from fraud and ensure that those who deserve to benefit will not be violated of their rights and this will benefit the people themselves.
l The target of the budget is to reach a US Dollar 10 Economy by 2028 or a 10 Billion Dollar Economy by
On the other hand, the residents have requested the district administration of West Jaintia Hills to provide assistance to these families and at the time of writing these victims are staying with their neighbours.
Therefore, the law enforcement agencies through the police department have to find out the root cause of the fire, and whether someone set fire to it? If it was someone who went to set fire, who did those who did it mean to enmity? Therefore, with the loss of this school building, the students have also lost their classrooms.
“The NGT and the High Court have done their duty by urging the law enforcement agencies of the central government to patrol and curb the illegal trade. law to the coal.
The meeting was concluded with a speech of thanks and congratulations by Samla Aiti Siangshai I, General Secretary of the party.
According to the letter sent to Kyrmen, Bah Kharmalki took over in September 2020 and has been able to bring about good governance which has been in harmony with the district administration and the people especially the leaders. village.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, KHADC Executive Member Lamphrang Blah said that the Acting Sordar of Marbisu, Edward Kurbah, has been appointed after the death of the Sordar of the Hima, Alexius Kurbah. He passed away on 19th June, 2016 and the appointment of Bah Edward was made with the approval of 15 out of 16 Rangbah Shnongs from the villages under the Hima Marbisu at a meeting of the people. Rangbah Shnong which was held on the 26th of June (one of the Rangbah Shnong was in critical condition at that time).
Shillong: A girl child was found dead near Mawkynrew village at 4 pm this evening.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the state government has not taken any decision to allocate land to the CRPF. Prestone said the government has not taken any decision to allocate land to the CRPF and such false news comes from nowhere, the government has no information.
The march will start from Ramlila Square to Parliament Street tomorrow.
Also, that the Dorbar Kpoh, as mentioned above, should hold a meeting before the day of the Dorbar Pyllun to elect the members of the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Pyllun and submit the report of their work so far. , said a statement by Edward Kurbah, General Secretary.
The Seng strongly states that in the past decades, Shillong has been destroyed by greed and selfishness and traders, private individuals do whatever they want when building houses and other buildings. they don't obey the laws and regulations, and they violate them.
“Vi will donate 23071 notebooks used for the World Record to the Ministry of Education – Uttar Pradesh.
In Arts Class XII, Ri Bhoi District has scored better than other districts with 82.64% while South West Garo Hills has scored the lowest with 40.70%. kids don’t pass.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Minister said, “When we celebrate the 188th anniversary of the passing away of Tirot Singh, what we need to remember is that we are not only commemorating the 188th anniversary of the death of Tirot Singh. years of the death of Tirot Singh but more importantly we celebrate his life.
Shillong, October 19:.
In the second match, Para I SC beat Sutnga 6-1
“The reason for not accepting this is also because one of the reasons is that there should have been a consultation with the District Councils because the government does not have the right to the land on any basis. take decisions on lands that do not belong to them".
The DGP was speaking at a one-day workshop on Anti-Human Trafficking organized by the CID of the State Police.
On the other hand, Kong Theirit said that they will fight for their rights because they have only this land and if they lose their land, they will flee.
Shillong: The KHNAM led by Bah Pyndap Saibon as President and Bah Thomas Passah, Leader of the State Youth Wing, today went to count the weight of books. of students.
He also urged the party leaders not to be afraid of the arrest.
He asked the price and she said she meant to sell it for T4 lakh.
The stadium, which has been covered with plastic sheets (40 m x 22 m) and has been equipped with floodlights all around the stadium, has been constructed at the expense of four men. 4 For All'.
The Seiñ Kur Dkhar, Wapung Circle, has announced that it will honor the students of the Dkhar Circle who have passed well in various examinations for the year 2020 on the 30th January 2021 at Pamrakmai Village.
“On this occasion of our celebration of International Human Rights Day, we urge the Government, the leaders and all those in power to ensure that society is free from human rights violations. said Dino DG Dympep, Chairman of the Meghalaya People's Human Rights Council.
Therefore, the State Government is ready if this disease strikes again for the third time.
Speaking to Rupang, the Rangbah Shnong of Nongkseh Rim, Bah EL Thangkhiew, said that after the children were found at 8 pm, they informed the village authorities and it was at 10 pm. At 30:00 pm, the village authorities have raided the area known as Wah Umsohlang.
Any city or urban area has a night life, which is called night life.
The chairman of the JAC, Prof. Lakhon Kma, said that it is now up to the VC how to announce, because according to the rules, if anyone has resigned for 15 days, it means that he has resigned. NEHU doesn't need him anymore.
He said that the case is only a political act of the BJP government led by Narendra Modi. He said that there has been a campaign against the Congress party on the GST Bill. that you are misleading the people.
They are also animals that help to fertilize the soil.
Nongstoiñ: U Homding Jyrwa, 48, of Umtap village, has lost his life after falling from a Bolero pick up.
If everyone agrees to send Padmaavat to the Oscars, perhaps the film will bring fame and glory to India as a whole and especially to the filmmaker Bhansali and all the members.
Shillong, June 18: U Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), on Tuesday said that the present Executive Committee led by him cannot be dissolved.
Shillong, June 11 : Madan Hindi Pathshala Secondary School on the 10th of this month celebrated its 57th Anniversary of service to the people of the area.
However, after the road was empty for several days, a group of land dealers led by Thma U Rangli Juki (TUR) led by Angela Ryngad rushed to the Secretariat and met with the Minister. the Urban Development Department to address the issue of market vendors.
It is amazing that the sea was no more at that time, wow the power of God!.
“ Money ruled and rulers were blinded because they were enveloped by money.
The neglect and discrimination against the elected leaders of the people just because they are small villages and have few voters is common in many constituencies in the State.
It should fight against the foreigners who enter the country,” said Shah.
In a statement, the KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit said that Meghalaya needs peace and security first if the government really wants to develop tourism.
According to the application, Bernard Marak has been granted bail in connection with the case lodged at Women Police Tura, under case no 107(07)2022, if there are no other cases. In this regard, he must not destroy the truthfulness of the witnesses and must appear before the investigation officer and must not travel abroad and must pay the agreement. 30,000 to the court.
Eighteen MDCs from the PDF attended the meeting, three absent, namely Adelbert Nongrum, Process T Sawkmie and Victor Rani.
His bail application in relation to his plea was rejected as he is yet to be remanded for further investigation.
Because of the decline in the labor force, it often leads to poverty, backwardness and deprivation.
Khundrakpam Ronel Singh of Manipur won the gold medal while Kevin John Khyllait of Meghalaya came second.
The statement said that the families of those youths who joined the party should be proud of their children who came to fight for the nation.
This out post in Barato has been in operation for decades, but until now it has not been completed.
“The residents have complained that the distributors have charged T.10 per kilo of rice which is only T.3 per kilo,” said Bah Thongni.
"I promise that in the 2014 elections, the BJP will come out victorious," Modi told reporters at the party headquarters. Senior party leaders except LK Advani were also present.
Rahman, who is one of the Grammy and Oscars winning composers, said it is necessary to select films that are interesting and suitable to compete in this competition. The world knows how to select films to compete at the Oscars along with other international films.
The President of Kuki Students' Organization, Shillong, Dr Jangkhohao Hangshing said that the estimate of the arrival of people from Manipur is only until the first month of July. , the number of refugees in Shillong has reached about
The State Government has invited the leaders of 10 political parties to a table of discussion on the 29th of this month to discuss their demand for the immediate implementation of the ILP in the State.
It is the duty of the District Council to fix the boundary after the entry of the Khasi Hima, which means that the boundary of the District Council relating to Assam should be the boundary of the Khasi Hima according to the Independence Act, 1947".
The beginning and establishment of the Sutnga Hima in this country According to the legends of the ancestors, Shyngkleiñ Am, the son of Li Dokha, was the first to found the Hima and he was also the founder of the Hima. My first king.
The Chief Secretary of the State, Bah Donald Wahlang, congratulated all those who have taken part in ensuring the safety for this big game which the state has the opportunity to prepare for.
Mothers and fathers not only have to carry their own children, they also have to carry the lyngkor of their grandchildren.
“As it is, there are many candidates contesting this election, including MLA Bah Samlin Malngiang from the NPP, Congress candidate, TMC candidate, HSDP candidate and also from the NPP. Shillong, Lber 14: U Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, President of the VPP, on Tuesday expressed his satisfaction with the willingness of the people to support the party and also those who want to contest the MDC election from the VPP. Speaking at a meeting in Smit during his visit to the villages to congratulate the people, Bah Ardent said He said that due to the large number of candidates from the VPP, the party has been unable to contest in the constituencies where there are enough people.
These items were distributed by Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla in the presence of JHADC MDC Octomewot Lamin. College, Dr. EM Blah and others at the meeting held at the Multi-Purpose Hall, Kiang Nangbah Government College, Jowai.
"We have written many letters to the government to extend the deadline since 2013," said one of those who passed the examination on Monday.
The Advisor of ICFAI University Meghalaya, Dr.VSB Sangma welcomed the Alumni of the University and congratulated the alumni who have taken this step to work together for the welfare of the students. I'm from this University.
He recalled that recently a meeting was held between the Union of Truck Owners, the Union of Foreign Dew Producing Factories and the District Administration of East Jaintia Hills to improve the transportation system. Dew Bilat has also approved to supply 40 trucks per day but in these months these 4 factories have not been able to do so.
In the men's category, Christ King School won by 33 to 32 points against Anderson HSS. After a spectacular final match especially in the men's category, the Basketball Association West Khasi Hills The awarding of prizes to the finalists and winners.
“I personally feel that we should sit down and find out the reasons why it happened until we lost.
The relatives of the deceased have informed the police for further investigation.
When asked how he feels that there are some candidates for the post of President, Dr Don said, “The number of candidates for the post of party leader shows that there are many skilled leaders. to lead, and it's the best".
Shillong: The celebration of Teachers' Day in the city has turned colorful after the deficit teachers under the banner of KJDSTA and GHDSTEA held a flag raising ceremony to express their regret that the government has not released the teachers' day. salary arrear of 25 percent in addition to the salary once every 3 or 4 months.
The MDA government should have thought carefully before implementing this Act, because I think there are Ministers now who have left school.
The committee will meet on the 15th of this month in New Delhi and the Chief Secretary has held a meeting with his officers today and decided to visit the committee. Yeshi Tsering, Principal Secretary to the State Government, in charge of the Department of Mineral Resources, said in a statement.
She said that since the government has recognized synsar as an agricultural commodity, the market price has increased.
The Seng said that according to the order of the High Court to the Meghalaya government to suspend the recruitment process, it is not wrong.
Youths who have won chess and who are still receiving awards from the leaders of the Kur Warjri At this dorbar bah of the Kur Warjri, the youths who have excelled in their studies and work have also been honoured. Bah Riewad V Warjri, Retired Kur Rangbah, Envoy, Ambassador of India around the world.
Police have recovered one live grenade and seven 7.62mm rounds of ammunition.
It has been seen that in the past, the meetings ended up maintaining the status quo without any arrangement,” he said.
The prizes were awarded by the chief guest, PKsoo Assistant Waheh Shnong Namdong in the presence of DSO K. Passah, President Sports Club Namdong, B. Sungoh, teachers and others.
Shillong, November 1: It is a public meeting, which has never been seen before in the last decade.
Shillong, July 25: The foundation stone for the construction of a Youth Cultural Center was inaugurated by the MLA of the area and Minister of State, Bah AL Hek in the presence of Sanjay Goyal. Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, members of Mawpat Dorbar Shnong and residents.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong BL Kharumnuid said that two members of her family have been killed in this way and her brother has been killed for four years.
All 18 members of the RBYF, including the leaders of the party and leaders from the circles and units, have been charged under section 124 A IPC. Shillong, November 2: The Minister of PWD, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, today denied that the company that constructed the the Four Lane Road has been completed.
The Assam Rifles (KCP) has arrested five members of the Kangleipak ​​Communist Party (KCP) in the past few days. People's War Group (PWG) who came to surrender to the police in Manipur.
He said Gangtok, Sikkim has earned the title of the cleanest city in the region and the organic state in the country.
The residents expressed their dissatisfaction with the CPMWD department's lack of immediate action to repair or build other bridges in these two places. Through the Deputy Commissioner, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, he immediately took the initiative to send a letter and directed the CPWD department to repair these two bridges at Shymplong and Lahaleiñ. The reason why the government and the department doesn't take action to repair and treat us residents in the border areas with Bangladesh, we are facing a lot of problems in transportation and when the disease comes. “It is difficult because of the lack of vehicles to pass through these damaged bridges,” said the residents of the area.
Nongpoh, Lber 15: A Pulsar motorcycle driver has died and his friend has been seriously injured when he collided with a highway fence at Shangbangla village, Ri-Bhoi District.
Furthermore, before you vote, you must ask God's law on the kind of candidates you want to vote for (not those who don't have money to vote).
He said Mukul Sangma has admitted that the central government has not released funds to the non-Congress ruling states but the truth is different.
The tournament was held in collaboration with the Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBA) at Umlyngka Stadium, Upper Shillong.
Shillong, March 9: The Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO) on Tuesday said that the Special Investigation Team (SIT) has concluded that Sub Inspector PJ Marbaniang committed suicide by stabbing three persons; This is unacceptable and the investigation should be handed over to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).
“This incident is no longer a pleasure,” said Bah Pyngope.
I have also received a letter from Charles Marngar, MDC Mawhati informing me about this action of the Assam Government,” said CEM of KHADC Titos W Chyne in a statement.
However, among these, the most vulnerable are the health centers or hospitals which have to provide services 24 hours a day.
Regarding the salary of domestic workers, Kong Wanpynhun said that the union has released the salary of domestic workers in 2018 which has been set at 2,000 per month. 1 hour per day and 8,000 per month for those who work in the same household for the whole day.
He said that on the decision of Bah Adelbert Nongrum not to vote for the MP candidate in the Rajya Sabha, he said that this is a democracy in which he or she has the right to express one's opinion and no one can stop it.
He alleged that these trucks were driving without proper documents and number plates as he witnessed this during his personal inspection at the place where the trucks were parked along the Dalu Road.
Firstbornson Thongi, who scored two goals against Domtynrong YC&CC on 21st March, has scored two goals again this time. Firstborn scored the second goal of the day through an assist from Kyntiew.
This is also the truth that we see in our state.
However, Mondal said this does not mean that MeECL will not take any more steps to build electricity projects in the state.
He admitted that when they asked the management of the company why they did not work properly on the road, the answer they received was that the Government does not have the money.
They are looking forward to achieving this goal in the Nations League and it will also be a golden opportunity for captain Luka Modric, who has made 166 appearances abroad.
The aim of the DTC is to educate the students on how to protect themselves so that they can become preachers on how to treat and also to eliminate the discrimination against those who have the disease. you are sick.
These music videos include one titled "Kynsan Kynsan", another in Hindi known as "Rehjaare Rehjaare" and another in Assamese. by “Pink Pink".
According to the Bible, about 1290 BC during the reign of Pharaoh Ramases II, the wind of freedom blew throughout Egypt.
According to the directive, only observers/micro observers, polling officers and security personnel are allowed to carry mobile phones, but no noise should be made from them. that mobile phone.
The price should not exceed 100 tyngka for large cows and 50 tyngka for smaller cows, as the prize cows are usually produced only from the competition.
All the while I was still afraid of church circumcision.
In the report, the CAG also showed the debt and interest that Meghalaya will have to pay over the next six years, from 2022-23 to 2030-3
He said that four meals a day have been provided along with sha and this has been done by the government.
If there is any incident, we will get information but for now we cannot investigate,” he promised.
Trai Ri Dorbars and their powers: There is an urgent need to recognize and strengthen Trai Ri Dorbars such as Shnong Dorbars, Kur Dorbars, Raid Dorbars, Hima Dorbars and so on.
Therefore, we as the family would like to express our gratitude to you friends including the Waheh Shnong, President and Secretary VDP of Dkhiah East, JSM under the leadership of President Ma Leningstar Rymbai and Vice President Ma Skhembhalang Dkhar and members of the party, Bah L Kharsyntiew Officer Incharge of Khliehriat Police Station and his staff, Kong O Tyngkan incharge of Women Police and staff, Village Leaders, Relatives and others. friends from afar.
In Ribhoi, there are 2 cases, one soldier and one civilian, in West Garo Hills, 39 cases, 29 BSF personnel and 10 civilians.
“Sometimes if we talk and meet like that without paying attention we are surprised but by giving a written statement whether it is true or not we will get a written statement that the people will know and understand.
The VPP demands that the Governor should speak in English and if he cannot do so, there should be a translator from Hindi into English.
The residents want to allow Oni Maskur Deshmukh to conduct the ceremony, which has been signed by 900 people.
Shillong, November 9: The UDP candidate from Laban-Mawprem constituency, Fedrick Lynshing, on Tuesday said that the HSPDP is not a party that supports the issue of ethnicity. However, the UDP supports the CEM of KHADC on his issues.
This was announced by the Aroha Coordinator, Kong Pauline Warjri, while talking to reporters in Shillong after returning from the tournament.
After the meeting, Erwin K Syiem Sutnga, while speaking to the media, said that the purpose of the meeting today is to strengthen the party in the coming days. The youth who are the hope of the country and the nation.
Tomorrow, Mawlai SC will play against Synroplang 77 at 2:30pm followed by Lumparing against Maw U-tieng at 4:15pm.
“Prestone also rejected the statement of the AITC chief that the demarcation of the border at seven places between Meghalaya and Assam is only an attempt to please the officials in Delhi.
Winning said he would work with the UDP party and the MLA to bring about development works in the entire region.
He said the absence of a prime ministerial candidate has allowed the BJP to slow down the opposition.
Shillong, November 20, 2022: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawlai Circle on Tuesday distributed awards to 65 students in various fields of study, from SSLC, HSSLC, Post Graduate. They also distributed prizes to the winners of the Mawlai Inter School Competition 2022, Painting and Debate Competition at the Community Hall, NEHU. The competition was attended by Badonkupar Rynjah, OM Roy Memorial Higher Secondary Secondary School, Armiki Wahlang, Mawroh SS and Omelaaiphylla. Chevinia L Mawnai, Ai Shanghai English SS. In the Turkish competition, Rikynti Lyngdoh, OM Roy Memorial HSS, Silveris. M.Lyndem, Deiniwanshwa Shylla, Church of God SS and the Youngest Speaker was awarded to Baphilaniewkor Wahlang, Mawroh SS. Elsarica Umdor won the North East Zone Inter State Badminton Championship.
After the birth of Deepika Padukone and Ranveer Singh, it is now the turn of Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas, who will get married on November 2,
The doctors available at the hospital include Medicine, Paediatrician, Surgery and ENT. The Out Patient Department (OPD) includes ECG, Endoscopy, X-ray, Ultra Sound (Scanning) and Laboratory.
Paul said that after taking over as EM incharge of the Building Byelaw, he understood the urgent need for the District Council to have a Building Bye Law, as the areas outside the Building Byelaw Shillong, outside the Greater Shillong Area, there has been the construction of large buildings and there has also been the destruction of houses near the water and to prevent this is not in the hands of the state government.
On these matters, let us see what the Word of God says.
About 3000 participants including Principal Secretaries of Education/Skill Departments of States/UTs, Directors of IITs, NITs, IIITs, IISERs, IISCs, Vice -chancellors of Central, State and Private Universities, chief executives of other HEIs, teachers, Principals / students of schools, ITIs, chief executives / Members of Regulatory Bodies like NCERT, CBSE, UGC, AICTE, NCTE, NCVET, SSC, NSDC, Chief Executive Officers/Members of CII, FICCI, NASSCOM, ASSHOCHAM and others.
The video was mixed edited by Distar Syiem.
“The government should turn these crops into agricultural products and especially the sohmrit which is in danger of extinction,” said Bah Syntar Klas.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 30: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, CP Gotmare, said that the residents of Ronghona welcome the construction of the railway line. Union, North Khasi Hills District, in a statement sent to reporters, asked the DC of Ri Bhoi District how the people of one village can take a decision. of the people of the Khasi Jaintia People.
“He said that Vi Priority members will be able to enjoy exclusive benefits including 24×7 access to premium call centres, where they You can get these services from senior staff, you don't have to wait long at the Vi Stores, the bill payment method is convenient which can be done through the Vi App, and you can get birthday greetings and special occasion greetings, as well as premium on-boarding.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
The same thing happened in the fifth phase of the project where the contractor left the job.
When asked by Rupang whether there is any record within the department that there is no apology from the Hima Mylliem, Grace said that it may be a mistake. “There is no record to show that the Hima Mylliem has removed the writing,” said Grace.
Indeed, when there is an incident, especially the death or loss of violence, the violence, it touches the souls of those who are physically, friendly, loving, and also anyone else. a national group or community.
Speaking to media, Dr Mukul Sangma said that once the court and officers are separated; the purpose being that civil justice could expedite case proceedings.
The Standards Clubs are one of the main sources of consumer education not only in the country but also abroad.
He said it was difficult to shoot in Mumbai, but at the same time he expressed his happiness that he was able to shoot the parts of the film in Mumbai as he wanted to shoot in many places. Marine Drive is one of the locations where many Hindi films have been shot.
Ricky Shullai is the brother-in-law of BJP MLA from South Shillong constituency, Sanbor Shullai.
The Uniform Civil Code is not introduced by the BJP, but is included in the Constitution of India under Article 44 of the Constitution.
In a short meeting held at the Parking Lot of the Addl.Secretariat, the leaders of these two organizations gave 10 days to the government to submit a report on the shooting death of the two. in Mookhep during the coal strike.
During the visit, the CEM has spent T.50,648 for the airfare and on the same dates, the EM of Finance, Bah Neil Antonio War has spent T.65,880 for the airfare. For these three reasons, the RTI has shown that the CEM has left for Delhi since the 26th. 15th November, 2015 to 30th November, 2015, then from 15th November, 2015 to 18th November, 2015 and once again from 17th October, 2016 to The CEM has spent T.1,93,427 while the EM Finance has spent T.2,56,212 on airfare and T.69,7 TA/DA until 30th June,
Shillong: The highest temperature in Garo Hills and Ri Bhoi District today was between 34 degrees Celsius and 39 degrees Celsius.
Shillong, Lber 29: The body of former Union Minister, Bah Paty Ripple Kyndiah, was buried today after a memorial service was held at St. Anthony's School ground, Laitumkhrah before being taken to the hill. All Saints' Cathedral.
In the second match, Iongkaluh SCSC and Iongkaluh Wahsder SC drew 1-1
Perhaps for the Prime Minister, the BJP and the RSS, Manipur is part of India,” Gandhi said.
To obtain detailed information, accurate information or data should be collected to determine the exact number of villages within the various Block.
In the men's category, Nangiapyrshang beat Alpha 5 24-23 points, while Tyllilang Basketball Academy beat Iaineh 55-43 points.
Also present on the occasion were the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Chairman of KHADC Bah Lamphrang Blah, Deputy CEM PN Syiem, Executive Member Fantin J Lakadong, MDCs, Principal of JJM Nichols Roy College Rev Dr RGM Sohkhia, Church Leaders of God, Chairman of JJM Nichols Roy Memorial Committee Bah Ransom Sutnga, teachers, students and others.
The Meghalaya Pradesh Trinamool Congress (MPC) Mawkyrwat Block on November 19 held a public meeting at Shngimawlein village in South West Khasi Hills District. .
On the other hand, the leaders of the party, when they heard about these problems of these people of the area, they were deeply saddened to learn of the insults of their fellow citizens. He promised to provide assistance to them, but urged the residents to cooperate with the organization in order to fight against these problems.
This lack of appreciation for what we have makes us afraid.
Shillong includes the Kynti and Raid Hills.
Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi has appointed a State Reorganization Commission to examine the demand for a new state.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 47480 out of which 42001 have recovered and 814 have died.
The NPP leaders said that the total number of development projects that the Mawhati MLA has brought has reached hundreds of crores and is much higher than the previous leaders. when they tried to work well for Mawhati.
The government has spent up to Rs 14 crore on festivals without any results.
He said to the families of these policemen that India is still progressing in all fields today, the basis of this is the dedication of the policemen and the country will never forget their contribution. .
“We too are a party that puts God first and we have not come here to mislead the people but to ask them to give their support and allow the NPP. The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the victory in the Shillong seat will strengthen the NPP. Steps have been taken to search for the robbers involved in the robbery which led to the death of a day laborer in Mawlai Mawroh area on Tuesday.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Friday urged the state government to take into account the number of refugees from Manipur who have fled to Meghalaya due to the outbreak of violence. which also led to bloodshed in Manipur.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The President of FKJGP, Mawthadraishan Circle, Bah HB Wahlang, formerly known as Bah Don Wahlang, today announced that he has resigned from his post. in which he announced that he had left the matter to the kid aw who could not avoid it.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titos W Chyne, on Tuesday said that the Council itself does not accept the decision of the Cabinet on the amendment of the 6th Schedule. Village Council.
This happened at the same time that the Khasi Students Union (KSU) held a rally in the morning to protest against the Citizenship (Amendment) Rule,
He added: “I was one of the ones being offered to be with them (just not falling in love).
No weapon is allowed to cause personal injury to property, personal or government property.
The IASLIC Special Award was also presented to T.Padmavathi, Pr.
Of the 4,077 deaths, Maharashtra (960) and Karnataka (349) have died.
The new cases include EKH: 72, RBD: 9, SWKH: 2, WGH: 1, WJH: 15 and WKH:
Under the Chief Minister's Elevate programme, the Government has provided support ranging from 30% to 75% for projects initiated by various entrepreneurs, Self-help Groups and other groups.
He said that according to neighbours, the robbers came in a Scooty to steal the Auto Rickshaw and fortunately there was no damage to the Auto Rickshaw. They left the Auto Rickshaw on the road without being able to steal it.
Shillong: The Government has sought an explanation from the Executive Engineer of the Building Department, Bah Ransom Sutnga on the allegation that he violated the Meghalaya Service Conduct Rules. of November 4, 2019.
The 1st Meghalaya Open Carrom Board Championship 2023 was organized by the Jaiaw Laitdom Dorbar Club and was held at the Jaiaw Laitdom Dorbar Hall, Lumbatemon.
Shillong: Shops of foreigners were closed in Iewduh and parts of Motphran today ahead of the public meeting of the Khasi Students Union (KSU).
Speaking to media, HYC President Bah Roykupar Synrem said that this inspection was conducted after receiving many complaints regarding the increase in drug trafficking. and illegal residents including Rohingya refugees in the area belonging to the Shillong Cantonment Board near the Fire Service.
The Shnong has closed down this parking lot because the NHAI has not yet opened this parking lot, but it has been left without any inspectors.
The dorbar also hopes for the recovery of the refugee who is currently undergoing treatment.
Asimom scored two more goals in the second half in the 51st and 72nd minutes to secure the victory.
On the opening day, Nongkynbah A played against Mawkhyrwang B where Nongkynbah A won by 2 sets against Mawkhyrwang B. After these two teams, Nongkynbah A played against Mawkhyrwang B. Sarin B against Jerlang, in which Sarin won by 2 sets against Jerlang.
The arrival of these robbers was not only to loot but also to kidnap the villagers and demand money from them.
He said that 50% of the allocation has already been released for this year's special assistance of which T.45 crore, T.20.47 crore have been allocated for the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), T. T.18.20 crore for the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) and T.6.82 crore for the JHADC.
She also recalled that the State Government in the past months has met with the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi and submitted a petition on issues related to the State including the introduction of the Khasi Language. and Garo in Article 8 of the Constitution.
Many of its members are still members and continue to serve the village, said Bah CB Syiem.
On the other hand, the HITO today at the meeting brought a coffin as a sign of the death of the Khadar rule in the state.
There have also been cases where the documents have been destroyed by those employees who are responsible for the NRC. The NRC has already directed those who have not been registered to appeal and obtain application forms for registration in the NRC by providing documents to prove their citizenship. on 3/24/1971.
On this occasion, the students also exhibited and sold their Arts and Crafts to showcase their talents besides education and also the preparation of various foods (Food Fest). ).
Immediately after finding out that it was a counterfeit money, Bah Muktieh lodged a complaint with the SBI main branch, which sent him to speak to the Mawlai Branch, the branch where he has an account. number.
Taking part in the discussion, Martle N Mukhim said that the nation has entered India with the promises that the country will remain as it is.
Development works that should come to the constituencies are already available through the Special Rural Work Program (SRWP) for rural constituencies and the Special Urban Work Program (SUWP) for urban constituencies. .
When the distributors came, they gave the meat to those who sat on the ground.
On the occasion, the Minister said that after giving a detailed explanation through the presentation, almost all the political parties have expressed their satisfaction with the roster.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The Acting Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Phudmuri, Shillong, together with others, have lodged a complaint with the police that on the 18th of this month at 10 pm, the Executive Members of Mawlai Phudmuri, Shillong, together with the Seng. Three drug dealers identified as Bobby Lyngdoh, Jefferson Massar and Mel Lyngdoh Nongpiur from the same village have been arrested and taken to the community. Hall but these people who were arrested turned against the members of the Dorbar Shnong.
Replying to a question raised by Bah Paul Lyngdoh in the Legislative Assembly, Bah Hek said that the money has been sent to the government for the payment of salaries of these employees. of April 2014 to June April,
Speaking of films, Deepika will also be seen in Project K, Fighter and will also star with Ajay Devgn in Singham
Shillong: The State Police have appealed to the public to report any false news related to the COVID-19 pandemic on social media or any other source of information. They also informed the public that they should verify the facts before posting any news on social media, so that it will not mislead the public.
“Why are you trying to start politics from this?
Health officials rushed to the stadium to remove Giovanni Lo Celso, Cristian Romero and Emiliano Martinez.
It contains minerals, such as zinc, manganese, phosphorus, magnesium as well as selenium and sodium.
Two persons including S Phawa and D Siangshai were killed in the shooting incident at Mookhep on 24th November 2014 during a protest by MIPRL against the ban on coal mining. NGT is the state of Meghalaya.
The visit was aimed at improving the quality of health care in the state and also to ensure that the lives of the residents will be prolonged by the availability of health centers that can provide protection. , adequate maternity facilities and vaccination facilities, which will reduce maternal and infant mortality.
The KHNAM has continued to criticize the Government for the implementation of the Roster System using figures since
Effigy : means effigy is a kind of object made or created only to be finished and associated with people or objects.
This is not the first time that the people have been able to clear the road with their own hands.
Jowai, June 24: Hundreds of women, including the Seng Longkmie Byndihati and surrounding villages, today protested against the coal mining weighbridge at Byndihati. which is operated by the Transport Department of the State Government in accordance with the directive of the National Green Tribunal recently.
Din Lamin, Rangbah Shnong of Umkiang, East Jaintia Hills District for 40 years from 1998 to 2008 and contested the MDC election in and 2009 in which he lost both.
According to the rules, age verification is required for pension assistance or for school children, so if the information is incorrect it makes it difficult for people to verify themselves and correct without the necessary documents. fine.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) together with the office bearers of the Border Welfare Committee, today visited the Mawbynna and the signboard 'Welcome to Meghalaya' Cannabis, We're Afraid.
From the rural areas, the majority of doctors are about 59% percent and most of them about 31% are still in Class 12th and cannot get a Full Medical Degree to provide full service to the people.
The Umpung Area Unit of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today inspected the MG Snaitang Lower Primary School located in Mawshaliah village. The school has misused the funds allocated for the construction of the new school building which amounted to T.6,67,5
Speaking on the occasion, the leaders of Nongpoh, expressed their gratitude to all the Longkmie in Mawlong, for being the Longkmie who are organized in their work for the good. They also said that the example shown by the Longkmie of Mawlong Village will also be an example for other Longkmie living in different villages.
At present, 66 people are in government residences and 93 people are in private residences.
If Rev G Angel Jones had felt that there were two ethnic groups in the Bri u Hynniewtrep, he would not have composed that song Kynmaw Trai ia Ri Khasi but it would have been like Wei Pat.
Dr. Dkhar has been replaced by Dr. LL Sawian since 5th November 2013 and she is still in charge.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that in the past few months, the country has achieved two major victories in sports.
However, during the inspection of the centre, it was found that the centre, which is a place for the education of children, has been destroyed, the doors are gone and inside the room there is nothing. dap tang that garbage suda.
“If the Assam government does something, the Meghalaya government will listen,” he said.
No one can argue with this.
In a statement, the President of the Meghalaya Bar Association, S Chakravarty, Senior Advocate and Secretary General, Kong NG Shylla, Advocate, said that the Union strongly condemns this threat. two leading State counsel.
He also criticized the government for criticizing the BJP government in Delhi.
If I don't send my brother to school, I'll be sorry because I promised in front of my brother and sister.
“The increase in the use of alcoholic beverages such as alcohol, child marriage and others which destroy the society and may be due to the large number of children where adequate education can no longer be provided”.
Acknowledging that there are shortcomings in the policy, he gave an example that if 12 employees are required to be appointed, but only because it takes 2 or 3 years, it means that the department lacks employees for 2 or 3 years. .
Aradonga Police Station this evening continued their search operation to Nonghawei area and at that time the robbers saw the vehicle of the police and started running away with the police. They also chased away the robbers and in this incident the police managed to rescue the teacher.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Prestong said the early announcement of the names of the candidates is so that they can work and prepare better for the upcoming elections.
Those who made them are like them” Psalm 115:3-7
He said that due to the lack of space, only the leading leaders of the party were sent to take part and only about 200 people were sent.
Don’t store frozen foods for too long or store them carefully taking care not to spoil.
Both these villages besides Dawki are located near the Umngot River.
Kiljang Sangma joined the GNLA in 2011 and served as the GNLA's Chokpot Area Commander before becoming the Williamnagar Area Commander, police said.
For example, such people can be called Riewkhraw but not Nongkhraw, Riewniam cannot be called Nongniam, Riewspah cannot be called Nongspah and so on.
He said this decision was taken after receiving complaints from churches and people especially those who go to wedding houses across the state and especially in Khasi and Jaintia.
The nine issues demanded by the Save Hynniewtrep Mission include the implementation of the Inner Line Permit, the inclusion of the Khasi language in Article 8 of the Constitution of India. , to revise the MOU signed on the border between Meghalaya and Assam in the first phase, to relocate all government employees and to immediately expel the Khar mator from Iewmawlong, to resolve new and improve the recruitment policy in the state, to investigate by the CBI or the High Court all corruption cases in the state, to investigate by the CBI, trial by the High Court to prosecute and punish the police who shoot (L) Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, to immediately appoint all vacancies in Meghalaya and to repeal the Khali Casino Act immediately.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Vincent Nianglang DMC, RI-Bhoi District, congratulated the Bharti Foundation team for taking the initiative and the desire to continue to improve education in Ri-Bhoi District. Proper education is essential in this age when everyone is struggling to get knowledge.
It was after this that the government, after a meeting with the village leaders led by the MLA of the area Bah Mohendro Rapsang, has agreed to find a place elsewhere and choose a place where there is a quarter of the Shillong Municipal Board.
Only from these rules will such a place have to be located in the North and North West of Shillong.
He slammed Congress leaders who are afraid to contest elections because they have been involved in corruption like PV Chidambaram, AC Anthony, CP Joshi, GC Vasant and others.
Jesus did not perform miracles to glorify Himself or to intimidate and force people to believe and follow Him. Jesus went out to preach the gospel and the people followed Him. Jesus also understood this and was afraid that the people would misunderstand that He was just one of the magicians.
Those who are supposed to distribute foodgrains to the people, to distribute them to each household, according to Section 24 of the National Food Security Act,
“Billions of rupees have been spent by the incumbent President for his work and personal travel, from his residences.
According to the website, Prof. RC Laloo (Jowai) in 2008 has more than T.75,000 while in 2013, HDR Lyngdoh (Sohiong) has more than T.1 crore. Prestone Tynsong (Pynursla) in 2008 has T.41 lakh and in 2013 he has T.4 crore. Roshan Warjri (North Shillong) in 2013 earned T.19 crore, Ronnie V Lyngdoh (Mylliem) earned T.27 lakh in 2008 and T.48 lakh in .
According to a statement from the General Secretary, Samla Shemphang Tyrsa, the HYC has now deployed volunteers to patrol along the Maweit Road, to arrest anyone found smuggling cattle from the area.
“According to the belief of the children of Raij Mukhla, the goddess Synhen, Blai um Blai Wah, told their ancestors that she lived there and they should thank her with a sacrifice. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said W.Lyngdoh, Langdoh of Raij Mukhla.
Corinth is the father of Titus Bamon, Head of Khimusniang Village Council, Jowai.
Jitendra Dkhar, Director of the Blind Lead Trust, said that according to the 2011 census, there are 13,532 visually impaired people in the state.
“The parties have been requested to resolve the matter by June, so that the transfer if nothing else, can be completed, which may take another 2 or 3 months," the Divisional Court said. The bench was headed by Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee.
Furthermore, the DC's concern regarding the construction of electricity in Umwali village is also because there will be a big service in Umwali village in October this year and later. HYC, HANM, WKSU and WYF have urged the DC to resolve the issue as soon as possible.
The same can happen to coal mining,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
When tested, it was found to be a drug weighing 71.476 kilos.
On these Soo Sngi Le Iaw, the children of Niamtre will dance and rejoice with the ksing, dhah, bhuri and bikur along with the rituals to honor the Lord the Creator.
“From the villagers, the chiefs, to the intellectuals, we must unite together to gain strength to strengthen and consolidate our identity on this land,” he said. I joined the KSU and until now I see that those who come out and stand up are those who come from low income families and households who are not children of poor but whose income is high. but they fought, defended, and died for this nation.
At the same time, he urged the faithful to honor their parents who are still alive because when their parents have passed away, it will no longer be possible to show them that honor. .
He was tried and the court gave the police five days to investigate.
Shillong, Nailar 14: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Tuesday said that it wants to talk to the government if it takes seriously the issue.
The woman also threatened to stay on hunger strike until she dies while the government has not been able to build the road.
“Ko Bynriew Me La Ïohi” was his first book published in 2005 and the books he wrote were written by himself and his team in search of places he knew. tell and write as much as you can.
In the upcoming MP elections, if the BJP does not look carefully at these issues – like the Indian government and in the states, the victory could go to others.
Conrad said the integration of the North Eastern Region of India into East Asian and South East Asian countries is one of the priorities of the Government.
She had to leave and forced her husband to go with her to Sweden, but Mahanandia was still studying, but she sent him to promise. that he would go back to Boras, Sweden, to live with her as a husband.
Leaders of Seinraij Tuber immediately held an emergency meeting and decided to lodge a complaint at Ladrymbai Police Out Post and demanded the immediate arrest of the speaker.
Therefore, let us not look for other reasons or roots of evil, but as Longing Longsem or parents let us try to teach our children Kti in our own Rympei. , because it is only in Rympei that we can protect our human rights or our dignity from many kinds of evil deeds in society.
For the team, Sharaisuk Marpna scored the most runs with 26 runs without losing a wicket until the end of the match.
The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA)-II Government on Tuesday approved the cancellation of two power projects, the Kynshi Stage-I and the Upper Khri Stage I & II after being found to be no longer appropriate in terms of expenditure.
Ma Thombor also explained that the State Government has been supporting the plans and objectives of the council to find ways and means to raise funds.
We tried our best to attend the festival, but we are afraid we have to cancel the show," the Instagram post read.
“.......
Shillong, November 12: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) is ready to collect the largest amount of waste from its camp at Porkut village in Nongjri area of ​​South West Khasi Hills district.
He said that many of us don't have the ability to fulfill the dreams of the youth, whether it is the politicians, the society we don't have the ability to support the youth,” he said. old.
KSU South Khasi Hills today met with the Minister in charge of Higher and Technical Education , Roshan Warjri , on the issue of the college A letter was signed by the President, Bah M.Bynnud and the Secretary, Bah R.Thiang.
In West Khasi Hills, there are 24 cases, including 3 cases from Health Workers, 4 cases from High Risk Contact, 4 cases from Nongkhla Cluster and 4 cases from Nongkyna Cluster.
This is the first time that the BJP in Meghalaya has elected a President from Garo Hills through Rikman G Momin.
The president of KSU Ichamati has also been involved in these Dkhars who are suspected to be foreigners, who want to illegally infiltrate the area.
“It has been observed that even if continued terrorist acts of violence do not affect their support in terms of escalating violence, it has increased the number of terrorists in many conflict zones and conflict zones of insurgents on the Line of Control (LoC) with India.
Speaking to reporters after they left the DC's room, Jiedstarland Lyngkhoi, President of FKJGP Rambrai Circle, said that on their request for clarification, the DC said that he has not yet received any information. There is no information about this purpose.
Isha was married to Anand Parimal.
In West Jaintia Hills, 72 cases were reported from Dongmihsngi Cluster 4, Health Worker 2, High Risk Contact 27, Jarain Cluster 5, Lamin Cluster 3, Mihmyntdu Cluster 5, Nongdhar Cluster 3, Screening Purpose
The protest occurred when police drove away a crowd who had gathered at the Chokpot Stadium to talk about the death of Witson Sangma in police custody.
Of these, 22 are from Beijing alone, the National Health Commission said.
Pig farmers should take precautionary measures to prevent the spread of the disease from wild pigs, dead animals and stray pigs.
According to the report from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Meghalaya, many of the poor mothers died because they were not taken to hospital or due to the lack of maternity facilities,” said the AITC, Meghalaya.
In Pynthorbah, the Deputy Commissioner has declared all the roads leading to Saint Nanak School in Pynthorbah as a containment area.
We, the children and grandchildren, many of whom have children, have no peace from the time we came into this world until we left this world.
At the same time, the Government should understand and listen to the voice of the people in Bri u Hynniewtrep,” he said.
“We see that the installation of these meters without public consultation will affect and there will be problems for the people because many of the villagers are illiterate especially if the bill of these smart meters on mobile phones,” said Bah Lipon.
The KSU has alleged that this foreigner has often committed such acts against the women and children working in the area and taken advantage of their poverty.
He said that witnesses and evidence are available on which the law enforcement agencies have used the basis to identify those involved in the riots on that day.
But the reason is that the authority which Jesus said has not yet ended, "That the Jews shall not worship on this mountain, nor in Jerusalem. Israel to build the Temple, because God had spoken and that must happen, until the time came for God to allow the Jews.
He said that there are sher dara houses around the area which shows that these houses are the residents of the illegal coal miners in the area.
“You will not be surprised that we have already announced Bah Medal Sing Lyngdoh as the party candidate from Mawkyrwat.
Kickboxing is a sport recognized by the International Olympic Committee.
Furthermore, no coal mining should be allowed to discharge soil and other waste into the river.
The All Jaintia Cricket Association (AJCA) has donated oxygen concentrators to the Maternal and Child Health Hospital, Panaliar, Jowai which has been converted into a COVID-19 hospital on Monday.
He said that the collapse of the bridge is due to the stinginess of the department which is implementing the bridge and that is the Soil and Water Conservation Department of the state government.
Speaking to reporters, he said that he left the BJP because he saw that the people of the state have not yet accepted the BJP party especially as it is a state with many residents. day that Christian.
There are about 70 people who come to worship the Umkhrah River alone, said CPC President Naba Bhattercharjee.
In Shella, East Khasi Hills, he has collected money as tax but has not paid it back to the central government.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Government under the leadership of the Principal Secretary, Prestone Tyngsong today held a meeting with the State Animal Welfare Board on the issue of poaching. to the animals.
Bhalang and Kni sat further away.
That is just to rebuild the third Temple in Jerusalem which is the Jewish Temple because the Jews have not had a Temple for about 1948 years now since 70 AD. The time has come for them to have a Temple.
Seven teams, including Sokha Government Higher School, Jowai and two teams from Bharat Scouts and Guides participated in the Quiz Competition. .
The meeting said that the cleanliness is destroying the society in many ways and it opens the door to theft, fraud, murder and so on. to the activities of drunkenness, prostitution and other activities of violence against the village and the destruction of husband and wife among others.
There are only 3 teachers in Upper Primary and 3 teachers in LP and it has been difficult to teach and it has been very difficult for teachers to take classes, due to the shortage of teachers.
In the incident, some witnesses saw a child who was thrown from the top floor just to rescue him from the fire.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, Shillong has announced the closure of Manoj Hardware Store near Sohra Bus Stand, Mawlonghat. corona virus disease.
It is learned that while the man was trying to throw the khwai into the pond, but somehow, the ryngwiang of the man went into the electrical sign, which is located in the pond. He was also thrown into the fire and at that time another person who was nearby was seriously injured when he went to touch the man.
Dih shuwa to you sha.
He said that this is not the first time that Khasi have been shot dead and he recalled that there was a loss of life in 2010 in Langpih and now such an incident has happened again.
Another complaint of the Seng Samla is that the Syiem has donated to the churches with the money of the Hima.
We have called the PHE department to take action to ensure the safety of water inside the house.
I believe that as skilled employees of the Government, to lose the soul of a mother or a child is unacceptable,” he said.
They are also in places where the water stays long.
Ephesians 2:2.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Charles Marngar, expressed his gratitude to the leaders of DNNT CE, who have celebrated the 25th Anniversary, which is also a special memory for the District Namsha. Nongtaring Thaiang, which has been traveling in these years, for the purpose of preaching the Word of God.
It is after such people have experienced the newness of life that they understand the responsibility of dignity and morality and wait for the help of God who empowers them to live a righteous life through spirituality. , the kind hands of fellow human beings and the government.
The arrested were identified as Don Saphoh, Rishi Gatphoh, Iaineh Muruh and Riki Suting.
“The Dorbar Shnong has tried to talk to the relevant authorities on this,” he said.
On this day, 41 children aged 12 to 14 years have received the CORBEVAX injection, in the first dose to protect against covid-1
The chief guest on the occasion, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, praised the work of the MCAB which has been able to provide services to the people from day to day.
He said that the establishment of this car dealership is not only for the purpose of earning money for his family, but has served to provide employment opportunities to the youth and has also contributed to the government. through taxes paid to the government.
From 1994 to 2000 he served as Parish Priest of St. Paul's Church, Upper Shillong and as Principal of St. Gabriel's Higher Secondary School. From 2001 to 2005 he served as Mission Procurator, Shillong Archdiocese. .
Rida slept and covered herself with a blanket.
The purpose of TULBA to do these charity deeds is to make people aware that just as others have the opportunity to celebrate Christmas, so this group encourages its members to do something in such a way. a time for poor families.
“The Bill we have drafted is sufficient, we will send the same Bill but we will also send a letter to reply and clarify what the government wants clarification,” said Bah KP Pangniang. reporter in your office.
The Kopati Puja was completed with the Pomblang ceremony inside the K'law Blei (Khlow Blai) which has a sacrificial altar in the middle of the village. , Pator, 7 Rangbah Kur and Raij who took part in this Kopati and various youths, and after that Soh-Blei went to thank the flower of God at the Um- River. After returning, there was another Niam Tynrai dance by the Niamtre children at Sein Raij Chrah Umphula Square in all the villages and townships of Raliang Village, Laskein, Nongkynrih, from various Raijs to enrich this festival.
The Bill was introduced in the Rajya Sabha last year as a Private Member's Bill, and according to reports, the BJP will introduce the Bill again in the Rajya Sabha. The meeting of Parliament will be held soon.
The cause of her illness was Covid-1
The Assam government has crossed the border with the Khasi farming villages in the Raid Nongtung by bringing in development works to persuade the residents of Meghalaya who live on the border to join the Khasi farming and settlement villages. the Government of Assam.
“Unfounded allegations can be made at any time but remember to give the facts so that the law can take the necessary action whether it is the Prime Minister or the Symbud Prime Minister or anyone else.
Not only the political parties are fighting, but the most exciting election campaign is in the villages, townships, markets but until the fire, where each other, each other has been fighting. the candidate, the party they support and so on.
More than 500 places of worship were destroyed.
Under the NRLM programme, 4 lakh women have been implemented, 42,000 groups have completed their forms under the leadership of the NPP government and it has set a priority target for women. farmer, said Conrad.
The party also alleged that during the election campaign, he appealed to the people to support him so that he could help them when he wins.
The meeting was held on the 10th of this month at the Community Centre, NEHU, Shillong Campus.
He said that some media outlets have shaped the RSS to intimidate the people.
George said that he believes that politics is a sacred calling to fulfill the wishes and aspirations of the people of the state.
Meanwhile, the CAAP did not specify on what day or when it received the threat.
If you count the cost of transporting food from the forest or fields, the cost of transportation is very low.
Now let us ask again, what is the duty of the Longkmie, the Longkha and the Longkni, the Longkpa.
This is an extremely sensitive matter," he said.
Lawai, who is from Mawryngkneng, played for Ryntih SC in the Shillong Premier League last year.
The second semi final will be between Wahiajer and Nangbah Iawmusiang.
In the 67 kg category, Raksil N Sangma from West Garo Hills scored 142 points and won the gold medal while from South-West Khasi Hills, only one won the gold medal. .
He was arrested many times and cheated dozens of people and earned tens of lakhs of rupees from around the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
Sangma spoke about the law-and-order situation in the state under the MDA 2.0 government, referring to the riots in Tura and the immediate statement of the officials.
The Parish of Sohra celebrates the feast of this great saint of the Church in the last month of January every year.
The top teams including the second place teams will qualify for the I-League.
Heroin weighing 1 kilo while 100 rounds of more than 20,000 rounds of ammunition, along with a pistol loaded with bullets, were seized and arrested from these three persons.
He congratulated Dr Mukul Sangma for making Mawkyrwat a district in
She said that ASHA workers do not fall under the supervision of the government but under the supervision of the Village Health Councils (VHCs).
He said that Meghalaya is a state close to the Golden Triangle, and this beverage enters Meghalaya from neighboring Myanmar through Manipur and other neighboring states.
The Dulir-juban-tyrwa is a draft of the political parties with a view to the upcoming elections and will be published and disseminated to the public.
The College was inaugurated by the Minister of Education, Rakkam Sangma, who was the Chief Guest in the presence of the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma.
The children of their father shall be fathers to all their father's brothers, by calling their father's brothers pasan and their father's brothers children.
He said that the government needs the people as the people need the government.
The Community Health Park has been constructed by the Dorbar Shnong Lawsohtun as part of the efforts to provide opportunities for the residents of Lawsohtun.
The awards were presented by Chibor Najiar, Superintendent.
Our state Meghalaya is a Christian state.
The channel was launched at the Synod Office, Jowai on Tuesday.
He recalled the country's adoption of new economic policies and measures under the leadership of PV Narasimha Rao at a time when the country was in the midst of economic crisis.
Shillong, Naitung 2: On the 19th of July, the Enforcement Police (KHADC) have left for Laban area to close down foreign shops without licenses. During the closure of shops, they also closed down a shop which according to the records of KHADC belongs to Mukta Ali, but there was a shop of Mukta Ali. The shopkeeper admitted that the shop belonged to her and admitted that she is a Khasi. The woman was identified as Prodipta Khongwir.
Unfortunately, especially when such problems exist and spread well in our state, besides that we have already declined in all aspects compared to other states, we still want to destroy the image of our state. .
The authorities said that the shortage of food supply has caused great concern to the government especially after the damage to many crops due to the sudden rain and cold in the past season. it is the one in the months that have passed.
In an affidavit submitted on 27th July, the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, said that he has issued closure notices to all 57 Coke factories and has lodged a complaint in Shallang. Police Station.
For example, the issue we are discussing today is the intention and efforts of countries in the world to reduce weapons of war and how to reshape income, economy and trade.
The office bearers of the Kur Lyngkhoi SengKmie for the term 2023-2025 were also confirmed and the office bearers were sworn in by Tbn Tyran Lyngkhoi Adviser of the Kur Lyngkhoi SengKmie.
I would like to ask you not to do politics for the sake of your own interests or for the benefit of the party.
The Hynniewtrep National People's Federation (HNPF) on the 22nd of this month led by Newoneborn Suchiang President, Andrewlewis Chen General Secretary and several members of the HNPF, as a sign of celebrating Christmas. donated food and blankets to the NEIMA orphanage, Sahsniang, West Jaintia Hills.
He said that the Chairman's seat cannot remain the same if there is no change.
The Khasi leaders have failed and the time has come not to allow these old ones.
However, Nagaland, who lost to Mizoram in the semi-final, scored the second goal through Thulunso in the 51st minute.
The government is thinking only of its own income while the people are being sent to stay...people who work day labor will get food if they stay at home, if they go to work they can provide for themselves at home if you don't go all the way, you'll die.
When asked whether he will dismiss those involved, Kishan said, “They are still in the hands of the police and we will take the necessary action”.
There are also other agricultural products but they are sold only during the season and not all year round.
Both of them are strong Christians. One is a Presbyterian and the other is a Catholic. Who will win? The Americans will decide.
In fact, the Forest Department has deployed its personnel and police to monitor the movement of the wild elephants but it is not known how they did not find any information. village and committed this crime of damage and murder.
Shillong, Nailar 11: The Working President of KHNAM, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on Tuesday said that the resignation of Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, MDC from the KHNAM party is not for any reason. “The escape of Bah Latip is a plan that doesn't exist, but he is just waiting for the time to get a reason,” said Bah Latip. Adelbert Nongrum in an interview with Rupang.
Sounder Cajee said that if the TMC comes to power, they will investigate the corruption cases committed by the MDA government in the past three years, the murder of Cheris Thangkhiew, coal, and many others which this Government has caused suffering to the people of Meghalaya.
Although he has not announced that he will join the AAP, it is understood that he will soon join the party which has formed the government in Delhi as he has already announced that he is one of the AAP. supporters of the party.
Pynshngain today expelled from the NPP for anti-party activities in which he went to support the Congress-led opposition which led the Executive Committee led by Teinwel Dkhar to collapse. Now.
The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government has approved to increase the salary of teachers in 710 Pre-Primary Schools in the State from T.12,000 per month to T.18,0 ten months.
“When you expelled us from the party and you suspended any member of the party, you opened the door to expel us,” she said.
Another incident occurred on the NH-6 in Nongthymmai, where a bike number ML-05H-2864 collided with an unidentified vehicle. The vehicle which collided with the bike fled the scene immediately after the collision.
SpaceX's aim is to provide internet access to 5 percent of the world's population in areas where the internet is not yet available.
According to the master plan, the area of ​​Shillong is 10.36 sq km which covers from Laitkor to Hynniewmer to Nongpyur to Nongthliew to Mawtawar.
Private employers in Meghalaya are the operators of small or medium-sized factories, such as garments, jam manufacturing, as well as contractors who build houses, roads and bridges.
The Nongkynshew Pisa of the Branch has expressed its deep sorrow after learning that Bah P.Rani has been transferred from the Branch to another branch. Branches of the same Bank in other villages in Meghalaya.
At the same time, the union also questions the relevant authorities and the Police Department how the criminals are able to transport their cows by trucks through the Amlarem-Muktapur road. On this issue, the union suspects that there is something behind the scenes that has caused the authorities to become confused.
Nongstoiñ, Lber, 26: “The Khasi Pnar people are very unique, because the children take the jait from the mother and when they share the jobs and inheritance of land “Almost all the residents of Khasi and Jaintia Hills are more interested in their daughters, although there are some Kurs who give their share to their sons,” said Bah Dmikstar. Lyngdoh, Secretary of the Nonglynkien Lyngdoh Kur.
The Seng has demanded that the Government should appoint a Peon to be Chowkidar in all schools and implement the new Assured Career Progression Scheme for the benefit of the employees. the Government has been suspended.
After careful consideration, many of the party members have decided to re-elect Bah Titosstarwell this time and will work hard to win again.
JOWAI: The first snowfall of the year has hit several villages on the Meghalaya-Assam-Bangladesh border in Jaintia Hills.
In the first half, Umranniangbyrnai FC took the lead by scoring the first goal and the score lasted until the end of the first half.
Shillong: The President of the MJACCV, Bah Wandonbok Jyrwa, on Tuesday said that the strike will continue until Saturday and if the government does not take action, the MJACCV will strike. intensify the protest from the first day of next year.
He also urged the UDP leaders in various circles and districts to continue to work hard for these five years and not to rest just because the elections are over. “Many comments come and go but we should not listen and we should not listen to the news that wants to destroy but we should investigate and find out the truth,” urged Bah Mayralborn.
Dr. Mawlong said that through the Health Department at Mawphlang, he was able to register himself until he received the Award in 2011 from the hands of the former President of India. , and Dr. A.P.J.Kalam.
He said that when the union sought information on the problems that have arisen in the villages of the area regarding the implementation of government schemes, it found that the reason is that many village leaders do not Therefore, in order to overcome all these problems and at the same time, to deliver more development schemes to those villages which are lagging behind, through In collaboration with the BDO's office and the Rangbah Shnong, the union urges the government to bring back the C&RD Block within Mawhati Constituency. from various Dorbar Shnongs and will also meet with the Minister in charge of C&RD Block, he added.
The Agreement was signed by the NPP-led Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government and the Assam Government.
Shillong, July 3: U Dr Mukul Sangma has promised to increase the salaries of Adhoc School teachers during a meeting with him today.
Do you agree with this ? If Hooid , why ? and what is the reason, think for yourselves, you readers.
PFR FA beat Sohryngkham SC 12-0 and will play against Mawlai SC who beat Mawkriah West SC 3-0 in the quarter final.
According to the President of the BJP, if the Council is formed, politics will not disappear but will remain because those who will contest for election will be members of different parties.
“They were surprised, because it was late and there was no Kali walking or standing.
And in Moses' day it was increased to 70 or 80 years (Ps 90:10).
Saina Nehwal will now compete in the tournament to improve her performance in the singles category alongside Malvika Bansod, Aakarshi Kashyap and Ruthvika Shivani Gadde. China will face Thailand's Pornpicha Choeekeewong while Malvika will face Beiwen Zhang.
The FKJGP wants the government to set up a suitable garbage dump according to modern technology to avoid the spread of garbage elsewhere.
The union leaders said that after the search, they have sent photocopies of these documents to the DC of Kolasib District – John LT Sanga. for the remaining investigative tasks.
Bah HL Ryntathiang, Lyngdoh Hima Lyngiong, gave a brief explanation about the Law Holy of Lyngiong Hima which can be seen from the stand overlooking the Law Holy of Mawphlang Hima.
Many MLAs have been involved in private sector but we have forgotten to build the future.
Sanjeet of Services, who became the Asian Champion 2021, won 5-0 in the 86-92 kg category against Naveen Kumar of Haryana.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that 307 people have recovered from Covid-19, 99 are new cases and One mother has died of Covid-19 in the state.
What is theirs? Will they be able to work in these companies or will MeECL still keep them as employees especially those who work on casual or contract basis? If MeECL appoints them to continue working elsewhere, will it not be an overcrowding and a waste of public money? MePDCL/MeECL has been selected for the areas that generate the most revenue for MeECL if the agreement for the implementation of this Act is for 25 years, as we have received from these Foreign companies shall collect revenue from the residents of the State.
Manila (The Philippines International Jazz Festival), Kathmandu (The Jazzmandu Festival), Mexico, Singapore and Bangkok and in India they have been part of The Delhi International Jazz Festival and other events and festivals.
The deceased were identified as Paokam Kipgen of Churachandpur and Pausawndam Vaiphei of Kangvai. “I Gam Hilou Ham” died the next day.
This happened after the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, expressed his surprise that the teachers have not received their salaries for three months.
He said that besides the Civil Sub Division, Jirang Constituency has received many development works worth more than Rs 500 crore from roads, schools, health centers and others which has brought about many changes. In this area, although there are many critics, the MLA appealed to the people to unite and cooperate especially to continue the development works. It is not clear whether the people are still in need in the area.
These smart meters are also impossible to steal electricity, as they will signal to the Department if anyone tries to break the meter and steal electricity.
At the same time, the CEM said that the EC will strengthen the working methods of the Council, but has not yet discussed whether to follow suit as the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) has done. MCS officer to appoint the Secretary of the Council.
A total of 698 people have been accommodated in four temporary shelters, while there are 87 shelters for the distribution of daily necessities to the refugees.
Chairman SMC, Ma Rupaia Lamarr, gave a brief history of the school.
Kong Ïakai and the village alleged that the crime was committed by her husband Well Pasleiñ.
In the past decades, land in Meghalaya has become a valuable commodity for landowners and there have been many cases of forced conversion of land, forests and village land to private land so that they can sell it and earn money.
Whether we talk about Khasi Jaintia or Garo Hills, we don't think that many of the residents will want to see again those dark and gloomy days when there was no peace at all.
Besides, he said that the restructuring of the Administrative Elaka is to prevent the infiltration of other states especially the incident in Manipur and the spread of alcoholic beverages and crime.
How can the Court accept or recognize as a true law without the approval of the Governor of Meghalaya or the President of India? Because of the strong hostility of the MDA government led by the NPP party especially after the emergence of the VPP party which has many teachers in it, the MDA Government has issued only a Government Statement ( Official Notification) signed only by Government Officers to prohibit teachers from participating in public activities.
“He doesn't know the law and he should have asked the Advocate General for their opinion,” said Bindo. the government's opinion".
Whether it is for household reasons or for foreign reasons.
The letter sent to Modi reads 'Christians in India are angry, seeking help from those who can help' which reads 'The Memoranda have been received, we want to see the works'
In this demand, the MGNREGS, known as the daily wage, should increase the wage of the workers from 100 days to 200 days, so that the people can get wages. more days.
If you are infected, stay at home and avoid face-to-face contact with others until the symptoms disappear.
The JAC, after a meeting at Phramer on the 20th of this month, has met with the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills to request him to direct the dewbilat factories to implement the new price provided by the Central Motor Vehicles Act 1988 Section The State Government has been authorized to set the price.
Shillong, Jymmang 24 : Langsning FC and Ladthalaboh have won the Meghalaya State League (MSL) 2023 while Khliehmawlieh Youth Club and Selsella Sport Association have won on Tuesday.
I have requested the Director of NEIGRIHMS to inform me of all these incidents.
Now let us turn to our own country, India.
Meanwhile, the CEM has asked the KHNAM MDCs for the name of one of the two MDCs to be appointed as the EM but the KHNAM has not yet decided on the name. There are currently 8 independent MDCs in the KHADC, James Sylliang MDC Mawhati who holds the education department, Grace Mary Kharpuri MDC Nongshken who holds the forest department. Banteidor Lyngdoh, Chairman, LG Nongsiej, Chairman, Hadrian Lyngdoh, Market, Victor Rani, Morningstar Mawsor and Latiplang. Albinus Lyngdoh, EM MDC, has said that he will no longer be in the group of independent MDCs and will soon join the UDP. Shillong, The election of the new office bearers of the KSU Central Body for the term 2017 to 2020 will be held on the 11th June, 2017 from 8 am to 3 pm at Dinam Hall, Jaiaw-Shillong.
He also announced that the KHADC and the Hima Mylliem are looking into the land for the construction of a cold storage facility. farmer.
The introduction of the Time of Day (ToD) Tariff means that instead of being charged at the same price throughout the day, the price of electricity will vary according to the time.
The funeral service of Kong Dolma Siangshai will be held on 01/10/2021 at 1.00 pm at the Catholic Cemetery Ladrymbai.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 15: The Federation of Khasi Hills District (KJDC) on Saturday launched a branch in Nongkasen and was confirmed by the President of West Khasi Hills District, Bah Chandra Nongdkhar in the presence of the General Secretary of the District. Khasi District Bah Willis Syiem and others.
From the garbage collected there, it was identified that they were no longer the garbage that had just been broken for a day but that it had been there for months because the snow had started to fall.
Economic development should not affect the people and the environment.
Samla BL Village Headman, Sohra Hima.
On the other hand, the President of the HYC asked the government, “How can the government employees or the employees of the Shillong Municipal Board claim that the quarters of the SMB belong to them?  Does that land really belong to the government and whose land is the quarter that the SMB is building?  If they build on the land of SMB how can these people working inside it say that these quarters belong to them.
“I stand to serve regardless of political views and I think to bring about change in the constituency.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, on Tuesday said that the parties in the MDA government still have strong confidence in him. Their leader is Conrad K Sangma.
We don't want our country to be like Assam or Tripura.
In 2012, the government set up a High Level Committee comprising 13 political parties together with MLAs, led by Bah BM Lanong. In 2013, there was a strong protest to demand ILP in the state, but it is not known why the government at that time rejected the recommendation of the HLC. state where the protest lasted for six months.
This comes after the game program was announced on Sunday.
The Minister also announced that the government will impose a tax deduction at source of two per cent on those who withdraw more than T.1 crore per annum from their bank accounts.
Do we have a worldview like that of Soso Tham, who said, “Great thoughts are inside me”.
Other TMC MPs in the Rajya Sabha have also discussed the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
He said that the post of Lamphang will be elected at the dorbar synrai to be held in the first month of November.
Shillong, Naiwieng 2: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong today will meet with the leaders of four civil society organizations which have taken to the streets to demand the government to implement nine schemes. die in the Save Hynniewtrep Mission.
The Club also urges the donors not to miss out on this opportunity.
There are many men who have become rich from their families but their brothers and sisters don't think about helping them in times of illness and suffering.
The deceased was identified as Kennedy Sangma, also known as Hebel, the leader of the Eagle Hunter at 7:30 pm.
He said that in Manipur, the government has thought to introduce this subject at the Manipur University.
The budget, announced by the government this week, indicates that the money will be distributed next year and that the payment will be made monthly, while and thou shalt bear the weight of the child, when he shall be a hundred years old.
“If the party authorities allow me to lead as the prime ministerial candidate, I am ready to accept.
Nongpoh, July 22: Although the construction of the Entry Point at Umling which is also the demand of many political parties in the state has succeeded in checking and preventing foreigners from entering the state, it was inaugurated in Umling, as the Sengbhalang in the state has also demanded from the government to implement the Inner Line Permit to prevent foreigners from entering the state illegally, but the checkpoint has been temporary. Since the end of the Covid-19 pandemic, the Entry Point used to check the authorities entering the state has been closed down.
After this, she will celebrate Christmas with children from various orphanages, village officials from Khasi and Jaintia Hills, leaders from various groups and intellectuals of the state at Windermere Resort, Umpling, Shillong.
The Government of India has declared seven days of mourning for the death of Vajpayee and announced that government offices should be open only halfway for these seven days from today until date of nail.
There are also those who say that he is just shngain, because he doesn't even know how to shoot.
Tura, Naitung 2 : A BSF truck (AS-01-KC-1775) belonging to 181 Battalion has collided with seven small vehicles at Nahkham Bazaar in Tura at 11.30 am this morning. do not turn away.
From the hill at Ïew Shyllong, you can also see the farmland called 'Maramhah', 'Mawsep', as well as from the hill at 'ew Shyllong' you can see all the villages. within the Ri Khaiñ Lyngdoh Nonglyngkien which includes the adjacent villages.
Politics has a powerful force that affects everyone from the smallest to the largest.
Don't assume that if you harass our people, that we Gorkhas don't just want love and we know how to use other means to show our strength”.
Bah Harkin Warjri, Sordar of Thynroit Village, said that it is too late to talk about other issues on the victory of the farmers in the fight against the ban on the use of fertilizers.
Shillong, March 18: The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) has revealed that MeECL has failed to provide assistance of T.13.76 crore to an electricity company which sold electricity to MeECL. this same company at a much lower price.
In the final match of the 1st Division between these two teams, the match was very strong.
Regarding the celebration of Farmers' Day, he said that this day cannot be celebrated only among officers or farmers' organizations, but to celebrate together with all farmers, but to promote farmers. and to mentor self-employed farmers and open up opportunities for them in terms of income.
He has also played for Tripura and especially in international cricket from Kenya.
He said that there are those who are disappointed but the journey has been successful although it has not been completed yet.
Speaking at a meeting held at Rangthong-Mawthynrew, MLA/MDC of Ranikor Constituency, Bah Pius Marweiñ, said that the party has the hope of winning the MLA election because of this evidence that the involvement of supporters from other parties has further encouraged him as well as the old supporters.
“The applicants were selected by a Task Force Committee from the Deputy Commissioner's Office which included representatives from the Bank and DCIC,” he said.
They also promised not to allow other members, who at that time there were only two members, to go to the Secretariat.
Other speakers on the occasion were B.Wanniang from the office of the District Social Welfare Department, Secretary Umjaraiñ Village, Bah Coverland Lyngkhoi. welcome speech by Boklyne Kharlyngdoh, Assistant Secretary, CLF, Jakrem Cluster and welcome speech by Misilyne Kharsyiemiong, Member of CLF, Jakrem Cluster. Cluster.
I would also like to congratulate Sngurtimai Wahlang (Mi) and her family, brothers and sisters, relatives, the WANN clan, the residents of Shangpung, the EU Jowai Unit and the Dear friends, may you have a healthy body, may you grow in strength and peace of mind.
Shillong, March 5: The General Assembly of the Basaiawmoit Kpoh, one of the 7 Kpohs of the Meisin, was held at the Dorbar Hall of the Mission Compound.
The membership of the organization to date has exceeded 100 people.
“I am grateful to the Government of Meghalaya for taking the initiative to evacuate us students from Manipur.
However, the implementation of Odd and Even should be consistent from government vehicles to civilian vehicles.
All among these fruit varieties are fiber based and low in simple carb content.
“I am confident that if they have anything to say, the BJP leaders in Delhi will inform and consult with us,” he told reporters.
In a meeting with the leader of one of the ethnic parties, it was understood that they have no intention of contesting the MP election as it will affect the party.
The vehicle (AS 01 JC 9434) was driven by Biren Boro, who used to deliver newspapers to Shillong.
Here we understand that if we speak evil and fight against God's people, God Himself will rebuke them, so that they may repent and not be like that again.
This is the time of the employability of 140 crore people and the confidence of India's new power.
It was after the attempt to force him to surrender failed that the troops prepared to fight against Kiang Nangbah.
Only those who understand this and avoid this sin will grow, not those who believe and love and worship this sin.
It can also be witnessed that the ïit in this floor have fallen to the ground due to the intensity of the explosion.
They also urged the village leaders to work harder to bring about the welfare of the village and especially to prevent the evils that have happened in these days.
“We strongly condemn the statement of the former chairman of the HNLC, Bah Julius Dorphang in June 2016 in which he said that although he is the former chairman of the party, there is no allegation against him. killing people or committing crimes,” said Bah Marbaniang.
A special song by Valdony Mawlot and a friendly game.
Rida now understood what was going to happen and what she was going to face in life.
Also present on the occasion were the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Government Ministers Alexander L Hek, Kyrmen Shylla, Brolding Nongsiej and the opposition. Also present were Ampareen Lyngdoh and George B Lyngdoh, CEM of KHADC Teinwell Dkhar and Titos Starwell Chynei, mother of Balajied Kupar Synrem and his family and supporters.
You emphasize that the Khasi people are unique, according to my knowledge, each people has its own uniqueness.
These new cases include EGH: 18, EJH: 06, EKH: 121, NGH: 11, RBD: 86, SGH: 08, SWGH: 08, SWKH: 12, WGH: 131, WJH: 16 and WKH: .
Momen said India-Bangladesh relations are at a close and pleasant time and Bangladesh wants India not to do anything offensive. to the citizens of that country.
The Power Department in the Meghalaya government is also incompetent and sleepy.
Replying to a question whether it is true that there are up to three or seven candidates for tickets from the party, Conrad said it is not true for the party to give tickets to those who have just joined the party. you party.
In the fourth match, Nangbah Pohshnong beat SCSC Nonglatem 2-1 goals were scored by Bah Rang Lyngdoh in the 41st minute and Riyo Dhar in the 46th minute. .
Speaking to media, HANM leader Bah Sohtun said that after receiving information that these offices are operating without respecting even the celebration of Good Friday by Christians, they went to stop closing these places of work.
Tens of thousands of women and youths from nine zones of East Khasi Hills District and Ribhoi District attended the roundtable meeting led by President Kiltidora Marbaniang and Secretary Joplin Nongdhar. this is the two-day session of the Union.
Why don't you talk.
This remedy can be prepared as follows: Mix 1/4 oz (1/2 oz) of lead arsenate with 1/8 oz (1/4 oz) of potassium bichromate and 4 gallons of water, and stir well.
He said that the proximity of the region to the major markets of other countries is another great opportunity for the region to attract investment from neighboring countries and even domestic investors. .
Similarly, at the Assembly held at Sohra in 1925 it was agreed, “That for other needs in the Hospitals (Jaw and Jowai) it was agreed that the Churches throughout the country (Khasi- JaiÆtia) shall hold a Hospital Sunday every year, which means one Sunday to speak or pray and to hold a service for the hospitals.
The reason is that they are wise in their own eyes and walk blindly in their religious beliefs according to the customs of their ancestors.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) East Khasi Hills District today led by General Donlang Nongbri and Assistant General Secretary Tyllibor Swer to collect licenses for shops. Garikhana area to find out whether these shops have the necessary documents.
The program was inaugurated by Dr (Mrs) E.Kharkongor, Principal, Shillong Commerce College, Dr (Mrs) S.Sen, Principal, Shillong Commerce College and Dr (Mrs) B.Tron. Syiem Vice Principal Shillong College and others.
Although the VPP leader was once a prominent member of the UDP and HSPDP, he suddenly left his foundation and remained close to the current leaders of those parties.
The Seng has tried to send letters to all the MLAs, MDCs, Rangbah Shnongs and others for this meeting.
According to a letter signed by the Secretary of EJMSEIA, Bah Haral Dkhar, the Association said that the Government of India, since 10th July 2001, has submitted a proposal, The East Jaintia Hills District (EMS) has requested the Minister of Foreign Affairs to set up a Land Custom Station at Umkiang or Kuliang villages in East Jaintia Hills District. Minister of Revenue of the State Government to look into this issue which has been pending for many years, so that it will be of benefit to the people especially the people of the district in terms of and commercial activities.
Shillong: The recent collapse of the Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) has shocked and encouraged the residents and employees of Mawmluh area that the government may close the dam. completely destroy this oldest factory.
Due to the poor condition of the road, tourists from all over the world have stopped visiting these beautiful places and this has severely affected the income and livelihood of the tourists. people who used to earn a living from tourism in this area.
Please send this message to France.
I asked the teachers if they fail the exam class 12 and pass pass the entrance how do they do ... I asked the teachers but they can not answer clearly this they just say they should pass the entrance conducted by NEHU. Nongpoh: Shisngi After the preparations by the Umroi Church to host the 44th Beinnel General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of India, were destroyed by a sudden storm on the night of the 26th, He said that yesterday, the pandal was rebuilt after the residents of five villages near Umroi village, came together to rebuild the pandal. you rhyme.
A meeting was held at the Dorbar Hall of the village, conducted by Bah Planding Mawlieh Agricultural Secretary of FKJGP Rambrai Circle, in the presence of leading leaders of the FKJGP Rambrai Circle. Rangbah Shnong together with the youth who have joined as new members of the party.
Eam has not brought any benefit, what remains are only the damage after the damage to people's homes, government offices, government vehicles and people and so on.
Many Congress MDCs said that the KHADC has not mentioned any name at all, but has handed over the matter to the Khasi Heritage Conservation Forum (KHCF). )where the Secretary of the Forum is not an officer of the Council and the Chairman of the Forum is not an Executive Member of the Council.
These four members of the family including a father, mother and two young children lost their lives in the earthquake which happened on Sunday morning. while they were in the midst of sleep.
They said that Garo National Council Leader Clifford R. Marak had also raised the issue in the Assembly for discussion from 1992 until his death in
The meeting was held as part of the celebration of Azadi Amrit Ka Mahotsav which started from 25th to 30th November at the office of the Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat in collaboration with the office. MePDCL, Shillong has celebrated the Bijili Mahotsav under the theme 'Ujjwal Bharat Ujjwal Bhavishya @
After this, they lost all the wickets of EGH and conceded only 75 runs and the lead went to Julitha Sangma who took seven wickets.
The state team will leave today, January 29, 2023 for the tournament.
Shah said that after the coming of the Bharatiya Janata Party Government, there has been development in the region not only in promises but through the measures taken.
As mentioned above, there have been people who have learned not to serve others but to earn money for their own benefit.
Sniawbhalang said the government has already called a tender for the construction of two parking lots, one near the Secretariat while the other is being sought.
Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, condemned other ethnic parties in the state who have turned away through their actions, which has deprived the state of being led by ethnic parties.
Manoj Sengar, known as Manojanand Maharaj, has spent T.5 lakh on the mask and said there is also a sanitizer installed in the mask. He named the mask 'Shiv Sharan mask' and will work for 36 months.
Shillong, March 30: There have been serious doubts about the working methods of government officers especially IAS officers in the state; They wanted to please the Chief Minister.
"This is also the political party of the Hindus.
The question that arises now is, are such personal threats to elected officials acceptable in our peaceful society today? Does the HNLC intend to continue its fight from Bangladesh by withdrawing from the peace talks table? Does the HNLC intend to continue its violent activities as it did in 2021 when the villagers turned into victims? Has the HNLC been able to provide the T.25,000 salary to its new members and where will it get that money? Many questions have arisen in relation to this issue of the armed group. state.
They said that the people have agreed to hand over to the new Executive Body to review the expenditure because the former Waheh Shnong who has already submitted a report on the expenditure and implementation of government schemes on 23rd July
This will reduce the cost of importing oil and will also encourage farmers to supply ethanol which will increase their income,” he said.
According to police sources, on Friday evening, ANTF police conducted a raid on the residence of a drug dealer in Upper Kench's Trace.
“I will write to the central government to simplify the collection of revenue from tourism-related activities,” he said.
During the visit, there was also a clash between the members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) and the state police. the gate of the tower.
Shillong: Another death has been reported from Bah B Narlong, 36, of Umklai Nongpoh, Shillong. He passed away on Friday 15th June
The meeting also decided to urge all the Dorbar Shnongs, Raid Dorbars, Hima Dorbars to convene an emergency meeting to discuss the letter from the MHA and also the Dorbar Shnongs. The High Court has issued a recent order and their decisions should be sent to the office of the Dorbar of Chiefs.
After that, I didn't meet again and I don't think I'll ever meet again.
Wellborn Bynnud, former Vice President of the Union, questioned the closure of the factory due to losses and that the Government cannot revive it. The collapse of the Mawlai Bridge and the flooding of the Inter State Bus Terminal (ISBT) have also affected the Government.
However, as we have heard from time to time, other initiatives such as the aqua mission or the encouragement of fish farming, have not yet benefited the people especially in West Khasi Hills. In all parts of West Khasi Hills, only fish imported from outside the state can be obtained.
Prof. Janak Jhankar Narzari, Soumitra Chatterji, Rathin Kanji, Prof. Niaz Majumdar, Falguni Mukherji, Shamita Goswami and Ketaki were also present. Choudhury, Mario Pathaw and Raphael Warjri, on issues related to their personal and social development.
Out of the 14 candidates selected for the screening, only three are indigenous or ethnic minorities, while 11 are from other ethnic groups, who are not ethnic minorities,” said the General Secretary of the KSU. announcement.
On his part, he also expressed his gratitude to the IT Secretary of the Government of India, J. Satyanarayana for his assistance and advice in this regard.
The tournament was inaugurated by Dr CJK Warjri BDO Bhoirymbong C&RD Block as the chief guest in the presence of Bah Shemphang Lyngdoh as the chief guest, leaders of Mawlasnai Social & Cultural Sports Club and others. old.
The song was sung by Damebanskhem Syiem and Alvareen Kharphuli.
On the issue of drugs, alcohol and drugs, CG Marweiñ Officer Incharge of Langpih Border Out Post, said that smuggling is a very disturbing activity for the people. Once they have become addicted, they don't even have to steal the property of their families and there are some types of illegal gambling and the punishment is according to the Gambling Act which the government has implemented.
In the second half, Fullmoon scored the first goal of the game after a missed pass from the opposition, where Fullmoon got the opportunity. his first.
“The fact is that the state government is also working overtime to generate revenue to pay to the employees,” she said.
“On the part of my department, we have sent to the Personnel Department that there is an urgent need to appoint a BDO in Mawphlang C&RD Block.
On these grounds, he said that the KHADC should not re-appoint him until he can run the affairs of the Hima.
Nongpoh 23, Naiwieng: The health workers in Ri Bhoi District, on Thursday decided to end their strike and resume their services.
Speaking to reporters after the National Executive meeting of the BJP Women's Wing, she said, “Recently, I have arrested 5,000 people in the fight against child marriage in the state.
East Khasi Hills has 201 new cases, West Garo Hills 70 and Ribhoi 24 cases.
Many of the buildings here have been built just because people have money, and even the land that has been released a little bit by others has been taken away by those rich people who don't have the right attitude. salia eiei even if there will be a great commotion later in the village, because all these things are hidden.
When asked whether there is anything secret, whether they want to sell at a high price, they said that it is not that they have hidden but they have sold everything. he bought about 10 songs.
Nasrat also showed the bodies of people lying on the ground, killed and injured in the blast, in the dining room of the wedding.
So the marble went to the place.
Shillong: The deaths from covid-19 in Shillong have been confirmed as Dipendu Kumar Deb Roy, 66, of Upper Jail Road, Parbata Mongngar, 38, of Moolait Bri Sutnga, East Jaintia Hills. Sohshang, 4 months old, of Rangdikhew, Everlasting Shylla, 70, of Mawlai Nongkwar, Suzanne Lyngdoh Nonglait, 48, of Mawlai Nongkwar.
The Waheh Shnong of Mukhaïalong, who is also the Chairman of the Khloo Poh Blai-Mooshutia Community Reserve, Bah Hunderd Phawa, told us a few stories about the Mooshutia people in this sacred forest. Blai) and said that since ancient times, anciently and until now it is not permissible to touch, to sit on these stones, because they are people who have turned into stones and are called Mooshutia. These stones have been preserved by the Community Reserve by surrounding them. The story says, “Since this was not done, The forest is a Community Reserve, it is no longer a sacred forest, it is prohibited to cut down trees, it is prohibited to cut down trees, it is prohibited to go outside. , it is not allowed to pollute, it is forbidden since ancient times and if you do immorality in this place you can get sick, get demons, we still follow the commandments of our ancestors and this is also to preserve the "U Bah H.Phawa, also told the story of the two stones called Mooshutia and said that they were the people who turned into stones, during the knieh syiem between the Syiem Umngot and Syiem Myntdu, these two Shutia were looking for which of these rivers reached Bangladesh first, as a competition, so these Shutia came to tell that the Umngot reached the east first. Bangla and at that time Myntdu was still cooking ja, cooking sha at Blai's house in Tuber Kmai village and until now if you go to that place in the Myntdu River, there are still signs of shin, like khiew. , plates, siang and other utensils, at the time of these shutia called and announced that the Umngot had reached Shken Talang, where the Myntdu River left these khiew, plates, utensils. , tar in the area and the other two (the Shutia) could not escape to jump to the other side of the river and stayed there and died of starvation and thus they will turn into stones from that time on, he said. He said that since this time these two stones should not be touched, not allowed to sit and not allowed to wit and they have remained exactly to this day and with the help of the Forest Department they have been able to dig well. a place where people cannot touch, sit, or climb on these stones.
At about 5:30 pm, a commercial vehicle (ML11-5376) was seized along with five persons.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Synran said, “I have had a long-standing plan to work and carry out the duties of the Constituency. “I have never been able to apply for a ticket from the HSPDP to contest the mid-term elections to the KHADC, but I have never been able to do so and now it has opened the way for me through the PDF”.
The donation was led by the President of the Unit, Samla Kyrpang Lamin.
In the tournament which was held from 17th to 19th at Rongkhon and Darechikgre, EJH won 12 medals including 5 gold, 4 silver and 3 silver medals.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: Four villages including Syllai U Lor Mylliem, Nongkyntir, Rngi and Mawiong Mylliem as well as Lyngkien Shyiap have said that they have no opposition to the Seng Khasi in any way. The objection is to the Lyngdoh of Raid Mylliem who has given the land without any agreement and understanding between the villages in charge of the land.
If lead gets into the body of children it affects their brain and they lose their intelligence quotient.
In the counting of votes, 11 MDCs were against the resolution while seven were in favour, which resulted in the resolution being defeated.
The UDP Ranikor constituency welcomed more than 100 supporters of the NPP, INC and other parties who joined the UDP in the presence of MLA/MDC of Ranikor constituency Bah Pius Marweiñ.
The Sengbhalang has demanded that the government and MeCEL should not turn off the electricity in Garo Hills.
He said that if the government does not send any message on this, JACATAM will hold a strike from 12th June.
Looking at the votes received by the HSPDP and the Congress, it was seen that the vote bank of these two parties in Nongstoin is not strong, although there have been increases and decreases but they are only slight. slightly compared to 2013.
Shillong: The BJP Meghalaya today welcomed the appointment of former health doctor Dr. Rita Tariang.
This video shows a blind boy,named Rupari Nongrum - sitting on a chair and singing melodiously a song.
Then with the seller and buyer, these ten rynjain, inside the Civil Court.
What is the future of these children if vocational education is not available and parents do not have the opportunity to send them to school? These are the most important issues in this state that we urgently need to discuss.
However, it is not easy and it will take time, we will see how politics goes,” said Dr. Kharlukhi.
Through this article, the reservation policy of the Government now that it has turned 50 years old, it is time to turn it into an open competition for all 80% of the tribes including Khasi, Jaintia and Garo. How about Reservation? If the present government doesn't think about it soon, we will be in trouble.
Police said that Rabha was stoned after a fight between two unidentified youths at the scene.
Ed) which is according to the NCTE and many of the teachers, who have long families of children therefore the government should sustain their work.
Although it is not clear, from sources, talks with the NPP leaders are ongoing and an announcement may be made later.
The officials of the Wimbledon tournament have said that the leading players from Russia and Belarus have now received permission to compete in the World Cup. game of the tournament this year.
How can it provide growth if revenue generation is low?
KJPA Senior Administrative Secretary Pastor NS Phawa said that 10 votes were cast.
The Federation has demanded that the CPWD (Road) Shillong should immediately fight against this corruption and take immediate action.
In the second half, Rangdajied FC strengthened their team with a goal, but Wallambha Kharpran's chance in the 81st minute failed.
Do you have to have a degree in engineering to build various buildings such as roads that have been destroyed only once by the rain and those that have to be repaired every year? The newly built Legislative Assembly building in Mawdiangdiang is not a sign of corruption by using cheap materials and a lot of shyiap pum pum.
According to the Syllad, out of these 40 students, one of them has completed his diploma in automobile while the other nine students have completed their studies in Class-XII.
The group was led by RERAM in collaboration with Sadar Police Station.
“There are about 60-70 districts in the country which are below the national average and one of them is East Garo Hills District,” he said.
Speaking to media, the President of the Seng, Bah David Mawlong said that the Seng leaders across the districts were shocked to learn of this.
Shillong, Nailar 23 : Langsning FC have lost to Nangkiew Irat in the second round of the Shillong Premier League title. Shillong Premier League will be played on Tuesday at the Third Ground, Polo.
“The people of the state have not allowed the BJP to form or lead the Meghalaya government but the party will continue to work with the central government on the demand for ILP and the recognition of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​within the state. “The party understands the wishes of the people of the state,” said Hek.
Also present on the occasion were Aditya Sen, Program Head, PRIME Meghalaya as the Chief Guest. EN Dkhar, Vice Principal (Professional Course), Jeff Rani, Program Coordinator, PRIME Meghalaya, EDC members, Facilitators from Hundredfold Academy and all the students who have registered.
Shillong, March : To mark the last month of the celebration of Sewa Pakshwada which is the birthday of the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi which also coincides with the birthday of Mahatma Gandhi, the The program was led by the Sordar of Raid Kongthong, Bah Teibor Lynrah in the presence of Rajya Sabha MP Prof. Rakesh Sinha who was the chief guest.
The tournament was divided into three categories, Under-14 boys, women's and open to all.
“We have all come together to make India a rich country, the people of Jammu & Kashmir have been promised the ownership of the land.
About 20 teams from different villages of Ri Bhoi District have come to take part in this tournament, which the RBDSA has played in the Knockout System.
The Union of Waheh Shnong Jowai invites all NGOs, Religious Organizations and all kinds of organizations together with private individuals, villages near Wah Myntdu to join in this day.
The Jowai Consumers Co-operative Store has honored Mr. S Quotient Sumer, one of the founder members of the Cooperative Society, who has been serving the city of Jowai and surrounding villages especially the poor since
James said that even the 17 acres of land in Umsawli is too small. He said that he will meet with other government ministers to move to another place like Umsawli. The township will be located in New Shillong Township.
Therefore, I have to congratulate the present government (MDA) as well as all the MLAs who have achieved this long standing issue.
In the Under-17 Boys category, Ialong Secondary School beat Don Bosco School Mihmyntdu 1-0 by a tie breaker. iaka Demthring Presbyterian Secondary School.
This used to start with a small field but now we are standing in front of you from the stadium to realize the dream of this leader of ours.
He said he hoped that this stadium would bring benefits and fulfill the aspirations of the youth to progress in sports and reach their goals.
Therefore, if we remain only buyers from other states in the coming years, we can understand that these same problems will continue and teachers, job seekers, farmers will face. the same problems.
Expressing his dissatisfaction with the distribution of weapons without advocating for the real problems of the people, Bah Embhahlang said, “If I am an MLA only to distribute uniforms, I will distribute uniforms every day but I don't want to put Because I believe in the word, if I give with my right hand, let not my left hand know.
He said the government now needs to change the way of building roads and not like before when the roads did not have plans to build water tanks even in this state with the highest rainfall.
Until 1760, the poor families in the rural areas still had hills, rivers and farmland to plant, bury, work and earn, but gradually life changed with the introduction of the Enclosure Acts and jobs and income opportunities have been destroyed.
Because to give the Khasi jait to the children of non-Khasi fathers is a bloodshed in the Bri u Hynniewtrep, while the Khasi children have been denied the right to take the jait as the custom and tradition of the nation.
She also said that she is a soldier and has held key positions in the BJP Minority Morcha and also as a National Executive Member.
However, three other members of the gang have escaped from the scene.
The Miss Meghalaya pageant is not just about beauty and good looks; but it is more than goodness.
She also warned the bank that if it continues to play chess, it will be expelled immediately from the country.
Therefore, the Dorbar Shnongs, Youth Organizations and Women's Organizations should cooperate as much as possible to improve the training and programs for the children.
“As an implementation after receiving a tip on this incident, the police and STF team have surrounded the area and ordered the robbers to surrender. They shot at the police station," they said.
It has a long history in the Word of God, along with their country, the land of Israel.
He said that not only that, they also come to visit the villages and even to every household, that is, only once every five years when they win they forget about them.
Espiranza Stela Songthiang in the 50 kg category and Salmi Phawa in the 48 kg category.
On Thursday, Shillong Cricket Association A will play against Ri-Bhoi DCA while South Garo Hills DCA will play against North Garo Hills DCA in Zone
Because there are many names that have meaning but are not standardized.
The closing ceremony was attended by Bah Wanshanbor Kharkrang, Treasurer of Meghalaya Football Association as the chief guest. The winner of the tournament was a cash prize of T.10,000, while Mawprem SC received a cash prize of T.7000 and trophies.
The Umiam Dam is more than 50 years old and will soon reach 60 years old.
Shillong: There have been 408 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today.
Earlier, from 7th to 10th July, a team of officers from the Department of Horticulture visited DASD, Calicut and IISR, Kasaragod Kerala to discuss the the food of the Kwai that has just begun to grow.
Joining KHNAM, Bah Carmel said that as an MDC he will fight for the people and he chose KHNAM because it is the only party that stands on the basis of fighting for rights and freedoms. the future of the people of Hynniewtrep.
Shillong, June 1: As soon as the Monolith Festival starts at Mawphlang, many people want to know and see the market as announced by the organizers of the festival.
In our state, we are witnessing the disappearance of residents without knowing their whereabouts, the spread of drug traffickers and other incidents that cause cold weather.
There is also a prize money of T.2,0
“Because in politics there is conflict and but let's break the conflict in politics.
This result has led them to score 10 points in the match.
Richard Marak in a statement released today, said that India, which is an independent country, has been tarnished by the presence of such leaders.
According to the Right to Information (RTI), besides the T.2.49 lakh received by the Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Nongpdeng, 13 other schemes have been implemented in the village which has amounted to more than T.2.49 lakh. .32,63, 801 lakh without the knowledge of the village.
The destruction of these Modified Silencers by the Police is part of the Police's efforts to enforce the law against any vehicles and motorcycles installing Modified Silencers.
In other words, theology is also the spiritual experience, the experience or encounter with the things that are important in the journey of life.
Such a visit to the water treatment plants is scheduled to be held on the 8th and 9th of November at Mawphlang and Nongstoin ULB. In November, they revived the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) to prepare together for the Lok Sabha elections to be held next year from the Shillong Parliamentary Seat.
Speaking at a public meeting held at Gundusettipalli in Santhipuram mandal, the Minister said that the release of water has been a special day in the history of the area.
The closure of schools is due to the continued heavy rainfall in the next 48 hours.
Of the 50 most polluted cities, 18 are in Bihar, eight in Haryana and eight in Rajasthan.
The meeting also agreed to form a new group which will include leaders from different faith groups for the purpose of promoting peace and stability in the State, and that this group will take part. also with the appropriate authorities – to cooperate in any matters affecting the people and residents of the State.
This issue may be one of the issues that the opposition MDCs will discuss in the remaining two days of the Lyiur Dorbar which will end on Tuesday next month.
He said that the 10 votes cast in the Electronic Voting Machine (EVM) not only decides the future of the state but also the long term future.
KSU Laban Circle General Secretary Jason Laloo said that the KSU Laban Circle has complained to the KSU that there is a smuggling of petrol at the petrol station. the measurement is not enough.
The journey will cover 3291 km and will pass through 7 states.
“God does not look at the way man looks”.
Does the government see these problems of the farmers or should it think separately to look after the market, because other food and beverages imported from outside the state are gold, while the The agricultural products produced by the farmers of the state are no longer suitable for silver.
By Collin Wanniang.
I agree that there is a lack of employment in some villages which has prompted women to come forward and demand that this job be taken over.
PAC chairman Paul Lyngdoh said the CID has conducted an investigation and will submit its report next month.
Shillong: Kongthong Village, Khadar Shnong Block, East Khasi Hills District, is one of the villages which is famous in the world as the village where people use to call each other by the song Iawbei. The Ministry of Tourism has received the award as the “Best Tourism Village 2023” at the National Tourism Award presented by the Ministry of Tourism. the Government of India.
He said that NEIGRIHMS has not been able to answer how the waste was transported from the hospital to Marten.
It was also found that the company had lied about the number of foreigners who had allowed it to pay T 38 crore.
This is the 2nd St. Joseph's Knockout Football Tournament
“I have not yet received a reply from Conrad on the reason why he forcibly removed me from the post of CEM of the council and this is an act of violence that you all know,” he said.
Of course, we need to fight against foreigners but when we have strong governance, unity and competition in all aspects, we will be the masters of our own country.
The scheme will benefit 1 crore women in the state and will be implemented from 15th November, the birth anniversary of DMK founder CN Annadurai.
Therefore, hand over all these things to the police from the beginning.
One of the most prominent players in the country this season is Vanlalpeka Guite, who also won the Player of the Year title in the SAFF Championship recently.
The government has tried to find other sources of water and has directed the department to be ready in such a situation," Marcuise said.
MLA Bah Nujorki Sungoh has already distributed the Khaw to all these 51 villages except the MLA's home village, Mukhap.
This helpline number will be for the entire state of Meghalaya.
Mawkhar, on the other hand, have many opportunities to score but lack the ability to score, and such opportunities are those of Justerwell Tham, and In the 17th minute, he tried to kick the ball against the goal but it went wide.
Outside Meghalaya, there are many schools that do not allow parents to drive on and off by private vehicles.
Maremdorkini Sutnga scored the highest number of runs with 26 runs while Pakyntein scored 21 runs.
Shillong, July 11 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, who is also the National President of the National People's Party (NPP), on Tuesday said that he will win the South Tura MLA elections.
“Unity is one of the greatest forces to escape from divisions, quarrels, strife, quarrels, misunderstandings and so on.
The General Secretary of the Kur Pohthmi, Shanduh Pohthmi, today announced that the next meeting of the Kur Pohthmi will be held on the 13th July 2023 at Padubah, Amlarem Sub Division.
Samla Comingstar said that the Union will provide ambulances, WiFi and other necessities for the youth.
He said that the group wants the VAB to be passed so that the Rangbah Shnongs can be re-empowered. The VAB should be implemented and other provisions required to be included in the Act can be amended later.
“There has been no upgradation of schools and colleges in the state for four years despite the government allocating a lot of money to the department.
Not only did they hate the teachers but they also tortured them by harassing and delaying their salaries until they slept all night on Secretariat Road and even shot gas at the teachers. pleats.
We have a Pleader who pleads for us before God the Father in heaven, through His blood on the Cross.
The State Surveillance Unit of the Integrated Disease Surveillance Program (IDSP) has found that such incidents have occurred in the country. usually occurs during the winter months, from January to April.
Furthermore, the union has decided to request the farmers not to sell jhur on the 8th, but to take part in this meeting to show the solidarity of the farmers. farmers.
When the shad ksing was over, Jumreit went to look for Tongsoh in the field but could not find her.
The Mylliem Hima together with the 12 MDCs of the District Council, on the 30th of March, released the color of the Daju; The EM of Labor at that time, Bah James Ban Basaiawmoit, said that the Daju uniform will be effective from the 1st of November and he is eager to wear the Daju uniform. Before Christmas, which is probably his last wish before he steps down from the post of EM. wear Uniform.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The people of Shillong have prepared to welcome the Prime Minister Narendra Modi from Umshyrpi Bridge to the Governor's House for the first time during his visit to Shillong.
He said the President of the BJP Meghalaya will send the petition to the BJP leaders including Chubba Ao and Rituraj Sinha to express their support for Finela to become the MP candidate of the party. “I have spoken to Bah Ernest Mawrie who has filed his nomination papers and I will explain to him to withdraw his nomination from the ticket application and I will also meet with Bah AL Hek that we need to work together and unite. to win the BJP candidate in the Lok Sabha MP elections,” said Bah Sanbor.
During the raid on the residence of Ajit Rabha, police recovered an SBML rifle and a shara bullet.
According to her, some of the items were lost when the museologists conducted a thorough study of the Accession Register in
They will come and know the God of Israel.
“HYC President Robertjune Kharjahrin said that the UCC is committed to the destruction of customs and traditions and the abolition of about 60 percent of the Sixth Schedule.
Duncan, who was a musician in the past, and prayers dedicated to the book before it was sold to the public.
Many shopkeepers, while taking part in the meeting, said that they are facing difficulties in cleaning up the Khyndai Lad due to the insistence of the vendors to sit in the areas where they have broken the garbage. trash.
Shillong: Regarding the shooting of members of the party in Saba Mukroh, the party has taken action and has spoken to the government to take strong action. They are awaiting the report from the DC of West Jaintia Hills.
The meeting was held at Upper New Nongstoin IB LP School where Babu O Sangriang, Vice President of AMSSATA, completed the ceremony. Nongstoiñ Block.
Others who attended the event were LT Tariang, MCS, Additional Deputy Commissioner, Project Director, DRDA, S. Marweiñ, MCS, Block Development Officer, Ranikor C&RD. Block, Sub Inspector of Schools, Sub Divisional Officer, PHE, Mawkyrwat Division.
On Saturday last month, the teachers, under the umbrella of the MGLPSCTA, called off their temporary strike until 3 pm to wait for the decision of the government. , but due to the lack of success in their talks with the government, they have decided to continue their indefinite strike.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) Youth Wings has strongly condemned the police's excessive use of lathis which resulted in serious injuries to many people.
Jowai, Jymmang 19: The President of the AITC Mukhla Dorbar Mission, Niman Shadap, has clarified on the letter of complaint signed by several people to the DC. to the leaders of the city.
He said that in order to bring about a clean and hygienic city, the SMB in collaboration with the Urban Affairs Department has implemented the NERCCIDP scheme of the Central Government. Shillong has been selected to participate in this scheme.
At the same time, the coal smoke has also affected the residents of Mookhep, Jalyiah and Ladrymbai villages as the coal mining factory is in the middle while these villages are surrounded by it.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Rangbah Shnongs of Nongthymmai Constituency have lodged a complaint with the MLA of Nongthymmai, Bah Jemino Mawthoh regarding the irregularities in the registration of residents for the benefit of National Ration. Food Security Act.
Because after the election, the flag should be removed and all the residents should be corrected,” she said.
There are 136 confirmed cases in East Khasi Hills, 98 cases in West Khasi Hills, 3 cases in West Khasi Hills, 13 cases in Ribhoi District, 1 case in West Jaintia Hills, 16 cases in West Garo Hills and 3 cases in South West Garo Hills. , East Garo Hills and North Garo Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 13 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Home Affairs, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the ban between the central and state governments is still open to the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC). ) to continue peace talks.
There are 1,178 confirmed cases in the state.
Shillong: U Bah Holestar Sohlang, 56, of Lyngiong, East Khasi Hills, has tested positive for covid-1
Until the High Court issued the order, 57 of them were found to be illegal and only 4 were in accordance with the rules of law.
On the other hand, the hospital was led by the Medical Superintendent Dr Nongrum, Reverend Pastor SS Majaw, Chairman of the Governing Board, Administrative Officer Bah KW Marbaniang, among others.
In the middle of the war, on the morning of the 27th of May, 1862, Woh Kiang was sleeping in Umpara, with his wife and two children.
There are 7 cases in North Garo Hills, 52 cases in Ri Bhoi, 2 cases in Byrnihat PhC Cluster, 4 cases in Iew Mawlong Cluster, 11 cases in Jareibasai Cluster, 3 cases in Kbet Nongbri, 2 cases in Lumsohpieng Cluster 16, Open Cluster 3.
During the inspection of the new school building, it was found that some of the remaining works are no electricity, no water and some minor necessities.
“We must understand that any nation that doesn't have a vision will be a nation that will disappear and I don't want us as a nation to disappear but to be a bright nation to live happily ever after. heritage to come,” said Mr. Adelbert.
The President of the Seng, Bah Donbok Dkhar, in an interview with the media, said that according to the RTI reply received on 21st March, 2021 from the Ministry of Minority Affairs, the Government of India has This scheme has been implemented only in West Garo Hills from 2015 to 2020 while in other districts of the state it has not been implemented at all despite the subsidy allocated by the Government. Among the indigenous people of Meghalaya.
“We have come here to demand from the central government to end this social dispute over the demarcation of the border between Meghalaya and Assam,” he said.
“In Delhi, many requests have come, Rahul wants to talk and says that if necessary, he should come to Meghalaya. Mukul Sangma came to sit with me for an hour, but I said I can't stand these things for a long time, and now it's time. I don't want to say Khublei,” said Bah DD Lapang.
According to the complaint, she alleged that her father committed the crime when she was 13 years old in 2007 in a forest area nearby. who are relatives because they have not been killed.
JOWAI: The Better Life SHG has opened its Trade Fair on the 22nd of this month at Iawmusiang Square, Jowai.
Many times, when the sun is still hot, We go to the river to swim;
Speaking after the meeting, Bah SB Nongdhar, Rangbah Shnong and Chairman of Laitumkhrah Dorbar Shnong Pyllun, said that all the suggestions given at the meeting to send taxes to the people will be distributed to all the Dorbar Shnongs so that to consider this action of the Municipal.
There are many types of vitamins and folate is considered to be one of the most important vitamins for the health of the body.
Although the BJP has the highest number of seats in the Karnataka State Legislative Assembly, its 104 members do not allow it to form its own government in the state.
The session of the Pakistani Parliament was called because of the tensions between India in recent days.
Shillong, March 18: The Communist Party of India (CPI) has expressed its deep concern over the increase in the price of beverages such as rice, dai, sugar, umphniang and others. also the lack of food for the students until today.
Because while the time is short, we don't see those bright days.
Of course, God does not force anyone and gives man free will and these children of Israel wanted wrong and the Bible says they wanted it.
Satemitre Bareh scored 56 runs (9×4) while Kuneki Lato scored 19 runs (2×4 and 1 x6).
However, the difference is that young children do not dare to smoke cigarettes in front of adults.
The tournament was organized by the All Assam Amateur Wrestling Association in collaboration with the United Amateur Wrestling Association (UAMAI) in Sonupur.
Luikham is an Indian Forest Service (IFS) Officer of the 2003 batch.
Checks were also distributed to SHGs, Cooperative Societies, pig farmers and other beneficiaries.
Shillong, Nailar 22: Thousands of students have been affected by the first day of the Joint Action Committee of All Teachers' Association of Meghalaya (JACATAM). on this strike of teachers.
Shillong: U MLA Nongthymmai Constituency, Bah Charles Pyngrope today through a letter to the Speaker of the House, proposed to count 50 percent of his salary to help the government in the fight against the coronavirus. virus' within the state.
Through this inspection, the officials of the RBDCA and MCA, have visited the gymnasium which has been built specifically for the cricket players and especially the stadium, which can be said to be to be one of the first cricket grounds in Ri Bhoi District.
The program was attended by Dr. LR Hynniewta, BDO, Mairang C&RD Block, Bah S. Khonglah, Lecturer, IIHM, Shillong. S.Wahlang, Demonstrator of IIHM, Shillong, teachers and students of schools and colleges in the area including those who came from Mairang Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Mairang, Khadsawphra College, Mairang, St.Thomas Higher Secondary School, Mairang and Myriaw RMSA Higher Secondary School, Myriaw.
Sohphoh Village Council welcomes all candidates and political parties who wish to express their wishes and intentions for the election in the village and has also set the rules to allow only 3 ( three) small vehicles for candidates and their followers to attend meetings or election campaigns in the village.
Speaking on the MLA scheme that the government has allocated specifically for the people, such as the SRWP which is the scheme that the MLA should give to the poor, he said that at the time If you are an MLA, the scheme will reach only Rs 10 crore.
Not only the lights, but the hostel is also full of garbage and bottles of alcohol.
SHILLONG: Thousands of students in Meghalaya have been encouraged after the Prime Minister Conrad K. Sangma has given his approval to release the students' fees. Post Matric Scholarship.
The traffic jam in Motphran is caused by the fact that taxis in Motphran stand in line to pick up passengers and one taxi takes at least 3 minutes. .
He said that NEHU will continue to implement the NEP according to their announcement and the State Government has no role in this. the implementation of the NEP"
God bless you who read this message.
Speaking at the meeting, Prestone Tynsong, National Vice President of the NPP, announced that Grace Kharpuri has been confirmed as the party's candidate for the 2023 MLA elections.
The meeting was attended by a handshake and a shondur with the police besides the truth.
The leading causes identified on the prevalence of overweight among children point to an unstructured food choice pattern in the health sector.
This is about 6.4% of children with these birth defects.
He said the 14th Finance Commission of the Union Government has introduced changes in the allocation of funds to the States to spend on development projects.
Shillong, March 08: Students of Lady Keane College, Shillong, on Tuesday said that some men were standing on the road from Keating Road to reach their college. They also shouted and threatened their brothers to meet these female students who were passing by.
When asked whether the MDC elections in 2024 will go smoothly, Bah Pynïaid said that according to the signs, it will go smoothly because the Government of India has not yet brought in Parliament to amend the elections. to the 6Schedule.
In the past few years, there has been a complaint from the residents, who said that during the Tlang season they have to walk through the road which passes through the road which is full of pum pum and during the Lyiur, the people have to walk through the road which is full of snow.
Shillong, March 03: The Information and Broadcasting Department today issued two notices, one to its television channels, due to the financial crisis and social relationships among the people, especially the youth. groups and individuals and another to those who publish online news and OTT platforms where it directed them to refrain from publishing information about online money laundering sites and dubious advertisements on these site.
The journey takes 10 minutes from Nimbdi Chandawata to Harsolav.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) Meghalaya is well prepared to win the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong and Tura.
“I hope that this should not continue like this, but as the people should understand that they should not be satisfied in order to bring about change in the coming years in terms of sports,” he added. he is the leader.
To have unity, whether poor or rich, small or large, without discrimination in race and to be united with our neighbours.
“It is necessary for the state government to take steps to raise awareness among the people on the schemes of the central government as part of benefiting the people and the small paid in the state,” he said.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 10: After two years of the outbreak of Covid-19, the faithful of the Catholic Church of the Shillong Archdiocese will have the opportunity to take part in the Procession of the Eucharist at Laitumkhrah.
The Government has issued an order from 13th January this year to increase the fare of all vehicles including trucks and passenger vehicles.
After the meeting with the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, the General Secretary of the SSMP, Bah Samran Syiem told the media that during the meeting to monitor the measures taken by the Government. to take, the union questions the Minister on the implementation of technology that can turn waste into wealth and wants to understand how the work has progressed since the relocation of marten and to reduce the pollution that I'm going to this bread bag.
In the year 2024, there have been 27 cases of poisoning by eating wild tit, and it is also sad that up to 7 people have lost their lives.
Today, 87 cases of coronavirus have been confirmed in Assam and 286 cases have been confirmed and undergoing treatment in the state.
Conrad K Sangma also urged Bah AL Hek to refrain from any inappropriate remarks and urged him to take responsibility for the duties assigned to him as the Minister's Advisor. Chief.
He said that all the DSEOs of the districts have been requested to send the preparations of the arrears of the deficit teachers to the Director immediately so that they can receive the arrears before Christmas.
The EE of MeECL Khliehriat Distribution Division did not meet with the SDO and JE of MeECL Khliehriat Distribution Division during the meeting. They also submitted a petition to the heads of the department.
In this incident, it is suspected that the child was abducted because in front of the house there is a highway and a dumper was parked and it is suspected that the child was abducted by the robbers. people inside the vehicle.
For example, the UIDAI mandates that citizens must be verified based on the information they have captured during the recording and data collection process.
The forests and fields are also bright and bright because the Umngot gives them peace and happiness.
He said that this Bill is nothing but a threat to the villagers who have to make an affidavit if they stay away.
This song was composed by Matthew May.
She said that the party leaders have decided to sacrifice their body and soul for the welfare of the people and the villages, and they will continue to stand up and be ready to sacrifice their lives until the end of the year. They have received a clean response to their struggle against the government for the construction of the road from 13 mer to Killing which has been abandoned by the government for many years. 1993 until 2015".
As a sign of respect for the former leader, the members of the party covered the grave with the flag of the HNLC before handing over the flag to the wife of Bah Cherish.
We as the land owners who are against the sale of our villages and farmland, we have confirmed through social media what the office of the Syiem Raid Marwet and the Sub-Registrar Office have confirmed. By chirp law).
According to reports in Israel, the Israeli search for workers from India comes after about 90,000 Gaza workers have been forced to return to their country after Israel. has suspended the work permits of Gazans following the outbreak of fighting between Israel and Hamas, which rules Gaza.
Shillong, October 1: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has demanded that the appointment of MDCs in the Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) in the state should be abolished as the time is not right.
The Jewish people had to repent in order to fulfill what Jesus had said earlier that He would suffer and die in order to save mankind throughout heaven and earth.
“The KDA President Starwin Kharjana and General Secretary Ibadalin Kharsati have said that the KDA has been working hard to improve the quality of food schemes in the country. .
The Laitumkhrah MDC said that when he left the Congress party to join the BJP, he didn't have peace of mind. “I don't want to contest, I look at the party and my supporters say to go to the BJP, I just went without any hesitation,” he said.
In the second half, Mookaswan Dongwah beat FAM 1-0 with a goal from Ion Phawa in the 50th minute.
After the meeting, Narendra Modi, along with party president Rajnath Singh, met President Pranab Mukherjee along with letters of support from other political parties. Rajnath Singh said that there are 40 letters supported by the NDA parties, including 335 MPs. Rajnath Singh said, The inauguration of the Prime Minister will be held on the 26th June 2014, where 3,000 people are expected to be invited to witness the ceremony.
and we hope that the soul of this man will rest in peace before God.
Also present on the occasion were the Rangbah Shnong Samla Finan Khongdup, the Sordar of Raid Mawshun, Rgh. Lamiki Dkhar and other dignitaries.
Psalm 11:3 says, "If the foundation be taken away, what can the righteous do?" What is that foundation if it is not the Word of God? It is also true that problems among Christians arise because they do not understand the foundation of their faith.
Many of such leaders invest a lot of money and distribute only a little.
The reason was that he had allegedly stolen timber from Karbi Forest, Assam and had also allegedly burnt down the beat Forest Office.
Peruvian authorities on Sunday said 27 workers had lost their lives in a gold mine fire in southern Peru.
This petition demands that the Khasi Hima should regain the status of Hima and the children of the Hima should rule themselves.
Dear brothers and sisters, let us take care of ourselves individually to help remind those who love BIH SEIN IONG, to repent while the time is still available, God loves your soul, turn to Him. , receive Him, that ye may have peace and salvation.
In the first match which started at 11:30 pm between Nongrah SC and Pohkseh SC, Pohkseh SC won by 3 goals.
He said that Meghalaya has the best quality coal and various companies will flock to set up in the state where development projects will come but it does not mean to release lightly. and it needs to protect itself as a minority.
However, the OBC population is 52% of the population of India.
“Being one of the two will strengthen our party,” Prestone said.
There are three main areas which are Solid and Liquid Waste Management (SLWM), training of stakeholders and information to bring about a change in mindset.
In an order issued today, the District Magistrate said that the burning of rnga has affected the forests and the environment.
It is learned that inside the Shlem Jingtip, there is a road leading to the Jingkieng jri in the raid and kynti Mawlam, there is also a nature house, a place of worship, a service to the Forty-one of the workers, who have been trapped inside the camp for 17 days, have escaped in the past few minutes.
At the same time, Bah HDR slammed the ethnic parties allied with the BJP saying that they are the ones who brought the BJP to the state.
The Minister also had an interaction with the students and answered some questions on skills, employment, and policies of the state government for the youth.
“Now we have 26 and we can go up to 32 and 33 people.
From time to time, this member of the truck union has been involved in many activities to promote the union,” said the General Secretary of the union, Samla K.Bareh.
They have to bear the burden of their parents.
Nongpoh: U Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, CEM of KHADC, today held a meeting with the Village Leaders of Ri-Bhoi District and those under the banner of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi District. The purpose of the meeting was to discuss many issues such as the protection of land, the preservation of customs and traditions, the strengthening of the working methods of the village leaders and also the implementation of the KHADC office. don't be in Nongpoh.
In fact, police had gone to the village to arrest them on Monday but they had fled.
He said that he and the government authorities have already looked into the issues related to the preparations for the resumption of classes.
The DMHO said that these species of pyrjong grow well due to the distribution of wastewater sharud shakiar and said that the wastewater should be allowed to flow. He said that the wells should be covered well to prevent these species from breeding pylleng. .
Shillong, Lber, 23: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Thursday said that the State Government has tried to curb the illegal entry of foreign authorities to pave the way for the implementation of the Railway project in the state.
Thombor Shiwat, CEM, JHADC, said that during the meeting with Arjun Munda, they submitted a petition for the construction of the Jaintia Tribal Museum at a cost of T.103 crore. .
Shillong, Jymmang 7: The International Water Conclave was held at the State Convention Center Shillong on Tuesday with the Minister of Water Resources, Bah Coming One Ymbon as the chief guest.
Speaking to reporters, BJP Meghalaya President Shibun Lyngdoh said it was the mistake of Nalin Kohli who is in charge of Meghalaya to pursue a political policy by leaving the party. constituency.
Regarding the statement that the Sordar Shnong considers the Khasi Pnars foreigners, the village leaders said that the meaning of the word “nongwei” should be understood. I mean, I came from other villages.
On this occasion, Mr. Daniel Dan welcomed them and gave them the words to work with the Congress Party which is a strong party and rules the state for the benefit of the state and the people. Simeon Suting and Heimon Phawa explained the party's policies to provide the best service to the people of the state and the country as a whole.
The Government has also decided to ban public meetings including social/religious/political meetings from 1st to 10th June 2021 throughout the state.
The number of cases in India has risen to 59,662 and the death toll to
The number of cases of Covid-19 in Assam has increased in recent days and these people are linked to the Nizamuddin Markaz.
KSU Laskeiñ Circle under the leadership of its President Balawantei Suchiang on Monday inspected the bill light payment point of the residents of Iooksi village and found several errors in the bill light payment method of MePDCL of Khliehriat Sub-Division.
The people also elect their own free will according to their own will.
Malabika has written to the government authorities in the state government and also to the central government urging that this place should be preserved as it is by recognizing it as a special place. you don't have to worry about this place.
The list also includes the names of those youths who have been newly added to the voter list.
“The voters of Nartiang Constituency are geniuses because they will give me their full support and win me back in
Panaji, July 17: The All India Hindu Convention, organized by the Hindu Janaja Gruti Samiti, today demanded the closure of Christian schools in Panaji. Goa and admitted that Christian schools in the state do not allow Hindu students to follow their religious practices.
The state has 21.11 lakh voters till last month and of these 10.68 lakh are women.
“As one of the leaders in the government today I called for a meeting with them in the presence of the Addl.Chief Secretary in charge of the Education Department in the state. They as leaders and even the Prime Minister has already promised to the teachers in Garo Hills that the government will ensure to implement their demands to increase the grant so that the Managing Committees can increase their salaries.
“We don't want to deprive people of their livelihoods, seven livelihoods should be earned in a way that the passengers should also be safe,” he said.
Most of these cows were intended to be smuggled to Meghalaya, where they were arrested and investigated.
The Forum asks, “Doesn't the Council have the information or documents that the Forum requests, or do you have access to the Forum? The reply from the C.E.M and Dy.C.E.M was, “Yes, they don't have proper and clear records and that is why the Council cannot issue an RTI report.
They know that and that is why they are taking advantage now that the government is led by Conrad K Sangma to do whatever they want,” said Dr Mukul.
It was announced that the day of the Lord would come when the Lord would cleanse the sins of the Israelite priests and the Temple.
Besides this, Aamir also wants the stars of the industry to take seriously the industry to promote the industry.
There are 10 recoveries from the disease.
The East Khasi Hills Police Department has urged the public to refrain from traveling in these areas and on these roads except for emergency reasons.
With the addition of new players, Maymol is confident that it will help for other players.
This island is the most isolated and lonely.
You need to eat the fruits that you can get according to the season including jhur sla jyrngam, jhur that you can get according to the season, motors, rymbai, among others.
In the 4x50m freestyle relay, the winners were Shella Team, Meban & Mawkyrwat Team, while in the 50m freestyle, Banpynshngain Syngwan, Rangkynsai Myrthong and Mebankitbor Banai were the winners.
Shillong: The Sadar Police Station on Tuesday lodged a complaint against the contract teachers who held a march from Mot Kiang Nangbah to the Secretariat gate on the 6th of this month.
The film is produced by ZoeGuite Mawthoh and directed by Munish Singh.
He said that the people before electing their leaders should think carefully especially in relation to the election promises whether they can fulfill them or not.
The MUPSTA leaders said that at present, in order to be a temporary assistance, the union has demanded that an additional T.3,000 should be allocated along with the T.9,000 to the teachers of Upper Primary and to be implemented since last year as it was done for Secondary and Higher Secondary School teachers.
Another problem that has affected the synsar planting is that many of the tympew and sohmrit trees have started to wither during the rainy months (from September-October). caused by excessive moisture stress.
Rangdajied United Football Club have won their first I-League 3 tournament organized by the All India Football Federation (AIFF).
Also present on the occasion was the Director of Agriculture, Vineet Kumar Verma who said that the central government has directed that the schemes should be implemented properly and expedite for the benefit of the farmers.
Therefore, the Committee requests all the teachers to join the organization as the preparations for the Jubilee are in full swing.
Because the shape of that mountain was like a human head that was frightening to look at.
In the field of khadar rule, it has been seen that those who are braver are those who come forward, those who have more, those who have the spirit of service and those who have a goal. Because the age is one of LOVE, HONOR AND SELF-LOVE, just to save ourselves, even RIGHT AND TRUTH have been sold, other things have fallen into trouble and suffering.
In the past few days, the Deputy Commissioner of Gauhati has arrested many smugglers in Gauhati.
Revelation 20:4 “And I saw thrones, and they sat upon them, and judgment was given unto them.
In a statement sent by the President of the MPYC, Bah Adrian L. Chyne Mylliem, he said that Charles Pyngrope, who was also the former Speaker of the State, does not understand the words. suspended and expelled.
It is alleged that after they had finished shooting and started to return to the village, the same man along with three others came and stole the keys of the car and 7,000 rupees. amount.
The cleanliness of the air until children are free from disease.
East Khasi Hills Iewrynghep Sec School beat West Garo Hills by seven goals. The goals were scored by Ibalari Nongrum (2 min), Ibashembha Khongsit (4.29 min), Nongsiej (33.58 min), Larihun Songthiang (55 min), Melari Lyngdoh (59 min).
“We would like to inform you that out of the 10 demands of the Karbi Pnar Khanduli Region from the Assam government, one of them is to set up a Police Outpost at Khanduli and also to set up an SBI Branch at Am-ih. Pnar knows how to Um-Ih.
Sangma was also the Chief Minister of the state in 1988-9
With the best intention to be a way to serve thousands; the opportunity to explain to the public the purposes of how to bring about the best governance; elections have now become battlegrounds – win me or win you! The places of competition – I am strong and you are strong; I have more money to break and distribute than you.
The price of kubi, sohsaw in Iewduh has dropped due to the arrival of foreign jhur and another due to the poor condition of the road in Jaintia Hills where vehicles carrying jhur have stopped. From this state, they went to Silchar, Assam.
Secretary HYC WKHD, EC members of Raidmynsaw Hima, leaders of Langpih Women's Wing and others who discussed the same issue.
