Shillong, Lber 7: On the 5th November, 2015, a foreign woman, Beth Hume, went missing in the Umngi River at Phlang Wanbroi, near Mawsynram (East Khasi Hills). The body of the victim was found even though the residents of the area had been searching for her for many days.
During the inspection, the BJP found that all the preparations are in place for Modi's visit tomorrow.
Chennai beat Shillong Lajong 1-0
On the other hand, he said the government has postponed the reply till July
He promised that from now on, this issue will be taken seriously and to urge the SHGs to have a relationship with the women and young girls to avoid the use of drugs.
According to a statement issued by CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing, the DTO has been granted five days bail which expired on 3rd June 2016 and until 5th June, 2016, the IO ( The Investigating Officer of the case and the PI (Prosecuting Inspector) did not inform the Court of the status of this order on 3rd June 2016 and this was informed to the union by the IO and PI Jowai. today in Jowai.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Mukul Sangma expressed his satisfaction to see that the state has been able to open another power plant, which will also be of great benefit to the people of the state. h entire.
The meeting was attended by the VDPs of the villages from these areas, as well as the elders of the villages.
Following the complaint of the family members of the abducted woman, other relatives of the abductee have lodged a complaint at the Phramer Traffic Cells and so far there have been five cases against him.
The Minister said the Cabinet has also discussed the need to set up Police Stations in Ribhoi District especially in the border areas with Block II, where there has been a proposal on this.
Before concluding the interview, Rupang asked Pastor NS Phawa whether he will attend the meeting at Madan Student tomorrow.
The Common Minimum Program for the next five years should be released as soon as possible because five years have passed without seeing any work to build the country and to the people of this state.
After this, they killed her and threw her body on the road and her body was found this morning by passers-by.
He said that NEIGRIHMS hospital is a responsible hospital and they do not send their staff without checking their health.
He demanded that the government should pay compensation to the family members of the deceased.
Not only that, in various school textbooks written by our brothers and sisters, they add that in Meghalaya there are Khasi, Jaintia and Garo and school children have to be allowed to leave. teach like that and to write like that in any parts and not to talk like that.
Speaking to reporters during his visit to the state, Patel said that in the government led by Dr Mukul Sangma as Chief Minister, the NCP has not given any ministerial post. Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives.
“It is not only the management of MCCL that is not efficient in its operation but even the company that operates it is not efficient at all. Titos Chyne speaking to reporters.
On the no-confidence motion and the allegation by Bah Bajop Pyngrope that the CEM has taken many issues alone without the participation of the MDCs in the UDA, he said that the He said that the allegations are unfounded as the decisions taken were taken in consultation within the Executive Committee and he said that this no-confidence motion is a sham.
The union demands that the authorities should take the necessary action against the company and if they do not, the union will take action itself.
There they began the ritual, in which the Syiem Sad gave the khra jyndem (Iad Um) to Sobblei to thank and worship the “Lei Shyllong”.
This step was taken after witnessing the severe impact of the Myntdu River and its tributaries due to soil erosion and waste disposal in the main catchment areas (Ki Shnat Wah) of the river. .
And he healed all that were sick” (Matthew 12:15).
It also comes from the spirit of peace and the spirit of peace.
“The venue for the public service on Sunday is more hilly, so we request you to bring books or clean clothes.
The management relied on the star to win the match against Deepti Sharma.
It is the right of the elder to hold the tribe.
The two-day program will include exhibitions by scientific organizations, speeches by experts, participation in science experiments, science model exhibitions by schools. Eco-Club, video screening on indigenous technologies, science skits, puppet shows and other competitions like painting, extempore speech, open quiz, and others.
The Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, Giri Prasad, said that a complaint has been lodged in Ri Bhoi District since the day the child went missing. A team of Ri Bhoi Police has also recovered the child from Morigoan and handed him over to his family members in Umling.
And there is no such thing as hunger in our town.
When we look at other nations, we see that they have improved and this is a threat to the nation, because if it continues like this soon we will be the last in all aspects because of education. Shillong, Lber 01: The Meghalaya Clean and Green Organization (KSU) has urged the Meghalaya Clean and Green Organization (KSU) to All residents of Meghalaya should be vigilant when walking and not to throw cigarettes or tobacco when walking in the forest areas as it can cause fires.
Jowai, Nailar 10: The annual Lehñiam Behdeiñkhlam of the Seiñ Raij Ialong has come to an end on Friday with the participation of the children of the Seiñ Raij and various villages.
Thousands of commercial taxis operating in Shillong took part in the flag raising ceremony and carried passengers from different parts of the country.
There was no injury.
Tongkhar said that according to the target, the number of households has increased from 5.89 lakh to 6.30 lakh households.
When asked by reporters whether she would marry Rahul Gandhi, she quickly replied, “Yes, why shouldn't I?
Mukesh Rai scored 54 runs from 34 balls while Akash Cleg Dutta scored 33 runs from 36 balls.
On the other hand, the BJP has strongly criticized the AAP government for trying to profit from the price of piat, as the price it receives from the Indian government, The price of rice is T.15.90 per kilo, while the price of rice is T.23.90 per kilo.
Two minutes later, Eiladki added their second goal.
Former Manchester United striker Paul Pogba has been suspended for four years for drug use.
Padu SS beat Adventist ATS School 5-0
Rangdajied United FC from Shillong and Khliehmawlieh Youth Club from Nongstoin West Khasi Hills have achieved their goal of reaching the final of the tournament. He said that the final was fair and fair.
In an interview with some of the friends who are HIV positive, they said that in recent months there has been a shortage of medicines especially for children and young people.
“We haven't announced the candidates yet,” said Hek.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest said that he sees the shortcomings of the Siejlieh Square in many areas and what Bah Vincent Pala MP Shillong Seat has promised to donate 5 lakh tyngka, will be followed up by the Siejlieh Square. u im mar mar, so that it will be for the benefit of the youth and the whole village.
The first one happened in May 2020 and I got to talk to the organizers a few times and I see like it stopped for a while, but also now this July I got back to I have tried to contact the management of the school but I have not been able to do so.
On his part, he stressed on the need to change our minds, to be obedient and trust in God because life without God is useless.
Khliehriat March 2: As part of Swachhta Hi Seva 2022, Swachh Bharat Diwas was celebrated in East Jaintia Hills District. The theme of the program was to urge all the residents to take part in the activities of Sharmdaan.
Twenty wickets were lost on the day and all of them belonged to Meghalaya.
Therefore, before accepting or rejecting any statement, it should be carefully examined in appropriate and thorough terms.
Rev. TB Philip told Rangbah WR Laitflang about Thomas Jones, “The desire of Thomas Jones is that the Khasi should understand the Gospel in their own language, before they can accept it".
In reply, Bihar tied 80/2 for 45 runs after the umpires stopped them twice.
Therefore, the employees demanded that the office of the MD of NHM should not count the salaries of the employees and that the MD should revise the final draft relating to the employment and their wages.
The candidate said that the people are happy and now they have received the fertilizer which others say cannot be obtained.
He said the injured were taken to the District Hospital in Raga and then shifted to a hospital in Itanagar for better treatment.
However, this constant power outage especially at night has put the students in trouble.
He left behind many youths who had gone to Garo Hills and South West Khasi Hills with the weapons he had given them”.
She said that those who went there found that the food they had cooked had not been eaten because it was known that they had not eaten a little of the khiew they had cooked, while the jyntah that cooked the tit was there.
Nongpoh: The Dorbar Shnong Nongpoh, has decided to revive the Community Covid-19 Management (Community Covid-19 Management) after four people from Nongpoh Village have tested positive for Covid-1 The Committee, which is also part of the DC's directive, has urged all the villages in Ri Bhoi, to revive these Committees, in order to prevent the rapid spread of the disease. the Covid-19 pandemic.
The court has directed the government department in charge of the case to send a copy of the notice to the NGT court in Kolkata.
Nongstoiñ, 07 Nailur:“When Bah Hoping was alive, many people didn't listen to his speech, but they laughed at him and many even left the party, but in the end he 2015 they began to turn to his foundations, whether in the land, the forests, the waters, the rivers, the music, the dress and now they began to praise him again because he has “It's a strong foundation,” said Bah PN Syiem, Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills District Council.
“At present, the government has two major schemes for the district including the cultivation of shynrai and sying in the district.
There are 24 cases in East Khasi Hills, 14 cases in West Garo Hills and others.
"We are very happy after she has qualified for the Ranji Trophy, which is the biggest cricket tournament in the country," Naba said.
“On behalf of the Foundation, we would like to apologize to Phermeki Salahe and his family members for any mistake and our regret. Phermeki's post in his own game and so we wanted to help him to fight until he reaches his goal and our post on Facebook should not insult him Samla Phermeki but to encourage other players to come forward and as the Foundation, our goal is to help and support those in need, the Foundation has decided to support Samla Phermeki Phermiki Salahe and now we stand on the same basis and we are ready to help Bah Phermiki Salahe as we have promised,” said the statement from the Kyrmen Foundation.
It is unfortunate that in this business license there are many obstacles and challenges that should be addressed.
The king of Israel was defeated by the woman Jezebel, who led him astray to worship Baal, or idols, and brought hundreds of prophets of Baal and Asherah poles.
He left the field in the first half and this has caused many to doubt his health.
The management of the Private Ayurvedic Medical College, Meghalaya, on Tuesday announced that it has been authorized to operate the Private Ayurvedic Medical College at the University of Science and Technology, Meghalaya. Chancellor, Mahbubul Hoque, Vice Chancellor, Prof. GD Sharma, students, doctors and management officials attended the ceremony at the Central Auditorium of USTM. of the university.
“I would like to point out that the news that he will contest from the two constituencies of Mawphlang and Mairang where he is now an MLA is wrong,” he said.
Both of them are currently in custody.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that it is true that there is a shortage of corona injections in the state and this is not only in Meghalaya but in the country as a whole. The Government of India is looking into the matter and has also discussed with the pharmaceutical companies.
This happened on Tuesday at Wahliewlong village, Mawtraishan constituency.
While the Dkhars who came to live here are not seen wearing Khasi jaiñ sem except for some Nepali Khars who wear jain kyrshah for their own convenience.
The phrase that permission should be obtained from the Governor before passing any law is not mentioned in the Sixth Scheduled,” said Bah Pynshngain.
The principle of authority goes hand in hand which means that the husband is above his wife, he sees the respect of the family and there is respect, forgiveness and mutual understanding.
Let us work hard not only in this MDC election, but let us continue to work for the good of the community and the constituency as a whole,” said Bah Shangpliang.
The sacrifice of those elderly, women, youth and children during those years of tyranny makes us realize that we should be the guardians of freedom.
One of the rituals held during this month was the Kñia Khang which is a sacrifice of thanksgiving to the Blei Shnong Blei Raij who stand to protect and protect the village from the evil, the smeh, the tyrut and the smer. They came in various ways including Mookhai, Mooralong, Moosniang, Mootong together with the Syiem of Myntdu who is the river that surrounds Jwai.
If a member of the Nongrum Kur joins any synjuk, it is his or her own business and cannot be accepted as the leaders of the Nongrum Kur.
The Waheh Shnong also recalled the same incident which happened in 2003 when the bloodthirsty Assamese killed six children of the village and this time too such an incident has happened again. in Mukroh village with the loss of up to three elders of the village.
The fire destroyed all the furniture and other belongings of the house.
The Warsan Lyngdoh Area Rangbah Shnong Union (WSU) has also decided to urge the government to expedite the construction of the Kynshi Hydel Electricity Power Project Stage I which has been suspended for some time. that it should expedite the implementation of this work.
Pastor MJ Skhemlon 'It reminded me of the Jaintia Newspaper published in November 1949, November and Shortly 1949 and
Of these 122 cases, 8 cases in Laitryngew, 3 cases in Lyngkyrdem, 10 cases in Mawlai, 7 cases in Mawshbuit, 6 cases in Mylliem, 5 cases in Pynursla, 15 cases in Sohiong and 6 cases in Upper Shillong.
Out of these 46 candidates, about 30 candidates have the hope of reaching the goal,” said Bah Pala.
“Let this investigation end and we will find out more about what should be revealed to the public and we will know exactly who is in the house,” said Prestone.
“The amendment to the Constitution, as approved by the Parliament of Nepal, to amend the map of the country, is with the approval of two-thirds of the population,” he said. council.
Guest professional Sanjay Yadav scored 4/27 for Meghalaya.
If we know how to write the Devnagri alphabet alone, we can learn three to four languages ​​to read that are closely related to the Devnagri alphabet, such as Marathi, Kokani, Sanskrit, Gujarati and others. get 3-4 FREE.To give an example of the benefits of the Hindi language, the 'Father of the Khasi Nation' Babu Jeebon Roy Mairom (Bam Kwai at the door of God) has done great things for the Hindi language. With his knowledge of Hindi, Sanskrit, Bengali as well as his own language, he was able to translate various books into Khasi such as the Ramayana, Bhagwad Geeta, Ramcharitmanas written by Tulsidas and I have written many books inspired by the old books written by famous writers of India.
Inform them about many government schemes that they do not know about and therefore do not benefit from.
Also, two students who got Toppers in Botany and Mathematics, Salansi Pohleng (Bsc.
The Minister promised that the surrendered soldiers should not lose hope as the government will assist them with guidance in all aspects.
Guwahati: The Assam government has released a figure showing that the land grabbing in Assam has reached 69,010.82 hectares, of which the land has been grabbed by neighboring states.
The District Election Officer said that applications for postal ballots can be obtained from Form 12D which is for those with disabilities and those who are elderly. They must submit their forms to the Returning Officers before 5th June 2023 and must also submit their Disability Certificate under Section 2 of the Right of Persons with Disabilities Act The Level Officer (BLO) shall deliver Form 12D to those with disabilities and the elderly.
The Voice of People Party is the new political party to contest the MLA elections and has won from four constituencies.
The article concluded with a Bible quote from Luke 8:16-17 which says, “No man, when he hath lighted a candle, covereth it with a vessel, or putteth it under a bushel; but setteth it on a candlestick, that they which enter in may see the light.
Besides, Bah Syiem said that the FKJGP is deeply saddened by the death of a child who was born in the middle of the road due to a traffic accident during a fishing competition in Pamphyrnai yesterday. on November 16th.
Shillong, Lber: The Department of Information Technology of MLCU on the 23rd of this month held a Tech Fest Showcase Competition with the participation of many colleges to showcase their projects and experiences. that of them.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Dr HH Mohrmen outlined the activities of the organization such as FOCUS, Link Workers Scheme and others.
In this regard, the Minister said that he will take action on this issue and will discuss it at a meeting with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 25: The SSSM, South West Khasi Hills District, has congratulated all the students who are currently in the middle of the SSLC and HSSLC examinations. The SSSM congratulates the students of Mawlangwir and other villages to do well in their struggle so that they can reap the fruits of victory.
If the protocols are taken as the rules that the people will have to follow against the pressure and threats by the government authorities, it means that even the people who do not want to take the TIKA Covid- 19 also shall not take part in the election of the Leaders to the State Legislative Assembly at this time.
“Three commando battalions will be deployed in Karimganj, Hailakandi and Silchar to patrol the Assam-Mizoram border.
He said that the traffic police department is trying hard to curb the traffic jam as this has caused problems to everyone.
The lack of services provided by the company to the public has caused problems to those who use this simcard.
“Releasing the report, EAC-PM Chairman Bibek Debroy said, “The report is based on data.
On the following day, Tuesday, the last ceremony was held at the ground floor of the house where speeches were delivered by the Kur Ryngkhlem, Kur Phawa and Waheh Shnong A Lipon. and from Government LP School.
However, until now, they have not given any clear information.
According to these organizations, the government has taken this issue seriously and they hope that the first phase will be completed soon and then the second phase will be followed.
Shillong: The rainfall in the last 24 hours in Sohra has reached 201.6mm, while in the same period, from 8.30 am to 8 pm.
The district authorities of Ri Bhoi District have raided and destroyed the houses of those who tried to improve the Umroi Airport after receiving an order from the Court.
“The Chairmen of the two Regional Committees of Assam and Meghalaya will conduct a visit to Khanduli to resolve this doubt so that peace can be restored in the Khanduli area,” said the CM.
At that step, the mother realized that she was not allowed to leave the house that day.
According to him, this is not in line with the principles of democracy which we try to maintain from time to time.
The attackers also threatened the two men from Nagaland with severe action if they continue to sell food from the North East inside the city.
He also highlighted the positive changes that independence has brought about, in which those groups who have been oppressed in society have been given the opportunities and opportunities to lead as leaders in all fields. different types of work.
It is necessary to draw from the village languages ​​from all over the regions and villages in order to enrich the Khasi language and to include all the languages ​​in one central language.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that the amount of T.1,970 crore, including the allocation of T.173 crore for the MHIS program, is to improve and enhance all aspects of service delivery. Ministry of Health and Family Welfare for the year 2024-2
He said that the arrest of these illegal timber trucks was after the police received a tip that there were trucks carrying timber from Meghalaya to Assam. Police went to seize and question the documents, found that they could not produce the documents and this prompted the police to seize them.
“He said this as a Minister of State, at a meeting yesterday, at Balat village, when he went to see and find with their own eyes what the people of this village have done. The villagers have lost their homes and land in the past years due to the flooding of the Umngi River which passes through this village.
Nongstoiñ: The Mawshynrut Block Congress Committee (MBCC) has decided to send the name of Bah S. Rashir, President of the Mawshynrut Constituency, to be the candidate of the Congress party for the 20th Congress. The MDC elections will be held next year.
Shillong: On the evening of 1st June 2020, Miss Saphai was held in the presence of tens of thousands of people from all over the surrounding area of ​​Saphai. It is part of the unification of the young girls of the community as well as to develop the minds on how to know the society in the community.
Because the germs that come from this smoke, can enter directly into the lungs of a person when he breathes this type of air.
As school children or students who are preparing to lay the foundation for a bright future, we must break the struggle that pushes us to the top by being successful in our daily studies.
Bindo, who is also the working president of the UDP, said that according to the Constitution, the ADCs have their own power to pass laws under the Sixth Scheduled and they do not need to seek permission from the government or the government. u Lat the state.
Shillong, July 16 : The leaders of the Hill State struggle since 1968 onwards have expressed their regret that no one has recognized or counted their contribution and dedication. during the struggle for independence.
At the same time, she informed that Para Legal Volunteers (PLV) have been appointed to assist in explaining and teaching about their rights and to assist them in legal matters.
There are no barben forests anymore, but the places where there are no trees are still railung, even though there is still a lot of pomram (rep shyrti).
It is learned that there was no objection from the party in the MDC election where all the members of the Congress have approved the name of the party who has just contested the MLA election this year.
The Budget Session started on the 16th and ended on the 27th of June.
Tharoor said that although the word Bharat is in the Constitution of India, the name India has been used for decades and is known all over the world.
He also praised the teachers and alumni of Sngap Syiem College who have been involved in many activities within the college. that long work.
The program was also attended by the Waheh Chnong Bakur, said a statement from the Secretary of the Bakur Kur, Bah Jinesh Lamin.
Mohun Bagan, known as ATK or Atletico de Kolkata, has signed a contract with Spanish club Atletico Madrid but after three years, Atletico Madrid have split and taken a 25 percent stake. RPSG Group is not a member.
This was stated by the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Ainam Syiem, during his visit to the Quarantine Centers in the area.
To remain silent about these incidents is not good because it will encourage others with evil intentions.
He said that it was Syiem Sibsing who encouraged the Hima Nongstoin to open ME schools in Nongstoiñ and other parts of the Hima. In Nongpyndeng, the Syiem has been appointed to the IB of PWD through the MLA of Nongstoiñ, Bah Macmillan Byrsat.
Up to five CAPF personnel have been patrolling during the elections in Shillong to ensure the smooth running of the elections.
In relation to Primary Schools, whether it is possible to receive assistance from Khadc.
More than 23,000 residents have been forced to leave their homes; and there were also 54 people who lost their lives.
“However, as someone has said that we should not listen to the politicians because now they are talking about one thing and they are talking about another. I have a letter," he said.
The Seng Khasi, Kmie on Tuesday started by playing the ksing ka dhah as a sign of its preparation to hold the Shad Suk Mynsiem, which this time, this shad thanksgiving to God. The Lord will be held on the 10th, 11th and 12th of June
The goal was scored in the 10th minute by Dajiedlang Wanshnong.
She also expressed her gratitude to the Ramakrishna Mission for its services to the community.
On this occasion, Rev. Lanong quoted from 1 Peter 2:9, which highlighted the value of Christianity in these days.
Regarding the land tenure custom, the Union said that it is different from others because here, the land belongs to the private residents or to the group or to the Kur and not to the government. .
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, Livingstone Thangkhiew said that the Kur has found out through the Public Information Act, the illegal removal of the KHADC's recognition of the Seng of Thanksgiving.
Because their lives revolve around agriculture, even their festivals or celebrations depend on the main crop they cultivate.
The target is set for the first round, about 46,000 will be admitted.
He said that the group will appeal to the state government and also to the Governor to take action against the EC for not paying salaries to the employees for 10 months.
It is understood that these two MLAs will join the NPP led by Conrad Sangma.
On the VPP's claim that the Congress party is Team B of the BJP, Pala said these are the same allegations of the BJP. like the BJP".
Interestingly, Bah Titos Chyne CEM has informed the Government of Meghalaya that the District Council does not own land and cannot order the Hima, Villages and Townships on this matter, because the land is owned by them. and it is the Heads of Nongsynshar and Dorbar Shnongs who arrange the administrative affairs in their respective areas.
Khliehriat, November 30 : The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) has appointed Ayush Kumar as the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District in He applied for the Temporary Residential Certificate from Thangskai village which he also received the PRC in the same year and went to apply for the state quota for Meghalayans to study MBBS 2023-2 .
JSU Mynso Unit through President Marphilous Lamin and Pynhunmi Chen General Secretary have sent a letter to the BDO demanding the implementation of individual bank accounts of jobcard holders to pay their salaries. The union also said that the distribution of money through bank accounts is an order from the Central Government to avoid any problems. 100 days of corruption and loss of money of employees.
Those who came in the top 20 also received a special prize in the form of a laptop.
While welcoming the players at ISBT, Tura, the Meghalaya Grassroots Music Project performed a song for the tournament and to encourage the players to participate in the tournament. play well.
Bah Langdoh requested the government authorities to take action to find ways and means to provide assistance to the farmers affected by this incident.
Furthermore, the Ministry of Heavy Industries & Public Enterprises through a letter No. DPE-GM-/0001/2016-GM-FTS-5921 dated 17.10.2016 in point 2.3 on the same issue that the share of STs/SCs, are classified according to their paid status in the States or Union Territories.
Meghalaya has reached the final four or five years ago.
They were seized and brought to Phulbari office by a team that went to the scene.
Those who supported this went ahead, but did not come to that voice to understand.
He said that the farmers are the source of income.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its gratitude to the government for its initiative to invite more teachers to Rymbai Government Secondary School.
She is also a woman who has received the title of 'Pandita' or scholar of literature.
Iangjuh said that there are about 2,000 herbalists in the state, but only about 585,000 have registered to distribute equipment.
Jowai, November 17: The 3rd Sniawbhalang Football Tournament 2023 was held on Thursday (November 15) at Wahiajer Stadium.
The landslide hit the area hard when most of the tourists were near the snow-covered hills on sections of the Jawaharlal Nehru Marg that connects Gangtok to its tourist attractions. Tsomgo Lake and the Nathula border.
Their behavior destroys the mynder or the foreigner and there is no cure for the girls," because in the man, the main is manners and in the girls is the right of conscience.
“We have never experienced any case where members have rioted or marched to the constituency of the Iingdorbar by carrying placards except for the fleeing of members when they do not agree on any issue,” he said. added.
The exhibition was conducted by Mr Vezwuso Phesao, Exhibition Officer, NEZCC, Dimapur together with his family members from Shilpagram, Guwahati.
It is so that the poor will be deprived of what he doesn't have, while the rich will have more than what he doesn't have.
As the government we are trying our best to provide the necessary facilities to help us walk in the right direction and this building will be useless if it cannot be used in the right direction.
This was confessed by several who managed to quit.
After talks with the Magistrates, these youths were ordered to sit in front of the statue of Kiang Nangbah, near the Shillong Civil Hospital.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: After the National Green Tribunal has allowed the coal owners to sell their coal with the payment of tax before selling it, there has been another problem for the coal owners. Chairman Sonny L Khyriem and Secretary Mostophar Kharkongor said that the problem was caused by the coal miners' and dealers' forum. The error in the report of the NGT committee, in which the amount of coal that has been counted and announced differs from the amount of tax that has been paid.
For the BA (Pass) examination, 5,134 candidates sat and 3,718 passed, which is 72.42 percent.
KHANDULI: The State Government has signed a social agreement with the Central Government to build a State of the Art Diagnostic Center worth T. 20 crore at the Pasteur Institute, Lawmali in Shillong, said the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander Hek. .
In West Khasi Hills, there are still many places where the roads connecting one village to another are very poor.
The union said that it is on this issue that the Governor, on 31st June 2019, has referred the bill to the Council, saying that it violates Article 21 of the The Constitution of India and the SRT demand that the Governor should intervene, as it will affect those who take descent from their fathers and should be recognized as Khasi.
However, on the other hand, in the complaint filed by Anjela Jana, it was said that on 22nd March, at about 2 pm, while her brother Bah Espin Jana and Bah Kephas Jana were throwing dewbilat at A shop in Lower Mawprem near the residence of Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Bah Paul Lyngdoh and his guard, came and dragged his brother to the residence of the MLA and shot him and accused him. that he had deceived them by driving and driving all his own vehicles which had been severely deceived.
He said that he still has many dreams to bring about the needs of the people of Jirang Constituency which he cannot fulfill within five years, but if the people elect him again in this election 2023 he will There are also many development projects that are still needed in this Constituency.
That night, Bah Deng left until he had finished eating and drinking.
Speakers included former MLA Justine Dkhar, Spindro Dkhar, Tiberious Shylla, Ioanis Shylla, David Dkhar and others.
However, the Government of India does not agree and does not want to implement the EBFA/ILP in the Khasi Hills.
There are also those who take advantage of the month of December to collect Christmas money from visitors.
This course is essential for the Referees to improve.
The Sordars of these villages, with the support of the people from other villages, have lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills to take immediate action to stop the incident. or to suspend the Company.
1980 TATA 1210 S model. 1210 trucks 12 tons loaded by TATA. The Ministry of Transport has 25 percent 3 tons of boxes.
You have heard the speech of these lines before.
It has good facilities, many services such as warehouses, a restaurant, a place for tourist luggage and an electric substation, among others.
Also present on the occasion was Bah Lakador Syiem Commandant of 4th MLP Battalion as the Chief Guest and one of the officers who has contributed many good deeds for the village. Babu Sirian Wahlang, Sordar of Nongsohpian Village, elders and others.
Meghalaya has qualified for the Intermediate category.
Regarding this story, it is said that the separation between Kordorlang Shadap and his mother, was in 2005, when Kordorlang was about 3 or 4 years old, when His mother was also a worker in the Lad-Rymbai area and in the midst of poverty, her mother suffered a tragedy, in which her younger brother Kordorlang Shadap fell ill and died at the Civil Hospital. Jowai Hospital.
It wants to continue to dominate the land of the residents of Langpih area”.
Shillong, March 8: Qualified Grade IV Candidate 2011 students today launched an indefinite strike at the Indoor Stadium, Nongthymmai Bridge, Shillong to demand The Government should not appoint them before the end of the Extension.
This arrangement is not only for the benefit of the Shnong, but also for the benefit of the candidates in many areas, such as the cost of living and will also help them to get more jobs. “Only one candidate from each party will be allowed to speak on this day,” said Bamon.
Shillong, Nailur 21 : The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Friday met to discuss many issues related to the Special Session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). also for the Monolith Festival to be held in November this year.
Punjab are now top of Group B with six points from two games.
Speakers included the Secretary of the JNC Central Body, Samla Symboh.
Auditors Echwamitre Laloo and Datohthij Laloo, Advisors Chibor Najiar and Hamewan Laloo.
Referring to the allegation that he did not think about Mawlai, Process said, “The people of Mawlai know well who Pyndap is, and who Sawkmie is, he lives in Mawlai Nonglum. They are the Mawlai Nonglum of Bah Pyndap and Bah Sawkmie.
The funeral service will start at 12 noon from her residence, the body will be taken to Nangbah Dukhu Presbyterian Church at 1 pm and at 2:30 pm the body will be buried at the church cemetery. .
West Jaintia Hills won 23 medals including 14 gold, 6 silver and 3 bronze medals in the three-day tournament.
We have to be quick to make changes before many changes overwhelm us.
Low-nutrient foods can contribute to mental illness, fatigue and depression.
“At such a moment we don't have any other words, because the Creator knows better than all these things, but let us put together in prayer that the Lord God will comfort, cleanse and restore them. I am sorry for a family that has experienced such things.
“What Dr Mukul Sangma has done is wrong because I have not met him since the formation of the MDA government,” he said.
The report also reported that the greatest victory for Germany was at the 1936 Olympic Games in Berlin; said with an 8-1 col.
He said that India is like a beautiful garden with its own ethnic groups and also in religion and customs which is a democratic country. to be good to it, and to be one.
Donbok said the party has also met with the authorities of the Civil Hospital Shillong on this issue.
The new cases include EGH: 2, EKH: 23, WGH: 2 and WKH:
The Chief Ministers of Haryana, Himachal Pradesh and Punjab, the Administrator of Chandigarh, BSF, NIA and NCB officers along with ANTF chiefs from various states. Delhi, Chennai, Guwahati and Kolkata where Amit Shah will witness the ceremony through video conference.
Orlang Syngkli won the first place with a cash prize of T 3000 tyngka, Elison Gurung won the second place with a cash prize of T 3000 tyngka. Pynsuk Nongbah won the third place and received a cash prize of T 1000 tyngka.
Replying to a question by Sohra MLA Titosstarwell Chyne in the House, Dr Mukul said the four places to open the border market are at Bholaganj, Ryngku. East Khasi Hills, Malikata in South West Khasi Hills, and Shibabari in South Garo Hills.
“If the Emergency Medical Service in other States has been handed over to companies, why doesn't Meghalaya set an example to be the first State to run the Emergency Medical Service,” he said.
Da U – Sanborlang - Sanborlang Rally (Official Music Video)
Only the BJP government in Uttar Pradesh has prepared the Act and it is understood that the Central Government will follow the same Act.
The office bearers of Rotary Club Jowai for the 2022-23 term were confirmed by Rtn.
The Vice President of Invest India, Dr. Preet Deep Singh stressed on India's strength in terms of curcumin.
U Bah Alan as one of the promoters of tourism in the rural areas is also one of those who has taken the initiative to promote tourism in the Sohra area.
Twelve years later the same thing happened but in a different direction.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that there is no shortage of petrol and diesel in the state.
She said that about 50-60 doctors are still undergoing training with various specialists and those who have recently been appointed are still undergoing training.
Madonbai Rymbai said the employees of JHADC receive only 10 and 2 months salary instead of 40 months.
As the days go by, the exploitation of the workers has increased and now we have entered a new era of slavery.
Besides the residents who came to take part in this training programme, there were also Rangbah Shnong, Village Leaders and officers from various government departments who came to explain on many issues. to benefit from the government.
In West Garo Hills, there are 12 cases including 8 high risk cases, 2 cases from the Armed Forces and 2 cases undergoing screening.
After passing well in the classes and lower grades from the village school, he went on to continue his higher education at the Lutheran Mission School, Tiruttani.
However, the Name was given to the cities of the kingdom, not to themselves.
On the collection of taxes on agricultural products at the border, Conrad said the collection of taxes is not in Meghalaya, but may be in the jurisdiction of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council, which has its own authority.
He also has time to listen to the complaints of the patients and to work with them to provide the treatment they need.
Not only that, he drove quickly when he reached Umshyrpi Bridge to shake hands with about 3,000 people who welcomed him with bombs, ksing, traditional Khasi costumes and also along the way to Shillong. Civil hospital, IGP point, Secretariat road.
However, he did not specify whether this should be mandatory for teachers or only for those who wish (voluntarily).
Expressing his opposition, the DC said that the public hearing will continue as announced, but it is up to the people to decide whether they support or reject.
This consultation in four districts has brought to light the fact that people with disabilities do not want much mercy but what they want is to fulfill their rights. especially to achieve what they want in their own business.
“I think you know that the Government has set up the MSEC and this issue (confirmation) will be sent to the Commission.
A total of 31 students of the school have won medals, including 13 Gold, 8 Silver and 10 Bronze medals. Isakyrsiew Lyngdoh Peiñlang has also won the title of Best Athletes.
The Sengbhalang leaders in their speech strongly condemned this and urged the government to immediately arrest those involved in the shooting death of the five persons and to punish them according to the rules of law. At the same time, they demanded the establishment of a Police Out Post at Mukroh or Mukoilum.
It is a village blessed by the Creator in the beauty of the village, in the goodness of the villagers and blessed with the beautiful nature and surroundings, beautiful with the presence of lush forests ( even if they are no longer bright).
R.Kurbah is one of the women who sustained serious injuries to her hands and feet but mostly to the budlum as she was bombed and tied without forgiveness.
The government's lack of attention has left the residents of Khlieh Umwang without adequate roads, especially during the rainy season and especially during the illness. Even ambulance vehicles refuse to reach the village due to the poor condition of the road which makes it difficult for the children to reach the schools.
Meanwhile, on the night of the 15th, Emiki said that the household has been set on fire for more than a month now. The village has already decided to evict them from the village and the village has also rejected the family in all aspects even in the coming and going of commercial vehicles.
Samla Obinas Warjri from Pyndeng-umiong, Mairang has reached the final of the tournament but lost in the final against Mexico to win the silver medal.
The owner of Magic Cook is reportedly Sanjeev Bajoria.
He said that the Narpuh Reserve Forest has its own eco sensitive zone, inside the eco sensitive zone there are rules that can and cannot be mined, but if it falls outside the eco sensitive zone, sensitive zone, then the forest department will not be able to do anything.
He said that various aspects of children's rights are protected by the laws of the country.
Speaking on the issue of building public confidence in the Legislative Assemblies – the need to maintain discipline and dignity in Parliament and Assembly, the Lamphang stressed the need for Members of Parliament and Assembly to maintain the dignity of the House by obeying and acting in accordance with the rules and regulations.
Paul said that during the meeting, the Principal Secretary of the Social Welfare Department through a presentation explained how to proceed and how to resolve the issues related to the issues such as “At the meeting it was decided to have a Draft Guidelines which will be the rules or guidelines for these two departments to work together in the implementation of the MECDM for the benefit of the people. The target is that more than 1 lakh children will benefit from this,” said Bah Paul.
At this Dorbar, these laws were discussed and strongly condemned the violence of the Foreign Government against the citizens of the Hima.
In North Garo Hills, there are 3 cases of high risk.
If the landfill is built in this area, it will also affect the drinking water sources nearby and the households of the people.
and those who are in the midst are the people.
However, in the second half, Mawlai SC beat Nongthymmai SC 2-1
It takes less than 200 days for 10,000 new start-ups to join this recent system.
Furthermore, during the meeting, the MP promised to do his utmost to implement their demand.
Diwer Lamurong (5 years old) son of Dipherson Langwar and Youmila Lamurong together with their granddaughter Anisa Lamurong (3 years old) has been arrested. They were buried alive in the ground.
In connection with this incident, the BSF said that on 12th June 2024 at 4 pm a meeting was held at the office of SDO (Civil) Amalarem led by Dr Abhishek Saini, IAS. SDPO Amlarem Sub-Division, Dr Seiboklang Buam, SHO PS-Muktapur and BSF chiefs. this work.
What's the problem.
There may be mistakes but I feel that it is better to make mistakes than to accept guidance and guidance from others or to sit quietly and let things go wrong.
The letter, sent by Bah Roy Kupar Synrem, General Secretary, said that the Government of Conrad Sangma, despite the financial crisis of the State during the time of Covid-1 The Meghalaya Gaming Ordinance, 2021 has been passed.
The District Police Chief also expressed his gratitude to the people and the Village Defense Party, who have worked together in these few hours to search and arrest the suspect.
At the same time, they especially congratulated the Minister of Health & Family Welfare Department, Ampareen Lyngdoh, for the last meeting of the party on the 26th June, Among the issues raised by the union, the issues related to the setting up of Health Sub Centers in Jyllep and Mawhiang are among the top issues.
He said that as a young man, he wants the youth to spend their time in sports and other activities especially the students, because in this age of work. “Football has also become one of the ways to provide employment opportunities to the youth if they have a special talent in football,” he added.
However, it is interesting to hear that this child has fulfilled his duty in terms of education and has reached his goal.
This is a message to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and its employees, reminding them that one day they will be judged by God above for their deception in the name of Covid-1 “The truth is that even the Covid-19 pandemic doesn't exist at all, but only the cold, flu, fever which has been there since ancient times,” said Reality.
The market has been operating since November 2013 and at that time the Agricultural Marketing Board of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development has appointed the Iaijyrngam Society in charge of Mylliem and Block. Development.
Five persons were killed and one died in hospital when a Mahindra pick up collided with a truck (AS01LC 6357) on Saturday night.
It is interesting that the Congress party is now thinking of asking for the opinion of the people on the issues of the MP elections 2019 and this is a new idea of ​​the old party, in which it wants (perhaps) that the issues should be to come from the electorate and not from the heads of intellectuals or golden spoons, as BJP leaders used to accuse the Gandhi family.
The Executive Member in charge of Trade and Water Resources of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Rangkynsai Kharbuki told reporters on Friday. The Court Order has been sent to our office and after looking at the Court Order, we see that the complainant has the free right to close the nine shops after complying with the rules. under the Khasi Hills District Regulation (Trading by Non-Tribal) 1954 to non-tribal shopkeepers.
He said that in fact from the first step we have taken and decided that we have reached the goal of victory we should be in any government that will be formed because we see that the constituency of we are one of the most backward and in need.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, a woman who sells food in the shop, said that suddenly, while those who came to eat, the police came and detonated a bomb inside the shop.
This is the first time for Deol, who is a Bollywood star, to contest the Lok Sabha elections.
Replying to the announcement in the media, Education Minister Harjot Bains said, “All schools in Punjab will be closed until 26th July.
Shillong: About 12 MLAs from Khasi Jaintia and Garo Hills have sent a letter of resignation from the Congress party on the evening of 24th November 2021 to join the Congress party. The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) led by Mamata Banerjee, who is also the Chief Minister of West Bengal, has confirmed their departure from the party.
The Time of Trouble “Woe for the earth and for the sea, because the devil has come down to you, having great anger, knowing he has a short period of time” Revelation 12:1
He said that the Center has treated up to 22,000 people.
“We will show and explain to them and we want to get their opinion on this Bill,” said Bah Tynsong.
The union said that these Bangladeshis have been able to enter Meghalaya illegally through Khasi brokers who have guided them. They were sent to Umkiang Patrol Police Post and an FIR was lodged by the Secretary of Kuliang Village. They were accompanied by Samla Phanuel. Tongper, Environment Secretary, KSU EJHD and Kong Deiwi Tongper President, STIEH. “It is to be recalled that recently, the KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit through its headquarters KSU Khliehriat Unit has arrested 10 vehicles of Khar Bangla from Lumshnong after they escaped from the hands of the KSU Khliehriat Unit. These people were planned to be smuggled to Ladrymbai village and also these people were led by brokers who are not Khasi.
The ILP Act, dated 11.10.1875, was passed in accordance with the Government Order, dated 11.10.1875 in some parts of Assam and the rest of the country, which included Garo Hills, which is now part of Lakhimpur district. , Khasi Hills, Naga Hills and Lushai Hills districts, which are all under Assam in these years.
He urged the BJP not to mislead the people from the election campaigns by saying that FOCUS and FOCUS + are schemes of the Central Government.
MPCC Secretary Gabriel Wahlang, GS Nonglong Secretary Media Cell MPCC and Secretary West Khasi DCC also gave explanatory speeches on the achievements of Dr. BR. Ambedkar,” said Bah Nongum.
I'm sorry for you, but you have a beautiful wife and you don't deserve it,” said @sparshsaxena7
It is to be recalled that in the past few years, there has been a terrible incident in which dozens of people have lost their lives in the overturning of a bus passing through this road. the feast of Moses.
Lahore police have arrested 105 PTI members in connection with the attack on the Lahore Army Chief's residence and Askari Tower suspected to belong to the son of former Army Chief Gen. .
Lyngdoh said it is expected that the civil work, internal works and the supply of electricity will be completed before November.
She said that this shop is a source of income for the people of the state especially Shillong and is expected to be operational by June
However, he said that during the meeting with the DC of EJH to submit the petition, the Deputy Commissioner promised to the leaders of these three organizations that he will implement the petition as soon as possible. The JHADC has not yet been able to give permission or land for the construction of the Khyrdop.
He said that on receipt of information, police have arrested a robber from Shallang and the motorcycle has been seized from the scene.
This difference between love and others is experienced by all living things in this world.
“One is also because of the fear that they will be raped because they have been raped and thus they give birth at home.
The Supreme Court's decision on the reservation policy of Meghalaya will be completed after someone will file a PIL in the coming months.
Congress leaders Zodintluanga and Nihar Kanti Chakma, who are also former government ministers, were defeated from Thorang and West Tuipui constituencies.
Therefore, not all have seen the resurrection of Jesus, but by faith we know that Jesus has risen, by believing in the Word of God.
Only the great ones are the leaders and executors of all the works.
Noting that the recently concluded UGC NET (University Grants Commission National Eligibility Test) is a successful step in the recruitment of candidates in the state, the party leader said; “It is regrettable that the allocation of examination centers for the CSIR NET has deviated from the rules laid down by the UGC NET.
The Behdeinkhlam festival is held every year after the harvest and it is believed that through this festival one can drive away the demons, evils of all kinds from the society and also that the May God protect the precious creatures from all kinds of diseases that can strike the villages and towns under the raid of the country.
This year's festival will be held in compliance with the government's guidelines to prevent the spread of COVID-1
This Act, 1985, is very strict, because it prohibits those who seek to benefit and who violate the rule of law as it was before
Speaking to reporters, he said that various government departments in the state pay for the bailight and do not maintain it but what worries the MeECL department is that various companies, which have already paid for the bailight, use the bording without paying.
However, as this word carries a heavy meaning, we must have our own word.
Dr Julius Uchoi, Scientist NBPGR, Shillong, also gave a speech on the need for the conservation of underutilized fruit crops.
Before the semi-final, there will be a semi-final of the Mawryngkneng Super Cup between Pomlahier and Mawmang at 12 noon.
For more information please call 8131804743/8
but to watch from a distance the flames which burned and destroyed these two vehicles.
Regarding the infection of prisoners in Ri Bhoi District Jail, Hek said that up to 63 prisoners have been infected with Covid-19, but about 95% are in good health. They have not shown any signs of Covid-19 and have been set up as a containment area.
According to witnesses, the incident was more tragic, as the truck managed to hit the Maruti car and fortunately the driver managed to brake, which damaged the Maruti Car. from the side of the driver and while the driver was injured without serious injuries.
Therefore, if there is anything that violates the Motor Vehicle Act, they should be corrected and allowed to register or provide documents.
The HNLC urges the HC to immediately remove this illegal counting otherwise something worse could happen in public places in the future and the HNLC will not take responsibility.
The death toll has risen to three, of which two have not been injected.
The struggle in the nation today is a struggle not only in the way of thinking but also in the way of making decisions.
In the same way, the Hima Sutnga was established through the lineage of the queen of Li Dakha, but this too was abolished by the French.
“There have also been groups who have requested the court to allow them to continue mining, but the court has rejected that request,” Mukherjee said.
Moreover, this is a central area of ​​Kolkata and hence, the total revenue generation we have lost is a lot".
The bottom line is that the voters will not be confused if the MDA nominates only one candidate from Shillong seat and one from Tura seat.
However, the HYC has come to help from the bottom of its heart and not to expect anything from you”.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest gave his words of encouragement to the youth of the church and said that the youth are the future of the society so they should take care to work together with the authorities and become who understand and unite in any desire to do a good job so that the job will be successful, also urged the office bearers to be doing the right job to get reach the thong.
Two of the injured policemen are still being treated at the Civil Hospital in Tezpur while the others are being treated at the Guwahati Medical College and Hospital (GMCH).
Ri Bhoi Police on Tuesday seized 14 boxes of soap containing heroin from a Maruti Alto while conducting a search at a check point near Byrnihat police outpost.
“If we say that the Voting for Demand for Grant can be done before the reply of the Minister of Finance, it means that this reply of the Minister at the end of the budget discussion is meaningless,” he said.
Four children reportedly escaped while another was killed in the blast.
The 'Jngi Shiteng Synñia' is also part of the welcome to the New Year 2024 along with the prayer to the Lord to give us the strength to fight against the challenges we will face in this New Year.
A 6-year-old child has also been confirmed positive for Covid-1
However, thanks to the efforts of the MLA, the C&RD block has been transferred to Wa Pung.
Prestone said that before convening the All Party Meeting, the government will hold a meeting of the MDA groups after the Cabinet meeting.
The KSU said that all these factories have been built in residential areas and have affected the health of the people because these factories have acted improperly by burning coal and producing smoke. affecting all citizens and the natural environment.
Hebrews 9:27.
Conrad said the manner in which the Bill was introduced this time was different by calling for talks with the opposition groups, and this call by Amit Shah shows that the Indian government understands and thinks for the people of the area before implementing this Bill by introducing changes that will not affect the people.
And because iniquity shall abound, the love of many shall wax cold.
In this regard, MEPA urges the HNLC to understand all the facts as mentioned above especially that the media has to follow the rules of law according to the order of the court, said. Shillong: After a statement issued by the General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), Bah R Monarch Shabong, General Secretary, MEPA, Saiñkupar Nongtraw where the party has warned the media in the state not to publish any statements of the party regarding the curfew.
This year, the FATHER MAVELY GOLD MEDAL and SHRI JN BAWRI MEMORIAL GOLD MEDAL were also awarded to the students who have excelled not only in their studies but also in their social activities. commitment).
The UDP has improved from 7 to 11 seats, the PDF has dropped to 2 out of 4 seats and the HSPDP has remained the same with only 2 seats while the Congress has won only 5 seats and The TMC has 12 ready-made MLAs from 12 to
We have also provided security to them," he said.
The arrest of three suspects involved in the smuggling of wildlife and the seizure of an Indian Pangolin ( known as Rbai in Pnar) and 1.20 Kg of snow.
Ah! In our time, where can we go to spend so much money when even T100 tyngka is difficult to see or get?” said the mother in a low voice.
Some say that this is the way the goats do, but others believe that this is a sign of great danger to humanity in the world.
“We demand that the government should provincialize only the teaching profession and not the schools,” said Bah Nongsiang. .
Speaking briefly to Samla Toiaibha, she said, “As a schoolgirl, I used to participate in the NCC Cadets, and it was here that I started to enjoy shooting.
“We expect a change in the way the government works.
The most important thing is that you don't use the letter " ï " and " ñ ", then there are words that should be only one word but you divide them into two words...for example, demand is not demand, remind is not remind ...these words jing, pyn cannot stand alone in the Khasi language.
From 1907, after marrying an American mother, Miss Evalyne Nichols, he changed his name to James Joy Mohon Nichols Roy.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Shillong, on Saturday, 4th July 2024, the family members said that at first they wanted to talk to the village authorities. They didn't have the opportunity to talk and not only shot and tied but also used to shoot with a jri.
The transfer fee for players is 300 tyngka per player and the deadline is 14th October,
Police of West Khasi Hills District, West Khasi Hills District, today arrested five GNLA assistants who were operating in many places in Shallang area. to monitor the movements of the police so that they can inform the GNLA cadres who are hiding in the forests.
The program was attended by BJYM President Siddhartha Ankur Baruah, General Secretary Tridibjyoti Moran, Jila Probhari Biswajit Khaund, BJYM Lakhimpur District President Pijush Baruah. Phanidhar Baruah, Lakhimpur MLA Manab Deka along with party leaders.
And when they had eaten, they all drank together.
There are 24 households in the Miao farm, but the 13th household is the largest.
Finally, I would like to say that how we can be successful in fighting this invisible enemy is 'let us love ourselves and respect others'
Wallang said the Basin will look for ways to improve the quality of fish and to get them an FSSAI certificate.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 31: After the opening ceremony of the District Council Courts in Nongpoh, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne CEM of KHADC, said that the main task of the KHADC in Nongpoh is to collect Professional Tax from the people. but the Council also has the intention and thought to expand and deliver other departments for the convenience of the people.
He said there were four of them and they were from West Bengal and did not have any documents to prove.
just wanted tip.
When we read the messages spoken from the Word of God, let us ask ourselves individually, how are we, how do we live, the Word of God calls us to repentance and holiness, from these two parts, relating to eternal life... AMEN...what does hagios, shadrack mean from the word of God?.
He said that the installation of the camera project around the area will help the people and urged the various departments to use it so that the people can enforce the law themselves.
“What made me vote for the BJP is because it is only the BJP which is like a tree and other parties are like branches and when we want development, We should not join a party that cannot bring us development”.
The availability of Career Counseling will help them to understand where to apply and what kind of jobs are more likely to be available.
Therefore, in protest against the spread of garbage at the garbage dump, the Union of Phra Shnongs has given 1 month to the government and the Nongpoh Town Committee to take action against the garbage dump. The Union of Phra Dorbar Shnongs in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnong Umshangling, has decided not to allow the dumping of niut in the village, he said. added.
Besides the awarding ceremony, the NWDM and MACS also provided training to the women on health and safety at work for the benefit of all.
Speaking briefly on the party's situation in Jaintia Hills, Kyrmen said that history will happen again like in the last elections, that the UDP will win in all the constituencies. to come.
Laitlynting Youth Association is the defending champion of the IIIRD UUP Football Invitation Tournament. The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that his party has joined the coalition government of the MDA to ensure a stable government and to enable the government to fulfill its duties.
In the first semi final, Jaraiñ FC beat Iatyllilang FC Wapung 3-1
If a special session is not held, these parties, especially the Opposition, will mislead the people and the people will believe even if it is not true.
Everything we eat and drink, from the water we drink to the vegetables, fruits, vegetables, rice to the meat, contains all the chemicals. From the water, the air, the The soil, the shyiap and the environment have all become polluted and bih due to the excessive use of pesticides.
He added that the roster system is an important issue that affects the residents, especially the Khasi-Jaintia region.
An unmanned deep-sea robot used on a Canadian ship was found dead on Friday morning.
The order also lifted the closure of the house of Hrishikesh Chakravorty, Burnside, near Sankardev Girls Hostel, Rilbong, from today.
He said that without MLAs, it is difficult for the party to continue its work.
During his visit, he met with the Union Minister of Finance, Nirmala Sitharaman and informed her about the impact of the floods on the state and urged her to provide special financial assistance to the state. .
I will direct the Finance Department to put this forward so that we can pass it in this dorbar and the NEC will get a lot of money,” said Meghwal.
The issue they put forward was regarding the ambulance vehicles which are now in danger. In this regard, the government will look into it. Ambulance vehicles should be running and the maintenance of the vehicles should be done by the company or the government.
In the synsar hills, it has also been found that the snake and the dkhied eat the synsar trees by digging holes and making crematoria underground.
The award ceremony will be held at the Dorbar Dong Nenggate on the 31st July at 1 pm.
Two of the deceased were identified as (L) Zahidul Islam and (L) Jamor Ali.
Anupam feels that if the film had a good story it wouldn't have faced such problems and maybe it would have made money at the box office.
The Court said that the MUDA officials were involved in the construction of houses beyond the MUDA limit and directed the CBI to conduct an investigation into the MUDA officials. and said that they should not be allowed to go unpunished by the law.
The Chief Secretary, State Government, has directed the Deputy Commissioners to issue such instructions in their respective areas.
As I have run the shop, I have understood that my own work is precious and honorable.
Shillong, Jymmang 31 : The High Court of Meghalaya has ordered the state government to build a Bailey Bridge to connect Sonapur and Borghat on the Bangladesh border. the central government and others are ongoing.
The price hike is believed to be due to the upcoming state assembly elections in Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Telangana and Mizoram and will affect the government's budget by up to T.10,5
The union also concluded that such incidents have happened from time to time, and the union also suggested that the BSF troops in these villages should cooperate with the authorities of the BSF. you shnog.
KSU NEHU Unit General Secretary Shibaitlang Rymbai said that NEHU is in urgent need to appoint teachers as the students are facing problems due to the vacancy of teacher posts. .
)Ka prayerMy shortcomings are many, I don't understand many, But you, Lord, fill me, With your blood I cleanse.
Suklang Dkhar, General Secretary of the Meghalaya Roll Ball Association, has been invited to take part as an official in the World Cup.
Regarding the election of MLAs in the State especially between the MLA Bye-Election of the 3 (Three) Constituencies, the AIM Meghalaya State Unit has sent a letter to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. A petition to the Election Commissioner of India (ECI), Delhi as well as to the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of Meghalaya to inform the truth of the people according to the right of the people to vote in the to vote (Right to Vote) for what they deserve as it should be clear in all respects.
In conclusion, he said that the JSM will continue to serve the people in all areas.
On the other hand, Babu Moris Lyngdoh said that the elders came to support Bah Teibor Pathaw because they saw the future of Mawlai and especially the future of the youth of Mawlai.
In Labang area, the cultivation of Khniang ryndia is also one of the income generating activities of some households, where Khniangryndia is sold to Khanduli Market, Umpawiang, while Skop (Sop mangia) is not sold to Khanduli Market, Umpawiang. Jaintia Hills Meghalaya and market operators to Hamren Karbi-Anglong Assam.
He said that now is the time to change 'A will stand for employment, 'B will stand for business opportunities and 'C will stand for connectivity to work together' .
With a score of 116 runs in the first innings, it was a small target for Meghalaya which managed to score 304 runs in the first innings.
Cricket Lovers beat Cricket Smit by six wickets. Cricket Smit, who also won the toss, elected to bat first and scored 129 runs for the loss of five wickets in 20 overs.
The funds were distributed to four NGOs to conduct various programs for school children, youth and the public.
Rida's mother became more and more angry, while Rida became more and more angry.
“Five people, including four farmers and four others inside the vehicle, were killed after the vehicle hit the farmers,” said Arun Kumar. Singh, Additional SP, Lakhimpur Kheri.
The court has now empowered the Governor to take a decision and take the necessary action to remove the membership of those MLAs who have been charged in the case. because they hold a moneymaking office.
In the second half, Lawsohtun scored one goal in the 50th minute and Lawmali scored four goals in the 63rd, 79th and 82nd minutes.
In the past few days, we have seen the visit of the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma and his delegation, which includes the Ministers of the State Government, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, u Mr. Banteidor and Mr. Sniawbhalang Dhar.
Shillong, July 20: When employees of the Nirmal Bharat Ahiyan (NBA) went to Lum Wahniai to provide clarification, police said they have launched an investigation into the complaint of the MP. It is reported that many of the residents have refused and accepted that it is just a nuisance, after the There is a law in the village that each household must build adequate outdoor areas as stipulated by the NBA. It is not only to increase the number of jobs, but because the law has been passed in the village, everyone has done whatever they want to do only to fulfill their duty.
If everyone would repent our country and the whole world would be healed.
Shillong: Mawryngkneng Police in collaboration with the Anti Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) have arrested three persons involved in drug trafficking including Mrinal Kanti Das, 31, resident of Mawryngkneng. Rakesh Barua, 26, and Moitre Barua, 44, residents of Bishop Cotton Road, Shillong.
Members of the Shillong Press Club on Saturday held a condolence meeting on the passing away of journalist Ronaldstone Syiem from West Khasi Hills District.
Only one supporter of the Candidate is allowed to speak before the Candidate.
Jashodaben has now retired from teaching and is living a quiet life in her village.
Despite opposition from all sides, the construction of a casino in Jorabad, Ri Bhoi District has progressed.
“Ka seng will seek a report from the district headquarters and after that, it will punish those involved in these illegal activities,” said Bah Mawrie in a statement.
MEPA in this meeting expressed its gratitude to Bah Tynsong for his promptness in resolving the issues faced by the media in relation to these two issues.
The objective of this program is to explain and educate the Principals, Headteachers of schools on the role of school authorities in relation to children with disabilities (CWSN) and also Special on the Rights of Children under the RPWD Act
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Lyngdoh said that the main objective is that once the teachers have completed the course they can open units in their schools with the cooperation of the entire school.
“This year, the theft has been very high during these months, where the thieves have been stealing, stealing electrical wires and using stones to break the wooden doors of shops. “It is true that the thieves dared to steal at 8 pm and set up their stars as porters in Ïewduh so that they would not be suspected, but they stole and carried away the goods from the shops,” he said. Mrs. Good.
Speaking to u SP East Khasi Hills Davis NR Marak, he said that several complaints have been received against the suspect and police are investigating the case. you are not sure what you are posting on Facebook.
Prizes were also awarded to the winners of the March Past where Little Star Secondary School, Lad Rymbai won the first prize, Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya (JNV), Rymbai won the second prize and Khliehriat Higher Secondary School, Khliehriatres District came third in the tableau exhibition. The office of the District Rural Development Agency (DRDA) came third. Agriculture Department) has come to two.
It is for this reason why the Khasi does not have a political party in the Khaddar rule and those who are not right or wrong on any issue before spreading or spreading in the Durbar; they called them 'the ksew u Jom': they believed firmly that only the decision of the council was a rebellion.
The court sentenced him to imprisonment for 10 years and a fine of T.20,0
Students and teachers of Cluster Pasadwar have left for Kamsing village by boat as the village has no other road except by boat to reach the village which is on the border with Bangladesh. .
The party recently launched a hunger strike in Tura on the demand for the implementation of the Roster System, as well as the demand for Tura to become the rainy season capital of the State.
He said that if the people themselves have a feeling for the people, they should allow the UDP to have a number that can really lead the state. we shall also be able to show the works which the people themselves desire.
The Controller of Examinations, MBOSE Tura, Bah TR Laloo, showed the history of MBOSE since its establishment and recalled the implementation of the Meghalaya Board of Education Act in in the maintenance and management of educational institutions in the state.
There are 32 new members of the UDP Khliehriat circle.
The president of Sonidan Circle, Bah Roswell Shadap, said that as farmers, they often lose hope and when they face difficulties, they cannot go anywhere.
Besides the name that is used as a seal on a person by his parents, we have another name that is used to call a person by many different names.
He also told them that he had received a lot of money from the Messiah.
They said that a joint team between Baramulla Police and 16 SIKHLI of the Army conducted a raid in Churunda Uri area and found a man who had entered the area. shawai and who tried to flee when he saw a group of soldiers when he was attacked by a group of soldiers.
This may be the first words in human beings, such as 'Mei' and 'Pa' which may have originated from the speech of children who are just learning to speak. in any nation, although there are slight differences according to their date and place.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said that the state government has been able to organize the Meghalaya Games, and this time it has been able to organize this biggest sporting event with the aim of helping to develop the athletes. the state.
It is here that they should use their power for the benefit of the children of the district.
As part of the National Sports Day 2023, the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA), the DSYA and the District Sports Officer, East Khasi Hills will hold a 5K race. Fitness Run" on the 26th of this month.
Shillong: A team of 18 Meghalaya girls football players and managers will leave for Kohima, Nagland on Monday to compete in the North Eastern States Girls U-19 Football Tournament
We all know about the danger of Covid-19, but I would like to remind you once again because it is very dangerous if only one patient with this disease can walk as long as mon especially in public places.
The main crops in this village are rice and rice bran.
From this year until 2019, people from all over the state will flock to Laitkseh to watch this Football Tournament.
The Ministry of Education has directed that for the first list of candidates for B.Sc, B.Com, the deadline for registration will be on the 22nd of this month. The final selection will be on the 24th of this month, for BA candidates, the final application will be on the 27th of November and the list of first selected candidates will be on the 29th of November 2020, while for other courses (except LLB), the registration will be open till the 29th of this month and the names will be released on the 31st of May
Noting that there is a system in parliament, Pala said that only 13 seconds have been allocated to each of the 543 MPs in the Lok Sabha to speak.
One of the ASHA workers in Pahamrimai, Tina Mary Sohkhlet said that before this app, all the salaries were suspended, it was difficult for them to continue their work as ASHA workers. There is online payment, everything has changed for the better and we have become more encouraged and happy to do our job,” said Kong Sohkhlet.
The Lepchas have become strangers in their own Country.
According to one of his friends, Lawrence's talent was discovered while he was studying at St Anthony's College.
They also confirmed that the shop has been handed over to Bah Marbud since the completion of the Motphran Bridge.
Bindo, Teinwel Dkhar, TW Chyne and Teibor Pathaw today met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong at the Secretariat to discuss the political situation in the country. District Council.
Kamal Thapa scored 34 runs from 34 balls and Raja Khongwir scored 26 runs from 26 balls.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday advised the Congress leaders to join another party before the Congress collapses.
• The story of Noah and the Flood (Gen.6–9) is based on the Purinas Atrahasis, Gilgamesh and Ziusudra.
Comingone Ymbon, Minister of Food and Consumer Affairs Department and others witnessed the program at Iawmusiang known as “Mih Iaw”.
You can work at a high level.
Shillong, Nailur 16: After the Opposition withdrew its no confidence motion against the government yesterday, the Legislative Assembly today withdrew its no confidence motion against the Government. Speaker of the House AT Mondal.
The dream of Umpling Umjathang Village regarding the ground is to build a gallery, wells and others.
It is pertinent to note that such census should be in accordance with the customs and traditions and without going beyond them.
It has now been confirmed that the 20th November 2018, will be the last working day of banks, until the end of Christmas.
The damage to Balat and Dangar villages in the Umngi River, especially during the rainy season, has forced hundreds of households to move to other places.
Regarding the NDSA Playground and Nongpathar Playground, they are already suitable for the construction of artificial turf in the district.
Majaw FC managed to send a beautiful ball from the right side and Iaraplang FC took the lead in the 55th minute.
Five persons were injured in the incident, including Merial Kharjahrin (45), Ailinda Thongni (42), Olinda Thongni (30). ), one child and Sunu Khanak (32) from Bhiwani-Haryana and two of them seriously injured, Benning Thongni (32) and Robert Jyrwa (55).
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The second legislative session of the MDA-2 government will start on Tuesday.
Nongpoh MLA, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, who also attended the meeting, praised the group of traditional healers, who have the goal of preserving the traditional medicine and also to preserve the traditional medicines in our state.
“The main purpose of building these markets is to provide convenience to the people and also to generate revenue for the council.
The KSU, therefore, urges the DC to take action on this issue and that is to allow them to go to the place where they intend to go and especially eh when it comes to their intention to seek education.
Jaguar FC beat Ibarial FC 4-0 in the Knockout Football Tournament held by Ri Khasi SCSC at Kurkalang Stadium, Bhoirymbong.
He said the decision to nominate Dr W Kharlukhi as an MP candidate for the Rajya Sabha is not a personal decision of anyone, but the decision of the MDA as a whole.
Lydia said, “Yes... I came early.
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC has urged the foreigners living in the state to oppose this letter written by these two persons, which has been sent to the CEM of KHADC, to General Secretary of KSU Mawlai Dorbar Shnong.
This is the day I threw dynamite.
The party alleged that the two persons involved in the attempt to take the life of the member include Damut Bang and Palmon Sari.
The closing date for submission of Entry Forms is 26th September 2019 at the RBDSA Office at Nongthymmai Umsning and only 6 teams will be accepted.
The shooting of this new film is in progress.
He also expressed his satisfaction that the Directorate of School Education and Literacy (DSEL) of the state has issued an order to direct all schools in the state from Upper Primary to Higher Secondary level. They urged them to open Chess Clubs in their schools so that the students can receive chess training from an early age as part of the promotion of this sport in the state.
This has helped to account for the financial burden of the families of TB patients who have received support by providing food items to the patients.
The residents of Ranikor, Nongnah, Nongjri, Ngunraw, Kynsimphlang, Umjarain and Nongtnger areas of Ranikor constituency have been facing difficulties in coming and going due to the deterioration of roads. Biangbor Syiemlieh President and Ban Bishar Kharlartang Secretary HANM Ranikor Circle said that the development of Ranikor area is far behind.
The day on which these fathers and sons went to campaign for the election at the Prime Minister's residence was also a market day when there were many people.
Dr. Lana L.Nongbri, State Nodal Officer, National Tobacco Control Programme, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, said, “Tobacco not only kills consumers, but also damages property. It is also used for food and drink by up to 47% of the population of the elderly and those aged 15 years and above and has caused the deaths of up to 8,000 people in Meghalaya alone. The World No Tobacco Day 2023 (WNTD'23) campaign has been announced from 22nd June 2023 to encourage schools to take action. Special program such as rally or Signature campaign to raise awareness about the harmful effects of tobacco and this campaign will also help to make any school free from tobacco, this program Tobacco Free Educational Institutions (ToFEI) has been conducted in the state since October 2021 in collaboration with the Sambandh Health Foundation. The program will be a success with the participation of the public, students and teachers.
Shillong, July 23: The HSPDP will hold a meeting with Bah Blanding Warjri MDC Mawthadraishan to find out where he has been since the beginning of the dorbar and where he has come back after the opening of the budget dorbar. .
One of the volunteers who visited the schools in Sohra area to inquire about the implementation of the Mid-Day Meal, Bah SN Wahlang, was surprised to find that in UCS, UP School, Kut Madan, the teachers He investigated the incident and found that the reason was humility and fear of losing his salary by the SDSEO, Sohra.
However, the time came to an end and Wahlyngkhat SC won by 2 goals to 1 goal.
After this, the DGP decided to offer a buskit of T.2.5 lakh to him.
When Meghalaya and Dkhar have tried in these areas, it is like trying day and night.
Laitkor SC, which came second last year, will face Lumparing SC at 2 pm.
He said that the rainwater which has entered the house from the burning of tins on the roof has also damaged the crops and other goods inside the house.
How the Pnar can cleanse the tdong of the muid.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: U Bah J.A Lyngdoh, Vice President of the BJP, on Tuesday denied the allegations filed against him by Tony Marbaniang. “What does it mean to offer money when the goal of the BJP is to eradicate corruption and bring in a corruption free government,” said J.A. Speaking to reporters at the BJP office, Lyngdoh said that earlier there were about 4 or 5 candidates who wanted to apply for the BJP ticket but after he left, many candidates wanted to apply for the BJP ticket. They have withdrawn their request for tickets.
She said all that was needed was to wait patiently for the results on July 4, and as a candidate she had done what had to be done.
It is also something that shows the strength or weight of the body or any person who owns it.
They said that their march is not for the benefit of any leader or political party, but to ensure the rights of their children in the future generations.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today said that the government will implement the Food Security Commission (FSC) soon and appoint a commission to look after the issue. you have a shisha to the people of the state.
“However, the people have not given their support and so we remain only two, which means that they have not accepted the BJP,” he said.
It may be recalled that a health camp was held for the children at the School of the Blind in Nangbah on the 9th of this month as part of the Pre Christmas Health Camp in the presence of Dr. .W.Kharshiing.
The Excise & Narcotics Department on Saturday conducted a raid in Bawngkawn area and seized 248 grams of heroin from one of the suspects. The suspect was identified as N Ngolang (55 years old) – resident of Tahan, Myanmar.
However, the Government has called for talks with the NEPMU leaders in Nongpoh and after the talks it has been decided to withdraw the announcement to stop the import of oil to Meghalaya.
Till November 17, 2023, the Yatra experienced the participation of more than 200,000 people which shows the responsiveness of the people and their expectation to participate in the development of the country.
Crime has increased and the spread of drugs is also very high and suspicious incidents happen at night.
STIEH invites all the village leaders, women's organizations, Bhalang organizations and the residents of the village to attend this rally.
Christmas is not a celebration of the things of the world, but a celebration because God sent His Son (Jesus) to redeem mankind from the hands of Satan.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the Union, Bah Handle Mukhim, said that the Union has given 10 days to the government to do something and if it does not do anything, the Union will resign.
Listen to your conscience, To the rulers you are willing to obey; God knows that you must obey, All the rulers who have been appointed.
On their part, they promised to do their utmost to give the precious time to their children so that they can fulfill their duties in the areas assigned by the school.
He added that because of the wind in Sohiong that they don't need the UDP anymore, Bah Metbah has to explain that they are working together, but they can't say that they have their own government. for thou hast nothing.
All four teams have already qualified for the semi finals but the group points table has determined who will top the group.
Shillong, June 24: The prisoners of Shillong District Jail have staged a hunger strike to protest against the poor feeding by the jail authorities.
The tournament started on July 1 and lasted for four days. A total of 138 students from 16 schools from the West participated in the tournament. Jaintia Hills, the matches were divided into three categories, Under-13, Under-15 and Under-17 for boys and girls in Single and Double.
Party leaders and office bearers from various villages in Mookaiaw constituency attended the meeting.
Shillong, Nailar 30: There have been complaints to the Election Commission of India (ECI) regarding the operation of the electronic voting machines.
The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Bah Mariahom Kharkrang, said that the Assam Rifles, who were well dressed, shot dead three policemen while they were driving a vehicle. of a long woman.
The Meteorological Department of India has warned that heavy rainfall is expected in Shillong and surrounding areas in the next 24 hours.
The first is the understanding of the Khasi people about their rights and they have taken action by leaving their jobs to come from far and wide to support this issue of reform of the law. recruitment (Job Reservation Policy 1972).
In the first match between Malki and Sputnik Spartan, Malki failed to bat first and managed to score only 60 runs in 14.3 overs.
At the same time, he accused the BJP of trying to invade the North East for its own purposes.
The Shillong Sports Association, which is also the organizer of the tournament, has once again held a junior football tournament for the Football League 2023 for the boys under 14 years (U-14). Boys) tournament was held at the MFA Turf Polo Ground Shillong today.
The ceremony was attended by the Minister of Transport, Dasakhiatbha Lamare, in the presence of Jowai MLA Wailadmiki. Shylla, Shitlang Pale MLA, Daloi of Jowai District, Puramon Kynjing, Ngaitlang Dhar, Lakhon Biam MDC, AA Shillai MDC, Waheh Wasan and others who were invited.
Another incident occurred on the 5th of November when the Rangbah Shnongs left Laban Square to turn to the Secretariat but the people were stopped near the statue of Kiang Nangbah while the Rangbah Shnongs were leaving Laban Square to turn to the Secretariat. Rangbah Shnongs entered the Secretariat to talk to the government on the demand to pass the VAB. There was a stone throwing by the crowd at the police and then there was a lathi throwing and shooting in front of the police in which some policemen were injured and some of the people were also injured and some were arrested later.
Khuswant M. Sangma, 33, of Dakopgre, Tura, Tengchang D. Sangma, 20, of TMC, Tengma Ch.
Bah Rapsang said that if he is no longer sure of getting a ticket, what is the point of being in the party and it is better for him to join another party, which he is sure to give him a ticket.
In an order issued on 23/05/24, the office of the DC Shillong, has written that no rallies, marches by the winning candidates will be allowed after the announcement of the election. resolution in parts of East Khasi Hills District and the party said that this is against the rights of every citizen, according to Articles 14 and 19 of the Fundamental Right enshrined in the Constitution. the constitution of the country and the independence of the citizens.
“I have resigned from the party, but I will continue to be a member of the Lok Sabha until the end of my term,” she said in Lucknow today.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 18: The Deputy Commissioner (Election) of Mawkyrwat District, Mawkyrwat today announced that the Election Commission of India (ECI) has issued a directive that only Photo Voters' Slip cannot be used. They are required to bring their EPIC on polling day and if they have lost or misplaced their EPIC they can bring one of the documents.
In fact, the SP of Dhubri should have come, but he did not come and for this reason, the Tribunal has issued this order.
The preaching of customs and traditions comes only from the mouths of those who contest the elections, that too only on the occasions and moments of that election period, when you win or lose there are no more voices of customs and traditions. they shall not come out of the mouth of any man.
Like the Rohingya, the Kuki-Zo have suffered persecution and violence by the Myanmar military and have become refugees.
“Such protests will continue if you (Government) violate the rights and you (Government) insult the workers,” he added.
Shillong, Nailur 11: Nohron village has been without electricity for two months due to the loss of a transformer which has been missing since the 29th of this month.
Meanwhile, Langstiehrim and Umwiehsup Villages will remain as Containment Areas due to the presence of newly infected residents and the lack of completion of the Vaccination Drive in these villages. the two villages of Pyndengumiong.
The players of the All Jaintia Cricket Association (AJCA) left Jowai on Friday to participate in the U-14 Inter District Cricket Tournament organized by the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA).
M.Ibumgochoudibi said the main objective of the NEIPF is to protect the villagers from the illegal immigration of people from Bangladesh, Myanmar, Bhutan and Nepal.
Nongstoin, July 10: The Believers Church Shillong Diocese, is one of the Christian churches which provides assistance to the poor and needy people and families in many ways. It also conducts the Community Development Project which is a program to distribute resources to the poor.
Shillong: U MPCC President Vincent H Pala on Tuesday said that his decision to contest the 2023 election is not because he wants to become the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, but because he wants to lead the country. to the Congress party.
Sutnga, who announced the launch of the Championship, also presented a check to the President of AMKA, Bah Hunlang Lytan and General Secretary Ksan Warjri for the support and implementation of the Championship. Association does not work.
He said that if there are any opportunities to assist them in another way by following the rules of the departments or the government, he is ready to consider.
“At this meeting, the elections were discussed and other Congress leaders in Mizoram were requested to join the NPP as it stands for the protection, care and development of the NPP. Prestone said that the country's economy is growing rapidly.
Even in the midst of the heavy rain, the faithful took part in the prayer of the Holy Rosary and singing songs of praise to the Blessed Virgin Mary along the way.
In order to expedite the implementation of the project, Dhar said a meeting will be held next month, which will be attended by the Public Works Department (PWD) and officials. the urban.
“We had a spirit of despair or anxiety to play, but through the unity of the players, Khliehmawlieh tried to fight hard.
Therefore, it is necessary to renew this post by appointing a village leader for 5 years tenure.
The new cases include EGH: 04, EJH: 09, EKH: 173, NGH: 06, RBD: 85, SGH: 06, SWGH: 08, SWKH: 72, WGH: 74, WJH: and WKH: 52.
The HSPDP has sent a letter to Dr. Donkupar Roy, President UDP, while Witting Mawsor and KP Pangniang have sent a letter to the UDP President.
Aibankmen Khongriah scored four goals in the 4th, 7th, 12th and 23rd minutes.
The march is a sign to the world that as a nation we have our own religion and customs, which God has already set apart for us and which continues to this day. days that are now.
Besides, this quarrying of stone and shyiap has caused the water to become stagnant and polluted until the underwater creatures can no longer survive and even drink the water.
However, let us examine a little bit the question of whether this tree can be a blessing or a curse to our nation.
The leaders on this day distributed books expressing the issues and principles of the party which is known as the Party u Riewpaidbah.
Among the four IPS officers who have been selected, Kulbir Krishan (1976 batch) is the oldest.
“In agriculture, we have introduced various policies whether it is the FOCUS Programme, the Milk Mission, the Piggery Mission or other missions we have introduced whether it is the IVCS Program and training, These are the policies that the Government has taken to alleviate unemployment in the agriculture sector,” he said.
The meeting was adjourned today without any other issues.
In the evening, the Easter service was concluded with the celebration of the Blessed Sacrament of Jesus by the faithful of the Catholic Church of Nongpoh Parish.
Because the Khasi do not have writing, it is revealed in proverbs, many people do not believe because they do not have writing and do not understand the proverbs, as follows:-.
Shillong: U MDC of JHADC, Andrew A Shullai, who is also the candidate of the Trinamool Congress from Jowai constituency, on Tuesday said that if the NPP is a true party, The BJP will not cooperate with the BJP after the 2018 elections, but it is the B team of the BJP. Christians have been persecuted since 2014 after the BJP came to power in the central government.
Government officials present on the occasion included P Sampath Kumar, Principal Secretary, Kong RM Kurbah, Secretary, Ramkumar S, Secretary, Twinkle Marak, Deputy Secretary, Dr. HC Lyndem, Director, DHS(MI), Dr.Y Phira, Director (Research), Dr.S.S.Nongbri, Director (MCH& FW) and others.
Shillong: The State Government has released the salary of SSA teachers which has been suspended for three months from October to April 2018 and the salary will remain at 19044/- for LP School teachers and 20493/- for LP School teachers. - to the teachers of UP School.
These systems of village governance exist in some villages of our Khasi Hills.
in rural areas.
In another incident, it was reported that there was an attempt to set fire to a petrol pump at Ruprekha High School, Wahingdoh; however, it did not explode at all and there was only the smell of petrol near the school.
After the loss of three leading batsmen Anjana Sahani (15 runs), Jayshree Singh (14 runs) and Chandni Kumari Sahani (18 runs), Ri Bhoi were able to take control. However, with the departure of the captain of the team, Neelam Roy, SCA has managed to increase the scoring by scoring 49 out of bowl.
I felt then that the world was all mine.
Mawrie also demanded that Azad should apologize to the people of Meghalaya.
Bah Denis Warbah, member of the Syndicate and bus driver, said that buses operating to Tynring area face problems on the road because there is no place to pick up and pick up passengers like in Nongmensong, NEIGRIHMS. , Ishyrwat because the roads are crowded and there are vehicles parked on both sides of the road.
“Therefore, on behalf of the party office bearers, we have unanimously decided to launch the implementation of the CAB across the state”.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Karnataka also confirmed that the BJP does not fulfill its promises to the people.
Meanwhile, Bah HM Shangpliang, another member, said the department has been directed to punish severely the officers who have not done anything to curb the illegal timber smuggling which has happened across the state.
Meghalaya will play against Odisha on Sunday.
Avoid smoking and drinking : Smoking is one of the risk factors for heart disease.
Former Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, who will be elected as CEM on July 19, 2023, has urged Bah Pynïaid Syiem after being elected as CEM. He said that he should not rely too much on his fellow MDCs who are working with him because until now the raibi to turn around has not ended.
He said that this is an MP election to the Lok Sabha, not a platform for the people to decide or a referendum, and if it is true the referendum could be as demanded by the VPP. The VPP candidate who won the election as MP should take the issues of the nation and the state to Parliament.
Therefore, he said that it is time for the people to give him the tyrnem heh to tied the problems of Mawhati to transform especially the problems of the people in agriculture, education and all other fields. , he added.
Noting that the term of office of the Government in Delhi will soon end, Dr. Nonglait expressed the hope that the State Government will take a closer look at this issue when the new Government comes.
The meeting was attended by officials from the NDMA, NDRF, CRPF, BSF, Air HQ, DGAR, GTC, ARC, Central Police and officers of Meghalaya government departments.
The farmers of Mawlongbna including the parents together with the Rangbah Shnong Bah Klining Kharnaior today met with the CEM of KHADC to inform about the incident.
Shillong, Nailar : Phudmuri Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Mawlai on Tuesday 17th July, 2022 honored 87 students who passed the SSLC and HSSLC examinations of the year 2022 at the hall of the school. M. Lyngwa, District School Education Officer, East Khasi Hills District as the chief guest.
The main reason why the followers of Jesus Christ are persecuted is that they are willing to stand, resist and fight against the authorities, religious authorities and cultures that teach to hate and discriminate against others.
Speaking to reporters at Pilangkata village in Ri Bhoi, the Deacon of the Evangelical Free Church of India, S. Chinpu, said that the protests and violence in Manipur are only from the He said that the ethnic differences between the Kuki and Meitei ethnic groups have affected the peace and order of the people and he said that they did not think that this protest would reach the point of bloodshed. feelings for other people.
However, since 2014, when the BJP Government took over the rule, it has been found that all the laws have been violated.
They were identified as Ajay Baruah, 47, Anand Baruah, 30, and Shamsher Marak, 38, of Maruti Alto (ML 05 Q 2979). Upper Shillong Meghalaya.
What is the answer that those who have been involved as leaders in small or large groups have to give to their children, brothers and sisters and future generations if they cannot unite or support each other? which threatens the future of the country.
On the other hand, the Chief Forest Officer, said that the private sector miners in the area do not pay taxes to the District Council.
If this is true, people who have received TIKA should not hesitate and panic for fear that they have received protection without the need for treatment against the spread of COVID-1 There is also a possibility that those who have not yet received TIKA can spread the disease to those who have received TIKA. If there is no certainty about the protection of TIKA, the forcing of people and the public to accept TIKA even if it is against their will and understanding of them, it is illegal.
Regarding the land in Upper Shillong occupied by the Kur Kurkalang, the RTI reply from the Forest Department states that this forest belongs to the Forest and Environment Department and is not Revenue Land.
On the other hand, the Minister of Agriculture, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that besides the Regulated Markets and Farmers Markets, the State Government also helps the farmers to sell or export their produce to other States of the country. India and abroad are the same.
M. Lakiang, DMC-SSA, West Jaintia Hills was the chief guest, in the presence of GH Bareh, Executive Member, Seiñraij as the Chief Guest, GPde, Vice-Chairperson WWO- Aloma Passah, Founder Member of WWO-Seinraij and others.
He said that the PDF wants to stand on its own ground, according to its way of thinking to protect the nation by passing strong laws against the discrimination such as the coal blockade, the shyiap blockade, the MUDA blockade, the post of Rangbah Shnong and others.
On the 11th of this month, 25 cows were seized and on the 13th, 45 cows were seized.
In 2013, there were five candidates but the winner was Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh from the HSPDP with 10,931 votes. The Congress candidate received 8475 votes, Nasar Marweiñ of the UDP received 3864 votes, Setsingh Dkhar of the NPP came fourth with 584 votes and Mathiewly Nongrem of the independent candidate received 127 votes.
The family informs that there will be a wreath laying ceremony at the grave of (L) Cherish Star Field Thangkhiew tomorrow 13th July 2023 at the cemetery of Balang U Blei Lawmali at 2 pm. day.
The Dorbar Shnong Mutong, East Jaintia Hills District has held a program to honor the students and teachers of Mutong Village on the 5th of this month.
However, according to the Socio Economic Caste Census Survey 2011, 76% of the residents of rural areas in the State do not own land, live without land and do not have land. which is his to cultivate, to live in and to pass on to his children.
This test lasted 8 hours.
Jesus, the Son of God, urges believers to be careful in the midst of tribulation Matt 24:4,5-8
He said that if the opportunity opens, they will first provide training to the local youth so that they can do all the jobs themselves and the products should be from the state without the need to import from abroad. .
All 18 unions or organizations of various employees from Meghalaya will participate in this convention.
Shangpliang said they will have to ask the MDA government what has been done for the people who have surrendered and what the government has done to help these people.
It is also believed that this is the highest number of cases of coronavirus in the country since the outbreak on 8th October
“You have a government, but you don't have a rule.
India Today reported that this is the finding of AEFI, which confirms that the effect occurs after human injection.
He also expressed his pride to see many youngsters who have had the opportunity to showcase their talents in this song competition.
Julius Dorphang, who spoke to the media, urged Adelbert to express his views on these issues. He said that if Adelbert has sufficient witnesses, he should appeal to the court.
Its market areas already look like a mini-Bangladesh, albeit more lucrative.
The meeting was attended by the General Manager of NHIDCL, Senior Engineer of Shillong Cantonment Board, Chief Engineer of PWD, Executive Engineer of PWD (Roads) and other organizations. Shillong Cantonment Lease Holders Association, Village Council and Welfare Organizations.
The final match will be held at Thomas Jones Synod College, Jowai.
“The suspects have been summoned to the police station and investigations are ongoing,” police said.
Those days of mutual respect among all political parties in the state are over.
The Khadsaw Phra Hima (or Nongkhlaw Hima) was the second Khasi Hima to make a treaty and come under the protection of the British East India Company, the first was the Sutnga Hima (or Jaintiapur Hima).
The State Government, in the past few days, has announced that farmers have been allowed to sell kwai, tyrpad leaves, synsar from now on. to walk a lot in the marketplace these days;  However, due to the lockdown, they have been left in the hands of the farmers and this has created a big problem for the farmers of the Riwar or Ri Bhoi area, who used to live on this farm.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Sonapyrdi, Narpuh District, East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday launched the Constitution of the Village Council.
Carnes Sohshang, who is currently the candidate for the Mawkyrwat constituency from the Indian National Congress (INC), in his speech, said that if he doesn't love the people, he doesn't have anything. National Congress (INC) because on many occasions other parties have offered him money and silver but he has not wanted it.
He said that the loss of crops has been estimated at more than Rs 15,000 per farmer.
And this we have seen clearly through the pictures on social media and in the newspapers as well.
However, the final decision is up to the majority of the churches who is eligible to lead and govern the state and whether the people still want a coalition government or a government led by one political party.
At that time, India was still under British rule.
However, due to the strength of the defenders and the skill of the Mawlai goalkeeper, they could not break through.
Stress can be the cause of suicide :For any person who is not old enough and in good health will never die from the causes of death.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that after one out of 13 cases of corona virus tested negative, Meghalaya is now free of COVID-1
When asked about the cause of the fire, the Principal said that everyone wants to know the cause of the fire but it is sad that the school does not know the cause of the fire. The incident occurred at midnight and the exact time of the fire is not known but it is estimated that it occurred at 1 or 2 pm.
In these days, the Government has opened Civil Sub-Divisions, Community and Rural Development Blocks, PWD Divisions, Police Outposts, Police Stations and many others. .
“The house which burnt down on that date was the residence of Handalin Lyngkhoi and Krostar Mawdoh along with their three children and all of them escaped injuries,” said the source.
Therefore, man must always ask for a life in harmony with his Creator in order to escape from spiritual and intellectual animality.
According to sources, the affected villages in the area include Tyrso, Untngam, Birsik and other neighboring villages. For more than 10 hours, the fire caused severe damage to crops, crops and even houses.
As children of God, let us turn to God in the power of prayer so that we can overcome the darkness of Satan.
If my but was still in Laitumkhrah, I wouldn't know who to choose between Avner Pariat and Wanpynhun Kharsyntiew.
He said that the candidates have received the suggestion to take Hindi, which is a language they do not use and this has created problems, as it is said that this, it has to be fixed, so that it doesn't happen again.
EXPECTATIONS WHEN USING SOCIAL MEDIA:— Spending too many hours on social media can make a person unhappy and lonely in the future.
Noting that this is not the time to blame anyone for the situation in Manipur, Conrad said, “If you see, we have never blamed anyone.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi District has once again strongly opposed the demand of the Tiwa and Lalung to become Scheduled Tribe (ST) and condemns the initiative of the MLA of Mawhati to strengthen the demand. their.
of Meghalaya during office hours, 10 AM to 5 PM from Monday to Friday.
When inspecting the illegal coal mines, it was found that many of them have closed down or stopped mining and have been left alone.
During these elections, various leaders of various political parties have accused, slandered, slandered each other, each other to express their views in front of the people.
Sustainable electricity: Towards a clean futureIndia has tried to align its development activities with the needs for a cleaner future despite the challenges of population growth and its ambition to become a progressed.
According to a statement issued by the DNLA, the DNLA has decided to extend and continue the implementation of the soskular from June 2023 to 30th November, 2023 for the sake of peace and order. political and also for facilitating steps related to the peace talks between the party and the government.
On the issue of UCIL's failure to protect the state government and the district council, Daniel said the KSU demands that the government should punish the UCIL and urged the state government and the district council. They said that they should not issue NOC to UCIL for the construction of development camps in South West Khasi Hills.
He said that as a father who speaks for his children and the bright future of his children, he wants the MCTA to immediately resolve this misunderstanding with the VC of NEHU so that NEP will be implemented soon in the state.
So far, 200 people have been confirmed with covid-19 in Beijing and 22 new cases have been confirmed on Tuesday since the outbreak in Beijing on the 11th. July 2020.
Bhartpreet Singh won the gold medal in the men's discus throw with a throw of 55.66m while Rezoana Mallick Heena won the gold medal in the women's 400m with a throw of 55.66m. 53:31 seconds and Antima Pal won the bronze medal in the 5000m in 17:11 minutes.
The meeting was attended by 14 political parties including HYC, HANM, UHM, MYF, MPSO, RBYO, STIEH, AIM, HUAM, WKSU, EJNC, JSM, JYF and HWWDO. Speaking to media, Bah Donbok Kharlyngdoh said that the purpose of the meeting is to invite the parents and youth of the state to attend. To strengthen the demand for the execution of Bah Che.
In another incident, a youth named Wanmi Lyngdoh (24) has committed suicide by hanging himself from a tree at Pasyih Tangliang.
Only Kitdor (25 runs from 21 balls) and Boxer Marbaniang (18 runs from 17 balls) scored runs for the team but this did not help them to escape the defeat. Star scored the win by 66 runs.
He said the government will clarify its position in these days after holding a meeting to discuss the issue.
They have been doing so or even the sessions of the Assembly have been shortened in order to avoid discussing any issues that have caused trouble in the state.
“To clean up the spelling, you need to have a team.
(v) Covid-19 patients.
In the Indian Round (Mixed Team), East Khasi Hills District and Eastern West Khasi Hills District were the winners.
Aizawl: Anger and anger against the BJP-led government in the central and state governments in Manipur.
There were also discussions and discussions on how to guide the youth to avoid the involvement in evil deeds such as alcoholism, smoking, cigarettes, marijuana, cannabis and drugs, child marriage and drug abuse. that you are not.
He said that the RBDSA is well prepared to hold a beautiful and exciting final which will be held on the 11th of this month at Umdihar Stadium. Other dignitaries including MLAs, MDCs of Ri Bhoi District, senior officers and prominent sportsmen of the state will also attend the ceremony. The Bhoi League
According to the two youths, they said that the live Dohkha, which were sold at the place, were Dohkha, which they brought from the Pung which was raised by the people who farm Dohkha in Ri Bhoi and other places within the state, because after they buy them, they distribute them in their own place, besides they keep and take good care of them until someone comes to buy them, However, the most interesting thing to hear from these two is that the price of these live Dohkha is not much different from those of the dead Dohkha and those imported from other states in the country.
They said that if the government pays only half of the remaining salary, it will support them to continue their work, but they said that there are some contractors who have received payment but they were paid in pieces and it turned out to be a slap in the face.
“Hey hey, yeah here.
Shillong: The rainfall in Sohra today has reached 101.6mm.
Have not the prophecies been fulfilled? The kingdoms of the world are now afraid of Israel to see that it has modern weapons.
Thefts happened every day in every village until the people had to sleep at night.
Also present on the occasion were the Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Isawanda Laloo, IAS, Director of Horticulture, D Sohtun and other government officials.
Nongpoh, March 02: To commemorate the birth anniversary of the Father of the Nation, Mahatma Gandhi, which is celebrated every year on the 2nd of March, the Seng Samla Mynri-Umsning has organized a celebration. by conducting cleanliness drive in all parts and surroundings of Mynri Umsning Village.
Meanwhile, Bah Donevan, who is also the President of the Sohra Block Congress Committee, said that he has resigned as a member of the party.
Kasanchi M Momin, Food Safety Officer Baghmara, Dr HB Marak DVO, Dr SRK Marak AH & Vety Officer, CR Marak ARO Planning and others delivered speeches on the occasion.
The Assam police initially came to the village and ordered the village leaders to come and sign the necessary documents at the Boko police station.
The Jamia Coordination Committee (JCC), a group of students, said that the robbers came in pairs and came on a motorcycle, one of them wearing a jacket. red color.
It may be recalled that on the directive of the Ministry of Consumer Affairs, the NCCF and NAFED have started the purchase of soybeans from mandis in Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka and Maharashtra for sale in areas where soybeans are needed. price increases have been at their highest level in the past month.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Donald Muktieh expressed his deep sorrow over the inclusion of Byrnihat in the list of areas which produce high pollution especially polluted air due to the presence of pollution. factories which have affected the health of the residents of this area in Byrnihat.
The family members of the deceased immediately took a Sumo from Mawsynram to transport the patient without any hesitation. According to the family members, there was a sumo. They were arrested on the road and questioned by the police when they saw a tourist vehicle passing by at such a time but the police released them when they saw that the vehicle was carrying patients.
Khliehriat: The MPUF-EJHD (MPUF-EJHD) in a statement sent by the President of the MPUF-EJHD, said that the JHADC under the leadership of Ma Thombor Shiwat, as CEM, to withdraw the approval for three unique industry coke plans, one at Deinling under Rymbai District and two at Soo Kilo area under Rymbai District. Sutnga, because if these companies get the opportunity to set up factories it will be a threat to the health of the people through the pum pum and smoke that comes out of these factories during the burning of coal.
Shillong, June 25: To provide convenience to the people, the Government of Meghalaya has set a target to set up new C&RD Block across the districts of the state. Speaking to Rupang at his office, Prestone Tynsong, Minister of C&RD Block, said that the government has not yet received the reports from the District Administration. “We are still waiting for the report from the District Administration, we will create new Blocks after reviewing the reports,” said Prestone Tynsong.
They are fine even though my father has been dead for more than 3 years.
Speaking to Rupang, one of the police chiefs said that the bullet had not yet fallen properly as it was from above the clothes, and the bullet was recovered from the stomach of the woman.
If we go for a proper check-up, if there is a disease in our body, the doctors can detect it quickly and treat it at the right time.
Therefore, the Government has responded to the land that has been illegally registered without the approval of the Competent Authority.
I don't know how mine will be," said Regan.
Therefore, let us start the 2023 elections so that the time will not be too late.
Speaking to media, Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar said that the purpose of his meeting with the Chairman of the Meghalaya Rural Bank was to request him to open another bank. de new branches because until now there are two such banks of the MRB and this is difficult for the people to complete their work and they too have to stand in a long line. they spend many hours just to deposit or withdraw money.
I have 34 years of experience in the field and so with this experience we will bring about good governance,” he added.
He is known as the king among the diseases and ailments. Shynrai has long been used as a cure for many diseases and ailments.
(iii) The Roman soldiers did not know why the crowd brought Jesus to be crucified.
The Autonomous District Councils (DCA) of the State Government have proposed to the District Council Affairs (DCA) Department of the State Government to extend the Building Act to the rural areas of the state. They have started to build better houses and perhaps in the view of the Autonomous District Councils there should be a law that can restrict the construction of houses.
Even in the midst of the excessive increase in the prices written on these food items, the surprising thing is that the buyers don't believe anything, in which they just ask and take out the money to pay without complaining. and ask the best-selling price from the list price.
We the people don't want this disease to spread in the area but we want the life of that person to be healthy and more precious than the job of Rangbah Shnong.
They also explained that when the Khasi go to buy a cow, they choose a cow that is fully ready to cut meat, while the Muslims buy a cow that is small or large but is suitable for cutting meat. sometimes by the pregnancy they cut together with the child and the mother.
After five years as CEO of Aston Villa, Christian Purslow will step down from the post of CEO of Aston Villa. year.
On the Israeli side, nine people were killed, including a seven-year-old child.
He also assured that he will develop the constituency in all aspects such as peace, income, employment, agriculture, health and education.
The project to build the Polytechnic has started in 2018 and should be completed within 24 months at a cost of T.7 crore. The first phase of the work has been allocated T.2 crore and the village authority is surprised why the contractor has stopped the work without completing it properly. The youth of Ri Bhoi District have been invited to attend the ceremony.
In the countryside, however, he still sees the cooperation of his children and his parents in the fields along with the carrying of loads in his childhood.
Uttrayan Finance Service Ltd, based in Pahamsyiem, also has offices in different parts of Ri Bhoi, Umden, Umsning and other places. The RBYF leaders, said that the Uttrayan Finance Service Ltd, has demanded a lot of money from the people who are in debt, that too with a huge interest.
It is an old wooden house and monument that has served to distribute education to many since the time of the British Government through the Welsh Mission.
In her speech, Ms Lynrah explained to the children about the objectives of NIPUN Bharat and said that this program is also known as 'NIPUN Bharat' Janbhagidari Events and Activities' which started on 1st July and will end on 15th July.
Comingson, husband of Palma Rani from Mawlyndep, Ri-Bhoi, said that she was on her way to Ganesh Das Hospital to give birth to her baby. “I have spoken to my husband, he said that the baby was born, but I couldn't speak well because the baby was taken to the ICU, while the husband was taken to the bedroom.
Nongpoh, March 12: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), Ri Bhoi District has announced that the AAY, PHH, NON-NFSA and PMGKAY rice for the month of March, 2022 has been released to all ration shops. ) in Ri Bhoi District.
Speaking to reporters, Kenneth Shadap, President of MUPSTA, said that the meeting with the Minister of Education was to consider the proposal to upgrade 844 Adhoc Primary Schools to Deficit Systems.
“In the meantime, the people have become confused and I firmly believe that if we reach an agreement (with Bah Pyndap Saibon) as there has been agreement with some Regional Parties and we as national parties we have talked about how we can bring together a strong team," he said.
“If we win, we will implement the scheme so that everyone can benefit and not just a few.
Speaking in the Council briefly on the Bill, Bah Titostarwell Chyne said that parents can give their children the distribution of their land through the use of The purpose is that parents have their free will and not to force them to distribute their land and property without They should think only of giving to the youngest children or daughters, but if the parents and family wish, they can also give or distribute to the sons.
The RO has taken the responsibility of conducting the elections, counting of votes and also announcing the names of the winners.
The chief guest was also accompanied by Rev Anselm Nonglang, Diocesan Administrator, Fr Rolandus Lyngdoh, President of the NSSS, Fr James Anderson, Director of the NSSS, government officials and others.
When the election campaign ends at 4 pm on 17th June, 2024, it will be the turn of the people to ask whom they would like to send to the Lok Sabha as their MP.
Because the NDRF can only dive 30 feet into the water, while the crematorium is filled with water to more than 70-80 feet.
The Deputy Commissioner, Khliehriat District, today said that he has ordered an inquiry into the incident which happened at Governi, Dienshalu, Rymbai on the 21st of this month. In January, 2021, 6 (Seven) workers died.
Dkhar has lodged a complaint in the High Court that state government officials have come to destroy the tax collection point he runs.
He said that all the prime ministers in the past years, have responded when written like this which is for the benefit of the people and not for themselves.
Shillong, March 25: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday requested the NEEPCO not to relocate its headquarters from the state. a special spiritual connection with it.
Diego Maradona has suffered a stroke while at home, two months after he was discharged from hospital after suffering a stroke.
KNGCollege, Jowai.
Replying to the Chief Secretary, he said that Conrad Kongkal Sangma has taken all the schemes to Garo Hills, while Prestone Tynsong has distributed pigs.
Nangbah Ïawmusiang beat Chilliangraij 3-0 in the 1st Division Football Tournament organized by the WJDSA at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Friday.
The state team will be led by Mrityunjay Bharali and Mrinal Das as assistant team members in the tournament which will start against Odisha on 7th March this year.
We are still waiting for that too,” he said.
The Office of the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District (SVEEP) has explained to the voters of Mairang and Mawthadraishan Constituencies to vote together. to cast their votes on the 27th June 2023 to fulfill their duties as citizens of India who are eligible to elect leaders to the Legislative Assembly state law.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Bangalore Unit has organized the 2nd Meghalaya Freshers' Meet cum Cultural Program on 28th June 2019 at JSS Campus, Indian Institute of Nursing, Bangalore.
In the second match, Ummulong won the toss and elected to bat first and scored 119 runs in 20 overs for the loss of 7 wickets.
Shillong, June 1: U Shanborstar Mawthoh, 19, of Mawlynrei, Shillong, has been killed in a shooting incident.
T.15,000 was paid to Eclectic Magazine on 4th June, 2016 (no cash or cheque) and T.15,000 was paid to Local and Regional Newspapers. .8,45,050 on 17th November, 2014 through check
Apparently, there was bruising and bleeding from the head and face and there were also bruising and bleeding marks on the chest and hands of the man.
Eladmiter Dkhar from Jowai will sing a special song.
After the presence of drug injectors in Motphran and the negligence of the authorities in charge of the garbage dump which has caused a terrible snowstorm and caused the vendors and passers-by to complain On Saturday, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawkhar, Bah Arwan Singh Tariang, on Saturday, visited the Rangbah Shnong of Mawkhar, Bah Arwan Singh Tariang. video'.
Also present at the meeting were the Secretary Village Council, Bah O. Nongsiej, President KSU Nongstoin Circle, Kyrshan Marbaniang, HYC Nongstoin, Village Elders and others.
Jowai, Naiwieng 15: The HITO led by President Samla Pynbiang Rymbai in the presence of General Secretary Wanbun N Dkhar visited the Jowai Civil Hospital Ialong and Namdong PHC. Speaking to the DMHO of West Jaintia Hills District, Dr Ajar, the DMHO said that the inspection found that there are many shortcomings especially in the staff of X-ray, Scanning, Ultrasound and others. There are very few young people who pass as Laboratory Technicians and this makes the health centers slow in operation and many times when you need to do various tests you have to go outside.
In reply, Marak said he had received information about the distribution of demand letters, but no one has come forward to lodge a complaint with the police.
The Vote of Thanks was extended by the President of SRCI Youth Department, Daniel L. Khyriem.
The shortage of health facilities has led to the hospital in Shillong to be overcrowded and have to be affected by the COVID-19 pandemic from cases coming from Ri Bhoi and Ruilum Jaintia. There is nothing wrong with that.
He said, “I am God, I am not a man, that I should lie” Numbers 23:1
He said that even in Shillong there is a shortage of water in many parts and this will cause problems in the future if we don't know how to manage it.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that the government will support all groups to start Skill Training and to empower the youth and the government will launch many programs to promote self-employment. Youth should not take advantage of these programs provided by the State Government.
The match against strong teams like Karnataka will provide a lot of training to the young players of the state from the experienced players.
In fact, he should resign as MLA,” said HNLC General Secretary and Publicity Secretary Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw in a statement.
WA Sangma has sent this recommendation to all (this is according to Bah KM Roy). The Government has also fixed a date to meet with the CMha Assembly and to bring some of the There are no constituencies.
I would also like to send a message to our descendants to follow the example set by our ancestors to preserve the 'Knup' tradition and to preserve it from generation to generation to show the world that the Shnong Ours is the only one in the Maram area which produces Knup every year during the rainy season.
Media reports said that the visit of these Congress leaders to Delhi was to discuss the internal struggle of the Congress party in the state especially between Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem and the Prime Minister.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: U MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang today sent a letter to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who is also in charge of the PWD department, demanding that the government to take certain measures to protect the public from any accident which causes the loss of life or disability. In a letter, Bah Brightstarwell said that the incident He said that the number of accidents would have been reduced if the authorities had been more vigilant. issuance of driving licence.
Not only that, Regional Committees have been set up with the participation of friends from other parties.
The meeting on Friday was also part of the process but it is not clear what the HPC thinks regarding the blueprint presented by the state government.
When I say Khasi, I mean Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Lyngngam and Maram.
He was speaking a day after the MSCW alleged that the removal of the chairperson is unacceptable and the Minister has received false information that the chairperson has failed. to 3 out of four meetings of the Commission.
He said that the Commissioner & Secretary in charge of Education, Dr BDR Tiwari in a letter dated 4th June, 2023, informed that the Ministry of Education has prepared a formula to release the arrears of SSA teachers. “The first installment will be released in July 2023 (1191.615 lakh, second installment in November 2023 (T.1191.615 lakh), third installment in July 2024 (T.111 lakh) and the fourth installment in November 2024 (T.1191.615 lakh),” said Bah Rymbai.
It is learned that Mahipal has a chronic illness and for this reason, he dared to shoot the two children.
All participants were urged to wear masks and use sanitizer and to follow the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
“This monument was erected in memory of 26 Khasi (Labour Corps) who volunteered to take part in the First World War in France to carry ammunition, rifles and other items. other necessary equipment of the French army and the monument was unveiled in 1927," the organization said in the petition.
On the same day, the MLA also distributed raincoats to more than 50 residents who earn their living by selling to tourists in Laitlum, tourist guides and others. their work shall not fail even in the midst of the rain.
Despite the journey through many obstacles to bring about change in the society of the Khasi people, it continues even after 25 years, but the leaders and members of the party The New Rympei (SRT) did not respond at all.
Thus, this work remains unresolved to this day.
“We announce that we will continue the indefinite strike from the 18th of this month at the Parking Lot, near the Additional Secretariat Office, Shillong,” said Bah Rymbai.
Two persons including a woman and a member who were brought from Jowai to Shillong today fell ill and were admitted to hospital.
“We understand that this is a serious matter and for that reason at a long meeting we have decided to take this issue up for discussion on the 26th where we will also take a decision. Finally, how can we proceed further so that we cannot resolve and also to return the land that has already been handed over to Assam,” said Bah Jambor.
Smoke and fire came out of the plague and killed up to 80,000 people in an instant.
In the match organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA), both the teams tried to play strongly from the start.
Shillong: Warmawsaw is a village in Jirang area of ​​Ri-Bhoi District. It has about 300 households and is said to be the oldest village in Ri-Bhoi District.
Newspapers, television and social media write only about these incidents, he said.
The union also expressed its regret that the head, who is in charge of all these matters, does not have any information about this project and this makes the union very concerned that there may be someone who is involved. At the same time, the party understands that if it finds that there is and on all the facts regarding this proposal, the party will not forgive and will continue to the authorities of the law.
Amit Sinha was pronounced dead by the Medical Officer of Sanar International Hospital, Gurgaon while Digvijay Singh was also injured and was admitted to the same hospital.
The Editors, expressed their concern, that the Editors and Publishers, have been summoned to appear in court from time to time, on many occasions and this has made it difficult for them to fulfill their duties properly. of their daily work as journalists and which has made them busy, just to be summoned to appear before various courts.
Not only that, the deterioration of this road has also affected the health and cleanliness of the villages along this road due to the pum pum which has spread to the houses. the houses of the houses that are along this road.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) on Tuesday said that the purpose of the internal examination for Class IX is to ensure that schools should complete the course as stipulated in the the syllabus.
Speaking to media after a meeting between the Dorbar Shnong Mawshabuit, the East Khasi Hills District Administration and the Chiefs of Army Staff of the 58th Gorkha Training Centre, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawshabuit, Bah Richard Nongkhlaw said that at this meeting it was also decided to have a Joint Inspection between these three groups to resolve this problem which the residents have been facing for decades. Because of the construction of the nar gate by the army, it has become a source of confusion to the passengers.
Image credit: Conrad K Sangma.
The number of women was 20,314 and the number of men was 18,4
In West Garo Hills, there are four recoveries including two from the Armed Forces, one high risk and one from abroad.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Deaf Association (DAA) today held a meeting to discuss the issues related to the development of the visually impaired people. The Meghalaya Association of Persons with Disabilities under the auspices of the Federation of Persons with Disabilities, has held a sit-in demonstration at the parking lot of the Additional Secretariat to demand the rights of the people with disabilities. 4% in accordance with the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act,
He also expressed his satisfaction to see the doctors and nurses who have taken the initiative to run this hospital which still has many shortcomings in which they have tried to provide as much as possible by creating their own facilities.
Britain last year also began to introduce such laws to prevent and monitor the entry and exit of refugees into the country, but the Government's plan last year I went and stayed there.
Four of them were seriously injured and one of them was shifted to Sylhet MAG Osmani Medical College Hospital.
Speaking to media, the Executive Member in charge of the Market, Kong Grace Kharpuri said that with the approval of the Bill by the Governor, the Council can now even challenge the Bill. even the price of the mur so that the farmers who come to sell their produce will not be charged.
He said that there are six Khasi Himas (Jaintiapur, Khyrim, Sohra, Langrin, Nongspung and Nongstoin.
Therefore, my fellow countrymen and people, wake up and don't waste your wealth, because there is still time if you are quick, and don't delay, lest you fall into great captivity and enslavement again. other nations.
Pastor HL Syiemlieh, Secretary of the Managing Committee of the school, said that the school was established on 1st June 1973 as a Primary School.
On the part of Bah Titos Chyne, Special Guest, he said that the Sohryngkham and Mawryngkneng area is fortunate to have Bah Pyniaid as a leader and urged those who have received ambulances to provide services. the best they can do for the people.
The meeting was conducted by General Secretary Bam D, Kharjana, prayer was delivered by H.Pohthmi (MDC), F.Nongbri (NPYF State General Secretary), speech by Thombor Shiwat, CEM of JHADC, D. Rymbai, President Women Wing Jowai Block and Bormi Lyngdoh (NPYF District President) Bormi Lyngdoh.
Communications & IT Services and CSC, Banks & Treasuries, PHE, AH & Veterinary, Agriculture & Horticulture, C&RD. Open daily in all districts, including NFSA and NON-NFSA from 24th April, 2020 from 9.00 AM to 4.00 PM. The meeting was held at the District Transport Officer, Jowai.
Dr. Nalin Mehta, said that it is important to raise awareness among the public but it should be ensured that this way of raising awareness should be based on the mindset of cancer.
Rihanna, along with many other jobs, has also started her own clothing company exclusively for women.
The JAC includes the MPUF, the Ri-Bhoi Youth Organization (RBYO), the United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM), Saiñdur Tipkur Tipkha and the STIEH. ) and the Meghalaya People's Social Organization (MPSO).
Agriculture as it stands today is the backbone of the country's wealth.
This was known as the Sepoy Mutiny during the French rule.
“Those who help to shoot and set bombs in Tangmuri or Bhuri and others who are called by the branches if they have not been vaccinated will have to complete the tests and should be negative,” said Shallam. Persons over 60 years of age and children under 12 years of age will be prohibited from participating in this Behdieñkhlam.
Khalsa was the son of Beant Singh.
In the second innings of Zone 1, EJH lost 144 runs, while AJCA needed 235 runs to win the match. two days and the end.
Is there any way for these two public servants to remove the problem that the people have faced especially when the road in Jowai has turned into a dustbin or a garbage dump? the whole city was destroyed.
On the other hand, Rev JJM Nichols Roy is one of the seven children of Khah Than Roy and Rimai Syiemlieh.
The KJCLF recognizes and respects the great strength and steadfastness of the HNLC together with the two groups involved, and prays for the success of this necessary effort.
The reason is that the Congress party is working with the NPP in the Khasi Hills District Council.
“We need to be more aware of what the people want in the state.
We will meet with the Chief Minister on the 1st of January and bring back more details,” she said.
He said that other issues that they have demanded include the long-term payment of wages which does not agree with this and the price of goods in the market because they have fallen into the market. level of experienced workers.
He said that at this meeting it was expected to get the boundary of 500, we should ask for 1000 to get 500 and in relation to the boundary of Labang Nongphyllut we should not lose and if we lose, “It's not right to shed blood or die,” said Sungoh.
On the other hand, u Bah Robertjune, strongly criticized the statement issued by the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, in which he said that the state does not have the means to regularize the education system. “This statement of the Minister of Education is a sign of harm to the state, because this may mean that the state government will be able to close down all SSA schools, if the government Whether the state government will close down these schools and whether it will dismiss all the teachers”.
The floods have severely affected the Chungthang Dam, the largest hydropower plant in Sikkim, and the Teesta Stage-3 on the Teesta River which flows through Sikkim, West Bengal before entering Bangladesh. .
In the meeting, which was attended by the leaders and elders, the impact of the 6th Scheduled amendment in the state was discussed.
“The Warning to the Blind and Deaf Leaders” What happened between Elijah's trial and the 400 (Four hundred) – 500 (Five hundred) false prophets of their Baal God.
Benefits: These approved schemes will help in the responsible use of fertilizers and this will reduce the cost of farming.
“Prime Minister Narendra Modi is building a new India with new visions and aspirations for the youth of the country.
Jowai, Naitung 14: Students of Kiang Nangbah Government College, today, suddenly turned up at the DC office, where the district authorities were so confused that they could not stop the DC office. They even entered the ground floor of the office to shout and wave placards with their demands.
The sounds of this song are in the sound of a rushing and flowing river.
The mock exercise was conducted to simulate the earthquake of 1897 which started in Shillong and is the strongest earthquake in history.
Timi didn't miss the golden opportunity from a freekick and the Bakur goalkeeper couldn't save the ball.
Speaking to reporters, the seven households said that the Sordar of the village, Bah Srotting Thongni, had forced him to leave the village. All the old village office bearers were appointed by others who were willing to do so.
Earlier, the Assam police had admitted that Victoria had a mental illness and had taken her from the hospital to the police station in the evening. The Supreme Court has said that police cannot arrest women after sunset or before sunrise without special permission from the magistrates and if they violate this rule they will be punished. law.
The chief guest on the occasion, Bah Hamlet Dohling, MLA PDF from Mylliem and Minister of State in charge of Urban Affairs, distributed the prize in the presence of MLA PDF from Mylliem. Gavin M Mylliem, Teilinia S Thangkhiew, MDC of KHADC, Peter Passah BDO of Mylliem C&RD Block, elders and others.
Khimlang Thangkhiew scored the first goal in the 26th minute.
Shylla said that the Syiem cannot give the land because the Hima does not have land.
In the 2008 MLA elections, PT Sawkmie left the MDP and joined the UDP, but was defeated by Founder Strong Cajee who was elected as the MLA of the party. Representative of Congress.
He said that in 2016 he was elected as an MDC from the Congress party, but he had to surrender and leave the Congress party, because it had overthrown Bah P.N. Syiem u whom we fully supported at that time, but now this leader has turned against us and the party which we formed and formed, so he urged everyone to work for the party. work with humility and love, for humility and joy do not go anywhere.
John F Kharshiing has requested the President of Meghalaya BJP to send these documents to Shri Nalini Kholi, Spokesperson, BJP. .
Others who attended the meeting included Tengrak R Marak, Meghalaya TMC candidate from Bajengdoba constituency and former MDC from Raksamgre constituency, Rongban Marak.
However, Assam does not hesitate to complain.
THE LAST DAYS. Therefore know and understand that the end will come.2 Timothy
It was also decided to open two markets in Huroi, East Jaintia Hills and Dalu in West Garo Hills soon.
Speaking at a meeting held after the march from Lad Umsaw to 14 Mer, the President of the Seng, Bah Donbok Dkhar, said that these two brothers have destroyed the Bri u Hynniewtrep. who is like your mother.
The leaf also begins to change colour, and the color after the harvest is slightly red.
In the ejahar, the former AIG said that another part of the matter is false as shown by the following facts: “Lajja Ram Bishnoi who holds the post of Director The General of Police, Meghalaya, arrived in Shillong on 17th June 2022 in a Kia Carnival Limousine model registered with the Government of Assam. Bishnoi has changed the number plate of the vehicle and now he has put a new number plate with the registration number ML-02-A-0 He said that the white Kia Carnival Limousine was hired for purposes that only Bishnoi knew well. this same vehicle for personal purposes, as evidenced by the photographs taken with this vehicle.
He said as seen, the UDP and HSPDP have nominated candidates and the NPP wants to contest the upcoming MP elections.
New Delhi: The Serum Institute of India (SII) today announced that the Covishield injection will cost Rs 600 per injection.
Fortunately, there are still some who truly seek God with all their hearts, that God is still giving only signs, and has not yet brought His destruction.
This is a scheme, which is designed to help the poor, who cannot afford to get tested at expensive hospitals.
Replying to this, Dr. Mukul Sangma said that the government wants to pass the Bill not within six months, but it wants it before six months, but he said he cannot say. He said that he will try his best to persuade the Governor to pass the Bill and he said that during the discussion it is not yet known what will happen whether the Governor will pass or not. He promised to try his best to get the Bill passed.
They also requested that the Municipal Department, when it starts to demolish this place, please do as much as possible to complete it as soon as possible so that we can live again in the same place and that the market will be the same again. as it is added the food and tea vendors.
The youth was identified as Tony Marbaniang, who lives at the Police Reserve, as his father works as a policeman.
AIS SujaWhen God created hell, he did not intend to create it for mankind.
Shillong, July 05: BJP MP Tarun Vijay has submitted a petition to the Chairman of the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) Justice KG Balakrishnana on the violation of human rights of traditional religious believers in the country. The Seng Khasi in Meghalaya.
That is why the Word of God says – I have not turned aside from the commandments of his lips; : 12.
The Central Executive Committee of the party on Monday decided to hand over to the State Election Committee to consider and select the most suitable candidate to contest from the ticket. party.
Therefore, on these grounds, the union urges the district chief to take action according to the law.
There was a search for remains from the fighter jet.
Other markets in Khasi Hills where the government is preparing to improve these markets include Tamabil in Dawki, West Jaintia Hills to set up an Integrated Check Post (ICP) by the Land Port Authority of India. (LPAI).
Shyam Lal Yadav, 74, said that the incident has been going on for three years now, after he hit his head, but he left it alone and was covered with a shniuh. .
: The good news for those who have been locked in the air lock like diesel vehicles, is that the government will open the shops.
The Lok Sabha MP elections will be held in seven phases, including Meghalaya with two seats, Shillong and Meghalaya. Tura fell in the first round.
“What class did you finish...?” He asked. “B.A and I finished Mama...” Lydia said.
On the other hand, the women's team of North Liberty High School will play against Kiang Nangbah.
After the outbreak of Covid 19 in Meghalaya, many people have misunderstood the quarantine order imposed by the government on all those who come from outside the state or those who are inside the state.
This is the responsibility of the government to expedite the implementation.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today sent a letter to the Chief Minister and the Minister of Law and Justice of the State Government, expressing its disagreement with the decision of the High Court Judge U SR Sen that foreigners of Hindu, Sikh, Buddhist, Jain, Parisian, Christian and other religions will be allowed to become Indian citizens regardless of whether they have proper documents and how they are citizens. rung in the country of India.
Nongpoh: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang Constituency, on Tuesday urged the people of Ri Bhoi District and other districts in the state to cooperate and put in order what the government has done. The state has made arrangements to curb the spread of the Corona Virus (COVID-19), which has spread around the world.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong will face Mohun Bagan in the pre-quarter of the Super Cup tomorrow at Kalinga Stadium at 4 PM. Lajong beat Pune City 3-1 in the first leg of the tournament with goals from Abdoulaye Koffi, Rakesh Pradhan and Samuel Lalmuanpuia.
Mondal said this while participating in a meeting organized by the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy (MNRE) in New Delhi to discuss the challenges and opportunities to improve the generation of electricity in the country. in Eastern Thailand.
Commenting on the TMC leaders' protests against the MOU in Delhi, Tynsong said Dr. Mukul Sangma wanted to contest the elections from Assam which showed that he had gone to Delhi to stage a dharna.
Shillong, Jymmang 06 : Thousands of people on Monday turned out to support the NPP candidate from Mylliem, Bah Hamlet Dohling for the MLA elections to be held on the 27th of this month.
The 9th South West Khasi Hills District Badminton Championships 2023 has concluded on Tuesday at the Indoor Stadium, Mawkyrwat.
We don't know exactly how many illegal factories in Shallang have been operating.
Guwahati: Kumar's visit to Shillong was on the orders of the Supreme Court to cooperate with the CBI investigation. Prime Minister Narendra Modi has arrived in Guwahati to protest against the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill.
Although all these have been accompanied by fierce fighting between Christian and non-Christian ethnic groups, bloodshed, search and destruction of fellow fighters, many of the residents have piety and righteousness and which was the protection of that Country.
The JSU said that if the government cannot arrest these mynder who are involved in the attack and killing of the KSU member, it shows that the government has no responsibility to bring peace. he is the owner of the land.
The new cases include 171 cases from East Khasi Hills, 57 cases from West Garo Hills, 24 cases from South West Garo Hills, 14 cases from Ri Bhoi, 12 cases from Eastern West Khasi Hills, Hills 7, South Garo Hills 8, North Garo Hills 6, East Jaintia Hills 2, East Garo Hills 1.
“We are happy to be in Shillong which is the capital of music in India,” said the four Somkies.
The victim was identified as a government employee of the Veterinary Department, and the attack on such officers expresses concern for the safety of all the residents. “It is especially important for those living in the border areas who are backward and poor,” said Dr. R Laloo, District Emmunization Officer East Khasi Hills, Shillong. The CORBEVAX vaccine will be given to children between the ages of 12 to 14 years as a primary vaccination and precaution dose after 6 months or 26 months of vaccination. The second dose of Covaxin or Covishield vaccine for those over 18 years of age will continue on the date of starting.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 29: The Vice President of the FKJGP Rangblang Circle, Bah Eldie N.Lyngdoh in his speech at the meeting to re-establish the circle of the FKJGP Rangblang Circle, urged that as members of the party they should not join and advertise just to earn money in the name of the party, but they should go along with the people to carry out any work.
New Delhi: Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan today suspended 24 members of the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) from the House for five days. that they were disrupting the orderly proceedings of the House on Tuesday.
Returning to another part of the discussion, which is related to the Online Service.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Monday demanded that the Director of School Education and Literacy should immediately withdraw the show cause notice against the Principal of Government Girls' Higher Secondary School, Jowai. allowing the students to play the right song for this party.
On the part of Sutnga MDC, Bah Seiborlang Shadap, he congratulated Santa Mary Shylla for providing this ambulance to Umkiang village to provide services to the people of the area. near Umkiang, urged the drivers to take good care of the vehicle, as this vehicle is to help the sick people and to provide services to the community.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah D.Rapsang, District Youth Coordinator, NYK Sangathan, East Khasi Hills, urged all the participants to train themselves to walk. day so that they can have a healthy body.
As India and the USA usher in an era of technology-enabled cooperation, it also marks the beginning of a journey in which Prime Minister Narendra Modiu said, “New lights are shining. came out".
He urged the residents to come forward for testing so that they can protect themselves, their families and the community.
He recalled that in 1983-1984, Bah Bull and Bah Macolm were arrested on charges of fighting against the Indian government.
When trying to talk to some of the buyers, they said that they don't have that fear and it depends on the sellers, because they have already explained that they are now selling only the They added that there is no impact on the consumers and buyers so they don't have any fear.
“Therefore, I have requested the KPC Company which has signed an MOU with the government to build this College at Umsawli (New Shillong) which is the land of the department but this land also has only 17 acres and According to the MCI rules, to build a Medical College, you need to have 20 acres of land.
According to him, the Seng has also found that many of these government schools do not have enough doors and windows as well.
In a letter sent to the Chief Minister, Deputy Chief Minister in charge of PWD and also to the Minister in charge of Forest and Environment, the union has expressed its concern. The residents of Upper Shillong have been facing traffic jams in the Upper Shillong area.
“At the same time, the state should ensure that the animals are cared for, even those that are slaughtered and those used for other purposes.
Throughout the day, there were many programs to explain to the farmers, the exhibition of the old farmland in the area, the screening of short films on agriculture and others including the hard work of the farmers. PES scheme and others.
Reddy said the project has been completed in all eight states of the North East, within about 75 days which is also a record for any type of project implemented in the North East. The North Eastern Council under the policy of “Act First & Fast for North East”.
Saleng said that the incident on this day was not a sudden incident but a planned one.
“According to him, 27 persons have crossed the border and there is no problem for them and they will return to their home state in the next few days,” he said.
“The reply of the CDPO that the suspension is because the office made a mistake in typing the name in the resolution,” said Lyngdoh and added that the CDPO has also issued the admit card. I wanted to take the examination for the post of Anganwadi helper but I refused.
It is also true that the residents of these villages, have to face difficulties in coming and going, due to the lack of roads, where if they need to go to Nongpoh, they have to pass through. The roads of Assam, but now that the construction of this road has started and how much more when it is completed, it will be a blessing to the people in these villages, because they will get a better road. They don't need to pass through the roads of Assam.
This was revealed at the groundbreaking ceremony on 30th November, 2022 for the upgradation of the Community Health Center (CHC) to Primary. The Health Center (PHC) in Jongksha village has been opened for 26 years.
Speaking to media after taking over as MLA, Bah Gabriel Wahlang said, “I thank God for opening this opportunity for me to reach the this is the thong.
The Khasi singer Pynshisha Suchiang and the tyngshop Shidor Passah took part in the song.
New Delhi, Jymmang 29: The Government of India today decided to abolish the plan and non-plan budget from 2017-1
Shillong, November 25: The KSU Upper Shillong Circle under the leadership of Samla Shngainlang Sohkhlet President has met with the DC regarding the elimination of alcohol in the Upper Shillong area for more than two months.
All these seven kings and the one who will be the eighth king are enemies of Israel.
The shooting of sword in Nongnah village has been going on since the ancient times until today when the elders used to play this game and now this shooting is still alive in this village, but according to In this age of Christians, there is no longer any sacrifice in this game, but it has become a kind of festival.
Therefore, these rules and regulations pose a threat to the government employees and the people, especially in these critical times amid the loss of income of lakhs of people who are only poor. u color.
Speaking to Rupang, one of the leaders of STIEH, Badarity Nonglait, said that the meeting between STIEH and the Governor today was very pleasant.
BK Bajoria Higher Secondary School won the toss and elected to bat first.
Shillong Lajong FC vs Mawlai SC in the second round of the Shillong Premier League match between Shillong Lajong FC and Mawlai SC. The referee and the linesmen who conducted the match, said that the heavy rainfall came in the afternoon, especially before the start of the second half, and within 17 minutes of the match. When they found out that the ground was flooded, they decided to suspend the match immediately.
Shillong, Naitung 8: Nine members of the A'chik Songna An'pa Chakgipa Kotok (ASAK) gang have been arrested today from different parts of William Nagar in East Garo Hills district.
Instead of setting the buses outside, it would have been better to take them outside and use them.
C.Pynsakhiat Yeini Kyndiah December 30, 2022 The years pass, the times change, only in the stories we hear even if we don't see those years that have passed.
Bah Bull was indeed an iron man along with Tirot Singh, Kiang Nangbah and Wixcliffe Syiem, whom our Hynniewtrep people have produced.
The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC), under the RTI Act, 2005, has exposed the MDA government's expenditure of more than T.4 crore in the last three years. salaries of Chairman, Co-Chairman, Vice-Chairman, Deputy Chairman and members of the Meghalaya Economic Development Council (MEDC) and MREGC.
The dorbar pyllun also decided that if there is any problem in the village, the executive committee will take responsibility and the dorbar also decided that the two executive committees of the village should visit them. houses that die of grief.
On the part of Lumhsyiap Village, they have decided to maintain and plant 10 acres of land around the tlong to maintain and plant trees to strengthen the water supply.
These trucks (ML-10C-0875, ML-10B-2045 and ML-05D-4930) were seized while they were trying to smuggle coal from Umjarong and Saw Number, Ribhoi District.
Explaining about the incident, the victim said that the purpose of their visit to the Dhaba was to visit and also to talk to the owner of the Dhaba. They advised him not to do this again or to turn the Dhaba into an Awria camp, as it would affect the dignity of the village and also that there would be many riots.
“We have already sent a letter to the DC of East Jaintia Hills to demand that the order should be lifted, but as the government has not listened, we have staged a protest today,” he said. said the President of the JSM, Lening Dkhar.
Brol was sworn in by the Governor, Tathagata Roy, at a short ceremony held at Raj Bhavan.
The reception was led by WJDBA President Ma Wanbait Ksoo, MDC Shangpung JTreilang Suchiang, WJBA Chief Adviser Rudolf E Laloo and others.
B Richard Uriah, Principal of North Liberty HSS, said that the selection is for the U-14 Boys and U-17 categories.
The RBI’s sale of gold in the last four months, which reached $1.15 billion, shows that it is very fast, as the gold was sold in just four months.
On the other hand, the plaintiff said that there has been a landslide in the past months on the road from Malidor to Ratacherra, but nothing has been done about it.
The SP said that they have no authority from the government to speak under the UAP Act and their visit is suspicious.
Thousands of spectators from all over the Nongstoiñ area, who came to witness the match which started today, were delighted with the sound of the match especially from United SC Kolkata, which won the title. great game sound from start to finish.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The body of Augustlang Binan, a 15-year-old boy who died in a famine in Bihar, has arrived home this evening. The funeral service will be held tomorrow at Pyrnai, Pynursla.
Nangkiew Irat SC, which is in fourth position with 5 points, will play against Ryntih SC, which is in fourth position with 10 points.
Anurag Thakur was accompanied by a group of officers and dignitaries.
The district administration has also enforced Section 144 CrPC in the district.
Shillong, Lber 14 : The Tribal Design Forum and the IEQ Foundation have joined hands to offer up to 1000 scholarships to students preparing for the Staff Selection Commission (STE) examination. from the Scheduled Tribes of India (as mentioned in the ST list of the Government of India).
The state government has said that it will take all necessary measures to ensure peace and stability on the border between Meghalaya and Assam and urged the people of the state not to believe the rumors. was published by extremists, and it also directed the press to verify any incident before publishing it in the press.
“My concern is that the law should be equal for all and no one should be discriminated against and this will be my request to the government,” he added.
They then beat Nagaland by 128 runs before losing to Mizoram by 191 runs.
However, after Amit Shah left for Delhi, they could not talk to him.
He said that today the District Administration has held a meeting with all the leaders of political parties to explain the implementation of the Model Code of Conduct and also to follow the rules. The Model Code of Conduct states that if they hold public meetings or rallies, they must get permission from the office of the District Election Officer so that there will be no impact on the preparation for this election. and also that the people should be able to elect those leaders according to the rights enshrined in the Constitution of the country, he added.
These schools will be built in Meghalaya and will be located across the state.
It was while he was asking questions to the DC by ringing video that Shah became angry and grabbed the camera and touched Medhi.
Tura: Police in East Garo Hills, have arrested a robber who kidnapped a sying trader from Rongsak in the past few days.
Such students who have been employed abroad have completed training from 18 Training Centers of the Government of Meghalaya in Guwahati.
After seizing these items, when they reached the Ktem, a group of people came and threw stones and empty bottles, in which one BSF personnel was injured.
Up to 650 participants of which 150 were women, took part in the race.
“The leaders have moved from one party to another and this has confused the people, so this has affected the way of voting and producing a different decision, especially in Khasi Hills,” he said. add more.
The program was inaugurated by the Chief Guest, MDC, Jowai Central in the presence of the Chairman & Administrator of the school, Aris J Nongkynrih, Headmistress, P.Jana and members of the School Management. Committee.
He said that the arrival of these dewbilat factories in the village and surrounding villages is through the promise of employment and economic development of the villages, but what they evidence is that they have instead been causing environmental damage, loss of water sources and air pollution.
At the same time, farmers are requested to contact the Rapid Response Team of the department by phoning the Helpline Number for assistance in spraying the area and surrounding areas. In addition, people who care for animals affected by LSD should wear handkerchiefs and face masks, and should also avoid the movement of people to and from the household where the cows are affected.
The decision was taken after Prime Minister Narendra Modi met with the education department.
In another incident, many people who wanted to withdraw money from the Meghalaya Rural Bank or the Rural Bank in Umden, had to pay T. one withdrawal slip or withdrawal slip when you want to withdraw money.
The union also suspended Blasters coach Ivan Vukomanovic for T.5 lakh and a 10-match suspension.
Shillong: The Rot Association of Meghalaya (RAM) in a statement issued today alleged that its members were assaulted in Baridua by members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC). The organization, sent in English, complained that the law, which allows for the criminalization of male and female prostitutes, no longer provides protection to women involved in prostitution.
Nongpoh, Nailar 17: The Umsning Town Durbar, as one of the groups that provides services to the villages in the Umsning Area, has come forward to congratulate the Government of Meghalaya, which came after the visit. One of the officers who used to serve in Ri Bhoi District has changed many things in his service as an officer.
Peter works as a manager in a hardware store.
It is alleged that these MeECL employees are helping the robbers to turn off the electricity in Rymbai.
From one body, Jesus, came 41,000 branches.
“Culture is inherited from the languages ​​spoken by parents from childhood,” said Prof. Jyrwa and added that orphans inherit from those who raise them.
The school has been constructed at a cost of T.52 lakh through the School Infrastructure Upgradation Project of the state government.
Mawkyrwat, March 20: The Nonglang Sports Club (NSC) has been preparing for its 50th Golden Jubilee in
The request for clarification by the team was made after the report of Justice T Vaiphei was submitted to the Legislative Assembly in the Dorbar Synrai last year.
He said that following this, government departments should prepare roster registers and roster accounts by recording the information provided by the MPSC or any government appointment authority.
Jowai, Jymmang 25: The deterioration of the Jowai By-Pass road from Mukhla to Soomer (Mihmyntdu) has increased with the passing of the days. big time.
Unidentified robbers have robbed the State Bank of India (SBI) ATM at ICAR, Umïam by breaking the door and the coin lock. behind the bank to gain entry.
This burning not only affects the forests and the environment, but also affects the health of the people as it causes many diseases.
In the meantime, he slammed those who wanted to be honored for the sake of the fertilizer to make the people who were stupid.
Pynursla Police Station is conducting investigation into the incident.
“The land is precious for the Hynniewtrep people, it cannot be used by people who have no right to it,” he said.
Members of the KSU Hingaria Unit and the land owners have gone to stop the construction on the border on the grounds that the government authorities or the companies in charge of the construction have not listened. Mynthi has failed to pay the compensation to the landowners who are entitled to receive it for the destruction and damage to the crops produced by the NBCC company.
Police said that the 12 wheeler truck (AS 01FC 0847) carrying clinker was coming from Lumshnong to Guwahati when it collided with a khwai truck (NL 02K 9774) when it reached Jowai bypass. Pawan Basumatri and his wife fell 150 ft high.
Riewhadem               25.000                                  0. 6 .                                    28.000                                                    0.
And to prepare the bniat if there are 32 pieces.
As a leader from this constituency which is lagging behind in many aspects and especially for those villages which are far from Umsning C&RD Block, it is therefore necessary to bring the C&RD Block to Mawhati, where the benefits Not only for those villages which fall under Mawhati constituency, but also for those villages which fall under Nongpoh constituency and which are far from Umling C&RD Block.
The first step towards being able to stop and prevent all such things begins with all of our assessments.
England's return to face India will be in July 2024 for four Test matches in which both teams will compete for Anthony de Mello. Trophy.
According to the Executive Member, the house is built of shken (as the people of the area usually build houses) and the house is cleaned of lyntang.
The death toll has risen to 1,95,1
Months and years have passed, the KSU has not received any reply from the government or the company NBCC. signboard work and road construction.
In 2021, the Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government approved the Rules which clearly state that professors are prohibited from taking part in politics.
Shillong, March 2: U Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today said that the State Government, together with the High Court, Shillong, have agreed to set up a Special Court for the purpose of Inquiry into the incidents of riots in Shillong and that those involved in these riots should be held responsible and pay for all the costs.
Kishore was arrested after a complaint by residents of Baghmara that the maintenance of the road has been too slow, which is one of the worst in the area.
Taiwan on Tuesday announced that Chinese warplanes and warships have been seen again. Taiwan is also a serious threat to Taiwan as it could be attacked by China at any unknown time.
Speaking at the meeting, Prof DP Goyal, Director, IIM Shillong expressed his gratitude for the great deeds of the late former President Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam and for his vision to increase the growth of the park.
Regarding Sohra, he said that the Circle will hold a meeting and the name of the candidate will be sent.
Isn't this a misuse of the farmers by inviting them to that meeting to show those who came from outside that the farmers have benefited a lot?
He said that there will also be a special meeting to allow the people to express their feelings before the party leader and as the party leader she will also speak on many party leaders especially to Therefore, I would like to strengthen this party before the 2023 elections and if it comes to power, many changes will come in Meghalaya.
About the planet Pluto, there is no exact information.
“They do this at the last minute because they don't have enough candidates to win again,” said Dr Mukul.
Jowai, July 17: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday conducted a joint inspection of the Wah Myntdu River in the presence of the Assistant Commissioner, officers. from the PWD (RDS), Water Resources Division, leaders of the Jaintia Fishing Environment Protection Association, leaders of the Wah Myntdu Cleanliness and the residents of Jowai.
“We are surprised that there are 15 members in the Dorbar, the government should have sent a letter to the EC or District Council to say that the MDC should be removed from the Council, but we have not received any information. that too from the government,” he said.
Shillong: A mobile vehicle was found to have been thrown into the water tank of Nongkseh, Upper Shillong, behind the Dispensary in Laimer, Upper Shillong.
With this central issue, the women discussed and decided to implement it in the village churches, religious institutions and this decision was taken on the closing day of the dorbar.
“Let this heritage be a vision and let the youth use their God-given talents and use them properly so that they can bring victory, because the victory of the youth is a pride for the nation and the country as a whole,” said Samla Lambok.
On the same issue, the Mawlieh Area Unit recently visited the road from the bye pass Mawrusyiar, Syllang, Steplanglur to Mawlieh and the deterioration of the road is the same even to Rambrai. .
The family members of the mother, who is from Mawlai Mawtawar Village, alleged that the death of the child was due to the delay of the hospital in providing treatment.
The patient, a young man who has been suffering from asthma for more than 8 months, has been treated outside for high blood pressure and has not been able to recover. to heal.
Leaders of KSU Jowai Circle, Leningrad Tariang General Secretary, Phrangki Papeng Finance Secretary and others were present.
Recently, the leaders of 8 villages in the Nongpoh area have protested against the extinguishing of the fire, who have expressed the same voice of opposition, but now the elders of the area have protested. Jirang, who expressed the problem caused by the load shedding and which has affected the students.
Ex.Rev.K.LangrinAny sin that remains in our lives is evil and leads to hell.
Shirodkhar and Sopte left Panaji on Tuesday evening along with BJP Goa chief Vinay Tendulkar and Health Minister Vishwajit Rane. .
Umphyrnai SC played strongly from the start and in a few minutes managed to score through Damanglang Kharbyngar who scored in the 9th minute.
It was decided that after the GPS Survey, there will be a distribution of Kur land, especially for those Kurs who do not have even a house.
This allows us to carry information and visions about the ways of life and behavior of different peoples in the world through radio, television, newspapers, novels, cinemas and videos and also through the internet. .
Lakador said the arrested youths are still under further police investigation and the Board has also banned them from applying for jobs in the police department from now on.
Mantiphrang said that they have been waiting for a long time since the 3rd when the Commissioner & Secretary directed the MeECL authorities to call for talks with them to resolve the issues but it has not called at all. days and they cannot take away this more difficult time.
Khroo Lamsalanki Pariat, President KYM ​​who conducted the meeting welcomed all those who attended the meeting and explained the KYM's commitment to protect the Myntdu River in collaboration with the government authorities. After this briefing, many of the participants of the meeting took part in the meeting to give their views on how to find ways and means to strengthen the KYM through its working methods.
The vacancy was announced on October 20th.
Shillong: Today, 28th November 2020, there have been 71 cases of COVID-19 in the state and 129 recoveries per day.
He urged all the citizens who have reached the age of 18 years and above to value their vote regardless of their religion, race, lifestyle or language.
The corruption was discovered through the RTI of Bah Lespher Mawlong, who is also the elder of the village.
The MDA Government has recently suddenly dismissed Jainal Rymmai, Director of Inquiry and Prosecution, Rymphang Pde and Anil K. Sangma, Investigating Officers of the Meghalaya Lokayukta.
Another issue will be to discuss the issue of infiltration from Bangladesh and terrorist activities in the country. people have been killed in the collision of a petrol truck with a bus.
The sixth phase will be held on 25th June while the ninth and final phase will be held on 1st July and the counting of votes will be held on 4th July.
“We also invite the Prime Minister, Government Ministers, MLAs, MDCs and the people to pray together for 12 hours to get the best blessings from God,” she said.
Therefore, to curb these liquor shops which are accustomed to violating the law, the union urges the DC to take action and especially those who are accused of selling illegally even in places near religious holy places. at the same time to avoid any conflict especially at this time when other religions are still in their rituals, he added.
“We are sorry for the loss to the people of the State,” said the statement.
This happened immediately after Bah Dkhar, who was elected as the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, went to support the NPP to form a government.
The children also had the opportunity to meet and discuss with the Chi Iung group, Simi Kongthiang, filmmaker Irene Dkhar and Miss North East, Ehok Suchiang. , Eugene Lyngdoh who is a famous football player of the state and others.
Besides the chief guest, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, office bearers of the neighboring Seng Samla Shnong, and other elders who were invited to attend the celebration.
The chief guest who attended the ceremony was Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla along with JHADC MDCs, Catholic Church ministers, teachers and students. To work hard to win the title and bring honor to the school, the District and the State, at the same time he announced a donation of 50 thousand tyngka.
She said that these two markets were the source of income for the residents of the area at that time and the trade with the people of Thor was also free using the Wah Umiam. or Bakra Shella to carry their goods that they buy from these markets.
They said that Assam is a state close to North Garo Hills and Assam is in the midst of a massive spread of COVID-19 with more than 20 people infected. This disease is increasing every day.
He said the NLCN and another group known as the Ri War Development Organization (RWDO) which has started to appear as a rebel group, have merged and said there may be other groups. “We will know all this after we have investigated them (NLCN members),” he said.
The BSF personnel thanked the women for their efforts to be handed over to their sisters.
The dewbilat companies told the court that the revenue collection of the Doloi is no longer there and therefore they want to end the case, but the Doloi said that the weather has destroyed the area. , animals have become extinct and forests have been destroyed, due to the mining of mineral resources by these dewbilat companies.
Shillong: There have been 392 cases of covid-19 in the state today, 254 recoveries and 4 deaths.
Requesting that the Government should maintain its authority and curb any evils that may affect the peace and stability of the two communities and the State as a whole, by ensuring that there is no outside influence. and those who have taken advantage of the unity between these two nations.
He was appointed as a mess manager by the hostel manager and was appointed to look after the 45 children of the hostel. pay for school fees, hostel fees and hostel fees.
In the past few months, the Governor has informed that the VAB has been sent to the Ministry of Home Affairs for further consideration.
Speaking after the announcement of her name, Dr Jesmine thanked the NPP for giving her the party ticket to contest from this constituency.
The chief guest was the Additional Deputy Commissioner, FB Basan as the chief guest in the presence of the District Sports Officer, K Passah. The West Jaintia Boxing Association (WJBA) in collaboration with the District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District has organized the All Jaintia Open Boxing Championship 2023 at Ladthadlaboh Ground. on Thursday.
Jaylynn RM Marak scored 11 runs while Janicka R Marak scored 11 runs.
The Court has fixed the hearing of the case for 9th November.
Sakwang SC beat Jakrem SC 3-1 in the first half of the second half with Jonnywell Wanniang scoring the first goal for Sakwang SC. minutes and 70th minutes and another goal was scored by R.Wartde in the 25th minute.
The conversion of races shall be banned immediately.
The National People's Party (NPP) candidate for the Shillong Parliamentary seat, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh on Friday urged the political parties to refrain from criticizing the recruitment of teachers. is still in court.
Ajay Tirkey, Secretary, Department of Land Resources, conducted the National Conference.
In the women's category, Happiness Phawa came first, while Monlangki Kyndait and Mini Kyndait both from Mihmyntdu came second and three.
This disobedience of the residents to the orders of the government and the village authority has affected the residents who do not get the food items as they should have received from the markets as before the ban. village and at the same time urged the District Authorities of West Jaintia Hills and the Government of Meghalaya to please deliver the food items to their villages so that the residents can buy these food items which the Government. “If the government doesn't deliver the food items to their village, this will affect the residents of Kyndongtuber village,” said Waheh Shnong Shiwa Siangshai.
Among other countries leading the race for this year's tournament and those who will play against these countries, Qatar is the most prominent country that is now preparing for the tournament. to take steps to host the tournament after the country as a whole has been successful and equal after hosting the FIFA World Cup last year; While India, Germany and Egypt are now emerging as the leading countries to compete for the tournament and Mexico has already qualified for the tournament in the same region. related to the field.
“The executive committee of JHADC under the leadership of Thombor Chiwat CEM JHADC has visited the cement factories in Lumshnong in 2020 with the intention of installing monitoring gates. The farmers who earn money have forgotten about these factories which produce crores.
Speaking on the occasion, Ms B Ranee as the chief guest said that the National Voters Day was celebrated on the 25th of July 1950 which is the birthday of the ECI in the country. The main objective of the celebration is to encourage the people to participate in their right to vote especially those youth who have just received their EPICs and not to neglect their right to vote. they are the leaders.
The names of the boys are U-14: Rahul Mahato1st MLP Bn Sec School, Hadrian K Jyrwa, Damonkio D Lamare Osisa Sevenhut Sec School, Shanbor Wanniang Hr Sec School, Ferdinan C Chyne Sevenhut Hr Sec School, Tylliborlang Nong-rum Brookeside Adventist School.
The Waheh Shnong of Nongsning, Dipsing Bareh said that this water is the dirtiest and urged the government to take action to address the problem of the residents to get clean drinking water.
The cause of the fire is still unknown.
Shillong, March 27: An emergency meeting of the D.El.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: U Bah Donbok Jyrwa, President of the Local Taxi Welfare Association of East Khasi Hills, on Tuesday said that the District Council's decision to send online payment of professional tax has caused inconvenience to the people.
After this many differences of opinion and disputes arose between the British Government and the Khasi Hima such as the Sutnga Hima, Nongstoin Hima, Langrin Hima and so on.
HUAM urges the contractor who is constructing the bridge to ensure that those employees of the company who have suffered injuries should receive medical treatment and all their expenses.
