In Meghalaya, the Congress has won 22 seats, while the NPP has won 16 and the BJP four.
If Mbappe were to sign he would be the most expensive player of all.
While you are learning, you are learning.
There were 24 candidates who attended the personal interview and MeECL in its notification No.137/2019/239 has immediately suspended the personal interview.
Mulang Ialong, Royal Pole Mihmyntdu, FAM and Demthring won the Third Division and Under-17 football tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Tuesday.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, held a meeting with the Chief Officers of the Ministry of Mining and Forest and officials of the Central Mine Planning and Design Institute Limited (CMPDI) today.
In a petition signed by Kupbor Lyngdoh, President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi Sepngi, it was stated that the reason why the HYC has not taken this step to demand the resignation of the doctor. They have received many complaints from the residents of the area, who have complained to the union alleging that the doctor has not taken care of his duty.
There are rules and regulations that residents or landowners or forest owners must follow and implement.
It was also that night for the first time that they ate their own food.
The festival has been funded by the District Administration in collaboration with the Ministry of Tourism and Sub-Division Amlarem in collaboration with the DTPDS. “It's a good idea to encourage the youth to stand on their own feet,” said the Chairman of the Society, Bah Reachingson Kongwang.
With the launch of PRIME, it has encouraged and encouraged the people of the state to work hard in their skills, to improve the livelihoods of the state, to improve in all aspects the quality of life in the state, to improve the state in all aspects.
Besides, those who leave in the morning, those who get people, most of the time, don't come back, they have to stay overnight, or if they want to come back, they have to come back empty-handed and this is a big loss. The vehicles, which are traveling between Shillong and Guwahati in these days.
Replying to these questions, the CEM said that Block-II is under the border dispute and the border between Meghalaya and Assam will be resolved in Phase-II but the KHADC is still looking into whether it is possible to Because of the order of the state government to close all the gates, we have to stop until we have agreed with the state government and what remains now is how to do it and where to put it and the office has been completed. late inspection.
The PDF and HSPDP, who support the MDA Government, are only Niangkohnguh and praise the Government, because they don't want to share anything because they are low paid and by mistake they have been shocked. The NPP is the most paid party in the Government.
The Deputy Commissioner, West Khasi Hills District, Bah Garod LSN Dykes, IAS, today informed the public that the Lok Sabha elections, 2024 will be held in the State and the country as a whole. 324-A of the M.E.Act, 1945 has declared a 'drug free day' throughout the district.
Are you like that...?” Bahnah said, “Oh, that's right... Let's do that.
Dikshit in her meeting with Agriculture Minister Sharad Pawar and Food Minister KV Thomas requested them to reduce the price of piat.
It is worth mentioning that many of the residents have protested and complained about the pum puh from the gate and many of them have not been able to do anything, because until now there have been no supervisors and the authorities. They don't see the problem of the residents.
After leaving Egypt, the Moses Group settled in Canaan and recognized it as the land of freedom that God had promised to give them.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
However, after the buyers of the land, could not confirm the safety and intention of the Assam Rifle on what it intends to use the land, they just said that it intends to use the land. build schools, colleges and dispensaries and others.
The JAC today convened a meeting to discuss the toll plaza fees which have increased by two or three percent after the implementation of FASTag in Hynniawmer.
Report to the Police.
It is not known why the Fisheries Department has come to conduct this test again, when the Food Safety Department has lifted the ban on the import of fish from abroad.
He said that as soon as he received information about the incident, he called the Registrar and the officers of the university to discuss the incident.
He said that as it is now, it is clear that there is no order in the administration of the customs and traditions or the procedures authorized by the District Councils.
Without a road, it means that people are still living in the midst of a very serious modern-day crisis.
The reason is that the Manifesto of the VPP is different from the Manifestos of other parties because it is clearer and more in line with the aspirations of the people.
The decision was announced at a public meeting of NPP workers and supporters held at St. John Rambrai Square in the presence of thousands of people. “Because the three leaders of the NPP party in Rambrai, Bah World Champion Paliar, Bah Bajop Pyngrope and Bah Kimfa Marbaniang, have been arrested. I announce that one C&RD Block will be established in Rambrai and one in Nonglang and Langpih which will also include the villages under Mawshynrut MDC Constituency where both these C&RD Block will be operational. Prestone Tynsong confirmed.
In West Khasi Hills, 52 cases, including 3 health workers, 3 cases from Mawshut cluster, 17 cases from Nongkyna cluster, 12 cases from Pyndengrei cluster and 3 cases from Upper New Nongstoin cluster.
Regarding this damage, the union has requested the state government authorities to send for an inspection of these pests and also to provide assistance as compensation to those farmers who have been affected. affected by this insect attack.
“We will have two parts of the manifesto, one for the indigenous people and one for everyone as well as issues related to the state,” said Bah Mawrie.
“We have no doubt that under the leadership of the new DGP who has been in office for many years and has served many years in the State and in the Central Government departments, ," stated many police officers.
To conduct trainings for victims of violence and PLHIV in employment opportunities and development activities.
When he knows that once he passes and gets a job, the salary will be high.
The distance from Agartala to Kolkata via Guwahati is 1,650 kilometers and 2,637 kilometers from Delhi, while the distance from Agartala to Kolkata via Bangladesh is only 350 kilometres.
Before being taken to the cemetery, the last rites were held at the residence at Mawiong-rim, in the presence of Pastor NO Kharlukhi in the presence of relatives, friends, neighbors and others. others who were blessed on this day.
If you dress too well every day, it will impress you and even your friends who see you all the time, because it is better if you wear simple and polite clothes. kino where you are reading.
Nongstoiñ, July 10: The Special Judge of West Khasi Hills District (POCSO) on Tuesday sentenced two robbers involved in the rape of children in two incidents to life imprisonment. One 10 year old and one 13 year old were injured in
On the border issue, he said that it has been left as it is, as if it is “Why don't you take responsibility to talk?” “We will move forward to reach the end of the work,” he said.
All the people of Jaintia Hills and other Rangbah Shnongs from different villages are invited to attend this public meeting at Iawmusiang Jowai,” said Baitlang Pohsngap, President JPMF and Lone K Laloo President HNPF Jaintia Circle.
He added that the organization will continue to rebuild tin houses in the area to provide shelter to homeless students and poor families.
However, it was in the last minutes and at an unexpected time that Damanbha Chyne scored the most important goal for Nangkiew Irat in the 90+3 minutes.
Nehemayah Tyngkan, one of the Congress candidates for the upcoming elections, said that the deterioration of the road has caused problems to the commuters especially during the time of illness or childbirth. Because of the bad condition of this road.
Up to 28 delegates from G20 countries and invited countries from Argentina, Australia, France, South Korea, Mexico, Turkey, USA, Oman, Bhutan, Sri Lanka, China, Russia, the Netherlands, Germany, Indonesia and UK. Leading scientists from the country and abroad also attended the conference.
He said that next month, the group will meet with the Minister of Transport and the Chief Secretary to demand that the State Government should issue a permit to them to work again without any illegal activities.
After the mid-term elections, Manstudy was preparing to contest the MDC election from Mawkyrwat constituency and applied for a ticket from the HSPDP but he did not get the ticket and Nolipstar Lyngdoh got it.
Returning to Malki, the temporary team, although they played only 10 players, did not lose heart but fought hard to score and it was this spirit of fighting that Ryntih took advantage of the opportunity to score. the strongholds of the rangap dien.
Nongstoin: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, today laid the foundation stone of the Nongstoin-Maweit road.
He said the government wants all the people to give their opinion on this issue.
“It is surprising that people who burn only 4 and 5 bulbs have to pay T.500, T.800 and T.1000, which has never happened even in urban areas,” he said. said Mr. Doctor.
Others who attended the function included the BDO of Mylliem C&RD Block, Bah PT Passah, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawnianglah, Bah S Kharkongor and others.
And before this there will be a falling away of many Christians in the world, because of their fear.—2 Thessalonians 2:3
The loss of salary has affected them so much that many of the employees working here in the housing department have had to be evicted by the owners of the houses because they cannot pay their rent. pay the school fees.
Shillong, March 24: U Bindo M Lanong, Second Chief Minister of the former MUA government, in a statement today, said that the Inner Line Permit is a law implemented by the government. The British, in 1873, prohibited persons living outside the districts of Kampur, Darrang, Nonggong, Sibsagar, Lakhimpur, Cachar, Naga Hills, KJ Hills and Garo Hills (repealed). in 1897), to enter the border of these Districts, without obtaining an Inner Line Permit.
Shillong: There have been 16 new cases of Covid-19 in the state today, said Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, in a post on his Facebook page, 9 minutes ago.
There are 36 villages in these seven areas, out of which 30 are in Meghalaya and seven are in Assam, according to the soskular.
Because if these MLAs and MDCs convey to the government the problems of the people, the government will listen and take the necessary action.
There are 20 villages under the Barato Police Out Post including Barato, Mukroh, Saba, Maitdien, Jongkynshur, Iongkwang, Thangraing, Khliehsni, Shiliang. , Thadsning, Thad A Long, Musiaw, Sama Tan, Moobandu, Latymphu, Thadbamon, Umsalang, Lummuriap, Soukkhlieh and Bhaiñ.
Therefore, through this joining of Congress by Bah Nicky Kharthangmaw, it will surely bring about a change and encourage Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh to win the 2018 election from Umsning Constituency.
It is learned that on the same day, these fishermen have also set up a tent in the area due to the heavy rain and wind.
It is learned that while the fire was still burning, there were also sounds from the electrical signs, which prompted the village to inform the MeECL department that it had shut down the electrical wires. electricity in the village in case of any incident.
The meeting also decided to work together to achieve this group through the campaign “Iada la ka Ri”.
In another incident, the court sentenced Suakngura (former Assistant Account Officer of the Serchhip Treasury) to four years imprisonment for his involvement in extortion. beaiñ and Rongura.
The services launched on World Diabetes Day by Britannia Nutrichoice aim to develop dietary plans for people so that they can control their diabetes. diabetes, which is age-specific and dietary pattern differences across parts of the country.
:The state government has already spent T.9.28 crore for the treatment of drug addicts in the last 13 years.
At the same time, a special thank you goes to the Meghalaya Football Players Association for giving these children the opportunity to showcase their talents and be selected to represent their state.
The match will be very fierce as it will also be a match for honor between the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma and the family of PA Sangma.
“Even the children in the village breathe in the pollution from the coal mining factories,” said the Waheh Shnong.
The Delhi government has also announced compensation of T.10 lakh to those who died, T.5 lakh to those who died as children, T.5 lakh to those who died without treatment and T.2 lakh to those who died. T.20,000 for those who sustained minor injuries.
I will make Jerusalem a stone of stumbling to all the peoples,” declares the Lord.
However, the surprising thing is that the Congress party in Meghalaya does not understand this, they are trying to mislead the people of the state.
Other speakers included the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, the MLA of the area and others.
It is on this basis that the distance between the indigenous people of the North East and the Government of India in Delhi has increased.
It can be said that the lack of attention of all the Governments to the residents who are the owners of the border in the state is because these areas are far from Shillong, so for 50 years you don't see if there's anything wrong with you.
These things changed, and the people had to worship God in their homes.
Shillong, July 29 : Nearly Rs 200 crore has been damaged to roads and bridges due to heavy rains which have caused floods and collapse of roads in the state.
The former Chief Minister of Karnataka, in this regard, has clarified that he will not contest the election.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the ASHAs who staged the strike have stayed at home. they have received an appropriate salary or honorarium.
The HYC Seng Kmie urges all the units, circles and districts to discuss these issues to end the deadline for these causes of the Jaidbynriew, said a statement sent by Bah Robertjune. Shillong: Of the 24 new cases of covid-19 in East Khasi Hills, 21 have been confirmed.
She said she wants the NIA to investigate whether the mobile phone of the officer was also tapped to know his activities.
The office of the Range Forest Officer, Namdong range on Thursday held a public awareness campaign on LIFE at Nongrim Bambthong village.
During the meeting, the two Congress leaders blessed and urged the youth of the party to work hard to strengthen and improve the working methods of the party in the state.
The Catholic Association (CA) has strongly condemned the attack on the construction site of St. Xavier's Girls Hostel in Umoid, South West Khasi Hills. Many other workers were attacked by unidentified robbers on the night of the 24th at 11 pm.
Many of the roads leading to the tourist destinations in the state are in poor condition and if Mukul Sangma wants to promote tourism, he should first ensure that the roads connecting to the tourist destinations are well maintained. “There are many tourist attractions in the state,” said the statement.
Because why did this call come out, children of shipiah, you understand that it is not the whole money, it is half of the money.
There is no traditional religion that is completely Christian.
The method of cleaning the jingkyrshut with soybean slices is to clean half a teaspoon of well-ground sugar, 10 tablespoons of finely chopped soybean slices and two tablespoons of olive oil.
Speeches were also delivered by Homer Kharkongor, Teibok Kharkongor, R. Mawthoh, Rangbah Shnong Umsaw Mawjynrong, Bah Cornelius, Rangbah Mawtawar, Wantei, Rehearsal, Alexshon, DB Shangpliang and Wanseng. Jyrwa, Working President of UDP Mawlai, who conducted the meeting and welcomed the guests.
Purno A Sangma had contested against Dr. Mukul Sangma's brother Daryl Momin in the 2014 MP election, but now Purno's son Conrad K Sangma will have to contest against his wife. Daryl's Mini D Shira.
He said it is necessary to change this through the participation of local people and informing the country about the work of local activists, intellectuals, designers and activists for the building a new India.
“We hope that this meeting will be a success,” said Dr. Nonglait and added that the National Seminar is a collaboration between KAS and the Hynniewtrep Delhi Association (HDA). good luck to the Khasi working and studying in Delhi.
Mizoram beat Meghalaya 1-0 in the semi final today.
This is the second time that the mining has started again and in relation to the resumption of mining, it is impossible to rely solely on the District Administration.
Shops and commercial vehicles have been advised to close during these hours.
At this, the people gathered near the IEC Vans and talked to officials from various Central Government departments, banks and oil companies and asked for opinions on bank loans and also the Pradhan. Minister Ujjwala Scheme.
Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, Victor Rani, MDC Jirang, Kong RM Kurbah, Deputy Commissioner Ri Bhoi, RM Kurbah, Deputy Commissioner Ri Bhoi, Dr. officers from the PHE department, village leaders of the area and others.
The polling will start at 8 pm and end at 4 pm.
He praised the country's e-Sanjeevani scheme, saying it has enabled up to 140 million treatment sessions through this so far.
Therefore, to avoid that, they have to arrange that the Shynrang should not go to the house of the Kur ki Briew – he should stay in his own Kur – he can go only at night to the house of the Son. marriage only as a relationship to have children for the Kur Kynthei) – he shall be the son who lives, who raises his brothers and sisters – in the case of death and death, the Kur shall look after u – The bones of the Shruh of the Kur when he dies shall be buried in the Mawshyieng of the Kur.
The visit of the CEM of JHADC and the EC members comes after more than two months of the visit of the CEM of Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council on 29th November
Explaining further on the tragic incident, he said that the reason may be because they are not aware of the assistance that the government has allocated for them.
The reason why the French were unable to write was that Rangjyrteh had disappeared and did not exist before the arrival of the French.
Speaking at a party meeting, Karunanidhi said the party cannot forget the arrest of its leaders for smuggling 2G. the Tamils ​​and therefore will have no further affiliation with the party.
Shillong, July 24: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, has not answered a question on how much revenue the state government has lost from the NGT ban on coal mining in the state.
Therefore, the Seng invites all the members of the Seng Khasi Sein Raij from all departments and friends to attend to celebrate this great day of the Khasi Khara.
Bengaluru FC will prepare to return to action at the Sree Kanteerava Stadium on Thursday (12-03-2023) for the semifinal of the second leg.
Jowai, Jymmang 8: The body of Fatima Dkhar (40) of Jalyiah village has been found in a coal mine and it is suspected that she was killed somewhere.
If you want to know the true leader, see now that you have the opportunity to witness to Bah Ardent.
Some of them have been slightly revised which are no longer suitable for the present era due to the change of Ïa.
Recalling the impact of tobacco smoke on the environment and the consumption of tobacco which affects the health, Bah Wahlang urged the school children not to get involved in the smoke. and to encourage them to become journalists to preach against the use of tobacco by preaching to their relatives, at school and in the community.
Of this T.50 crore, T.50 crore will be divided into Rs 1 crore and the rest will be decided by the EC”.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Pyndap Saibon said that due to the lack of permission from the road, KHNAM is no longer willing to hold a public meeting. to the people to go together to the place of death in their own way and not by procession.
This is a notice to all parishes, schools, colleges and churches within the Archdiocese of Shillong, said the Diocesan Administrator, Fr John Madur.
“What about the child in the womb?
“We have decided to suspend the strike and we will hold talks with the government on the 30th,” said Bah Nongsiang.
“We will closely monitor the storage facilities offered by the Fair Price Shops and will also monitor those that have already passed and where they are distributed,” he said.
He said that this road is necessary because other roads from Shillong to Mawphlang and from Ranikor to Rongra Garo Hills are highways but from Mawphlang to Mawkyrwat this road is bad and narrow.
Another issue is the large number of vehicles coming and going on the Umngot Dawki River.
The protest was held at the statue of Tirot Sing Syiem in Laitumkhrah in Shillong with the participation of many NESO members.
In so far as the bill is concerned, the passage of the bill is proper and lawful, as it directly affects the custom, rights, and interests of the assembly concerned, and the The bill was passed without public notice and there were no heads of state on the matter, and because of these findings, the Amendment Bill has been sent here to take the necessary action. John F Kharshing, Chairman of the Chief Executive Members, said that earlier, the Executive Committee of KHADC under the leadership of Ardent Basaiawmoit, had introduced the Amendment Bill 2014 with the intention of surprising the party. The Sirdar of Jyrngam Hima, West Khasi Hills, Rambrai MLA Constituency.
“Is this the way for these two prime ministers to take action to resolve the situation as it is now?” he asked.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said, “There will be no dam closure in the state and for this reason the government has taken the sien jam to think from the beginning of the days"
Speaking to reporters after the inspection, the Executive Engineer of PWD (Building) in charge of the project, Bah Ransom Sutnga, said that this incident is sad as the Government has set a deadline to complete the project within The Dorbar Synrai this year will be held in this new Ïingdorbar.
On the post of Leader of the Opposition, Bah Ronnie said that as usual, the Congress should get the post of Leader of the Opposition.
“As a teacher for almost 10 years I have been teaching students in college I see that the students from our state are brighter than other students from other states and if I speak and understand the reason I found that it is a loss of hope for the future whether in terms of further education or employment, I have seen that they don't have the same face as other students,” he said. .
It is learned that after the incident in Mawlangkhar, there was a stir in the area of ​​the truck, as many people were afraid of the driving.
The JTES competition is part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya.
These two electric trains are operated using up to 25 KV electricity from the New Bongaigaon Sub-Station.
ALL ALL THINGS ARE BEGINNING OF THE TRIBULATION.” Matthew 24:3-8
The Chief Minister said that according to the order of the Supreme Court on 3rd November 2019, it has made it clear that coal mining can be done in the state after obtaining permission from the Ministry of Mines and Minerals (Development). and Regulation Act 1957 and the Mineral Concession Rules 1960 as well as the Coal Mines Regulation 2017 and the Environment (Protection) Act
Thank you[Please contact the author at No.
They alleged that the Syiem had done this with the involvement of some of his ministers.
The HSPDP, which is well known in West Khasi Hills and East Khasi Hills districts, is also hoping to win from Bhoi and Jaintia Hills.
The Integrated Ayush Wellness Center is the first in the country.
“I have witnessed for myself that this government has handed over the land of the state to Assam and now we are here to protect your rights and we will settle the border by road. "We need you to join us with your vote," he said.
He said this while talking to media after the UDP candidate from Sohiong, Bah Synshar Kupar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah has filed his nomination papers for the MLA elections to be held on 10th June this year.
The Presbyterian Church in Ri Bhoi District should erect a monument or name any church school etc in the name of Miss Annie Wosencraft Thomas to proclaim her good name. Rev Rai Bhajur Jyrwa, Fr. Constantine Vendrame SDB of the Catholic Church and many others.
Here are some suggestions on why you should include more fish in your daily diet.
These shops had earlier closed down but after a while they reopened due to the intervention of former Chairman of ANVC-B Bernard Marak who admitted that he is the owner of these shops. shop owners.
AIS SujaThe name above all names is the name 'Jesus'
That attempt was to include the village languages ​​from all the villages in all parts of the state except Garo, which have nothing to do with the Khasi mother tongue.
He said that India, as a country, is looking for scientifically appropriate ways to find health services for children.
The Union Minister said that in the North East, NHIDCL is in charge of the implementation of 10,892 km road projects at a cost of T.1,66,026 crore.
Shillong, June 10: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the state police have been able to curb the illegal trafficking of u coal in the state.
The District Election Committee (DEC) of the party has approved the applications submitted by Shella MLA Balajied Kupar Synrem, HDR Lyngdoh from Sohiong Constituency, MDC Mitchell Wankhar from Mylliem Constituency, MDC Mitchell Wankhar from Mylliem Constituency and Mr. Olan Sing Suin of Mawsynram and Mr. Anthony Kongwang of Pynursla.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Bookie Welfare Association (KHAWA) has come to meet the Commissioner of Taxation to express its opposition to the proposal of the Taxation Department of the State Government to abolish the team. 'tim' shooting at the Polo Ground which has been going on since ancient times.
There are also those who worry that even if they have tried to reduce the risk of death by exercising, all these efforts have been in vain.
Over the years, poverty in Meghalaya has increased.
In 2022, she joined the U-15 team of Bengaluru FC and also played for Garhwal FC in the Delhi Women's Premier League.
: As part of the efforts to preserve the environment of Meghalaya, the State Government has taken steps to distribute checks on Payment for Ecosystem Services. The check distribution program was held on 17th November 2022 in the presence of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma.
For my part, I fully support this public hearing of M/s Wahriang Limestone Mine owned by Bijen Rupsi,” he said.
The implementation of the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme Phase-III and Tura Phase-I and II is ongoing to provide water to the residents and there is a plan to implement the Ampati Water Supply Scheme as well.
When hearing the low voice of the Congress leader in Nongstoin , Rupang said that the Congress leader has not been able to focus on the election because he has been busy treating patients at his hospital When asked whether he has really lost hope of the ticket and has no intention of thinking anything else, Dr. Pariong replied, “I don't know what to say”.
After the demonstration, a meeting was held to get the views of the participants.
HYC Nongkseh Unit strongly condemns the distributor of rice for the distribution of rice allocated by the government to the poor in this village. eat.
Get up.
The State Security Commission (STC) headed by the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has earlier appointed three IPS officers including Kulbir Krishan (1976) who is now the Director General of Civil Defense and Home Guards (DSP) Subhas Goswami (1977), Jayanta Narayan Choudhury (1978) and DK Pathak (1979) and Hanaman.
Let’s go back to 2019 a little bit.
‘The Future of the Spirit; sit with Ïaw-bei, with them; at the Door of God'
In Meghalaya, there are more female voters than males.
Thus, from 25 October to 25 November is 9 full months.
Indian racing star Jaden Pariat, who is also from Meghalaya, has signed and agreed to compete in the F4 Championship for the 2023 season.
We respect you,” said Amanda Tariang.
He also asked who issued EPIC to these people without the knowledge of the Dorbar Shnong.
Pujari has been trained in firearms in the North-East, he added.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: UDP MLA and Working President Dr Jemino Mawthoh on Tuesday said that the cause of the traffic jam on the Shillong-Guwahati road is due to the stingy behavior of the UDP. district authorities to arrange for this.
“If this is the case, it is a mistake because as of now, Nonghali has enough water and electricity while in Kut there is no water and electricity, while the tables, chairs and curtains in both places are not enough.
Rangbah JS Shangpliang, while speaking on the need for science, which teaches school children up to Class X, said that the price of mothers has declined. and that it is the work of the kni, in these days, in which they have destroyed themselves.
Moosalyngkat scored the first goal in the first half through Datngen I Dan 25' and three goals came before the end of the first half through Edius L Laloo 80', 89' and Lalthakhuna Ngaite 90'+3
This revolution was the most important foundation stone for the beginning of democracy in the world which demonstrated the power of the people.
Calum Scott, who is famous for his clean vocals, has traveled around the world to sing with Ed Sheeran.
Thus, when the time of grace for the Gentiles ended, God turned to the Jews to save them.
During his visit to the bank, the MDC found that there were only two employees of the bank and he did not have the opportunity to meet with the manager of the bank.
The children who were mutilated were a 2-year-old son and a 4-year-old daughter.
According to sources, the MBOSE has issued an announcement that the syllabus of Class XI this year will be replaced by the syllabus in line with the CBSE pattern.
As one of the residents of the holy village, I express my pride in my own village which has preserved the Matti which has been led by our ancestors since ancient times.
It is on these grounds that the union demands from the government to implement laws to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners. “I have asked the Government not to talk about the resumption of the railway line, because the party itself is still opposed and will not allow it,” he added.
They said that only T.3 spah per day they earn, but counting the expenses from the construction of the vehicle if it breaks down, salary, taxes which increases from time to time, how much do they earn? you can pay T.300/-.
On the other hand, Hosea grew old, weak and physically weak and wanted to live a life of solitude and did not like to walk in the land of flowers or colors with others. by Gomer.
So he can transform himself into any form he wants.
The neighbors were also surprised because Bah Jop was a man who never slept at night and who knew God and who was respected.
She said that her son is not a gay man but it was all a conspiracy of those who wanted to loot the money and all his possessions.
“We have to remind the government that there is Kiang Nangbah Govt College Jowai lest they forget, because we see that the government has decided to forget this college of ours in Jaintia Hill”.
According to the BSF, a Bolero Pik-up was seized on the border between South Garo Hills and Bangladesh.
The proposal to hold elections across the country is a matter of concern to all, which needs to be discussed as it will seriously affect the democratic country and will also endanger the minorities. rit to sur to hear.
“Khie Kmie, go and clean me...” he ordered. Kong Lumspah also went to clean.
The Syiem and the ministers of the kingdom in these days, went down by themselves to enter the crematoria where Syiem Tirot Singh had trained with his troops how to fight against them. The Hima visited the Krem Tirot at Umthlu-khyrdop and the surrounding area. .
The letter recalled that Mehta had already announced the group during a meeting which was said to be about the conduct of examinations for recruitment.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has helped to provide this oxygen through a NGO known as the PATH Foundation which is one of the groups of the PATH Foundation. earth.
Therefore, we have decided to rely on the wisdom of the management how to deal with the teachers because there are Managing Committees and they are the ones who will look after and judge this matter,” said Bah Shangpliang.
The meeting was organized by the State Rural Employment Society (SRES) in collaboration with the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills. Gavin M.Mylliem, Shella MLA Balajied Kupar Synrem, Mawlai MLA PT Sawkmie, KHADC CEM Titostarwel Chyne, Mawlai MDC Teiborlang Pathaw, Principal Secretary C&RD; The Mission Director of SRES, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills and the Rangbah Shnongs of Mylliem, Shella and Mawlai.
The people in charge of the factory, who saw that the fire was spreading rapidly in parts of the factory, immediately alerted the fire brigade and the fire brigade also reached inside The fire was extinguished by the factory, but by the time the fire was extinguished, it was found that all the necessary equipment inside the factory had burnt down.
After considering these, the bench decided to change the composition of the Committee and said that the Chief Secretary Y Tsering will act as the Chairman and the Additional Chief Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare will continue to serve as Chairman. long member.
According to a statement issued by CAU Imphal on 14th July 2023, the University has decided to start classes for undergraduate students from outside Manipur who are studying in the College of Agriculture, Imphal and College of Food Technology, Imphal from 2021, 2021-22 and 2022-23 will start online.
“You have received a good meat.
He said that this price will be effective from 15th November across the State and if you have any problems with the transportation please contact him by calling
The KSU has urged the Director to order the organizers of the festival to include the traditional culture of the state in the festival.
Because the Second Temple, the Temple of Solomon, was destroyed in 70 AD. And concerning this destruction, Jesus had already prophesied – “Woman, believe me, for the time is coming when neither shalt thou worship the Father in this mountain, nor in Jerusalem.
Another history speaks of God who became man in human form which fulfilled the scripture, “A virgin shall conceive, and bear a son, and shall call his name Immanuel means 'God.
I don't want to say much about the writing of Bah Francis because the people themselves know how it is.
Police officials have seized several illegal items, including water chemicals used in the manufacture of Improvised Explosive Devices (IEDs).
The drivers who witnessed the incident said that it is the duty of the Prime Minister to recognize that there is an urgent need to improve the road at Laimer as it is not only a road. This is the first time that this has happened but it has happened from time to time and this is the day that he has met with the Head of State.
The basic teaching is to earn righteously, to eat from the ground and the commandment of God is that all should grow up and enjoy a peaceful, healthy and prosperous life.
They put your picture in front of your pharmacy (office); but they hearkened not unto his doctrine.
Khliehriat, Nailar 22: Members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle, under the leadership of the Organizing Secretary, Samla S. Lapasam, today conducted an inspection of the National Highway from Mynkre to Malidor. , found that the National Highway Authority of India has not taken any action to repair the road as it had promised to the people of the area on the 8th of this month during the protest at Villagers.
Shillong, July 21: The ruling party in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) led by the Congress PDF has said that it has not yet discussed the issue of bringing a power struggle against the newly appointed chairman of the ARPA, Kong Teilinia Thang. The meeting will be held from 26th July to 30th July.
Shillong, Nailar 1 : Police from the ANTF, East Khasi Hills have arrested three drug traffickers and seized four vehicles used in the fight against drug trafficking in Shillong. who has done this evil thing.
Will you let me serve you?” he asked the crowd.
Nongkrem opened the scoring through Hehkamai Sari who headed the ball, but after five minutes Mawthoh headed the ball to turn the tide.
This announcement of the KHADC means that all those who take the jait from the father are no longer Khasi or Riewlum.
He also encouraged the youth, the youth who are also children and the students that they are the future of the villages and they are also an example for the future generation in terms of and how to conserve water.
“We are vigilant to curb and not allow any illegal activities to spread, not only the BSF but all agencies are vigilant,” he said.
How dare the government ask for money without knowing how to implement or use it.
“There is a mixed feeling among the party supporters and among the people across the country regarding the decision of the two to join the government and it is not clear to many about their decision and from the “I don't know exactly why we haven't held a CEC meeting to discuss many issues of the party including this,” said Bah Martle.
In another match, Maharashtra beat Goa 2-0 with Himanshu Patil scoring in the 5th and 89th minutes.
Through a letter, the union has reminded that the Civil Sub Division should be fully implemented by bringing in various departments, in order to improve income and development of the country. crawl.
Also present on the occasion were Pheinlang Siangshai, Vice President of the Block, Gerald Phawa, Block Secretary and other members of the party.
Therefore, if the intelligence information is strong and accurate, the police can arrest those traffickers easily, and if no information is received, the traffickers can easily go to any place they want to go. go.
She also promised to cooperate physically and spiritually with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare through Anganwadi workers, ASHAs and others, so that this vaccination mission will be a success and to provide vaccination to all those who have not yet completed it. They have received their doses.
On 13/07/2022, the ADC of East Jaintia Hills District has met with the ADC of East Jaintia Hills District to demand that the district authorities and NHAI should repair the NH-6 immediately. -6 from Tuber to Malidor.
In a statement, BJYM President Bah Egenstar Kurklang said that the BJYM demands that Dr. Mukul Sangma should explain how much his government has spent public money so far. from various schemes have been delayed and spread especially to the rural areas.
Shillong, Nailar 07 : Meghalaya will once again witness the biggest tournament in India where the Basketball Federation of India (BFI) has handed over to the Meghalaya Basketball Association to host the tournament. The first phase of the 72nd Junior National Basketball Championship (Men and Women) for the North East Zone will be held in Shillong from 14th to 17th March
All these things we cannot achieve without the hard work of those office bearers of the Seng, according to the duties assigned to them.
We are still waiting for this company to provide jobs to our fellow citizens, but it has destroyed our wealth, we will not give up and we will fight hard even if we have to shed blood. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said KSU President Ohibait Dkhar.
He said that if in one way they express that they want to leave the area but along with the rules it shows that these Harijans are more in charge of the government.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Minister said, “This project will bring about many changes in the health sector.
This joy brings about a great change in a person.
in) and to register themselves as Mitra, or they can seek information from the nearest PHC/CHC or District Tuberculosis Officer to register.
Apart from Mizoram where the Congress has come back to power, the party has been defeated in other states including New Delhi, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Chattisgarh.
“Up to 20 people attacked me and three of them, carrying knives, lyngka and tried to stab me and some of them tried to stab me with a stick. but by the grace of God I was saved that night.
According to the order, the Incident Commander, Zone-III will be the Supervising Officer for the area from Jail Road Filling Station to Hotel Polo Towers.
JI Kathar, Leader of the All Party Hill Leaders Conference (APHLC), has sent a complaint to the Additional Deputy Commissioner of West Karbi Anglong District, demanding the formation of a committee. peace between the Karbi and the Khasi Pnar people.
Shillong, October 17:.
In the women's 4x100m relay, the national team won the Rnong medal with a time of 45.36 seconds.
Khmat Bru Kat was born in 1990 in Du.
Regarding the incident, the residents of the village have come to help and at the same time the Umsning Police Outpost, will conduct an investigation into the sudden fire. loss of human soul.
“As the central and state governments have expressed their readiness to talk peace with the HNLC, I am confident that all these will proceed with mutual understanding until the talks are completed”.
In the semi final, Amlarem Government LP School beat St. Dominic Higher Secondary School 1-0
Besides the troops, it also sent them with guns and small arms which they carried to the Jaintia Hills to fight against the freedom fighters under the leadership of Kiang.
He added that the top leaders have expressed their desire to field candidates from all constituencies in the upcoming elections.
For those attending on the Lord's Day, parking will be available in the Parking Lot near the church.
“Our party under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma and Prestone Tynsong, we have one in our minds, we are one.
She said that on the 26th of this month, she was on duty in the morning and the next day she was off day but on the day she was supposed to come to work, she did not come back since she saw this. affair.
“There are some schools which are ready to buy UPS,” said the IT officer. The problem is for those schools in rural areas which do not have electricity, do not have BSNL network in which they will have to just miss this opportunity.
Isn't this the duty of the government to increase the number of police battalions so that the border patrol can be strengthened?
In another incident, Ngeitmon Pala (20) who was training as a security guard at Bosco Pnar Institute, Mihmyntdu, Jowai, drowned in the Thlumuwi River on the road to Amlarem.
Rahul also alleged that Modi had not kept his promise and said that Modi had promised to deposit Rs 15 lakh in each account and to provide 2 crore jobs in the country. but these promises have not been fulfilled to this day.
In West Khasi Hills District, there are four operational and 61 non-operating coke oven plants and in Ri-bhoi, there is no operational plant.
Speaking on the CMSMS, she said that this scheme has helped a lot to the poor women by providing vehicles to transport them to health centers especially to the poor women who are in danger. .
A British man who was on holiday with his family in Jamaica has died after drinking 21 liters of alcohol on the menu of a bar in Jamaica. area.
Speaking on the Ready toCook (RTC) list, Sanjana Desai, Executive Director, Mother's Recipe said, “Mother's Recipe as a factory is well known in terms of producing traditional foods.
However, when asked why he did not come, he said that Pa-stad had an accident and the next step he called her and said that the doctor had allowed Pa-stad to leave the hospital and to come to my house.
EJH Police said that the empty truck was coming from Silchar area and when it reached a place near Rattacherra village, the truck fell into the river and later two suspected bodies were recovered. They were the driver and handyman of the truck bearing No.ASO1AC
The engineers of MePDCL have promised to complete it within this month.
Thousands of vehicles from Assam have been seen entering Meghalaya on Saturdays and Sundays. , to see the beauty of nature in Meghalaya.
Shillong: The National Domestic Workers' Movement (NDWM) Meghalaya Region has been suffering for more than 18 months because many of the employers have kept themselves away from the domestic workers. of the Coronavirus.
Upper New Nongstoiñ opened the scoring in the second minute through Arking Lyngdoh.
James said the meeting discussed the issue of increasing the security of candidates for the MDC elections, the use of NOTA (non of the above) in the EVMs. There is a need to amend the rules to bring order to all Autonomous District Councils.
All the other speakers including the Minister of Rural Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, MLAs like Bah David Nongrum, and Bah AL Hek who conducted the meeting, Congratulations to the Prime Minister for creating the Mawpat Block.
When asked how many illegal residents there are in Them Metor, Prestone said, “The 342 households are actually all government employees not only those who are still working but those who worked 10-15 years ago. as well as working children".
He went on to say that the greatness and centrality of this Sacrament of the Eucharist is that this Sacrament is part of all the Seven Sacraments within the Church.
The President, who is the head of the National Defense Forces, sat for about 30 minutes on the fighter jet which flew over the Brahmaputra and Tezpur areas from where he could see the Himalayas before returning to the Air Force Station. .
In his speech, the Vice-Chancellor, Prof. Prabah Shankar Shukla expressed his concern for the students of this university and for the students in the State itself, who are addicted to drugs.
He said that from now on he will continue to provide scholarships and incentives to the athletes of the state.
The fire was first discovered by the people who were attending the Synod service from Mawnai and immediately informed the police. The fire has spread to the trees of the bridge but the fire is still burning in some parts of the bridge.
Those who are weak have no place in you.
He said the village falls on the Meghalaya-Assam border and from time to time the residents of the village are harassed by the people of Assam.
When asked whether he will be the NPP's prime ministerial candidate, Prestone said there is no announcement of the prime ministerial candidate but it will depend on the election of the MLAs who have won the elections. their leader , who shall be the prime minister.
They have difficulty holding objects at the same time in both hands, reading and listening at the same time and memory.
In addition, Hamas opened fire and abducted about 100 Israeli citizens.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) is preparing to conduct the SSLC and Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC) examinations in which more than 1 lakh students will sit for the examination. exam this year.
Other speakers were Mowkaiaw MLA Nujorki Sungoh, JHADC Chairman Lakhon Biam and Mowkaiaw MDC WG Sungoh.
There are those who cannot make their own decisions and have to ask for advice from others.
Shillong, November 15: All government offices, Revenue and Magistrate Courts and schools in Ri-Bhoi District will be closed on the 18th of November. holiday because of the Unitarian New Year.
The main objective of the UDP-Shillong City Youth Wing in organizing this tournament is to spread the message against drugs and also to spread the message to the youth to avoid drugs. not only for yourself but also for the community.
After the BJP released the 12 points of its Vision Document or Dorbin Sansnem through advertisements on full front pages in the newspapers on lakh and a half to support self employment but without mentioning the promise of self employment in the 2014 manifesto to provide up to 25 crore unemployed youth but till now only 10 lakh of this promise has not been fulfilled. .
Through this meeting, these elders and members of the Executive Member of Umiam Village, have decided to demand from the Office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and Raid Mawbuh Syiemship to take action and resolve the issue. otherwise the elders and the people of the village will go their own way and do whatever is necessary.
Many times we judge and conclude that the drunkard is the worst, the worst and so on just by looking at him.
Not only this time through the PMGKAY scheme but also in the distribution of rice and other ration items to the public through the Food Security System known as the Public Distribution System from time to time. for.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner (Supply), West Jaintia Hills District has informed that the Government has given the opportunity to the elderly or those with disabilities to register for Aadhaar. and stay at home.
“We appeal to the youth and drivers – don't drive under the influence of alcohol whether it's 2 shaka or 4 shaka to avoid tragic incidents or accidents especially on the highways,” said Bah Nongtnger. .
Pynshngain also criticized the state government for passing the Prevention of Disqualification (Amendment) Bill,
Shillong: The Forest Management Building at Lachumiere, Shillong has been temporarily closed following the suspicion that one of its employees has tested positive for Covid-1
It is understood that at this meeting, the Rangbahshnongs will also take a decision on how to proceed on this issue.
Of these 11 candidates, three incumbent MDCs are Pyniaid Sing Syiem, who is the incumbent MDC, who will contest from Sohryngkham Constituency and Jan Sing Tynsong, who is an MDC. He will contest from Lyngkyrdem Laitkroh and Bah Victor Ranee will contest from Jirang.
The area of ​​Tarabari is 4.69 sq km, Gizang is 13.53 sq km, Hahim is 3.51 sq km. Raid Mynsaw and Rambrai Syiemship in West Khasi Hills District.
Although the POCSO Act is one of the strongest laws, violence against children is still happening here and there and it can be said that the perpetrators are unaware of the seriousness of this crime. the strongest law.
Fortunately, no serious incident was reported, but one of the children suffered a stroke and she went to Shillong for treatment and later she recovered.
Dr Mukul Sangma is the most stingy Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
He said the news about the IBDLP has caused him great concern, said Dr Mukul, who is also the leader of the Trinamool Congress Legislative Party (TCLP) while speaking at a TMC meeting held in the village. Mawryng.
According to the residents of the area, the cause of the traffic jam was due to the excessive narrowness of the road, especially from Lad Umsyiem to Wah Umngot Bridge. It is on both sides of the bridge, on the Dawki side and on the Umsyiem side.
This decision will clarify to the people of Khasi Jaintia Hills on the post of Rangbah Shnong which has been a power struggle between the state government and the district council in the past months.
Throughout the day, Nongpoh Police Station including Bah OS Masaar, DSP Ri Bhoi and Bah Pherbak Marwein, CI Nongpoh PS, have left for the city to evict those who have gathered in the area. He urged the people to stay away from each other.
Will the exclusive power and jurisdiction of the District Council Courts to hear cases where all cases are tribals remain the same or will it change if the Government Courts can hear? “What are the cases that the cases are indigenous?” asked the Seng.
Shillong: The United Democratic Alliance (UDA) has met with the Governor of Meghalaya, RN Ravi to demand the formation of the Executive Committee (EC) in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Mrs. Grace Mary Kharpuri.
There has been a traffic jam in this busy and crowded area, where the traffic has been banned since 11 pm.
Speaking to reporters, Chairman of the JAC, Bah Purningstar Shabong said that the meeting was held to remind the party of the demand for the removal of Bashemphang Thabah from the post of Lyngdohship Hima Sohiong.
When asked how much they charged before the Covid-19 pandemic, she said, “Before the Covid-19 pandemic, they charged T.20 tyngka each from Nongthymmai to Khyndailad or Motphran. back and forth and sometimes they throw two in front.
The match will be played between Riwar United vs West Side XI, where Riwar United beat West Side XI 4-0 FKJGP vs Lummawmon FC, while the next match at 2.30pm will be between Khonglah Ampdum vs Padu SD. Those who have lived there for decades have been confiscated their houses and tympew land by the villagers who are the Mikir and and they shall be tormented, and shall be utterly destroyed.
Tellme Passah scored the first goal for Moodymmai in the 29th minute. Risingsun Mukhla beat Mookynphad Mihmyntdu 5-0
US officials said no explanation has been given yet but the smoke and polluted air has spread to the northern parts of the United States and people have to face the smoke. pollution of the air and weather at this time and is something that threatens their health in the future.
The IDF, on the other hand, was in the first round at the time of the aerial firing.
I will show him where there is corruption and who is trying to introduce JJM corruption into politics,” said Rahman. it has exceeded 30% and I will accept legal punishment.
“The government in the state has become a business.
“Hard work will bring success and this is just the beginning for me,” said Sawakani.
H. Elias Memorial HSS, Umphyrnai Presbyterian SS, Shillong College Higher Education and Assam Rifles Public School will prepare for the semi finals on Thursday at the same venue.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Police have clarified that the announcement to provide assistance of T.5,000 to each unemployed youth in the state, as posted on social media, is a fraud.
Their demand will also cause disruption to other PWD departments including the Office of the Superintending Engineer PWD, the Treasury and other Government departments related to the PWD. PWD.Ka JSU said how the Union says that the presence of this Division in Jowai has caused congestion in the city, while the leaders of the Union of Dorbar Shong Shangpung claim that they don't know which areas are congested in Jowai. Jowai and anywhere else you have this office.
She said that she felt disappointed when her friends went to school while she didn't have the opportunity.
Lumlang said the HYC has expressed its opposition to this and has sent letters to 42 villages to request them not to issue NOC or accommodation to foreigners if they come. , so that the paradoh parasnam can get away if not allowed.
The tournament was flagged off by PTD Sangma EAC (MCS) West Khasi Hills in the presence of coaches, instructors and staff of the Sports Department. of Nongstoiñ, as part of the celebration of the Azadi Amrit Mahotsav.
We often hear the saying that the mountains will fall because of you or that love has no limits and this happened to Natasha Natalie Sommer, from Denmark, a beautiful young woman. She met a drug addict from Gurdaspur, Punjab, in the chat and in the chat, she came from a distance. thousand kilometers away and she came in contact with the drug addict.
On behalf of Meghalaya, Dr. Jitendra Singh spoke about the recent launch of a direct flight from Shillong to Delhi.
I have spoken, and I will do it: I have purposed, and I will do it.
He said the AITC and other political parties, civil society and all those involved in the boundary talks have suggested to the state government to act according to the suggestions especially from the land owners but the MDA government has not This is why the people have to file a complaint against the government.
“We want each village to have a road and to connect to other villages and the government has a goal that the people no longer need to walk, but all the roads should be suitable for vehicles,” he said. Prestone said that the government in the last budget session has set a target for the education department, followed by the PWD department and the health department.
However, according to Section 25 of the Indian Evidence Act
The union has also vowed that if the government does not listen, after the protest on the 21st, it will announce other ways of protesting.
Ram Gurung also scored 100 runs in the first innings after Meghalaya failed to score at the start of the tournament.
The T.17 lakh is the material cost, but many of the vendors of cement, stone and shyiap and others have alleged that they have not received the material cost from the Secretary VEC, said Waheh. The village is Forward Shylla.
After careful consideration, we were able to select the team based on the skills of the players.
Although the doctors have pronounced Ziona dead, it seems that her soul is still alive in her body, as the family members have found that her body is still alive. The funeral of Ziona, the world's most populous man, did not succeed yesterday and was postponed by her family. .
Eliakim R. Marak (41) was elected to the Resu Union.
Only the owner of the Raid or Ilaka can be the Syiem Raid or Doloi, and only the owner of the Hima can be the Syiem or Nongsynshar.
“Some of the MLAs who wanted to remove me from the post of CEM because they understood that my presence as CEM would be a threat to them,” said Bah Titos. on Tuesday.
As an MP, he has served as Vice-Chairman of the All Party Parliamentarians and Professionals Forum, as Chief Whip of the NCP Rajya Sabha, as a Member of the Joint Parliamentary Committee on the Welfare of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes, Member of the Parliamentary Consultative Committee on Defence, Member of the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Commerce, Member of the Indo-US Parliamentary Forum, Member of the Indo French Parliamentary Group, Member of the Indo German Parliamentary Forum and as a member of the Indo British Parliamentary Forum.
Jowai, Nailur 22: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Shilliang Myntang Circle today awarded the 1st Mait Shaphrang Award Academy 2023 to the students who passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC examinations. and the year 2023-2
“Now the people have begun to understand to take this MP election as the MLA and MDC elections because they have better understood that many of the laws passed by Parliament are against their feelings and customs. Meghalaya, as the approval of the CAA, UCC and other initiatives of the party in the central government, to pass laws that are against the feelings of the people of Meghalaya and for this reason, the The people of Jaintia Hills have turned out in this election,” said Nujorki.
At the same time, he also congratulated the Don Dosco Youth Center for organizing this successful song competition.
Therefore, for people who are not yet experienced, it is difficult for them to meet the requirements of banks so that they can get financial assistance or loans.
It may be recalled that on 23rd October, the Minister of Education, Lahkmen Rymbui, said that it is not possible to promote the Adhoc teachers to Deficit but the government is ready to increase their salaries. The Government is still preparing how much it will have to spend to increase this salary.
The KJP Youth Assembly has also published a magazine 'Ka Atiar ki Samla' which contains valuable articles related to the youth and including the theme of Youth Sunday.
Johnson is married to Lauren Hashian, 34, who has two daughters, Jasmine (4) and Tiana (1).
“How can we pay the loan we have taken for the establishment of our shops,” said Ms Warjri. She said that her shop has received support from the KVIC department. “From 30-40 vehicles, now only 10 or 15 vehicles have come, how can we earn money like this,” said Warjri.
The day was enriched by songs, dances and drills by the students.
We are also ashamed to have an MDC like him who is young, who lacks knowledge and who doesn't know that India is a secular state. until the end of the nation.
After these parts of the programme, there was a cultural program in which the customs and traditions of the people of India, especially the ethnic groups of the North East, were showcased.
Arunachal lost four wickets but Anup Ahlawat managed to score 123 runs off 124 balls, the only run in the first three innings of the first innings. class.
All those who received the donation congratulated and expressed their gratitude to Bah PT Sawkmie and wished him victory and return as MLA after the 2023 MLA elections.
This is the number 0,1,2******9
Regarding the transportation of the people, the Election Department has said that it will prepare public transport on the polling day.
Isn’t this a sign of danger for the future? There are shyngiar, rivers, streams and ponds that have disappeared.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Mawkynrew Block Congress Committee (MBCC) has decided to hold a semi-final match between EKH and Shillong on Tuesday. The National Assembly on Saturday announced the name of Bah Kanasing Lyngshiang as the candidate for the 2023 Legislative Assembly Elections.
Bah Process expressed his satisfaction with the arrival of the project in Mawlai and urged the department to take care to ensure that the waste from the disposal should not flow into the Umshing River. , which is the drinking water source of Mawiong.
“West Jaintia Hills alone has allocated T.22 crore for the development of its tourist attractions,” said Conrad while speaking at the opening ceremony of the Kudengrim Tourist Attraction on Friday.
Therefore, the thought came to me that the best thing is to fill and seal the crematorium and plaster it tightly with Dewbilat with explanation and understanding with the families of all the victims. and to erect a memorial on which the names of all the 15/16 victims shall be inscribed along with words of condolence as the authorities deem appropriate.
In this regard, members of the YMA from Awithangpa area in the past few days have also visited 110 Myanmar nationals who are currently living in Khamrang village, Kolasib District. Three Myanmar nationals had Aadhar cards, Federal Bank (Aizawl) passbook and PAN cards.
The match was tied until the end, but in extra time, Harry Kane scored from the penalty spot and England won 2-1
At the same time, he questioned the government on their failure to include him in the committee especially before taking a final decision as the area is still under his constituency. .
“The party has suspended Bah Pynshngaiñ, we don't have the right to support the EC led by that person,” said Bah Manstudy.
To have a requirement for the Village Women's Associations and Youth Associations to submit their annual reports to the Executive Dorbar Shnong. There shall be a clear rule on the collection and implementation of the contribution of the Bynhei Shnong, Kur, Raid or Hima to be sent to their Dorbars annually.
He urged them to continue praying for peace to return to Manipur.
Shillong: U James K Sangma, Minister of State for Food and Civil Supplies, has directed all the Deputy Commissioners to set up a team to conduct a surprise inspection of the shops. They don't take advantage of this situation by increasing the price of food.
Speaking to reporters, u Bah Paul said that out of the 12 sites built under the Rural Eco Tourism Circuit, 9 sites are in East Garo Hills and one in West Garo Hills. Garo Hills and 2 districts in South West Garo Hills district.
Shillong: The District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District, has banned the residents of West Jaintia Hill District from following the directives of the District Authorities regarding the counting of votes. as follows.
Shylla said the Indian government has tried to deceive by introducing development projects and schemes. In fact, this cannot be implemented without the approval of the Legislative Assembly. We will seek to gather more information on this and we will have to sit the Executive Committee and if necessary. We will also convene a special session to take a decision and stand against it. We understand that if this happens, the District Council will also disappear,” said Bah HS Shylla.
Shillong: Hundreds of houses have been destroyed by the earthquake yesterday.
The Myntdu Pynthorneiñ Farmers Welfare & Producer Organization (MFA) has renewed its office bearers for the year 2021-23 at a public meeting held on the 28th. The office bearers include Pynshngaiñ Rymbai as President, Jur Bha Phawa as Vice President, Pyntngen Kyndait as General Secretary; Mehi Phawa  Assistant General Secretary, Kong Chalty Rymbai  Treasurer and Khroo L Pariat Adviser.
He said that the festival held today was a beautiful event and it will lead Meghalaya to become a strong fire of the rich.
Therefore, we believe that the new Office Memorandum issued on July 14, 2023 is the Roster of Backlog which is confidential as the data has been taken since 1972 through the Roster Register,” he added. .
Therefore, if a person is far from God, that person will perish, his life will end in sorrow, in shame.
After the CEM spoke, he left the House.
Suresh Chettri (39) of Oakland, Shillong, escaped from the hands of the police while being driven from the vehicle at 11:15 pm outside the District Court. .
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the Rangbah Shnongs of these villages, said that this is a memorable day as it is the first time to receive this scheme. resident on the borders.
Lajong were the first club from the North East to qualify for the I.League in the 2009-2010 season, where they were relegated. However, it has continued to compete until it has been able to return to the tournament for five seasons since 2011-12 before dropping out again in the 2018 season. -19 Image credit: ILeagueOfficial.
They have been expressing and fighting against these policies of the BJP government from time to time.
She said that she was touched when the principal and school leaders invited her to the awards ceremony.
However, with the timely arrival of the police, they were able to stop the attack and disperse the crowd.
He said that different states in the North East due to the presence of many ethnic groups in it, have faced many problems and it is through such programs and forums that the region can stand up to these challenges and become a stronger region.
“When contacted, these farmers said that they are now eager to turn to the cultivation of soh, kwai and other crops which will maintain the fertility of the soil. They also want to improve their rice fields by carefully cultivating and maintaining the forests that provide water throughout the four seasons.
Mawkyrwat, March 18: U Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Chief Minister of Mawkyrwat Constituency, today inaugurated one of the offices of the Tehsonglang Village Organization. to 18 Self Help Groups (SHGs) located in Photjaud Village, South West Khasi Hills District.
Speaking on the occasion, Batskhem Myrchiang Sport Secretary FKJGP Jaintia Zone said that they too have suffered from this power outage but within a day they have lost their lights. boarding in 2 months.
"That's true," said Peter praising his sister. "She's the son of what you say, and I've heard that narum from above," said the mother.
They were accompanied by SP Mukesh Singh, Deputy Commissioner Pravin Bakshi, Commander of the 5th Meghalaya Battalion Aditya Goenka and other government officials.
However, as soon as he reached the Secretariat, he was stopped and imprisoned under Para 12 (A).
Whom will Jesus rule and judge? The Word of God says – That Jesus will separate one from another, as the shepherd separates the sheep from the goats.
Other speakers at the meeting urged all the youth of War Jaintia to walk in a clean path and to respect the elders so that as youth they can grow in all aspects.
The JSU, which visited Lapangap, also urged the district administration to immediately set up a Police Border Outpost within the boundary of Lapangap village to protect the residents of the state.
In conclusion, he said that the party has no objection to the construction of this railway line, because the construction of this railway line will be of benefit to the district and the state as a whole, but The union stands on the ground that the government should ensure that before implementing the railway, it should create the necessary measures to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners especially the construction of the Entry and Exit. Point, he added.
Mulang Ïalong has won the Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football Tournament by beating Dulong 3-2 in the first leg of the 2013 FIFA World Cup. The final match was held on Tuesday at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai.
The state government is also preparing to rebuild the Secretariat at Mawdiangdiang.
Therefore, in this regard, the Seng once again requests the CEM of JHADC to take immediate action and to force the relevant authorities to release the salary immediately. the rest of the workers.
So terter until it turns into a snake.
The basis of reservation is based on the following factors: Equality, Backwardness and Adequate Representation.
He also criticized the government officials who did not come out to the protest or talk to the protesters, but said that if it is a public hearing of the dewbilat factories, the government officials go to stay overnight. .
God's Word tells us to remember to pray for the city of Jerusalem.
Can you believe that only 23,200 people are unemployed and registered according to government statistics? Em come day.
The state has recorded one death and 155 new COVID-19 cases on Saturday.
Shillong: The Khasi Authors Society (KAS) today celebrated the birthday of Rev Thomas Jones at a function held at Synod College, Shillong.
Doffley, who used to follow Ma Ieid Hoping, is his own brother-in-law, and has nominated himself if the HSPDP wins the mid-term elections from Nongstoin. Bah Hoping passed away last month.
With this victory, Rangdajied SC beat Ladthadlaboh SC 5-0 on the 13th of this month.
“I have decided to contest this election because of my desire and aspiration to work for the benefit of the people and to ensure that the people are filled with hope. This decision was taken after the encouragement of all the members and leaders of the party, and no member or leader of the party has been disappointed.
“For a year now, the department has not paid more than T.22 lakh to the owners who have rented their vehicles for use by the government department on the 23rd and 24th of July for the the NEC meeting in Shillong,” he said.
Similarly, the Producer Groups in the village whose occupation is pig farming and jhur farming, will benefit greatly from this training in integrated farming.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: Two HNLC members who were arrested from Jakrem near Mawkyrwat today were sent to demand money.
All students in the SSLC Examination should score only 80 marks as 20 marks will be given by the teachers of the school as internal marks.
Five militants from the LAEF have surrendered to the police today at the office of the SP. Resolbel is located in Garo Hills.
“On the decision of the Indian government, we have reduced the price of petrol and diesel,” said James.
The Seng has also submitted a petition to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong.
““Because of the long-standing negligence of the Government of Meghalaya to evict these Harijans from this area, we have no choice but to use force.
The first qualifier will be between Ladthadlaboh and Sailung Ialong on November 4 at 1 pm.
However, Singh threw them away and only the lyngkhot of T.500 remained.
Shillong, November : The IRSS&CC, Shillong wishes a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to all the residents of the state. They will be able to improve their livelihoods in the years to come with the blessing of the Lord God.
She said that the Meghalaya Rural Development Organization (MRDO) needs to conduct an investigation whether it is an organization registered under the Meghalaya Societies Registration Act 1983 such as registration numbers, names of members and signature, place of business, appointment letter.
“When we learned of their intention, we tried to stop the meetings they held on our land, but they shot us,” said the residents.
Therefore, attention and cooperation are urgently needed.
“We have received a non-bail order from the CJM Court on 10th June to arrest Jha,” the report said.
They were scattered around, ruled over by many kings and kingdoms of the world and eventually the Israelites became slaves in their own country.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: U Bah Sambormi Lyngdoh, President of the East Jaintia National Council (ENJC), has strongly criticized the Ministers and MLAs from Jaintia Hills who are talking nonsense while doing nothing.
Sir/Madam I would like to request you that if you are interested please publish the news of HANM Western Ribhoi Circle on the 1st page so that your neighbors Shane in Ribhoi will know because there are many The issue border area is very close to Assam. Thank you very much.
The Chief Minister of Tripura, Manik Saha, on Tuesday left for Delhi to meet with the Union Minister of Civil Aviation – Jyotiraditya M Scindia and demanded that the The MBB airport in Agartala should be converted into an international airport.
As mentioned above, the Jaidbynriew has its own history and traditions. The Jaidbynriew speaks of the social agreements between the Khasi Syiems and the Government of India such as the Instrument of Accession (IOA), the Annexed Agreement (AA). , the Stand Still Agreement and others but how many of the Khasi Khara children know the ideas and principles of these soskular.
In accordance with its mandate to oversee the implementation procedures for the simultaneous holding of elections, and bearing in mind the context of the Constitution, the Committee submitted its views in the consistent with the structure of the Constitution of India and in such a way that only a few amendments to the Constitution are necessary.
On the other hand, the JYF has urged the Chief Executive Member of JHADC and all the MDCs especially the EM In Charge in charge of the Elaka to take action so that there will be no difference between the JYF and the JYF. to different Elaka.
Dr. Marak has been the Director for 10 months from 5th November 2012 to 21st June
Therefore, it is necessary to remove this part by removing the outer part.
Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills District, HG Lyngdoh, while talking to media, said that six robbers have broken into the bank and tried to rob the bank. but they could not.
Speaking at the meeting, the National Vice President, Prestone Tynsong, said that recently some people have phoned him that there is an arrangement to work together between the UDP and NPP in Shella constituency. election to come.
They said that if the supply of cows to Bangladesh can be controlled, it means that cows from this state will also be cheaper.
Minerva almost scored in the 13th minute but unfortunately couldn't score and Lajong's Kynsailang Khongsit almost scored again in the 23rd minute. minute.
Due to the deterioration of the road and the difficulties faced by the people in coming and going, the residents of Umling Sarang village including parents and youth together with members of FKJGP Umling Circle today came out to repair the road. road for the purpose of facilitating traffic.
Shillong: The All Meghalaya Muster Roll Progressive Workers Union (AMMRPWU) has been on strike for four days, but the Meghalaya government has ignored the strike. their.
He said that after the reservation policy, they will demand from the government to remove those who employ the retired officers and they will not allow the government to waste their money. public.
Recent research has found that eating grapes can reduce inflammation and inflammation in the body and increase the production of immune mediators which strengthens the immune system. .
PC said that many of the teachers don't have enough money because they have been unemployed for many days and months but there will be some teachers who will take part now. days in this fast of yours.
In this regard, the KSU said that the government should take responsibility and immediately find ways and means so that the students can get proper training before they prepare to write their examinations.
Kong Rangad and other groups have already lodged a complaint with the DGP against the people involved in the shooting and dissemination of the video which has been a violation of her human dignity as a woman.
Not only that, what is more shocking is that these people will have to lodge a complaint against these people by the two Deputy Commissioners of Ribhoi and East Khasi Hills. by the State government.
Among the districts in the state, West Khasi Hills is the worst affected district.
Drivers are urged to keep clean and not to spread garbage without finding it and breaking it in places where it is sold.
As we know that the Central Government has implemented this since 2016 and for the sake of the youth of the country we should follow its lead.
Lovingstar Suting scored the first goal for Dulong in the 28th minute and P.Papang for FAM in the 33rd minute.
The counting of votes will start at 7 pm and end at 4 pm.
This has caused a lot of problems especially to the school children who are still in school and others.
You shall not be allowed to do empty work.
A seminar on the topic of “Translation” was held at Sankardev College on Thursday with the participation of several intellectuals.
He also mentioned the participation of the youth and even the women in this struggle for a full state of Meghalaya.
Shillong: A meeting of the residents of Shella Bholaganj Block, Meghalaya today was held to form a Coordination and Welfare Committee. adjoining areas and this is in order to restore the feeling of love and brotherhood in the area.
Shillong, Nailar 24: The Jonti Action Committee of the Khasi Jaintia Land Owners and Quarry Association (KLAA) has decided to proceed with its decision to appeal to the Supreme Court. Delhi in the first month of November to complete the work.
We no longer accept even the families of those (who have already stayed here) who came from Manipur to become residents here.
"*******# R.W.2.
“We are telling the truth,” said Bah Dkhar. “The money of T.12 crore is not mine, it is not the MDC's, it was given by the Government of India to the KHADC for the benefit of the people. the public.
He said the government has built up to 80 toilets in the country since the implementation of the Swwach Bharat Abhiyan.
In the U-17 category, St. Anthony's Higher School beat OM Roy Memorial Higher Secondary School 1 2-1 while Umphyrnai Presbyterian High School beat OM Roy Memorial Higher Secondary School 1 5-3 Shillong College Higher Secondary Education.
The District Councils, which oversee the work of the Syiems/Doloi, Raij/Elaka Dorbars and Dorbar Shnongs, also do not have the funds to allocate to them to carry out various development works. They rely on the state government to pay them.
He said that if Dr. Mukul Sangma thinks that government ministers cannot do their job, why does he appoint them as ministers?
He said that the employees of MCCL have been facing unknown problems due to the lack of salary for five months until they have to borrow money to buy household items.
He passed away on the 23rd of May, 1908 at the age of 66 years.
Shillong, Lber 10: U South Shillong MLA Sanbor Shullai has urged the government to demand from the Indian government to pass a new law to strengthen the Court on Violence against Children and Women.
Greatmercy Langte is the daughter of Kasmutia Langte and Sringstar Paliar of Domsohkhai-Nongnah village.
It is to be recalled that the NH6 is the source of income for the people of Jaintia Hills. shops and markets along this road, as this highway connects the three states of the Eastern Region namely Assam, Mizoram and Tripura.
"When asked, Abhishek said, 'I am not an astrologer.
The postmortem said that there were no signs of suspicion on the body of the child and the father did not have any suspicion of death but it was true that he died. drowning.
“Please think and understand how we should do it, because even though we want to provide all the necessary documents according to the rules of law and especially those relating to the District Council, we are being delayed. so much so that we cannot provide the documents,” said a foreigner and the owner of a wood factory.
Many children find it difficult at first but gradually when they try to read every day it will be easier to read and understand how to behave online.
After sending the garbage to the truck, the youths informed the police, so that they can take necessary action against these foreigners, who tried to throw garbage in the truck. the place and which has polluted the forest.
The Union said that the High Court has already issued the decision for more than seven days, but the KHADC has remained silent until now and this shows that the KHADC has not taken any action on the issue. Act, which is an authoritative Act of the Ministry of Urban Development, on the construction of housing projects in areas outside the Municipal.
Police are patrolling in these areas to ensure that people do not violate the law.
So far, two people have died outside China in the Philippines and Hong Kong. They have traveled to China and returned home.
She also urged that as the Minister has acknowledged that ASHAs receive 4000 tyngka, he should also implement this.
Superintendent of Police, South West Khasi Hills District, Bah JD Kharwanlang said that the Police Department has worked hard to fight against drugs through the law. He urged the youth, village authorities to cooperate and discuss in order to eradicate this evil practice and hopes that through the support and suggestion of many cannot work well for the sake of peace and order in society.
On the same day, the hospital could not treat them, so they sent them to Shillong and the family members went to Nazareth Hospital. Shillong and here the doctors said that the leg had to be amputated.
This shows that the Congress has won only 20 out of 60 seats.
The Congress, led by Vincent H Pala, is one of the most interesting political parties to talk about at this time, because it is the only one in the state. The political party which has experienced victory and rise to the top and also to fall to the ground in the last five years.
The General Secretary of the PWD, Bah David Rapmai, said that if the government remains silent on their demand, another decision may be taken in the same direction. the day when they can announce which path they will take.
Although the team led by Khlaiñ Pyrkhat Syiemlieh missed two golden chances, after half an hour they managed to score the first goal through Donlad Diengdoh in the 33rd minute.
Nongpoh, Nailur 09: One of the threats to the society is the spread of drugs which has caused many youths to become addicted to this illegal drink. Bhoi and journalists together with the District Administration took the oath of office to fight against drugs in Ri Bhoi District.
Before opening the meeting, the Chairman, Dr Kharshiing, informed that the KHADC has passed the amendments to the VAB at its meeting on Saturday.
Nongpoh, July 30: It is a pride and honor not only for the family, the community and the district and the name and honor is for the state of Meghalaya, where a young woman from Ri Bhoi At the age of 21, she was elected as the 'Best Commander' at the NCC Prime Minister Rally held on 28th July in Delhi with the participation of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi.
“Such protests are not only in Meghalaya, but also in Assam but I appeal to all those involved that if we cannot resolve them now we will never be able to resolve them again. to this mat".
It is surprising that on 12th November 2023, NEHU has issued an order to implement the NEP in colleges from
Shillong, Nailur 21: Sobinora Kyrsian, 48, from Umsning Patarim, Ribhoi District, has been arrested for allegedly stealing a car. women shall carry tyrnem to make old and broken wheels or cars, as men do.
The midfielder has been a source of inspiration for Real Kashmir as he has scored four goals and scored two goals in 20 appearances for the club.
The party has made it clear that its leaders or soldiers will not come forward until their demands are met and the state government should move forward. The meeting was chaired by the Vice Chairman of the party.
The United Nations believes that this is one of the illegal practices and doctors believe that it will affect these people, that they will get breast cancer, that they will no longer be able to give. many children later and other diseases, which they got later.
Sin is one of the characteristics of man that God Himself has created.
After reaching that run, Gaurav was dismissed in the 19th over but Macdonald continued to score in the 23rd over.
The committee has requested the government to prepare details on the proposal to amend the Sixth Schedule to incorporate customs and traditions into the Act.
Ryngkhlem, who had received the ball, struck the ball and immediately struck the ball into the net. Malki goalkeeper Rihoklang Khongjoh struck the ball into the net. .
What is more sad and surprising to many parents, patriotic girls and patriotic men of the Bri u Hynniewtrep is the marriage of clean jaktung and khyllah jait which has been lyngkar to the point where the poiei who are kharlieh khariong, the white tupia and the iong tupia who come from here and there who want only to get a head and a place to live to color all the wealth and thousands, our livelihoods from Ri-khasi have turned into middle class, through our Khasi women who have become Didi without thinking about the future that they have sold their clan, clan and especially the country. -Khasi dear hold your soul like a license to earn money every day from your country.
A procedure for MSMEs under Section 240A has also been introduced and this will be finalized soon.
Those who attended the opening ceremony included Bah Amos Marngar, President of Rtiang Sports and Cultural Club, Bah B. Nongkseh, Rangbah Shnong of Rtiang, Bah B. Marshang, Secretary. Secretary Club and other elders of the village.
We must remember that the tax collectors are just waiting for what they get.
After the Christmas Carol, a short meeting was held at Mawkyrwat Presbyterian Church Ground led by Bah Eveningstar Dkhar, Assistant Secretary TULBA. u Ask the Responder.
He opened the door and said 'kurr'
They discussed the severe impact and loss due to the 4 hour power outage by MeECL from 9 am to 12 noon and continuing from 7 pm to 7 pm. 8 pm every day from last October until now.
This is the time of the harvest – some have been completed and some are yet to be.
UP RMSA School beat Ummulong Presbyterian H/S School 4-2 by a tie breaker.
Lasting Gadew said that the village still has problems such as parking spaces because at present the parking spaces are too crowded. He said that he hopes that the construction of the road from the national highway will help. The road to Dawki will be completed so that tourists can enjoy it.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The ANVC (B) on Friday invited the Commander in Chief of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) Sohan D Shira to consider the invitation to sit at the table. peace talks with the government.
“When you need to go out, go out responsibly, go out only when you need it and when you go out follow the rules,” he said.
At the same time, we were more interested in seeing the soldiers with 10 kilo medals in the march past, the tanks, the missiles flying into the sky.
Before the Dorbar Shnongs of these two villages came out to clean up their villages, the MLA of Nongpoh Constituency, Bah Mayral Born Syiem also came to take part in the cleanliness drive. These people who came out to clean up the village, in the presence of the Village Leaders from Rangbah Shnong, Secretary Shnong and other Village Leaders.
On the other hand, Prestone Tynsong said that the second phase of the Nongstoin-Wahkaji road from Wahkaji-Phlangdiloin to Ranikor has been completed. He said that the second phase of the road has been completed and it will be an intermediate road.
This brutal act clearly shows a disregard for human life and a disrespect for indigenous peoples...," the ITLF said in a statement.
It is on this basis that when there are any riots and clashes on the border, the Meghalaya Police do not dare to stand against the Assam Police to take action against them”.
According to the 1981 census, the state has a total population of 1335819, of which 829392 are Khasi and Jaintia which is 62.09% of the total in the state.
However, Kohli said the BJP will take action on this, as the RSS is just a party like any other.
Police have recovered two pistols, two magazines, mobile phones and other firearms from the GNLA members.
Guwahati: Suspected ULFA-I militants have opened fire on security forces in eastern Tinsukia district of Assam.
Therefore, the two organizations demand and urge the PWD National Highway Department to look into the matter.
Shillong, Naitung 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government will deal with Bah HM Shangpliang, who has been accused of involvement with the Congress party. in Lawbah.
“This shows the incompetence and corruption of the Assam Government which in front of them said to resolve the border first but later they did the same.
He said that this action of the Election Department is to open the door for foreigners to register to vote in the state.
Another bomb hit the residence of Gaza police chief Taysir al-Batsh and destroyed a Muslim mosque, killing 18 and wounding others, who were praying in the evening, which was yesterday.
However, he warned the meat vendors not to slaughter sick cows and if they find such cows they should immediately inform the doctors for treatment.
Sohrarim: The Sohrarim Trailblazer Community Lab at Sohrarim Nook on Saturday held an exhibition of handmade items by the trained youth as part of the efforts to encourage them.
It is to be recalled that the two-month deadline of the Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) to the State Government to implement the demands expired on Tuesday.
In a letter sent to the Dy CM, the Chancellor of CMJ University, Chandra Mohan Jha, said that the proposal of the Governor Ranjit Shekhar Mooshahary to close down the university is malicious and unlawful. personal hatred.
Wailadmiki Shylla said that after meeting with the Minister of Agriculture, he has distributed 675 kg of seeds and 225 kg of seeds have already been released to the farmers. However, those who have been affected by the floods cannot come to collect the seeds from the Agriculture Office.
Shillong, July 21: It is a miracle that is never seen before in our country and never seen and seen that the Shynreh which grows well during these seasons will bloom natdong.
Replying to a question by Mawphlang MLA Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh, the Minister said that the implementation of the Sport Policy has been going smoothly after it was suspended due to the arrival of The state has been affected by the Covid-19 pandemic in the past two years.
Regarding the traffic of trucks in the evening, tens of thousands of trucks pass through the Damsite Bridge every night, causing serious damage to the bridge which has been in existence for more than 60 years. .
New Delhi: The 47th meeting of the GST Council, chaired by Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman, has decided to abolish GST on milk and other products. from the milk and these are like the malai, the lasi and the makhon, which is produced from the milk.
It also found through a complaint from a man from Assam that there are Kingpins or Snar from Assam involved in the illegal smuggling of this coal and those involved in the illegal smuggling to threaten the complainants to court.
This is more common in those families that are clean.
She said that in June 2023, the municipal has sent a notice to leave the area, but they have asked for time and the shopkeepers have not known anything.
Thermonki Susngi of Nartiang Moodop and Diamond Dhar of Lumlakhiat village have lodged a complaint against the SP of the district.
Bah Shakliar Warjri, Minister of Sports and MLA Mawthadraishan, also reminded of the importance of cleanliness in everyday life.
“This demand to withdraw the BJP from the coalition comes from an individual and it is not the decision of the party,” Sangma told reporters here today.
When trying to find out more about the injury suffered by the officer, no exact information was available, but it is understood that there is a lack of self-confidence. officer to stay in jail, so when he became ill he had to be sent to the Civil Hospital for treatment.
The General Secretary JSM CB, Samla Rangbah of JSM CB, Samla Pynbiang Rymbai also gave a speech and encouraged the new members. and Secretary of the Moodymmai Unit.
Shillong, July 9: The National Green Tribunal (NGT) today decided to allow the coal traders to sell their coal. six outside.
If the present government does this, there is no hope that the MNREGAs will last long, soon the benefits of this scheme will be forgotten.
Earlier, STEMS CEO Isawanda Laloo said that these buses will be used by school children and at the same time by government employees when they go to work.
The team will face Qatar's Al-Rayyan on 14 June.
Lumpyrtuh Secondary School and HK Singh Memorial Secondary School in the Under-14 Boys category and Govt.
Dark chocolates : These chocolates are rich in polyphenols, especially flavonoids which help reduce neuroinflammation and brain cell death – which can support brain health, reduce anxiety and doubt.
The church dedicated to the Sacred Heart of Jesus is located in the state of Raipur.
Of these 60 cases, 41 are from Kamrup Metro, 9 from Hojai, 5 from Morigaon, 4 from Darrang and 1 from Kamrup.
In June 2023, the state has collected up to T.214 crore in revenue through GST and in June 2022, the state has collected only T.174 crore and this shows an increase in revenue collection from GST. to 23%.
According to the letter sent by these villages which was also signed by the secretaries and sordars of the villages, after signing their names in the register, some of the sordars and riewrangbah On the other hand, the Acting Syiem said that he will read out the members of the Executive Dorbar Hima which has not been prepared.
The UDP leader said that the UDA (United Democratic Alliance), the synrop group of independent MDCs in KHADC, will collapse in the next few days as independent MDCs will come out to support the UDP. “In the past, we didn't want to lead the EC, first we allowed the HSPDP under the leadership of Bah Ardent Basiawmoit, then the KHNAM under the leadership of Bah Adlbert Nongrum and later the Congress under the leadership of Bah Pynshngain N. King.
In this regard, the Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills, Bah GD Kharwanlang, while talking to reporters, said that after the incidents that occurred after the visit of the Minister in charge of James K Sangma, Chief of Police, West Khasi Hills, has sent police to West Khasi Hills in the past few months to build a camp. ) of the Police in Malangkona, with the aim of providing protection to the people living in these areas and since the Meghalaya Police have been in the area there has been no more riots in the area until Now, the people are in peace and order and there is no more fighting on the part of the Assam police because there is mutual respect.
He hoped that through this training programme, it will be a good opportunity for the youth to stand on their own feet and become employers of others after their work is progressing. .
“After the first half we started to lose heart to score three goals, but they tried hard in the second half until they came back with a victory.
This year, he said, garbage dumps have been set up around the area and residents have been warned not to dump garbage but they should dump in the designated places. they shall also throw it into the pits dug for it.
Hek said that in East Khasi Hills there is a shortage of 42 specialist doctors in hospitals and 6 in CHCs. East Garo Hills 7 cases in hospital and 6 cases in CHC, West Garo Hills 12 cases in hospital and 6 cases in CHC, South Garo Hills cases in South West Garo Hills and 11 cases in South West Garo Hills.
When the Entrance School was founded in Shillong in 1880 by Jeebon Roy Mairom, Sib Chanran Roy, the son of Jeebon Roy, was the first to pass Entrance from this school in that year.
He said the reason for the defeat was because the people had been misled by the intimidation of the Congress which allegedly joined the BJP, which is against Christians.
In addition, the KSU through this statement has also informed that the shops should have a registration seal from the relevant department and the shops should have a cash memo. trading license number, shop name and so on to prevent illegal sales by these shops and especially to install display boards showing the prices of goods. especially food and drink.
David Derbyshire, 35, from Leeds, went to see the player on the pitch at Elland Road during a Premier League match in January.
Kharmalki contested from the same constituency in 2018 from the PDF party and came second in votes.
When asked whether he has any reason to support the government, Bah Adelbert said that from the beginning, his support is not for the sake of the chair. and Share' expressed his regret over the lack of fulfillment of the dreams and rights of teachers.
And the work which he shall do shall be for him to enter into the glorious land (Israel), and shall overthrow many nations" (Daniel 11:41).
Bhoi, War, Lyngngam, etc) because of the beauty and splendor of nature.
The time is still urgent and it will be a great help to themselves if the residents are willing to work together with the Dorbar Shnong authorities by taking the decision to temporarily accommodate those who come. They have returned to their villages in special places as part of the protection of their families in the fight against Covid1
On the other hand, Paul Synnah, Executive Engineer (PHE) Electrical Division Jowai in his speech, paid tribute to the five elders who have been involved in the implementation of this scheme since 2003, Sing Mulieh Ex. MLA SK Sun, Ex MLA, Ex Chief Engineer, two Waheh Shnongs of Sohmynting, T. Pyrtuh and K. Dkhar, as well as John Blah (Junior Engineer SDO PHE). dwar U Blei.
The meeting also discussed the VAB, which the KHADC will study in detail after setting up a committee headed by Kong Teilinia Thangkhiew, Deputy Chief Executive Member of the KHADC. The committee has been set up by the EC led by Kong Teilinia Thangkhiew. The committee has been allowed to meet with groups like SNSBH and will discuss with the CM at some point,” said Bah Pynshngain.
Shillong, Naitung, 23: The Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH), a group of Village Authorities, on Tuesday demanded that the Central Government should introduce a President's Rule in Manipur. bring back peace and quiet.
“From now on, we will have to do this so that there will be a proper census,” said the CEM, adding that it is up to the MDCs how to get these UCs. The grant is between 50,000 and 1 lakh tyngka per annum.
It was also witnessed that on this day, the people were eager to vote because since 7 pm many of the people had lined up to get the polling station, many shops were closed, and public places were closed. they are more excited because the people are flocking to the polling stations.
The team of 29 members (men and women) will be led by Bah Donboklang Lyngdoh and Arjun Sewa.
Leaders and members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) led by KSU-West Jaintia Hills District President Laitphar Syngkrem and KSU-East Jaintia Hills District General Secretary KS Suchiang CEM of JHADC, Bah Thombor Shiwat has submitted a letter demanding that NOC should not be issued for the railway line.
At this public meeting, they will decide how to act for the sake of peace and stability in the area.
The Minister supervised the implementation of the schemes and met with the heads of all departments and district authorities.
Jowai: The West Jaintia Hills District today held a meeting to mark the 52nd Statehood Day of Meghalaya at the District Library Auditorium, Mynthong. The meeting was held at the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Jowai and Lahkmen Rymbui, MLA 7-Amlarem Constituency was the chief guest.
Also present on the occasion were Lambormi Suchen, MDC Jowai Central, Precious Ryngkhlem, Waheh Dong Moomon and others.
“All the vehicles carrying food and beverages are not allowed to carry goods, but only the information that the shopkeepers should give to the district authorities so that the DCs of both sides can know the movement of the vehicles. Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla said and urged the people not to panic because the District authorities and the State Government have taken steps to regulate the movement of goods vehicles during this time of lockdown in the country. all to fight against COVID-1
He admitted that there is a difference between the BJP supporters in North Shillong between his supporters and other candidates, and he will continue to work to cooperate with various groups.
Dalariti Kharnaior, sister of Crystal Gayle, also sang a song of thanksgiving.
Residents of Okbape told the authorities that they saw the plane crash into the ground and crash. Rescue workers rushed to the scene immediately. day and they will start looking for people early tomorrow morning.
:The Institute of Visual Arts of Meghalaya has organized a photography exhibition at ICSSR, NEHU which was inaugurated by the Head of Department of Arts and Development, Bah Frederick Roy Kharkongor.
The union also warns that if the district or civil sub-division authorities do not take action on this request, the union will consider and take the necessary action.
You don't have a pig...You don't work with God.
“The government used to say that it would work with the Chief Ministers of the states, but this step shows that they are too proud, it is an insult to the Chief Minister and the people of the state as a whole. " she said again.
We must give our full support to the 4 Sengs and the Union of Rangbah Shnongs who have a vision for the future of the country and the nation.
Dr. Don, who headed the committee to look into the issue of shiah signage during his tenure as Symbud Myntri Rangbah, said that at that time he had already sent the report to the state government. which they found during the inspection.
Two bodies have been recovered today, while two children are still missing after it is believed that they were buried alive under the collapsed ground.
The Dr MM Das Memorial Championship Trophy was awarded to the winner by Senior Scientist Dr Piyush Kanti Das.
He said that this three-month budget will allow the members to improve the documents regarding the expenditure and also this will open the door to improve the requirements especially regarding the payment of salaries. to the members, officers and employees of KHADC besides the payment of pension to those who have retired.
The driver of the vehicle was identified as Ranjit Baishya and said that the drug is banned in the state and the country and it is prohibited to market or sell the drug. medicine within your Ri.
The first are those who fall under the category of political opportunists.
HK Singh Memorial Secondary School, Jowai beat Sainik School 3-0 in the 62nd edition of the Sub Junior Boys International Football Tournament (Sub Junior Boys) held in Bengaluru, Karnataka on Saturday. Sunday.
The union said that this will endanger the country and the nation as a whole, because if the authorities come here and if they don't get jobs to live and earn a living, they can't stay here. .
Wanbet Shangpliang and other youths and children performed and a welcome speech was delivered by Bah Hering Shangpliang.
Riwar Mihngi XI won the title after beating Mawprem SC 10 goals from the penalty spot by Bantiplang Khongnoh (Jersy No 10) in the second half. Extra time has expired.
The award ceremony will be held on the 6th of June in Delhi.
Shillong: The Jowai Municipal Corporation (JSU) on Tuesday visited the 8th October 2021 on Tuesday. Circle has found a widespread spread of garbage on the National Highway Jowai-Amlarem.
Welkin Stone Shadap is the son of Bah GR Khongjee and Kong B Shadap. He is currently studying B.Sc 6-semester at Synod College, Shillong.
The MTC is one of the five lowest performing government agencies according to the 2017 report of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India.
The President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) West Khasi Hills District Unit, Bah Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh, said that after receiving information and seeing through the media, the people of the area have been protesting. They will not go to Assam, the party has arranged for them to meet with the people at Malangkona on the 30th of this month which is Saturday.
Bah Let and his brothers were shocked by the actions of Bah Shanbor.
The ceremony was enriched by the beautiful songs performed by the Guwahati classic rock band Voodoo Child, who thrilled the audience with their music.
:The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Arpit Upadhyaya, today said that the district has completed the preparations for the Cherry Blossom Festival 2023, along with the arrangements for it. The three-day festival will be held at Madan Kurkalang, Bhoirymbong, starting on the 17th of November and ending on the 19th of November.
“We have collected the bodies and taken them to Baghmara for post mortem,” said Mehta.
Ribhoi has 11 cases, West Garo Hills 57 cases including 12 health workers, Wakkolnanggre 23 cases, West Jaintia Hills 20 cases and West Khasi Hills 5 cases.
“If the BJP wins the state government, an investigation will be launched against the corruption allegations within 90 days and I promise you all that all those accused of corruption will be punished according to the rules of law,” he said. Let Heck.
He added that if the petrol station cannot be moved away, the union cannot take responsibility, but will move forward to take other measures.
They are from the same household as the first case, one is a household member and the other is an employee.
“After the NGT has banned coal mining in the state, we have seen the impact on the livelihood of the people but now that it has not been released, we have seen the expenditure of coke factories and we want to ask these coke factories. “I don't get coal if I don't mine illegally,” he said.
Ribhoi district has recorded 17 cases, West Garo Hills has 16 cases, East Garo Hills has 5 cases, North Garo Hills has 4 cases and West Jaintia Hills has 4 cases. cases from South Garo Hills and 1 case from South West Khasi Hills.
There they ate and drank.
“However, the problem is that the process is very long,” said Bah Laloo and added that if the contractors are registered it will take months to verify the contractors.
The prizes were awarded by Sylvester Phanbuh MCS EAC West Jaintia Hills District in the presence of President HT Mohrmen, Secretary MSGEF-JU I. Muksor, Secretary Indoor Games T. Laloo. nalor other other de.
Nongpoh, Lber 23: Residents especially school children traveling along the Nongpoh-Umden-Sonapur road especially in the Marmaiñ area have faced serious traffic problems due to the turning of the NUS road. , that the government has not yet done anything to paint and implement a scheme for this road which is the budlum of hundreds of villages in the area to lead to Assam.
He said that the Association has received the trust of many parties including the District Administration as well, even during the Covid-19 pandemic, the members of BAM-JH have come forward to cooperate with the District Police to prevent the spread of this disease.
Lumpariat SC scored the first goal in the 70th minute through Mario Syndai and Lovingstar Papiah scored an own goal in the 74th minute.
Shillong: Former MLA of Nongthymmai Constituency, Bah Jemino Mawthoh together with PWD officers and Village Authorities of Rynjah Village, today visited the cleaning of the road in all parts of the village. Rynjah Market and RR Colony.
The incident happened at 9:30 pm this morning, when a small truck, which was heading from Guwahati to Shillong, collided with another truck. The bridge has collapsed and fallen into the bridge.
It was shown that the names of the muster roll of Dhan Bahadur Pradhan and Dhon Bahadur were the same person but it was shown that he had written incorrectly the letter 'O' instead of 'A' and Dhon.
The residents from school children and members of the village have held this march in the village for the first time to spread the message to all the residents of the village not to allow evil in the village. thaw.
Drinking water, especially with lukewarm water, helps to cleanse the stomach and on digestion, and helps you relieve stomach problems.
BRAIN DISEASE:— If you are a smoker, know that stroke is the first stroke you are affected by 3 times more than those who do not smoke.
"On the other hand, Prof. Andrew J May, speaking on the occasion, said that he has tried his best to write about the stories of the people who are the villagers and also the stories of the big people and the actions of the villagers. This will bring about a relationship between people and villages and will improve the way of telling stories but the duty of the writers of old stories is to look from different angles so that to verify the stories.
During the meeting, it was recalled that the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, had met with Pope Benedict XVI in Rome and it was recalled that Barla himself comes from a Christian family.
The above are only reminders that we are not lacking in words, although we are not complete in ourselves but we are not lacking in words.
However, it is surprising that during the examination, there are those who are not on the list selected by the Screening Committee.
Minister J.Nongkhlaw said that some churches have received about 10,000 sq.ft, 20,000 sq.ft and some have received up to 45,000 sq.ft. According to the document, it was a donation but in fact, according to their statement, he said it was a sale.
Other speakers on the occasion included the Deputy Commissioner, ICDS Cell, West Khasi Hills District, Bah Garo LSN Dykes, Director Social Welfare Department, CD Lyngwa, District Program Officer, ICDS Cell, West Khasi Hills District. Hills, VC War and Child Development Project Officer, B.Rynjah who gave the welcome speech.
Also present on the occasion were the members of JACM, the children and wife of Bah Dismarlin and the owner of Saikia Company Vipul Saikia.
Whether we are in India, Bangladesh, England or any other country, we should respect the Lama of that country. the country where the Lama of that country is located.
“I would like to thank the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, the Prime Minister and the Government for being willing to listen to the problems of the people of this area and we hope that it will lead to a complete solution. ", said Mr. Pyniaid.
When they returned to the parking lot, they found that 127 song had been stolen from the truck and informed their owner, Raju Sarowgi.
However, after a while, when the husband of the woman got stronger, she left him at home with her children and on Saturday, the woman left the village to ride a market car to pick up the She has been treated for medicine by her husband but she has suffered the tragedy which has caused her husband and her family members to be deeply saddened.
It is for this reason that the church will be born every day like the birth of a tit.
These tree seedlings were donated by the Forest Department in Umkiang.
Wasa qualified for the final after beating Nangbah Mulang 1-0 in the 3rd Semi Final on Saturday.
Three years ago, the UDP and the NPP had a close relationship because the NPP did not have as many MLAs as it does now.
The National Institute of Nutrition (NIN) with the support of the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) discovered this when it took samples from foods such as milk powder distributed to infants. In the State, the company imports foods that are low in calories (energy deficit), foods that are low in proteins and Vitamins A, C & K and so on.
Pamela, who made her debut in the film industry in 1992, didn't like the appearance of the character but the wealth he had.
She said that her father had spent a lot of his money to publish books to promote the literature of the Jaidbynriew.
“The WE card of the TMC is only an election promise, don't be fooled by these false promises,” he said.
The Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills, R Muthu, said that after a thorough investigation, the HNLC member confessed to possessing explosives. hidden in the village of Umkrem.
Tourists should be respectful without being selfish.
He said that one of the Executive Members or senior officials, has explained that the registration is only for those who are 18 years old, but there are those who are 20, 30, 40,50 years old who have been included in the present list.
The tournament will start in three zones; Mawlai SC will play against Jyntru in the first leg of the tournament.
The Union also strongly condemns all those border guards who injure doctors, nurses, police, home guards and other government employees who are fighting hard to fight against COVID in the whole of India.
There are two parliamentary constituencies in Tripura – one in Tripura West and the other in Tripura East.
On the first day of the conference, the MSDE launched three Skill Training Programs to improve the skills of the workers in the field of electric vehicle manufacturing, to training people on how to become solar panel installers, as part of a collaboration between IIE and IIT Guwahati.
"Of course we will sign..." The approval came. The leaders of the Dorbar Shnong went down to all the Members who attended the Dorbar to write their names and sign.
According to media reports, despite the ban imposed by the court, the illegal mining of coal continues. Police are investigating the incident.
Comfort said that all the candidates from Jirang constituency who will contest the 2018 election are rich and only he is a school teacher.
In the 60kg category, Varinder Singh suffered a defeat against Uzbekistan's Mujibillo Tursunov and was also suspended from the tournament. Singh was beaten 0-5
Shillong, July 11: The Chief Ministers of Shillong, Shillong, on Saturday, said that they want the elections in the District Councils to be held as elections. The Municipal Department means that the people who contest the election should not contest from any political party.
The throwing of liquor bottles and other garbage in this area has caused a deterioration in the appearance of this area.
Does your husband like a kind of cooked food? Try changing your cooking.
East Khasi Hills district has won six gold medals in various categories.
Are there still Tirot Singh and Kiang Nangbah who can fight for the sake of our country and nation at such times? Surprise people! Stand up, or get up quickly.
The UDP has eight MLAs including two who joined the HSPDP and the HSPDP has two MLAs who joined the NPP-led MDA government. The government has decided to recommend to the government that the number of MDCs in the Khasi Hills Autonomous Territorial Council (KHATC) should be only 31 instead of
We on the part of the residents believe that they have removed this NOC until these days when the news came out to hold a public hearing.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 20 new cases and 296 active cases in the State.
Erudith Sutnga was born in 1956 and was elected as MDC JHADC from 1999-2004 from Sutnga-Narwan, which is currently led by Seiborlang Shadap.
The MJAC has appealed to the Supreme Court against the MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma on this occasion. and to urge the government to take action in this regard.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 204 cases including 6 cases in Jaiaw, 10 cases in Laban, 12 cases in Laitumkhrah, 8 cases in Lumpyngngad, 8 cases in Mawprem, 9 cases in Mimhans, 13 cases in Nongmynsong, 10 cases in Nongthyr, 9 cases in Pynthyr. cases in Shillong, 3 cases in Sohra.
Entry No.6: Heavy vehicles coming from Shillong area will enter from Chutwakhu Road and pass through the Catholic Church to the parking lots.
“So what we can do to improve ourselves in knowledge, in education is that we should remember the words of another great writer, Robin Sharma, author of the book ' “Life is a learning process”, which means that while we are alive we should seek information and not graduate from college as most of us are.
The seven remaining areas are Khanduli & Psiar, Block I & Block II, Borduar, Langpih, Nongwah-Mawtamur and Desh Doomreah.
I am looking for a girl aged 17-22 years.
Conrad said there have been cases where development works of the Assam Government have been blocked by the people of Meghalaya.
JOWAI: Fire brigade and residents today recovered the body of Sonidawan Sayoo, who drowned in Wah Umiurem.
At present, the Shillong Bypass from Lad Umroi to Mawryngkneng has helped to reduce traffic jam in the Mawlai area.
The Office of the SDO (Supply), Amlarem Sub-Division announces to all FPS Dealers and SKOil Retailers that the dealer/retailer status will expire on .
MCA has received a special award for being promoted to the Elite Group (senior list) in all BCCI 2021-22 matches.
Because to be treated according to the wishes of the people of Nongstoiñ by those who feel in power, it cannot be accepted and will not be allowed.
Everyone from the government officials to the public has been aware of this incident.
Before the union agreed to repair these tree bridges, many people had thrown garbage in the tree bridge, but it is very pleasant that since the union The KSU Nongtyngur Unit has started to understand and no one has come to destroy and destroy the wooden bridge which has been repaired and maintained by the KSU Nongtyngur Unit.
What is wrong is that this scheme has divided the villages – between those who receive the scheme and those who do not.
But the answer to this is, Paul's letter to the Corinthians says, “For the word of the cross is foolishness to those who are perishing, but to us who are being saved it is foolishness. power of life".
Since the day the State Government has appointed the Police Department to patrol in the areas where crime is most common and where there are frequent clashes and violence, these activities have stopped.
Shillong: As part of the strengthening of the demand of the Sur Ki NongMawlai, the residents of Malki today came out to support this demand by giving one day to the state government to temporarily suspend the work. Cheristerfield Thangkhiew has been arrested.
If it is cut too slowly, many diseases can enter the soh and destroy it.
The shop selling Dohkha Im, is known as Li Dohkha, where these youths, have been running the market for the past few months and they have also been able to run the market. Live fish, that is, by the people who like to eat fish, because in this place, there are many kinds of live fish and people can buy any fish they want. want to eat.
Pray also that in the midst of this pandemic and evil God will forgive all the sins of all people, and that God will turn people away from all evil ways, because God is angry with the sins of people from generation to generation , and the pestilence shall be upon the earth, as it was before.
As a Khasi who loves and has responsibility for his own nation, I have to tell you this truth even if it may affect your feelings about this truth.
Another question to which the KSU asked the CEO was whether the political parties have the authority to register the names of the people. Donald said the answer was that the political parties do not have the authority. to determine how to register people on the electoral roll.
Our farmers are first hand sellers, unlicensed and do not receive the remunatative price and the last choice if the price of agricultural products is too low is to return them to their homes. year.
In protest against the proposal to move the Umsning Market to Patarim, the residents of Umsning Proper-B, have decided to hold a public march on the 18th of this month. Shillong, Lber 15: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Shillong, today said that the State Government has already prepared the syllabus. , for MCS candidates and thus, on 6th October 2017, they informed the MPSC, for the start of the selection of MCS candidates. Bah Paul Lyngdoh, asked whether allowing those who have passed MPS to go to MCS, could affect the promotion of those who have passed MPS. The Prime Minister said that those who pass the MPS examination can also enter the MCS, but the government has ensured that it will not affect the promotion of MCS. those who have been chosen beforehand.
“As a team we have prepared well for this tournament and we hope to reach the goal.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, today said that the government and the police have worked hard in the fight against drugs.
Bha RV Warjri, former Ambassador of India to the World was the chief guest along with Bah N Munish Singh, Zonal Director, Shillong and Bah A Lakiang, Deputy Secretary to the Governor, Raj Bhavan Shillong as the chief guest.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government led by Conrad K Sangma will resolve the boundary of the six constituencies. , which the state government has taken steps to improve in this regard, before the state celebrates its 50th anniversary of independence.
New Delhi: Congress leader Rahul Gandhi and 11 leaders of various political parties were deported from Srinagar airport today and returned to Delhi, officials said. message.
The number of samples tested positive is 39553, negative is 38062 and 552 results are pending.
During the meeting, the COVID-19 prevention measures were followed as directed by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, said a statement from the Waheh Shnong Kyndongtuber.
Regarding the Girls Hostel, the Principal of the College said that in fact an order has been received to open the Girls Hostel, but due to the construction of the Girls Hostel, the women do not have enough room. There was no room suitable for the Warden and because no one was qualified to be the Warden, it was not opened.
He said that the churches are sad when they see the division of families and they work together to restore their unity in order to improve the family.
Also present on the occasion were Father Cresence Laloo, Father Becare Dkhar, Father Ferdinand Dkhar (Procurator of Jowai), Father Mahi Maidas, Father Poly Shylla, leaders of the Church of North India (CNI), the Church of God, the Presbyterian Church and the leaders of the Seventh Day Church and thousands of Christians from near and far.
Speaking to media after the filing of nomination papers, he said that the goal is to bring about a clean and transparent Khaddar system, a Khaddar system that will not be corrupt whether it is small or large. , or the rich and the poor.
There were 30 dead pigs including 9 from East Khasi Hills, 12 from Ri Bhoi, 2 from West Khasi Hills, 4 from Mairang Sub-Division, 4 from West Jaintia Hills. 1 from East Garo Hills and 1 from East Jaintia Hills from 1st July to 15th July
“With our cooperation, we must bring in strong and effective Town Vending Committees (TVCs).
Comingstar said that the Union has demanded the provision of sports grounds because at present there is not a single sports ground at NEHU and the teachers because at present they do not have enough sports grounds. .
Speeches were delivered by Aidiam M.Kassar, Psychologist Manager, DRCDA on the Scheme and Services for Persons with Disabilities, Bah L.Khonglah, Advocate Jowai Bar Association on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities, Mrs. P. Chyrmang, Office Assistant, ICDS, and Mrs. M. Lapasam, Chief Sevika, BDO Office.
On the law prohibiting the provision of documents to organizations for assistance, it was clarified that the government will not harass those who are eligible, but the aim is to curb fraudulent organizations.
Shillong, Naieng 11: The Meghalaya government has urged the central government in New Delhi to expedite the setting up of the Boundary Commission (BC) to resolve the border dispute with Assam.
Khliehriat, June 03 : The District Magistrate of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, after receiving the reports from the Antiretroviral Therapy (ART) Centre, showed that there are many people in the district. The Meghalaya State Network of Positive People & Ahana, has taken measures to fight against the disease by bringing together an NGO, the Meghalaya State Network of Positive People & Ahana. Barry Leslie Kharmalki, Program Manager of Project Ahana, who conducted the survey to identify and identify people living with HIV/AIDS. It took three months for the NGO members to identify 231 HIV positive cases in East Jaintia Hills District. They have lost their lives, while 160 have been able to be convinced to take treatment. This group is also known as 'Lost To Follow Up' (LFU).
They have now searched for about 25 people who have fled into the forest.
On 29th November 2023, the HNLC has expressed its strong opposition to the government's plan to shut down the MCCL and at the same time directed the MLA of Sohra to take action. He said that the government has decided to step down from the post of MLA and if he does not do so, the party will take action against him.
Babu Risakmen Romor Jones Dkhar is also a Physics teacher of Class 12 at Sacred Heart Boys Higher Secondary School Mawlai.
Many different shops will be built in these markets and they will also have their own place to unload or load special goods into vehicles.
Shillong, Nailar 16 : The KSU Employment and Monitoring Cell on Tuesday met with the Director General of the North East Center for Technology Application and Reach (NECTAR) to discuss the complaint of the students. .
He urged the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District to send more proposals for other projects related to the improvement of the environment in East Jaintia Hills.
He urged those who came to visit to be respectful and not to be a source of trouble but to have a responsibility for the environment.
It is to be recalled that the festival, which is also a market for traditional Khasi-Khara handicrafts and food, will start from 7-9 October.
“The Dawki Land Port is an important project of the Government of India which aims to promote trade between India and Bangladesh.
Shillong: Leaders of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU) today led about 150 farmers from South West Khasi Hills to the lemon grass farm at Byrwa, Bhoi. District.
However, this government is only thinking about the children, if they can and if they can't understand, don't worry.
Speaking on the final budget for this year, Ma Thombor said that the increase in salary due to the annual increase and Dearness Allowance of all employees, pensioners and employees The implementation of the Pension Act, 2019 are the two main reasons for this shortage of funds in the budget.
Agnes Kharshiing, President CSWO, has sent a letter to the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit today. The Dorbar meeting yesterday said that they were expelled by the Sordar and his office bearers.
There will be two matches of the SSA U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 today at the 3rd Ground, MFA Turf, Polo. The second match will be between Laitumkhrah SC and Nongkolew SC at 5 pm.
On the other hand, the Waheh Shnong said that after receiving the notice and order to announce that the Adhar celebration in Mynska Village will be held on the 12th and 14th, the Dorbar Shnong has taken the initiative to announce to the public. and also to inform the family members of those who are not in the village and also the school children as directed.
Led by Samla Vincent Makri and other KSU leaders, they left to encourage the students after they arrived at the airport in Guwahati. an organization that serves and looks after the welfare of the students of the state.
This is according to a statement by Bah Pahuh Massar, Sordar Raid Nongshken.
To ensure the implementation of Sabka Sath, Sabka Vikas, Sabka Vishwas from 2019-20 to 2021-22, it is proposed to provide 1.95 crore houses to the poor in the country. to “Prime Minister Awareness Scheme – Rural".
Some of those who came to encourage others were sitting on a specially reserved chair and standing near the rynsan where Bah Ardent was sitting until the police had to come and drive their vehicles due to the traffic jam in the area. tuid who comes to my soul.
The remaining 4.78 sq km of Baleswar Grant Revenue will be part of Assam.
In a thorough investigation, the scientists found that the water in the fish ponds is not suitable for raising fish due to the high acid content.
We urge the Government to expedite this work as we understand the value of their work,” said the Union.
They said that in this area one Lineman has to work in up to 90 villages, so it is very difficult because this area is mostly forests.
If the Meghalaya government finds that this plan will cause problems to our people living on the Assam border or that it will be a threat to the state itself, there is another reason. plan, as a suggestion, that is (when surprised and met Mawsiang) that our government should give free will to the Assam government to set mawpud in the border areas anywhere that you are in Meghalaya.
Chelsea are also understood to have lost another striker, Callum Hudson-Odoi, who was highly anticipated by Bayern Munich.
Shillong: Leaders of KHNAM Youth Wing, Bah Thomas Passah, together with other members of the KHNAM Youth Wing, on Tuesday met with Rajendra Kumar, General Manager, BSNL, in charge of HR and Admin, today, to ask for clarification on this decision and to strongly oppose the proposal to hold work on Good Friday.
The Gibeonites, whom Babu Soso Tham criticizes, can be found in the book of Joshua, chapter nine.
The customs and traditions, prayers, thanksgiving and rituals are the most important and beautiful parts of the Bri u Hynniewtrep. is the “Puja of the Raid Kongthong”.
“Yesterday and today, we have been able to resolve these issues and today almost all the students who have been stranded for 10 and 2 days for various reasons but 99% of our youth have returned to Meghalaya.
The distribution of these rice is, PMGKAY rice free of charge will be 5 kilos per person according to the number of people on AAY and PHH Ration Cards, AAY rice 35 kilos per household at the price of Rs. .3/- (Three tyngka) per kilo for AAY Card holders, 5 kilograms of PHH rice per person at the price of Rs.3/- (Three tyngka) per kilo and 7.215 kilograms of Non-NFSA rice. Non-NFSA Card holders will be charged Rs.10.82p per kilo.
Modi has spent a lot of time in these states and this visit, along with his reputation, has led to the BJP's victory.
That is why God brought the flood for 40 nights and 40 days.
Pala has re-elected Shillong after defeating his independent candidate Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit by 40,000 votes.
Jowai, Jymmang 10: U Rgh.JK Passah, President of the Seinraij Jowai, who is also the District Agriculture District, has passed away on Tuesday morning due to a sudden stroke of blood.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Waheh Shnong of Saba, A.Suchiang, said that it was not done by the village but there were people who took advantage of the incident. I don't want to search for those involved in this case and report it to the police.
The sugar was seized from a house on the border intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh after a joint operation between the Meghalaya Police and the BSF of the 200 Battalion. in South Garo Hills.
"As soon as Rida heard these words, almost all those present in this service gathered together.
He also replied that the government does not know the expenses of the producer to shoot the film in Umniuh and Laitlum.
To get back enough money, or to collect and store them, is difficult and requires hard work.
The word 'dukha' conveys the idea of ​​not losing hope in our human journey.
A resident of Lawmali, Shillong, has come in a wheelchair to shake hands with the President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit, near the Additional Secretariat at the Additional Secretariat of the People's Party (VPP). Friday.
Synrem said this year, the 50th Anniversary of the Independence of India and the 75th Anniversary of Independence of India have been celebrated.
The HNLC leader said the government is an insult and the HNLC is allowed to be insulted.
My heart cannot bear to see my fellow female teachers leaving their children and families to join the protest,” he said with tears in his eyes.
In Assam, the same is true: about 98 out of every 100 tonnes of rice in Assam are produced.
He said the MDA government's opposition to this is that if accepted, it will endanger the minorities especially the people of the state.
After this, the KHADC will establish and even pass legislation to revise the policies of the Council,” he added.
Gautam R. Desiraju is affiliated with the Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore and is a member of the S20 Engagement Group of the Government of India.
Furthermore, AJCVA wishes the Local MLA of Jowai a healthy body so that he can serve the country and the nation and work hard for the country. for the villages and townships within the Jowai Constituency and throughout Jaintia Hills.
They did not cross the border to Bangladesh.
This evil appears to have risen to the highest levels,” the High Court said.
The 'Sankalp Saptaah' will be held in all 500 Aspirational Block.
During the meeting between the BSF and BGB, the BSF informed about the arrival of two BGB personnel. The BGB will take strong action against these two BGB soldiers and ensure that such incidents should not happen again.
The services provided by the members of Yuva Tourism Clubs during the International Tourism March 2022 are excellent and should be commended.
“The AITC will be the worst party in the 2023 MLA election because it will not win more than 4-6 MLAs as shown by the current results,” said Vincent.
However, authorities said Bendriss was involved in the robbery of a juti store and was subsequently chased by the police, where he fled on a motorcycle. -thuk you.
The US airstrike has reportedly killed 18 people in Syria.
Dr. Murugan will also visit All India Radio, Chennai.
“There is a death of piglets, but it is not due to infection, disease but because they were brought in vehicles and when there is a report that the piglets have died, we have promised to the beneficiaries that we shall distribute them to others.
Although Bah Shibun said he could not say anything or tell those who went to meet him in Delhi, it is up to the leaders to do what is necessary with them.
It is also a fact that in various organizations or groups, their leaders see it as the best opportunity for them to prepare themselves to become leaders.
Syngkli said the BADS scheme has been implemented by the Central Government since 1987-88 to bring about economic development in the border areas of Meghalaya.
In a statement, the KSU said that the statement of the leaders of the synjuk is false, which includes some of the Sordar Shnongs who have been distributed heads by these leaders.
The motion scored 450 points while the objections scored 250 points.
The Dorbar Shnong Tympang Iawmusiang today sprayed disinfectant on the market stalls, shops and public entrances to the market in Iawmusiang to fight against and break the chain of coronavirus.
You're trying to keep them down because they're helping people," he said.
In Umtrew, 33 people have been affected by COVID-19 and in Pahamsohthri, 16 households have been affected.
But I would like to remind you of the Canon Law, Can.755:1
Delayed arrival at the hospital until the oxygen saturation in the body drops is dangerous as many patients suffer from severe illness at such times.
The Vice President of the MPCC, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, who is also the Congress candidate from Mylliem constituency, on Tuesday said that those who have been elected as candidates for the National People's Party (NPP) They have suddenly seized expensive clothes, mobile phones and vehicles and this shows that the NPP is spending money on them.
When asked whether he will return to the Congress party, Prestone said, “I don't want to return to the Congress party anymore, because the Congress has become a ship that is about to sink. national or in the state where we have received this,” he said.
This comes after Shangpung Khliehmuchut beat Panaliar 2-0 in the first leg of the tournament at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai on Thursday.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: Two teams including Pay For Right Academy and Mylliem Lum Sports Association will face each other today in the final of the SSA Football League 2023 at 2 pm. SSA stadium.
Ardent said the VPP goes to the people with issues and if he allows it to be in the government it will be achieved but perhaps because he is not yet ready to be in the government, the party will continue to work and fight. fulfill what is promised.
About two hours later, people came to greet him and on his first visit he donated 1000 school shoes to the children of Mawmang.
Shillong, Nailar 26: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) in a statement today said that it does not agree with the statement made by Pastor PBM Bsaiawmoit, as it has admitted that the party has confirmed that the The peace talks were held after the death of Dr. DD Lapang and Bah Julius Dorphang, former Chairman of the party.
The accused was coming from Checksari area to Pattan and when he saw the police team he tried to flee from the place, but was arrested after the blockade. police.
When God created Adam, He created Eve to be the wife of the man.
The more you eat, the more you eat and the more you eat.
“The HYC demands that the Directorate of Research and Training Technology should immediately delete the names of the two students who have appeared according to the notification,” he added.
However, it is not clear whether the ship was capsized on Sunday or in the past, but the Japanese Coast Guard said it had seen the ship. in the sea near this island.
Every man, in order to live, must eat, drink, feed himself, and clothe himself, and dress himself.
Teibor Pathaw has been charged under Section 420,406 IPC CRR No 38(S) 2017 and the case is pending in the Chief Judicial Magistrate's Court.
The selling price of Jowai is T.49.70 per liter (SK Oil Agency Price, Jowai T.44.35, SK Oil Sub-Agency, Transportation Charges T.2.00 per liter Godown/Labour Charges T.1.85 per liter Profit Margin T.1.50 per liter) The price of Amlarem kalong is T.51.70 per liter (S.K.Oil Agency Price, Amlarem T.49.70, Transportation Charges T.1.00 per liter Profit Margin T.1.00 per liter).
All 543 seats should be elected to the Parliament of Religions in order to abolish the British government.
However, the Assam Cabinet has been able to approve one of the most important laws and that is to ban prayer healing, which has been used to convert the people.
amarujala.com.
He said the VPP is against speaking Hindi and if it wins MP, it will sit outside Parliament for five years because everyone in Parliament speaks Hindi.
This scheme will bring about a closer relationship between the State, the Government of India and the administrative departments, such as the Village Government in terms of schooling and education.
“If there is no support from the central government, it will be difficult,” said the MLA. He said that with their joint efforts, it will help in the development of the state because they have joint responsibility. Not only to look after existing projects but also to introduce new projects that the state really needs.
"The Academy at Pailan World School, Kolkata has completed the Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) test conducted at AMRI Hospital in Salt Lake, Kolkata.
The decision of some Dorbar Shnongs to be vigilant in the election campaign and to patrol by the Village Authorities to arrest those who intend to distribute money to get votes from the people, is commendable.
Their decision to join the PDF means that they have condemned the party and let the people judge them,” said Bah Ardent.
He said that the state government has informed through the Official Gazette in which it has empowered the Forest Officer to take as bail and others and to release any goods seized or confiscated. if they have already paid the fine if there are any complaints against anyone who violates the forest laws except those crimes (theft/robbery) confirmed under section 62 or section
“For this reason, the Government of Meghalaya has decided to get the pipes and these water pipes will be handed over to the contractors so that they don't have to buy themselves from the companies and get the water pipes. " he added.
He said that during the meeting, they discussed how the EC will look after the villages, himas and raids and it was decided to conduct a public hearing in collaboration with the villages. They also aim to educate the public to prevent the spread of garbage by implementing the rules to punish those who spread garbage. pathar on the streets and alleys.
On the other hand, the Defense Minister of India, Amit Shah, has always urged the Indian government to implement the NRC across the country to curb all illegal immigrants.
Jowai, Natung 8: The Office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District in collaboration with the Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) and the Bankers' Club Jowai has held a meeting to open the award ceremony. training for bank jobs at the hall of HK Singh School, Jowai on the 7th of this month.
“This is the politics of Lahkmen and he has forgotten his responsibility as a minister and leader of the Jaintia Hills,” said Lakiang.
“But we still need some leaders to join the party because in Meghalaya it doesn't depend on the party but on the individual leaders,” he said. don't say.
Maremdor tied 34 off 26 balls including three 4s and two sixes.
The Chief Superintendent of Police said that besides dismissing Chakma, the state police department has also suspended all the rights of Chakma in relation to the state police department.
The order has stirred up many commercial vehicles in the state and it is learned that there has been a meeting between them and the authorities in charge of the transport department.
Also present on the occasion were Minister of Sports Shakliar Warjri, Mawlai MLA Brightstarwell Marbaniang, BFI Secretary General Hemanta Kumar Kalita and Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association. John F Kharshiing and others.
He said that the program is aimed at reaching out to the poorest in the society and these groups can be Producer Groups, farmers, farmers, manufacturers, or a group of young people who produce soh ki pai in Food Processing.
The Government has also announced that through the National Food Security Act (NFSA) it will distribute free foodgrains to the residents of the villages and the beneficiaries of this NFSA scheme are 21,54,1 The poor have already fallen into this category without payment for the months of June and July.
The 30 Bn.
However, it can be brought back only in the next session under the authority of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.
These drug dealers said that these drug users are not afraid of anyone and when these drug dealers came and beat them, they turned around and beat them with bad words. word sang.
The High Court yesterday recalled the 2018 judgment regarding the excessive police action which led to the death of a prisoner, in which 15 lakh tyngka has been handed over to the family members of the prisoner. The state government has also accepted this order and has paid 15 lakh tyngka.
It was recalled that since its inception in 2000, the Forum has also received recognition from the Government in several areas related to peace and stability in the State.
He added that he understands the importance of sports especially for the BSF personnel, to improve their physical health and also to bring unity.
Rule 17 (1) stipulates that a member of the District Council shall lose his membership if he is a salaried member of the Government of India or the State Government or if he He is also an employee of any District Council.
According to him, the operation started immediately after receiving the reports of the 2023 Assembly elections.
We promise you that we will bring back to you what you have cherished, we will bring back the peace, the love that this state has,” said Rahul.
The child belongs to Baiamonlang Laloo and Wanlambor Kharumnuid, residents of Saitsohpen, Sohra.
For the night is far spent, the day is at hand.
In 1990 I was born in Shallang.
They called him by their name and affectionately called him 'Nai Khatsaw Synnia.
Scientists have come out with another explanation that the coronavirus is an airborne disease and it is from there that it spreads to other people through the airborne disease. a virus or bacteria, which enters a healthy person.
The misuse of the site has been excessive as the Marten has served Shillong and surrounding areas for more than 80 years and has exceeded the capacity as originally planned.
MR's speech was not only on this issue but also on the issue of the two leaders.
The rainfall, elsewhere, is as follows –.
Those who pay the entrance fee of T.100, will be able to become a member for one month and those who have expired, are requested to pay the entrance fee again, in order to renew their names.
Jowai: Two traders' associations, the All Jaintia Cements and Clinker Transporters Association and the All Northeast Transporters Association, today held a special meeting at Sweet Chilly. Hotel, Mynkre in East Jaintia Hills District Lumshnong, The meeting discussed the affected truck owners who transport various goods especially Dewbillat and Clinker from Lumshnong to other parts of the state. east LAM-East.
Have any of you civil society organizations ever sought information on these issues? Why don't you fight against corrupt government employees not only for money; but what is the spirit? I arrived at the office at 11/12 o'clock and left at 3/4 o'clock.
They include R Hamberley Wahlang, Acting Syiem of Jirang Hima, Ainam Manik, Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pholasly Nianglang, Sirdar of Nonglang Sirdarship and Erald Jyrwa, Acting Syiem of Nongspung Hima. .
Class 12 exam pt will be completed.
Jowai, Jymmang 08: Rising Star cricket team has won the 1st T10 Tennis Ball Knockout 8-Aside Crickets Tournament organized by Lion Sports and Youth Affairs (LSAYA) Jowai, Jowai. Lion Mission Compound.
However, the most shocking thing is the collapse of the newly elected Meghalaya Legislative Assembly on the night of 21st May 2022 in New Shillong. It has been decided that they will not be able to hold the Dorbar in the next Assembly Session.
Shillong: The employees of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) under the banner of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Employees Union (MCLEU) today staged a protest at the parking lot of the Addl. Secretariat to demand their rights which they should receive from the government.
He said that he has already held a meeting with the Engineer PWD Mawsynram Sub-Division and asked him for a report on all the roads in Mawsynram constituency, which ones need to be built, which ones need to be repaired and which ones need to be repaired. He said that the Engineer has promised to deliver the report by Tuesday.
The Meghalaya government has lost its strength.
“They immediately brought weapons, when the VDPs tried to talk or stop them, they shot, beat and tarred the IDs of the VDPs and threatened the village leaders including “They have thrown blood into our village without any reason,” said the village secretary Sibil Tariang.
Whether it is the dress of women, excessive viewing of movies, viewing of immoral books, drug abuse, loss of masculinity, immorality or other reasons.
There is no denying that the vast majority of others scare us.
On the other hand, they said that even if many of the soldiers have to go to the elections, they will work hard to protect especially the trafficked cattle.
Panbari falls under the Raid Amjong and Hima Khyrim, but the arrival of these Bangladeshis and their invitation to new people to settle in the area, has caused a great deal of trouble to the people. The residents, especially those who have farmed land, have been destroyed by these invaders.
“Among these, 3175 injection drug users have registered with TI-NGOs,” she said.
The function of this Agency is to issue permits to any person who wishes to set up factories in Meghalaya, and to do whatever it takes to expedite the issuance of such permits. permission.
Andrew expressed his deep sorrow over the condition of the Maternal & Child Health Hospital (MCH) as at present the MCH has been in demand for patients who need assistance in such areas as these times.
He said that after he gave a strong blow, all those who have EPIC on both sides have surrendered and if we count the total number of them, it has exceeded 100 people in the area alone.
Bergamo has 6,700 cases and dozens of deaths.
For me, the date of implementation of this Reservation Roster will be from 10th June, 2022 onwards,” said Bah Kynta.
Shillong, Nailar 03: The authorities have taken action to try to install security systems inside the lyer bar in Nan Polok. Speaking to u SP News Agency, Range Officer, Forest Department, Bah NL Marwein, said that he has received a request to install CCTV cameras in this area. cases where people have taken advantage of this place to make it a place to drink and commit immoral acts.
On the other hand, the Secretary of the Sein Raij Tuber, R.Sana, said that the Behdein Khlam of the Raij will start from the 18th of this month along with the completion of many rituals and rituals.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Andrew Simon, Chief Officer of the State Legislative Assembly, said that they are trying to bring the body of Dr Donkupar Roy this evening or tomorrow.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 390 new cases have been confirmed and the number of active cases in the state has risen to
“They’ve been trying to claim it for 44 years.
Smith, on the other hand, spent four days in Dubai with his wife after the second Test before joining the team in Delhi.
This was stated by Bah Lambor Malngiang on the day he visited the Screening Center at Byrnihat, where he and members of the Meghalaya State Planning Board, visited the screening center to encourage the staff. Center and at the same time to learn about the working methods of the Screening Centre.
WHAT CAUSES THIS DISEASE: You can get this disease if you have too much uric acid in your body.
He also denied that Mizoram police threw bombs at Assam police.
“We, Ka Sur ki Nongkhiew, would like to express our gratitude to Justice T.Vaiphei who has handed over to the State Government his thorough investigation into the shooting death of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew. blood of the Police Station on the 13th of July, 2021,” said a statement from Ka Sur ki Nong Mawlai.
Shillong: U MLA of Sohiong constituency, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, while speaking at a meeting of the Congress party held at Weilyngkut constituency, on Tuesday said that many allegations have been made against the Congress party for the distribution of the public scheme. .5000 tyngka in which he said that they alleged that this money is not a public assistance but a debt that the people have to pay back after six months.
Shillong: The Supreme Court will rule tomorrow on the coal mining issue in Meghalaya, said Ma Lber Laloo, who is fighting a case in the court to lift the ban on coal mining. in the State.
He said that all parties want only to win elections and not for the generation.
It was written by PM Sangma, Deputy Commissioner of Transport GOM who is also the Secretary STA.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The street vendors in Shillong under the umbrella of the Meghalaya Progressive Hawkers and Street Vendors Association (PLHA) have held a cake cutting ceremony in front of Bimola shop. the state government informed the court that it will repeal the state law, but will implement the federal law for street vendors.
He said that these schemes will be implemented here in the district especially to register those residents who have not yet received the benefits and to hear how the people feel before they receive these schemes. schemes and when they received the schemes.
He was also arrested and questioned and will be produced before the Manipur High Court on 15th June.
Pyniaid said that the VPP leader said that the appointment of CEM was a forced appointment by the state government but according to the rules of law, the appointment and confirmation of the CEM was done by the Governor of Meghalaya. The state and the VPP leader's speech against the CEM has been a contempt of court and it is surprising that even the VPP leader does not know the laws and which can endanger the nation.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said he is preparing a plan to beautify the Kedarnath temple, where he prayed on the eve of the last day of polling day for the Lok Sabha elections
Due to the tear gas and stun grenades, the HITO threw stones at the police and in this stone throwing, one DSP was injured.
In this regard, some of the residents of Mawkyrwat have expressed their concern especially over the appearance of smell-iw-tung which they do not know where it comes from and this complaint that there is smell is especially from those houses. which are located near a market in Mawkyrwat.
When inquiring for more information, reports said that on the 8th of June, there may be other MLAs from one ethnic party who may join the NPP to strengthen the ruling NPP. Furthermore, reports said that if the talks between the NPP and those MLAs from one of the ethnic parties are not completed, the entry of those MLAs will not be successful, but will be completed. after the MLA elections in Sohiong constituency.
There was also a thorough inspection of the placards carried inside the premises, the source said.
The MDA government has been working for three years without a Common Minimum Programme.
He said that earlier the KHADC had sent a letter to the government to remind them of these proposals which have not been implemented, but he said that the time limit for them for less than two years is enough. more time, but “The sooner the better" he said.
Indian pistol shooters Sarobjot Singh won the gold medal in the 10m Air Pistol and Varun Tomar, the youngest shooter, won the silver medal in the Pistol event. /Rifle World Cup of the International Shooting Sport Association (ISSF).
One may be that its use has also decreased compared to the past.
This constituency, which doesn't usually suffer from water shortage, except during the rainy season, has been suffering from water shortage for several days now. of the Shillong Municipal Board.
Until now, the people want to see and hear what the Sengbhalang will do at this time when the cloud of darkness is about to cover the nation. What is the role of the Sengbhalang to speak or criticize about the problems that have come to overwhelm this nation? There was also a discussion whether it is only the duty of the Rangbah or the duty of the political parties to find ways and means how to get rid of these problems.
Also present on the occasion were the Chairman of NESFAS, Bah Phrang Roy, Heads of the National Fisheries Development Board, Hyderabad and others.
They called for the government to release her and if it wants to arrest her it should arrest them.
When asked whether during his journey in this election until he was able to defeat the two political candidates from Mawlai, he found that there was a money laundering operation, Bah Brightstarwell replied, “ During the journey I found that there is a lack of money but you have seen the resolution announced and this shows clearly that the financial authorities are no longer working in Mawlai because the people have understood their right to elect the founders. law".
Now we look forward to moving forward in the coalition government and we hope that soon we will be able to sit at the same table to discuss our Common Minimum Program (CMP)”.
Mawlai Mawtawar has written to the C&RD Block Department and handed over 3 acres of land for the construction of the Mawlai C&RD Block. with the participation of Jt.
The complaint was that after finding through RTI that some schemes like the Social Rural Work Program (SRWP) have not followed the guidelines to implement the scheme of the government for the people of this constituency.
They said that according to the report of the Hima Mylliem submitted to the KHADC in the year 2010-2011, the Hima has T.7,37,561 tyngka in the bank while according to the actual balance in the bank through the In the same year, the Hima has allocated T.1,77,19,208 tyngka to the District Council. The government has allocated T.42,07,7
Besides raising awareness on the dangers of drug trafficking, the meeting also raised awareness on the law against the sale of drugs and the punishment under the law by imprisonment for those involved in drug trafficking.
Aicifull Khar-Musulman, a resident of Mawrusyiar village, Nongstoin West Khasi Hills District, has been working as one of the caregivers of children in the past years.
As part of the Self-Employment Scheme for Rehabilitation of Manual Scavengers (SRMS), 22,294 waste cleaners have entered training programs in other jobs since 2014-15,5 districts are no longer using people to clean up these wastes.
The true worshipers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth: for the Father seeketh such to worship him.
Tripura Government officials have recently sent a letter to the Central Government officials to suggest for the establishment of eight more border markets across the state.
“I don't have the intention to take part in the meeting because I don't need to discuss but I need the government to bring a resolution,” he said.
There were no reported fatalities during the storm.
“We would like to thank the Dorbar Shnong Mihmyntdu, the Catholic Church Mihmyntdu and various government departments from PWD, PHE, Health Department, MeECL, Soil and Water Conservation and also the Department of Soil and Water Conservation. Forest who have helped us as a church to hold a successful Youth Synod,” said a statement from the church.
Shillong: U Bah RG Lyngdoh, former Congress leader and former Minister of Home Affairs, on Tuesday said that The number of people who shouted “Long Live HNLC” on the 15th of July 2021 was the day of the funeral of former General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew. on the 13th of July 2021, at his residence in Mawlai Kynton Massar, was shot dead by the police. “It happened recently during a public march, there were not as many people as there were on that day when they went to the funeral but he said that we should not count sting and we need to listen to the the needs and rest of the youth especially in those areas.
On development works, he said that in every meeting with Assam, it was decided to cooperate between the district authorities of both sides and the central government schemes should not be complained or suspended whether it is in any direction. and many who are from the central government have no problems and are doing well.
Therefore, the religious proverb, even the 'Shad Suk Mynsiem', has not existed since the story of the 'lamet latang' cremation, which is a proverb of the meaning and sanctity of the religious leader:- Na u tdong of the cow, the Thuia' shad, from the two branches of the sword and the stieh and the sner like the khor ka khriam and from the Khu u Khmi, like the color of the pla, so all these things represent the The traditional religion and its fruits appear again in all these activities to witness as the Khasi dances before his Creator in the lympung of the altar to perform the ritual to break the weaknesses of man and thanks again. by dancing to his Creator to stand up for humanity, and to turn back to God in his earthly life.
Furthermore, as of 2020 till 4/5/2021, the death toll from Covid-19 has risen to 11 in different villages (Tpeppale-1, Lamuusiang-1, Mission Compound-2, Mynthong-1, Moosalyngkat-1, Darrang-1, longnoh-1, Mihmyntdu-1, Nartiang-1, Shangpung-1).
If the universe has been corrupted since the time of Genesis, the same evil and violent forces continue to destroy the universe to this day.
Patricia, in her letter, alleged that these robbers, who have been doing this since 1979, have never been arrested. “This shows that the law in Meghalaya is no longer in force,” she said.
He urged the people to join hands by not taking their vehicles or bikes and scooties to the streets, but to have signs on the roads as a sign of support for their demands.
The Additional Superintendent of Police (Addl.SP) of East Khasi Hills District, Bah Stiep Rynjah, said that the fine is collected from those vehicles which violate the traffic rules by parking illegally. in places that are not allowed around Shillong.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said that the state government will not allow illegal activities in the state. to prevent illegal activities, but many illegal activities are not committed.
MNREGA has also been increased to assist farmers and T.48500 crore has been allocated. A target has been set to increase women's employment through NREGA by 55%.
“This is evidence that many of the current MLAs have started to come to the UDP to contest or become candidates,” said Bah Pius.
Police sources said that the incident happened at about 4:30 pm, but there was no damage to the two police stations.
Besides, the Union also urges all those who have responsibility for the welfare of the people to give their opinion on this bill, by writing to the KHADC and not just criticize.
The Dy.CM said that the shooting of the victim has caused a stir among the residents.
What good is it to you to protest when the indigenous people (women & young women) are silent? Do you know that our young women love the mynder ri more than you? The Dkhar didn't come here; he still has his share in his own city; but I am a Khasi man, I live on the ground and on the ground.
However, the Chief Minister shook hands with the Rangbah Shnong and handed over a check of T.5 lakh to the victims.
Now the Hima has turned into a political road where the candidates take advantage and pretend to inspect the village roads which are under construction and accuse the MLA of not being willing to work.
In 2018, the Spanish coach took over as head coach of the team and led Bengaluru to the title in the 2018-2019 season.
He said that it is for this reason that the Government has conducted a tour of the rural villages in all the districts in order to identify the children who are talented in various sports.
Let us turn and humble ourselves before the Almighty with a heart of repentance, turning away from all evil ways.
The question now is why the UDP shabuk refers only to James of the NPP and not to Rymbui of the UDP when both of them are in the the same Government? Isn't that the UDP's selfishness, what it demands should be achieved? Will the UDP be satisfied if this demand is met? Or will it continue to wait for all to be destroyed? Does the UDP have any conflict with the opposition?
Thus, the custom of women sleeping in the rympei and men sleeping outside the rympei has changed.
During a thorough investigation to track down the hideouts of the members of this group, police also seized necessary items including mobile phones and other documents.
The match ended with a score of 2-2 goals.
Informing about this, UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh said that this meeting is very important because the party will discuss issues related to how to prepare for the MP and MDC elections. The State Election Committee, headed by President Dr Donkupar Roy and Secretary General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh, includes all the members of the MLAs, MDCs, District Presidents, BM Lanong, Paul Lyngdoh, Kong. Pretty K Pyngrope, Banalari Khongwar, Allantry F Dkjhar, Paul Simpli, Welcome Dkhar, Mera A Sangma, Utpal Arength from Garo Hills, presidents of Youth Wing and Women Wing.
Nongrum said that if the CDPO makes a mistake only in a small job like Anganwadi job with a salary of T.3000, how can the people trust this office to handle projects worth lakhs of rupees? amount.
In another development, it was reported that the journalists from Jowai, have decided not to lodge a complaint against Ma Balen Thubru and those involved and have decided to ban the trucks. who carry coal from tomorrow.
The police also appealed to the residents to maintain peace and order, and at the same time warned that the robbers involved in disturbing the peace will be punished according to the law.
He said that the presence of committees set up by the government with members of political parties has created distrust among the people because it is political.
Mbappe is also the first player to win the title four times after winning it for the first time in 1994, beating Zlatan Ibrahimovic;  He has won the same award three times in his three seasons at PSG. Other awards presented on the same day were the 'Coach of the Season', where Franck Haise of Lens has been selected for the award after leading the team to second place and qualifying for the Champions League for the first time in two years. legacy of the club.
He said that this year they have started again the work of digging a hole to install fire at the site, which is in front of the parking lot, which has already been closed down, where the SMB has Permission has been granted to build a shop in this area despite this lockdown.
In the past few days, the union has visited several villages under the leadership of the General Secretary, including Raliang, Shangpung, Mookhap and Mookaiaw.
When the Lumdorbar had been completed, it was time to climb to the Mei Mawbuh, where the lehniam was completed with a 'ar bah 'ar san' and 'rang binong rang bishot' rang kyniu rang phawar. The sign of the fulfillment of the thanksgiving is the 'lei village lei muluk, the villagers of each country together with the ryngkew ki basa to dig and build, in which the work here too is sufficient and smooth. uniform.
Therefore, both the State Governments should take action and ensure that the residents of the border areas are not neglected, but experience development and economic progress.
Undocumented persons should not be allowed.
“However, the CJM has not remembered this rule in connection with the arrest of a suspected thief named Choi Kyndait from Khliehtyrshi,” said the source. asked the news source.
Jesus also promised as God the Father promised, Luk 11:9, “And I say unto you, Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you. I'll open it for you".
The incident occurred at 12:00 pm when a Volkswagen (AS-FF-5590) driven by Kautav K Kalita from Assam collided with another vehicle. The autorickshaw (ML 10 A 8361) driven by Bah Starling Dohling collided with another vehicle.
Nongpoh: The plan of the Seng Samla Raid Nongtung Border Area, to hold a public meeting at Jatalong village, has failed after they were stopped by the Assam Police.
Rishanlang Mawrie of Shillong Commerce College was nominated for Best Actor and Jai Jai Lin Lyngwa of St. Mary's College was nominated for Best Actress.
The year began with a change in the political landscape with the appointment of a new Central Government and also the appointment of new Governments in many other states.
The opening ceremony was attended by JM Pohsngap President, General Secretary M Nongpluh, members of WJDBA, teachers and students. .
It is worth mentioning that the KSU Ri Bhoi, has recently expressed its opposition to the proposal of MeECL to implement the smart meter and UGO Billing system. 19 by MeECL and M/s Satnam Global Infra Projects Ltd (JV), which violated the COVID-19 rules, by conducting a training program to teach on the use of Smart Meter and UGO Billing System. Meter Reader has been implemented in Ri Bhoi District without complying with the rules and regulations laid down by the Government to prevent the spread of COVID-1
That too not by the preaching of the Gospel to them by men but by the grace of God's salvation upon them, until that day when they hear the Gospel of Jesus which will be preached by three angels, lym therefore, they will not believe.
The king spent more time and days sitting with his fourth wife because he loved her so much.
“In other places, if there is a blackout, the electricity bill will be lower while in these villages, the electricity bill will be the same,” he added.
Khliehriat, July 30: The Rangad Falls Eco Tourism Society in collaboration with the Rangad Dorbar Shnong, has announced that on the 31st of July and 1st of June, the tourist attractions in Rangad will be closed. including the Pdeiñ Rangad and the Umbyrleiñ Valley for unavoidable reasons.
This was stated by Nalinkumar Kateel, BJP chief in Karnataka.
MB Rymbai handed over his resignation letter to the President of the Jowai Block Congress Committee, Awhoi Andrew Shulla who is also the CEM of JHADC. “It is a great loss to the Congress party,” said the source.
Bags, plastic plates, shamoit, proh, packaging, cigarette packaging, PVC banner should be less than 100 micron thick.
JOWAI: U Conrad K Sangma, President of the National People's Party (NPP) and Chief Minister of Meghalaya on Saturday visited East Jaintia Hills District to campaign for the MDC elections to be held on June of the people to win the NPP in JHADC.
He said the state health department has ordered them to quarantine for 14 days at home or to call 108 for evacuation. not provided by the government.
Speaking on his support for the repeal of Article 370 of the Constitution and the division of Jammu and Kashmir into Ladakh, Hans, who is one of the singers, said: “The JNSU should be renamed to MNU,” he said.
Shillong: The General Secretary of the Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee (DMC) Manjinder Singh Sirsa on Tuesday arrived in Shillong to inspect the situation of the Sikh community. riots have been raging in the city since Thursday.
Besides the cash prizes for the winners and runners-up, they also distributed individual prizes such as the best player, top scorer, best goalkeeper and others.
In the 10th minute, Mawlai scored the first goal through Donlad Diengdoh, before Samuel Lyngdoh Kynshi scored the second goal in the second half. 27 minutes.
Before the Kñia, the Langdoh cleaned the thanksgiving ceremony to convey to the gods and goddesses for the smooth running of the religious activities and the peace and order of the village.
We all know that this earth is not only the home of us human beings but also the home of all living things that have been set apart by the Creator.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday said that the people should be careful when eating beef, pork and fish.
After no one objected to the dorbar convened by the Dolloi of Jowai Elaka, the Dolloi announced to elect the Waheh Shnong by election and the nomination papers have been filed on the 11th of this month. He also gave the certificates of the candidates for the post of Waheh Shnong of Khliehtyrshi Dorbar Shnong.
He said that the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma and the Secretary Prestone Tynsong had called him to offer him a job.
In the afternoon, a sermon was delivered by Bah Dominic Thappa who gave a sermon and preached the Word of God on the theme, “Grow up in Him” (Colossians 2:7) and the blessing of Rev Fr Manbha Pakem DYD-JDCYM. At the end of the day, Ma Dawan Lyngdoh MDC Mynsngat-Khanduli Constituency in the presence of Lyngdohs, former leaders. of the Catholic Church and the faithful.
This statement has angered many political parties, who have also asked the government, for such things, that the villagers can not do at all and perhaps, this will be the answer that is very important to the government, that it clarify the names of the businesses.
He recalled the support of the MPs from Shillong Constituency in the Lok Sabha on the issues that the MPs of other states have proposed to include in their language in the 8th Schedule They supported only to express their desire to include the Khasi language in the 8th Schedule, which last happened when Bah PR Kyndiah was MP of this constituency.
When Jesus becomes King and Ruler over the earth, there will be new heavens and a new earth.
On the other hand, these leaders said that all the insults against the Congress party are only to mislead the people and if not why they came to propose them to contest elections from their parties. They did not obey the proposals, they beat them and as leaders they did not want to mislead the people and they stood on the foundation to truly serve the people.
Shillong: The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) has received many complaints from many residents of East Jaintia Hills. jam especially in the field of inheritance from small to medium sized jobs, including Tympew (kwai shops), ration shops, factories including furniture or car factories. small and large factories), meat processing including pork, beef, goat, chicken, coal transportation (Monsi) and so on.
He said that the president and secretary will be like the colors, but the members will be the body to work together and it is up to the body for the colors to be strong to work.
He said that although the time and era has passed to use mobile phones to seek information, but the habit of reading books will help a lot.
Rev. RR Cunville will speak at 10:30 pm, Rev. Dr. E Richards at 1:30 pm and Rev.D.C Haia will deliver the service at 7:00 pm.
JOWAI: Chanky Lyngdoh, MDC of the United Democratic Party (UDP) in JHADC, has joined the National People's Party (NPP) along with his supporters after losing his ticket from the UDP. Thursday in Jowai.
Arya complained on Saturday that on Friday, Deibor had demanded money from him to issue a permit for the transportation of goods.
Revelation 6:9-1
Besides, the road at Karonggre has been closed near Dalu which is NH
Speaking to u SP News Agency, CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing said that in fact the hearing on the case of MLAs/MDCs was today but only the lawyers of the MLAs and MDCs came today. MDCs who submitted their written statement to the court.
We have seen that the wind is essential to the life of man, because by it he breathes and breathes.
Those who do not distribute, distribute insufficiently or distribute defective goods should inform the office of the DC (Supply), East Khasi Hills, Shillong.
“Outwardly, we have hope to win but we don't know the inner thoughts of the people,” said Dr Jemino.
The school was first known as Middle English School and was established in 1968 under the leadership of Bah Neralson Syiemlieh. 2012.
Because now you need a degree.
Shillong, Lber 23: The Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday said that the allegations of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) The recent construction of the Traditional and Cultural Center at Jingkieng Kalong has been unsuccessful.
The party invites everyone to take part in this day.
The Deputy CEM said that the laws of KHADC will have to be strengthened as recognized by the Constitution of India.
Afghan Interior Minister Abdul Mateen Qani said the incident took place on Tuesday evening in the city of Bamiyan.
In a statement, MK Majumder, Director of the Sacred Heart Career Academy, said that Paul, who was the Office Manager of the Academy, has been dismissed since 23rd June. after being accused of sexually assaulting a 14-year-old girl.
They said that almost all the residents of the area are employed in various factories in the area.
The Retail Price for the FPS Center which is 5 kms from the wholesale shop in Sonapur will be according to the price set by the Vigilance Committee.
Congress supporters who left the party in the MDC elections to return to strengthen the party also attended the meeting.
And when you ask 36 or 24, everyone will answer
The Russian missiles have also flew to other cities such as Dnipro, which has already suffered heavy attacks in July in which 40 people were killed. died at that time.
As it turned out, the miaw and his wife were able to come and live with the people at home.
Bah Dkhar said that people with visual impairments often feel very tired when walking on the road due to the lack of footpaths and the large number of snowflakes. their lives are in danger.
Therefore, the paid knup paid trap from the east of Shillong cannot reach the east or west of Shillong unless it passes through Iewduh or Motphran.
He lodged a complaint with the police that two of the seven persons were seriously injured and were taken to Civil Hospital. The two seriously injured persons were Upender Singh and Harendar Kumar.
He continued to play until he retired from government service.
He also won silver medals in the National Level in Muaythai at Lampak Manipur and in the National Level in Hades K-Pro 3.0 KickBoxing Pro at Chowgule College, Vidya Nagar Margoan, Goa.
Shillong, October 29: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has appointed Bah Iaishah S Japanp as Acting Sirdar of Sohbar Elaka after the expiry of the term of Bah KS Lyngskor.
Leaders of the KSU Western Ri Bhoi District, today appealed to the KSU Western Ri Bhoi District for the non-receipt of the Matric results, even after they have completed the process of writing the Secondary School Leaving Certificate. Information from the teachers of the school, so that they know the truth why these students did not get the results even after they finished writing the examination.
The 18 schools that completed the training of Aspire Meghalaya this month include Shillong Commerce College in East Khasi Hills; Tirot Sing Memorial College, Langtor Higher Secondary School, Kynshi Higher Secondary School and Pariong Presbytery Higher Secondary School in Eastern West Khasi Hills; St.Mary’s Higher Secondary School, Nativity Higher Secondary School and Hynriew Shnong Higher Secondary School in South West Khasi Hills; Nongstoin College and Lyngngam Presbyterian Higher Secondary School in West Khasi Hills; Don Bosco Higher Secondary School in Ri Bhoi; Rymbai Government Secondary School in East Jaintia Hills, Sacred Heart Higher Secondary School and Dalu Government Higher Secondary School in West Garo Hills; Loyola College in East Garo Hills; I went to Secondary School in North Garo Hills, St.Francis De Sales Secondary School in South Garo Hills; and Ampati Degree College in South West Garo Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Saturday expressed its confidence that it will be able to form and lead the State Government in
Lehbha Phawa, one of the elders of the Phawa clan, congratulated Dikyl Phawa for coming forward to help the poor clan members who are facing difficulties due to the Covid-19 pandemic. 19.
On the other hand, the FKJGP has given 10 days to the authorities in charge of NEHU to appoint teachers in this department and the FKJGP will take other measures.
The State Government will provide adequate subsidy where large units will receive up to 70% and small units will receive 50%.
Therefore, TECNO Mobile once again stands out to produce even better mobile phones, and this is to attract customers who want to buy fast phones.
The incident in the village came after it was alleged that the Sordar of the village was elected in a biased manner without listening to the voice of the people in the dorbar in the past years. It has also reached the KHADC and the High Court after it was alleged that the Syiem had issued a certificate to the Sordar despite the opposition of the villagers.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member of the United Democratic Front (UDF) (UDF) today appointed four Executive Members (EMs) to the Executive Committee of the United Democratic Front (UDF).
In every nation there are citizens who believe that the blood of the nation is pure and its purity must be preserved.
Mawkyrwat, July 15: JNV, Mawkyrwat on 14th July, 2023 held a briefing on Jan Bhagidari as part of raising awareness on the objectives of the G20 Summit in India, the National The NEP 2020 and Foundational Literacy and Numeracy (FLN) were attended by teachers from several schools and students.
And the sea gave up the dead which were in it; and death and hell delivered up the dead which were in them: and they were judged every man according to their works.
He should be avoided.
However, the action is appropriate, but we must remember that the 71 testing centers should not overwhelm the public and the testing should go faster. but to have many places and to test tens of thousands of people, it is no longer the responsibility of the Meghalaya government; However, it would have been better to allow other private individuals to cooperate in this work, even if it has to pay, there is no problem for those who can afford to pay.
Speaking at the meeting, the management of the company explained the intention of Meghalaya Cement Ltd (Topcem) to expand the Cement Clinkerisation Plant from 2600 TPA (0.858 million MPTA) to 4500 TDP (1.485 million TPD). 10MW CPP and 9.5 MW WHRS, at Thangskai and explained the aspects of the project.
He reminded the villagers that his father, Purno Agitok Sangma, started his education from this place.
Shillong, Nailar 06 : Former MLA Stephan Mukhim of 7-Amlarem Constituency has decided to contest again in the 2023 MLA elections as the candidate of the National People's Party (NPP). Het Pohthmi, MDC from Warwest, has been elected from Amlarem Constituency.
“How to clean: Take a ball, add some blueberry powder and add a drop of castor oil.
“1 lakh laptops will be distributed to Higher Secondary and College students in the state to promote Digital Education.
When asked what he means by saying it depends on the wisdom of the people, Julius Dorphang said he is talking about the unity of the people on this issue.
Taking the summary of the candidates contesting this election, they can be judged according to the signs that are promising for the development of the state and for the improvement of income and income generation. the knowledge of the people.
The weight of these gold bars is 2331.82 grams and is worth T.1.42 crore.
The Minister of AH & Veterinary, Mrs. Deborah Marak in her speech encouraged the participants to take up farming as their profession so that it can increase their income. , she also told the public that the funds for this project can be obtained from the relevant department.
The tournament will feature seven states from the BCCI North East Zone. The tournament will be held in Nagaland from 29th October to 3rd June
If the Hynniew Trep people have been ruled by the Assamese people for more than 20 years, why should we be ruled by the Garo people for more than 50 years?
