Tunisian tennis star Ons Jabeur has won the Charleston Open.
He said that when the department finds that the Deputy Commissioner (DC) or the Superintendent of Police (SP) is not using his powers, the department has to take action on that and what should be done. From time to time, a person should not be allowed to stay too long in the same place in his or her job as it can lead to a relationship and profit between the two groups.
Warning that the transfer of jait to a man will destroy the customs and traditions and will bring peace in the family, Martle said that this transfer of jait to a man is very terrible and will destroy. to the nation and it shall bring bloodshed.
From the new to the old government, to those in the opposition, they have talked about the money so that the people should not waste the money that comes to buy votes for the candidates.
Also present on the occasion were Bah HS Diengdoh President of SWKHDBA, who conducted the meeting, Kong YR Mawlong ADC Bah RR Lyngkhoi, Minister of Mawkyrwat Village and other members of the Association. The opening ceremony of the Badminton Championships 2023 will be held in Mawkyrwat.
He said that workshops have been conducted in 23 states with hot climates.
How can you not hold the post of Rangbah Shnong?
He was the Headmaster of the night school from 1954 to
The permit is only for security and NoC from the University.
Hundreds of students have flocked to cyber cafes and this has disrupted their studies as they have to work for this job, said UDP Working President Dr Jemino Mawthoh.
Rangdajied United have qualified for the semi finals of the Meghalaya State League (MSL) after beating Rymbai Iawpynsing FC on Saturday. 3 to 0 in the match which was played today 25th June 2025 at Kiang Nangbah Stadium of Jowai Zone.
The day was also enriched by songs and short skits performed by the students as a sign of respect for the teachers who have given their best service to the development of education, morality and especially. to lead children to a brighter future.
IAS, Secretary Revenue and Disaster Department, State Government was also present as the Chief Guest in the presence of Bah K Passah, Assistant Director, Department of Sports. & Youth Affairs, Mr. John F Kharshiing, Working President, Meghalaya State Olympics Association (MSOA), Mr. Col Omkar Singh, Registrar, NEHU, Mrs. Darlene Khonglam, Sports Officer, Finely Pariat, Secretary, Meghalaya Athletics Association, Australian Olympian Ian Campbell.
Catholics took an active part in laying flowers and burning candles in memory of their loved ones who have passed away.
:Martin Luther Christian University today celebrated the opening ceremony of the construction of its own campus after receiving its own plot of land at Umphyrnai in Mawryngkneng Block, East Khasi Hills.
The newspaper Mundo Deportivo reported that Blatter resigned four days after his re-election because he was surrounded by corruption.
Fr. Richard said that when preaching the Word of God, it is not with the intention of winning anyone or wanting to get these things because it is not part of the Word of God.
During the inspection, the FKJGP leaders found that there are Dhaba and Restaurants including Blue Spring, Ri Ka Nan, Cabana, Bet Meki and at the same time the FKJGP also found that Rani Motor Showroom cum Servicing. and Marbaniang Servicing, have discharged the waste to the rivers in the area.
Therefore there is no time to turn to God in prayer, for He Himself has spoken plainly, saying – “If my people, which are called by My name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and repent, seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways: Then will I hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin, and will heal their land" 2 Chronicles 7:1
What encouraged the Union was the incident that happened on 14th November 2017 when there was a meeting between the Government, KHADC and the Union.
God also praises and blesses those who humbly attend church, using the teachings they receive from church.
In addition to the authority of the SGRC, there are private individuals who conduct the race with a copy and slip at the price of 10 tyngka, 10 anna, 2 anna for the low income sectors which conduct outside the end of the race. The Finish Point (CRPF) and the Race Course are held on Saturdays from noon to evening and on this day there is no SSA Football Tournament and the Race Course is very busy. Tourists from other states and the country because Shillong was more famous than the race courses of Jorhat (Assam) and Darjeeling (W. Bengal) at that time.
The University authorities will immediately set up a COVID-19 Task Force to look into and listen to the concerns of students across the state regarding the conduct of online classes and examinations.
“We have heard that, and the President of the party has said so but we have given freedom to the MLAs to vote but we will have a meeting tomorrow morning before going to vote,” said Dr Jemino Mawthoh.
The cause of the war was the assassination of the young Archduke Franz Ferdinand, who would succeed him to the throne of the Austro-Hungarian Empire.
On the other hand, the VPP has rejected the Government's proposal to include the party in the committee.
The GSU said that despite many allegations and claims of the VPP, the party has not been able to provide figures from government departments to support its claims that the Khasi have lost their lives. remove and that they will lose.
Don't leave a mark on the minds of women.
The sports meet of the school started on Friday with various competitions and games.
“The HSPDP party is fighting to explain the foundation of our people, the rights of our country, whether it is in the land or coal mining because it is our right. not the authorities of Delhi".
“We are filled with disappointment sometimes just because we are late for 10 or 2 minutes, the manager fires them that they don't need to come to work and that they should go home, and cut their salary. “They have been accused of stealing money from their workplaces, and most of them have complained about this but no one believes,” said one of them. The employee, who did not want to be named, added that there is a CCTV camera 24 hours a day at their workplace.
At the same time, Bah Rocky said that in fact he started going to North Shillong to contest from this constituency to contest from the BJP. BJP candidate and received the ticket from the party leaders.
On the other hand, the Minister urged the residents of the state and other people involved in drug trafficking to refrain from fighting against the government and also against the government. imlang and society.
Those who converted to the Sarna religion were welcomed by washing their feet and the women who were accused of being forced to convert to Christianity were covered with sindoor.
Many young people are unemployed in this market.
Shillong, July 24: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has proposed to use mobile technology to check the EVMs that should not be used during the elections. around the state.
After the dance from all over Jowai, the Dorbar Shnongs came to Ïawmusiang to show their permission to the management of the Jaintia Tourism and Environment Society, the organization that promotes tourism in the area. prize for the best village.
The Sordar has informed the police, the law enforcement agencies of Mairang Civil Sub Division and the leaders of the constituency but on Friday morning they came to bury him. ground to this hole.
Speaking on the NEP-2020, the Minister spoke in detail on the need for colleges to offer courses in various courses, to appoint more teachers and infrastructure where all the necessary funds will be allocated. court up to Rs 400-500 crore.
If you want the state to rule, those who love the country and the people first vote for the VPP now.
In their place, they will be replaced by Bah Coming One Ymbon and Dr Celestine Lyngdoh.
According to the mother of the deceased, Tyngshaiñlang Lyngdoh Marshillong has been drinking for the past few days since the 2nd of this month. and did not eat anything else.
“When it's too much, people don't like it anymore and as soon as they see it, they don't like it,” explained Rikynti and smiled. “I agree with you,” said Hiram and smiled. “Ade! "It's less than ten pounds ... leave it," said Ri and stood up without sitting and walked to the road to the phalor.
The meeting also decided to hold an EC Cum Zonal meeting on the 10th of July and a public meeting on the 22nd of July in Shillong to discuss the main issues. which are different.
He said that the first round of the VPP has come to an end and soon it will start the second round where it will go to the district headquarters to explain and seek support from the people on the VPP. The VPP has demanded the appointment of an Expert Committee to study the Reservation System and also to immediately suspend the implementation of the Roster System.
When asked whether he feels any fear that they will be transferred to the Hima after the arrival of the new Syiem, he said, “We don't feel fear because we have the necessary documents. “It's not the Hima, it's the border around it,” said the tymmenbasan.
On this occasion, the Seng has also informed us of this irregularity by this department which has turned off the electricity twice a day from 9 am to 12 noon and 7 am to 8 pm.
Shillong: The men and women of Club Ferdy School of Martial Arts (The Revolution MMA) won medals at the 8th North East Jeet Kunedo Championship 2021 held in Guwahati Assam on 26th November. The winners were Daowan Suchiang, Fedrick Khongsit, Eibiangmi Langstang, Question ch Momin – Gold Medal. , Rifiness Warjri – Gold Medal, Dabatskhem Lyngdoh – Gold Medal and UMewanaibok kharbuli – Silver Medal.
According to the President of the Seng Khasi, the collection of customs and traditions of the jaitbynriew will take time because it is a lot of work.
Up to 31 people have received these seeds which were distributed at the meeting held at Mawkynroh Umshing.
The tournament, organized by the Sports Department of the State Government, was divided into three categories.
On this basis, the JIO has met with the management of the JIO office in Jowai. In a meeting with the President of the JIO, he said that what will be the benefit of the JIO office if it cannot be used? He also complained that the vouchers have been increased in price but they have not been able to provide adequate services to the people.
The word khunswet refers to the children of both parents who have died, but the children of a mother who does not know the father in the family or in the community are considered to be children. bastard.
Shillong, November 3: Sukmon Lyngdoh has lodged a complaint with the police that M/s Ramel Industries Ltd.
The Government has spent a lot of money to increase the salaries of its employees, but if it doesn't help the farmers, it will be a blessing to the society.
The scheme also sets out conditions for timely admission.
She said that not only in Rupang she donates to the poor but also to other groups that help the poor. Find out how Rupang spent the money.
However, when it came to the MDC election in 2019, Bah Ronnie won more than 1,000 votes against the candidate nominated by the MLA of Mylliem.
Pascal Phawa scored the first goal in the 76th minute.
One Polling Officer has been appointed to inspect the machine.
Dr Mukul said the Congress party in its MP election manifesto has put forward the opposition to the CAB and he is now leading the committee to oppose any law. long against the small paid of the North East.
“It may be recalled that the first meeting of the Committee on Roster System has already decided and sent a proposal to the government to allow the committee to provide a detailed explanation on the issues of the Voice of the People Party. (VPP) to ensure that the purpose of the committee is fully implemented.
Karnataka Chief Minister BS Yediyurappa today announced a 14-day curfew in the state from 9 pm tomorrow.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Jaintia Hill District District Council (HYC) Jaintia Hills District (JYC) is deeply saddened to see that there has been a misunderstanding between the six villages and the Jowai Municipal Board.
Shillong: The House today expressed its concern over the confiscation of land of the villagers in factories and various shlems through the implementation of the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act 1972, About 76 percent of the villagers in the state do not own land.
The girl is from Paloicherra village.
“Now he's still studying, or how can you read?” asked the mother.
He also urged the State Government to issue a public notice on the definition of 'Tribal'
The Dorbar Shnong Umkiang also congratulated the MLA for his help in providing roads and other facilities to the people.
The NGO Emergency Department, which runs a hospital in the city, confirmed that on that day, the hospital received 14 patients, including 2 patients who had been treated. died before reaching the hospital.
Here are some of the most important benefits you will get from getting up early:—.
After that, 12 cases including the Commissioner and Secretary of the Governor have been confirmed, and 45 others have been confirmed positive.
He also sent a letter to the President of the Congress, Vincent H Pala today to inform him that he will no longer be in the party and will leave the Congress.
They came to adviasi people to give food.
Bah S.Lyngdoh from Langja area, while expressing his concern on this issue, said, “A few years ago, there were such foreign traders who robbed many households of Different villages under Mawshynrut Block.
At the same time, he urged the central government to increase the salary of the day laborers as at present from the income of T.2000 per month, only T.900/- has been paid. from the Central Government and the remaining T.1100 was paid by the State Government.
The match between the two strongest cricket teams in the state witnessed the skill of the bowlers who took 23 wickets.
Dr Jemino Mawthoh, one of those who talked to the higher authorities about the possibility of taking over the post, denied, according to a statement.
“Regarding the Model Code of Conduct, it has to be reviewed.
The spirit is a powerful force that God has placed in man.
On 10.04.2000, I was arrested.
Boys HS School, Jowai and the second prize went to St. Mary Mazzarello HS School, Jowai.
“After thinking about it for about a day or twelve days, I’m going to give an answer that I can’t.
The driver and follower of the truck were identified as Akramin Hussain, 19, and Mustafa Ali, both from Nongbah, Nagaon district.
Egenstar said that while the country is dying from the death of Prime Minister (L) Atal Behari Vajpayee, Sidhu has brought shame to the country.
Pynshngain alleged that the Prime Minister has been silent on the empowerment of Dorbar Shnongs in Khasi and Jaintia Hills, while the Nokmas in Garo Hills have been urged to strengthen them by passing laws. to train them and manage the natural resources belonging to the people of Garo Hills especially the A'king or Nokma.
However, after being left behind 2-1 in the second set, the player has improved her performance in 11 of her 12 games in order to improve her 2023 record. it went 27-4.
The slogan of the BJP is Sabh ka Sath Sabka Vikas which means development for all without discrimination.
Shillong, June 18: “The Congress-led government in the state is strong and the Congress is the most united house in the state,” said DD Lapang, President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC). Congress leaders have accused the BJP government of trying to create trouble in the Congress Bhawan today to express their opposition to the BJP-led NDA government. , in the states ruled by the Congress party with the aim of overthrowing all the governments where the Congress party is in power.
JOWAI: The Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE), Jowai in collaboration with the North East Slow Food and Agro Biodiversity Society (NESAF) has conducted a training on fertilizer making at Mukhap village, West Jaintia Hills District.
The final of the Under-17 Independence Day Cup organized by the WJDSA and the West Jaintia Hills District Administration will be between two teams from Ialong, Lutituber and Sailung.
He said that the price should be mentioned when the price is taken from the mater in order to satisfy the people.
Because the tax is also low, Jayapalan will receive T.7 crore, after taking into account all the taxes.
Jowai, March 21: The Jaintia Traders Association (JTA), one of the associations of market dwellers and traders, today conducted a cleanliness drive inside the old market and also the garbage dumped. pathar in this place.
Tura, July 14: The support of Dr Mukul Sangma as the candidate for the Tikrikilla constituency was witnessed at a public meeting held on Saturday at Tikrikilla where more than 5000 people attended the meeting. Come to this meeting to listen to the speech and explanations that Dr Mukul Sangma and other TMC leaders have to explain to the people.
KHLIEHRIAT: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Hingaria Unit together with the participation of land owners on Saturday blocked the construction of a signboard in Hingaria village due to lack of land rent.
Private companies including Airtel have also started setting up new mobile towers to strengthen connectivity in the rural areas of Meghalaya.
He said that in fact the group has a plan to hold this program once a year but it will see if there is any place where they need to stand even during their term of office.
Shillong: Shillong Police have seized T.2.6 crore worth of money from a person in Laban and smuggled from Guwahati.
Since the beginning of the strike in January, it has been said that SAG/AFTRA members have not received their salaries and the silence of the heads of the film companies will only intensify the strike. There is also a discussion that this protest will continue without interruption.
Others present included Ma Hunlang Blah, staff of the MBMA, Waheh Shnongs, residents of Jalyiah and others.
The Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council has also convened a special meeting with political parties, civil society and other NGOs to discuss the The issues of the Karbi community regarding border issues and the issues of the people on the border within the boundary of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council in Assam.
He was killed at Nakachari village in Jorhat district.
At the same time, he said that the construction of the infrastructure of the new Shillong city from roads and other infrastructure will not be less than T.2000 crore.
The human body is amazing.
He urged the farmers to register on this portal so that they can benefit later.
The KHADC has started implementing the ban on the use of plastic since 2nd November last year and it has been 10 months now.
At the time of writing, no exact information has been received whether the fire was caused by a mistake or by someone who had attempted to destroy the house.
Regarding the indefinite strike by the President of the VPP to force the government to amend the Reservation Policy, the Vice President of the VPP said that they have not yet received any word from the government. He said that the protest against the Government by indefinite strike will continue.
Shillong: A group of employees of the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) Joint Action Committee together with MePDCL, MePGCL and MePTCL have held a meeting to discuss the issue. They have written to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to demand the appointment of Chairman cum Managing Director and Director of the Electricity Department.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Ardent said that the people should no longer be misled that politics is a dirty job or that in politics the devil and the angel walk together.
He said that the 1 km road which urgently needs to be paved is located in the Lumjyrmi to Mawtari area. It will be convenient for those who attend Synod services and those who come from Umden, Nongpoh and other villages in Quinine Village below.
Robertjune Kharjahrin, UDP MP candidate from Shillong Parliamentary District, on Tuesday, at a public meeting held at Umdohlun Market, South West Khasi Hills District, has strongly criticized the rithor parties. They are the ones who come to mislead the people only during the elections.
The spirit of self-sacrifice is growing stronger and stronger.
Shillong, June 10: The Moderator of the Presbyterian Church of India, Rev Ladawng Liana, while speaking as the chief guest at the valedictory service for the students of the Bachelor of Divinity (B.D) degree program of the John Roberts Theological Seminary, Shillong, said: minary, Mawklot Shillong, he asked a serious question, “Where am I and who am I? He said that this is not only for them, but also for the church leaders and Christians.
As a sign of sympathy and assistance to this family, the KSU has donated stone block and dewbilat so that this family can build a house to live in.
It cannot be said that the Khasi society has changed without thought; therefore, to accompany that Change requires the Advocacy to improve the Customs; not to revive the old and the old.
The final of the Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy will be played on the following day on the 8th between Ladthadlaboh and 7 Wasa United at 1:00 pm.
However, he encouraged the athletes from different villages in South West Khasi Hills District not to lose their talents but to continue to work hard with the goal. in life so that they will not end up here but will rise to other levels of the game.
He was speaking after the NEHUTA and the Meghalaya College Teachers' Association (MCTA) demanded that they reverse their decision to implement the NEP. “With the existence of the State Education Commission, we can resolve the issues and feelings expressed by the schools and the public before proceeding.
All government jobs always require different levels of education and skills in different lines.
Looking at the state as a whole, Meghalaya will not have a single party to form a government but it will depend on the agreement of the various political parties in what form they will form a coalition government after the announcement of the results on the 2nd. October 10th.
Up to 93820 people have been infected in the past few years but 92226 people have recovered.
However, now, the times have changed and the fastest change is the introduction of mobile, TV, through the Internet.
“That night he (husband) told me that he didn't know either. When he came home from work, the front door was open and another door to enter the cemetery was also open.
Similarly, the WKSU Sengkmie, has visited the DM&HO Nongstoiñ through the Head Assistant, and found that the health department of the districts has progressed, but is now waiting for the results. The union demands that the government through the DHS Shillong should approve the proposal submitted by the District Health and Family Welfare Districts to have their own sub-Centres. such as Langpih, Dickinson and Marsh.
The woman had ordered the two drug traffickers to smuggle the drugs from Silchar, Assam to Shillong but they were arrested by the police in Umtyra, East Jaintia Hills District.
SC Syiemlieh and the closing prayer by Rev. HW Nongsiej.
In another incident, nine people from a family, including two children, were killed in parts of Rudraprayag in Uttarakhand.
She said the police are clean by claiming that they have facts about her arrest.
Zacchaeus lived alone because everyone hated him.
There are 6 groups in Mawngap zone and Smit zone.
After the meeting, the reporter also had the opportunity to talk to Bah Nongsiej and when asked whether he has any intention to join any party, Bah Nongsiej said that he has no intention of joining any party. He did not say whether he would join the party but he said he would vote for the Riewlum parties.
Rymbai-Khliehriat MDC Finelynes Bareh who is also the President of the UDP East Jaintia Hills District was also present at the ceremony.
Regarding the distribution of medicines, Bah Dimon Suting said that the reason why the union took this step was after they saw that the village has been destroyed. Many of the people from other villages come to the village to buy and sell their agricultural products.
Bah Kharbani said that it is not useful for the drivers of these areas to transport foreigners only for one day while tomorrow when they are old they will become the owners of their jobs.
They stressed the need to pass a full law as soon as possible to protect the rights of the children of thousands of Khasi in the state.
Furthermore, when comparing the vote of Bah John who came second in 2009 with Pastor PBM who came second this time, the difference is 44559 votes, as Bah John received 124402 votes. while the pastor had 168,961 votes.
He said that according to the RTI, a candidate who scored only 47 per cent in the HSSLC (class XII) marksheet, while others who scored 55-60 per cent were rejected.
I am only an MLA of the state but I want your children to one day become MPs and Ministers of Home Affairs or Prime Minister from Sohiong constituency”.
Therefore, we want the public not to be misled by false news,” said Bah Ardent.
In a petition sent by the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) New Delhi Unit, the KSU strongly condemned the robbers who raped the woman and demanded the appointment of A Special Fast Track Investigation has been launched to bring justice to the young woman and to punish the robbers according to the law.
Shillong: The Mawsynram Constituency Welfare Organization (MWOO) Shillong, Shillong, on Tuesday held another award ceremony for the best students in the 2019 examination. residents of Shillong or outside Shillong and those studying within the constituency.
The office also informs that any complaints should be directed to the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Mawkyrwat, through the Booth Level Officers appointed at various places and within the office. Ranikor Civil Sub-Division, Ranikor during working hours and days or by post to the following addresses: 35-Ranikor (ST), Assembly Constituency , Ranikor and Electoral Registration Officer, 36-Mawkyrwat (ST), Assembly Constituency, Mawkyrwat.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today donated a donation to Johnny Nongrum for the Muay Thai World Championship to be held on 7th November 2022 in Indonesia.
He demanded that the government through the law should arrest those officers involved in the construction of the dam because the collapse of the dam in just a few years shows their torti work. He also requested the State Government to take action to improve the dam so that the residents who earn their living from agriculture can benefit from this dam.
At this time, Satan is very angry because he knows that he has only a short period of time left, that is, 1290 days (1260 + 30 days) = 1290 days.
Bloodthirsty people should be taught with love or they may not associate with friends and they may change the hearts of the good people. cause destruction and lose the glory of knowledge.
However, the BJP has now been able to get MPs to support the CAB even in the Rajya Sabha.
Replying to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, Bah Donbok said, “If you agree that we are in sorrow because of the dam closure in 2020-2 The Symbud Myntri Rangbah will come and tell you to eat only food and jhur and if you confirm what he says, we will eat only food and vegetables. Nongop also every three years we will honor him again but we as the party will not be responsible anymore if we don't come forward to fight against the problems that the nation is facing because you are stupid and you have fallen even in the middle. clear power of understanding," he said.
Kiren Rijiju said the Chakmas and Hajongs should stay outside Arunachal Pradesh before they become full citizens of India through the Citizenship Amendment Act.
He said that KHNAM has already submitted a letter to the EC since 2015 that the EC should take action on this issue by amending the ADC rule. MDC of the party Bah Adelbert Nongrum in the House.
Isn't it a mistake to light a lantern or kerosene lamp in urban areas like the Secretariat or Police Bazar? What other small lynten or sharak will help if they are installed in the home or village of their parents? Farmers also forget that this is an unemployment problem. Their children are not in their homes because their work is too busy and waiting for them.
After the hearing, the Women Commission has given 45 days to the couple to reconcile and ordered Dhar to pay T.3,000 per month to his wife. the price of his care, for her, even when they have lived separately.
Besides, there were the nobles, the priests, the scholars, the merchants and other profiteers who joined hands with the Caesars-Governors of Palestine to oppress the people.
He said that the states should decide independently whether to implement their own Civil Codes.
Identification of a person who is responsible for teaching or assisting others on how to prevent or seek help if addicted to drugs.
At the ceremony, the students who passed and also the teachers were honored for their hard work in harvesting clean fruits in the presence of the MLA of the area Bah PT Sawkmie. u important.
This reporter also spoke to one of the family members of the house, who is the brother of Trisdalin Shangpliang who died in the incident. At the time of the incident at 2 pm, suddenly there was a power outage and he said that he saw fires burning like a white light and a lightning bolt. “It was white, it sounded like a gunshot in a great battle,” said the old man.
My appearance in this tournament is through the request of many, the blessing of God, and also the right hand of my friends and the support of my family especially my mother.
The Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MPYC) will hold the same program across the state and said it will inform the public about the issue of old currency and will stand on the basis of its four demands from the central government. which she claimed on November 28, 2016.
Obama, the chief of staff of the US military, says there will be no large-scale ground offensive, but has asked for more power to fight Islamic militants. State, for three consecutive years.
Araijeet Singh Hundal scored four goals in the 19th and 19th minutes of the first half. , 30′, 59.
As leaders we should have a spirit of humility and forgiveness to each other. At this time we should not look at any Seng or Lama but we should stand as one Lama to protect the country and the people to win and reach the goal. to get the rights of our people ......if one by one there are no more those who insult and speak against our country and our people.
The Council will approve the budget for the year 2024-25 on the revenue and expenditure of the JHADC tomorrow. Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the release of Dearness Allowance (DA) to Central Government employees and Dearness Relief (DR) to those receiving old age pension from 1.1.2024 which is an increase. of 4% from the current 46% of the Basic Wage / Old Age, in order to keep pace with inflation.
This can lead to the extinction of many species of plants, animals, birds and reduce the cultivation of food crops such as rice, vegetables and fruits and other crops.
Ri-Bhoi scored 47 runs for the loss of six wickets in the second innings, but Narleng scored 26 runs while Sawkuta scored a half century for 52 runs out of bowl.
However, the position of others is not known whether they have a goal to serve only in South West Khasi Hills District or even in the state as a whole. to serve firstly the State, secondly the North East, and thirdly to provide services to the small communities in India as a whole.
At the same time, he urged the state government to take special care of those villages which are suffering from traffic jam due to the poor condition of the road.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The deadline for the distribution of foodgrains to the people of the state through the National Food Security Act (NFSA), 2013, will take time as the state government is still sending the necessary foodgrains to the people of the state. government of India.
“I have gone around Bhoi, hundreds of office bearers are working but you don't know, because you don't see on social media, and you have only seen other parties, which have only 10 members, "It's not strong," he said.
LP, Lawse Girls' UPS, Fellowship UPS Lawse, Fellowship Secondary, Lawse Urpylleng LP, Lum Carmel LP, Lum Carmel UPS, Domsaw RC LP and Spring Valley Academy School Pynden Narai.
The organization has found itself working hard to prevent the entry of foreign vehicles.
Many of them are selling in the streets and along the roads and it is not known whether they are alive or not.
Among the gods, Indra is the highest, believed and worshiped by the peoples of the eastern part of India, as the most powerful and regarded as the god of heaven. the lightning, the thunder, the rain, the thunder, the storm, and the battle.
India, who tied first, managed to score 410 runs in 50 overs for the loss of four wickets.
On Tuesday, the ISIS leader called on Muslims to unite in their new country and create many countries under Muslim control, saying, “The the world is Allah's.
Through this meeting (forget the decisions), which were taken, we do not know whether the government or the judiciary, still want to fight against or forcefully enforce the laws, according to their will; However, this lymbung has shown that if those who fight against it are those who have the right to win, they should not be willing to violate the customs or traditions. thousands of years between the paid Khasi.
At the same time, she welcomes the residents to come into the office to witness these machines for themselves so that they can gain full confidence.
If they have any physical symptoms while staying at home, such as fever, cough, shortness of breath, they are advised not to contact others, but to inform the District. Control Room No.03638232028/1077 and Helpline No.8787520449.
Speaking to media, MePWU President Mantiphrang Lyngdoh Kiri said that the strike was due to the failure of their demand that the government should recruit casual workers as full time workers. even after 20 or 30 years of service.
According to information received by the HYC through RTI from the Information and Technology Department, the HYC has found that the money was misused.
Police have arrested the village leaders of Bhoirymbong and Umroi Umdohbyrthih, who informed the Khapmara PIC, alleging that the CoRP leader along with members of the party, had been arrested. They went to these petrol pumps.
Shillong, November 11 : Meghalaya, Manipur, Mizoram and Nagaland will face each other in the semi-finals of the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 to be held on Sunday at the Third Ground, Polo, Shillong. .
Shillong: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) MLA Alexander L Hek on Tuesday said, “We don't do politics now, but we do politics only when don't have an election".
“If Mukul M Sangma is not removed for cheating to get ST certificate, it shows that he will be one of the Guinness Book of World Recorders. of World Record with the degree of MBBS doctor, has won three times as an MLA with the ST syrnod and the surprising thing is that the MLAs in power are silent on this”.
The Deputy Commissioner has amended the order issued on 11th July and closed all shops on 16th and 18th July except grocery stores and pharmacies. to open only 50 percent.
Jeristo Marak scored 19 runs while Ananda Berman scored 3/1
S.Shylla, one of the Village Authorities of the area, said that the people had expected the incumbent MLA of Rambrai Jyrngam, Bah Kimfa S.Marbaniang to do something for the road but they did not. Even the money from the MLA scheme which is entitled to be given to the people has not been received or whether it has been given only to the party leaders.
In the afternoon, Father Paul Palliccamkudyil, VC and Brother George Kanichai of Divine Retreat Center Chalakudy Kerala-India delivered a speech and prayer for the healing of the sick.
The state team will leave for Goa today, March 21,
The increasing power outages in the western parts of Ri Bhoi District have angered the residents and disrupted the work of the residents especially the education of the school children.
And being found in fashion as a man, he humbled himself, and became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross..." (Philippians 2:6-11).
When I went to register the 24 jur who registered in 1999 at the Jaiaw Lyngngam church, I told them all without hiding.
When the house or fields have been shut down, they throw it away until the time comes for five years when they need the brut to shut it down again.
Rupang today spoke to the General Secretary of the HSPDP, Bah Witting Mawsor here in Shillong to discuss the issue. In his speech, Bah Witting said, “Of course, we agree and welcome the Ar Maloi Act. We have also expressed this in the Legislative Assembly but we have also said that this Act should be implemented in 2019 as it will affect the leaders who hold two MLAs and MDCs at the same time. “It will affect everyone because they have spent money, physical strength and time,” said Bah Witting Mawsor.
With this victory, Lutituber will play against 7 Wasa Utd for the title on 4th November
He urged the youth that when they do any job whether it is government job, company job or private job, they should not work only for their own benefit.
The Tuber Kmaishnong Dorbar Shnong led by the Waheh Shnong Miky Lyngdoh, General Secretary and members of the village have donated Rs 30,000 to the family.
The Sports and Games Committee, Loompyrdi Iongpiah invites all those who are interested in playing Badminton to participate in this tournament.
Shillong, June 25: Ka KSU Laittyra and Sohbar Unit in the presence of leaders from South Khasi Hills today met with the Chief Engineer of PWD (Roads) Department to inquire about the government's plans. The road from Sohra to Mawblang to Sohbar-Wahlang to Shella has been badly damaged.
This visit was held on November 7, 2023 under the leadership of Bah Donbor Marshra, President KSU Warsanlyngdoh Circle in the presence of Bah Onder Marthong, Elder. Donbor Marshra, President KSU Warsanlyngdoh Circle in his speech on the occasion said that in fact this road has been constructed since 2017-1 The PMGSY scheme but they don't know why the construction of this road has been delayed.
m and then continue from Nongthymmai-Mawdong to Umiong which is about 11 km.
“This shows the inability of the police and the district authorities to ensure that the conclusion of the meeting organized by the HYC will end in peace.
U Bah Thomas also thanked the Sengbhalang groups who have been involved since the day they left home to fill in their shortcomings in terms of travel. He said that without these supporters they would not have been able to reach this goal.
The fog came along with rain that only lasted about half an hour.
This affects the dignity of the community and we should not point fingers at the foreigner but the question arises who gave them the land - is it too much money - many know and the owner knows better - don't say that the owner has the right and can do whatever he wants to establish and don't just talk from outside.
The Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra (VBSY) in East Jaintia Hills District was announced on 23rd November 2023 at a program held at Ïapmala and Wahsarang villages and will continue to reach 40 villages under Wapung C&RD Block, 30 villages under Lumshnong Block and 34 villages under Saipung Block and this will end on 26th July
However, the State Government has ordered to conduct an audit on the use of the GHADC's funds from 2015 to
At the same time, he urged the District Administration, residents and officers in charge of the border areas to refrain from any activities that could lead to conflict between the two sides, he said. Prime Minister.
Mawrynkneng constituency became vacant after the death of MLA David Nongrum and Rajabala constituency became vacant after the death of Azad Rehman.
Shillong, Nailar 23: After the defeat in the lawsuit against the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) regarding the government's retention of the name of Bah Donkupar Sumer as EM of KHADC, the state government today faced another challenge. a great shame because she has been defeated again in the case of the Ar maloi law.
The Minister added that the Government has forgiven the fine for the delay in payment of electricity bill by the people.
This is not the first time that SSA teachers have taken to the streets to demand the release of their salaries which have been pending for months.
If we compare these customs and traditions of the Khasi (Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War) and the Garo, we will see that this is very different even though both the Khasi and the Garo are of the same race. sha you mother.
Hek said that MHIS Phase IV will now cost T.5 lakh per household and this has increased from T.2.8 lakh previously. card to those enrolled, instead of one card per household.
He also urged the members of the HYC Nongpoh Circle to cooperate with the village authorities, especially at this time, when many of the youth have fallen involved in drug trafficking. In order to eradicate drugs, it is necessary to take action by all and that the youth should be saved from harm.
The Christian religion itself has created too many branches, to hate fellow Christians as the preacher said (W.Nongkynrih ha Mawthylliang 2015) “In our village we don't allow other groups to build churches, we only allow the Presbyterians”.
The protest was called by the Samyukta Kisan Morcha led by Balbir Singh Rajewal on the 26th.
About 300 supporters of Bah David, including elders, women and youth, who attended a meeting at Bah David's house in Laitumkhrah, decided to nominate Bah Lik.
Besides, many children are in their own villages and how many poor children can do this.
Through this award, the NPP members of the Mawhati Block Committee, said that they are happy that their MLA from this constituency, has been appointed as the Minister of State and in charge of Fishery, PWD Building. with others.
Observers in society :- In society you will find especially in places where Dkhars have been cleansed, Khasi girls of ours wear khadu, sam khmut and speak more in Dkhar and do sarong that they have cleansed the house.
I cried out in my heart, Phet die from this plague! My beloved Khasi Hills, My beloved Khasi Hills.
If all the garbage had been collected and disposed of in one place and thrown away, our city would have been freed from garbage and garbage.
Speaking as the chief guest, Ma Ngaitlang Dhar, said that he expressed his gratitude to the village leaders and the residents of the village as well, for doing so much. This is a great work, without any financial assistance from the government and at the same time it is one of the best examples for other villages to follow.
The Supreme Court has asked the Government of India to respond to the issues raised by the three judges and to explain more about its management of the court. to promote the injection of corona vaccine to the people of the country.
South African Health Minister Joe Phaahla today confirmed the diagnosis of the new disease and said the disease is spreading rapidly among young people.
With the completion of this science block, the children who want to continue their studies in the science stream have got a classroom to study in the village and they no longer need to study outside the village, said Ma Lahkmen.
The former Chief Executive Member of GHADC who has passed away is Alphonse Sangma of the Congress from Siju constituency and former Chairman Purno K Sangma of the Congress from Jengjal constituency.
During the summer, it is impossible to enter this cave because of the high water level.
Every morning, the shop opens at 6 pm and when it did not open until 7.30 pm, the neighbors went to search inside the house, but found the bodies. the dead who were lying in the rooms of the house.
He said that the vote share of the candidates is not too low, because they have received more votes and the UDP candidates have come second and third. The UDP has encouraged those candidates who have won second or third place in this election to continue to strengthen the party.
The tournament will be played again on 20th June between Royal Challenger vs Knight Rider and King XI vs Super King.
On the other hand, Nongpoh MLA, Bah Maralborn Syiem also asked the same question on the holding of the DISHA meeting in Ri Bhoi and the answer was the same.
The fire is in the middle and around the fire they carry the “Chynir” which is used to cut rice or clean the trees during the rainy season; in the room called “Tynrin” to put all the necessities.
Shillong: There have been nine new cases of covid-19 in East Khasi Hills today.
The reason is that those who teach in schools are not appointed by the people in power.
Shillong will hold an exhibition on the theme “8 Years of Service, Sushasan and Garib Kalyan” and Amrit Mahotsav at Ramakrishna Mission Hr.Sec.School, Sohra on the 27th of this month. and 28 April.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam, said that the cases are from nine districts.
Writing poetry is one of the ways to improve one's knowledge, skills and talents.
Rahman said Muslims have to spend a lot of money to prove their citizenship.
This Act has created more problems for the owners of houses farther away from the city, as they have to register the names of the tenants with an affidavit.
Pynshngain alleged that the Minister of District Council Affairs, Prestone Tynsong, did not do a good job before bringing the answer in the House and gave the wrong estimate.
Of these, 323 cases are from Aizawl district, 71 cases from Kolasib, 57 cases from Cham Phai, 38 cases from Lunglei and 35 cases from Lawngtlai.
Obil Kyndait has passed away recently.
He said the Election Department has launched an app called Citizen Vigil (CVIL) where citizens can use it by uploading videos or photos when they find or find any violation of the Election Commission. legal elections.
He encouraged the players that football has now become a source of employment by showing the example of the stars of the state like Eugenson, Redeem, Aiban, Chesterpaul and other players who lead the big clubs in the ISL. He urged the youth of the area to avoid alcoholic beverages such as drugs and others.
Bethany Hospital congratulated Dr.D.Ranee and the entire team for their dedication in achieving this victory.
Therefore, the farmers of Niangryndia, have urged the relevant authorities to take action or to visit these places where these 'Niangsaiddho' are located, in order to find out all the facts and especially It is necessary to find ways to protect these 'Niangsaiddho', so that the cultivation of Niangryndia can continue in the area.
Finally, the EC of Bakur Village would like to point out that there is no intention behind the scenes to overthrow the Rangbah Shnong and the EC of the Dorbar Shnong Bakur because the EC Shnong under the leadership of the Waheh Shnong has done many things. including to stop the illegal sale of liquor, alcoholism in the village, the trade with Bangladesh during this time of Corona Virus, and others and all these have affected a few people but it brings back good to the whole village.
Speaking on the occasion, the Rangbah Shnong of Saiden, Bah EK Lapang, expressed his happiness that the pre-Christmas celebration has been held in the village. This celebration is for the citizens to welcome with joy the Christmas and also for the New Year.
On the other hand, the DC of East Khasi Hills District urged the people to take advantage of this opportunity to get a new tyndong lyer shet as a collaboration to protect the environment from destruction.
The meeting was inaugurated by the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem in the presence of the Ministers of Hima Mylliem including the Minister of Industry, Minister of Industry, K.Langstieh, Minister of Finance, Minister of Finance, MB Kharlukhi. pastors, elders and church leaders from Mawlai and Shillong Ri-Lum Presbyterian.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 11: The Meghalaya Youth Federation (MYF) through its President Bah Hamar Lyngkhoi, has demanded that the MeECL department should immediately replace the posts that have been destroyed from the bottom. it will bring harm to the people of the city.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The Hero 3+ camera of a mother, who drowned in the Umngi River, Phlangwanbroi, has been recovered by Bremingstar. Snaitang is from Weipung of the Umngi River, about 25 kilometers from the place where the drowning occurred.
According to him, these schools are located all over the country including Mawkyrwat, Mawsynram and Balat.
A Kremlin spokesman told reporters that the award ceremony was also a collaboration between US and Hollywood actors.
It is worth mentioning that the “Chad Sukra” is one of the festivals performed by the ancestors, before sowing the seeds of phniang in their fields and to remind everyone to preserve and preserve the you are the light of nature.
Mawryngkneng : The Dorbar Shnong Mawryngkneng on Tuesday decided not to allow the use of plastic in the entire Mawryngkneng Village including the Mawryngkneng Pomtiah Market from that day onwards.
Speaking to media, u Bah Thabah said that four youths including one of the members of the FKJGP members were robbed and attacked by about 12-14 foreigners in Demseiniong.
Mawsynram, Nailur, 28: The Mawsynram C&RD Block (KSMC&RDB) on Tuesday, November 27, 2022, on Tuesday said that the KSMC&RDB has refused to enter the grounds of one of the colleges in Mawsynram. to wait by the roadside just to speak and submit the petition to Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
These great deeds of Bah Ïan Lyngdoh Nongkynrih were highly appreciated and he was judged worthy of that title.
At the meeting, the KSU said that the DC has expressed his concern over the registration of foreigners. the Rangbah Shnong shall not be able to do anything.
The State Talent Identification Phase-II started on 30th November 2022 at H Elias Memorial School, Mawpat C&RD Block. 2022 at Auxilium School Mawpat Block, 5th and 6th November at Pynursla C&RD Block, 14th November at Nokrek Heights School and 15th November at Little Flower Schools, Dadengre C&RD Block.
At the end of the special camp on the 8th, a trekking was held.
The Uruguayan Football Association (AUF) has appointed Marcelo Bielsa as the new manager of the team. the World Cup to be held this year in partnership with the three countries to host it; or Canada, the USA and Mexico.
These Muslims and Christians have received double benefits, one as a minority and the other as STs. The NDA government in Delhi under the leadership of the BJP party has taken good care of Muslims. and Christians.
The Dongmusa passed through Lad College to Mooralong with Deilang and Nongpluh playing badminton, from Mooralong to Iawthymme with Honda-O-Hi Papang taekwondo players. Ferdinand Suchiang won Wushu from Ladthalaboh, Wankishwa Mawlong won Judo from Newhill, Happiness Phawa won from Marian Hill and Marso Kyndait won from Marian Hill. .
He also encouraged the farmers to take this step to plant this tit because of the lack of land and it requires only 15 days to work at a time and that is only the basic requirements.
Wealthy clothing retailer Yusaku Maezawa took the opportunity to spend the money to see for himself whether giving money to people helped them to feel better.
“The SP said that the fraud was through Whatsapp where people informed their friends to join these money laundering schemes so that they could get money within a few days.
The increase in prices has been announced from
The residents of Madan Umwang have witnessed many incidents because the Meghalaya Government is not willing to stop the violence of the Assam Government against the will of the residents.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has announced three more candidates for the upcoming MLA elections in the state.
Sakaniroi Tariang came in sixth place while Erickson Lyngdoh came in 19th place.
Besides these, in this neo-liberal era there is a culture of insulting, oppressing and raping the rich, the poor and the needy.
On the other hand, Bah RB Shadap, President of the Ri Bhoi Dorbar, said that the main issue on which the delegation met with the officer was the border issues and also the The District Selection Committee has discussed the issue during his tenure as BDO in Umsning and Member Secretary of the DSC in Ri Bhoi.
“Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace, that we may obtain mercy, and find grace to help in time of need” (Hebrews 4:16). When we learn to seek Him and ask for the right things according to the will of God, He is ready to help us and to hear and to grant us those desires or aspirations of ours. .
Dympep will also take part in a special session on the human rights of minorities and present a report on the state of human rights in Asia.
“We would also like to inform you that in Meghalaya nearly 4 lakh children have been vaccinated and in India as a whole more than 11 crore.
Lanosha was filled with anger in her heart.
It is learned that the man drowned while he was swimming in the thwei on the upper part of the newly constructed bridge.
The election of the new office bearers of the Sengkhihlang was conducted by the Interim Chairman of the Sengbah who is the President of the Sengbah and the Langdoh Niam of the Seiñ Raij Mukhla as the writer. Rgh, H.Robin Kurbah has been re-elected as the President of the Sengkhihlang for a term of 3 years. The General Secretary of the Sengkhihlang has been unanimously elected by the people. Mario Biam has been elected as the General Secretary of the Sengkhihlang. Moses Lyngdoh has been elected as the Vice President of the Sengkhihlang. Santina Lyngdoh Mawlong was elected as the Treasurer, Rgh Standbyme Sari was elected as the Publicity Secretary and Rgh, Hamar was elected as the Publicity Secretary. Kharmar as Secretary Arts and Culture and Rgh Tiplem Sumer as Chairman Arts and Culture of the Sengkhihlang.
In a statement, President Tarson Lymba and Secretary Lasius Lamin said that vehicles coming from Bangladesh should leave 3-4 four times after 10 minutes and those carrying goods should stop only for 10 minutes. side.
“Besides these land, which the government can implement, another rule has been laid down that any land with an area of ​​50,000 sqft or more must be approved for the construction of buildings. “It will go into the hands of MUDA even if it is a land under the District Council,” said Paul.
During the closure of cement plants, companies have to recruit workers from all over the country, such as West Bengal, UP, Haryana and others.
The meeting was conducted by Dr.A.Khonglah, Medical Officer, Padu State Dispensary.
A team of inquiry recently probed Lalu Prasad and his wife Rabri Devi, former Chief Ministers of Bihar, in connection with the incident.
Shira said that in the election documents in 2008 and 2013, Marcuise had shown that he had a case against him.
“We have met with the police together with the Chairperson of the Women Commission and the Chairperson of the Child Rights and Protection Commission to discuss this incident and we have directed the two Commissions to provide “The report of their investigation into these allegations,” said Kong Lyngdoh.
In recent years, the way people access information has shifted to digital channels.
At the same time, he said that the thieves can still steal the wealth.
Shortly after, Tiyana also won a bronze medal in the individual Women's 50M Pistol event.
This was announced by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, Spokesperson of the State Government on Tuesday.
myneta.
Nongpoh, March 17: U Bah Bislin Namsaw (30) of Kongripara village, Ri Bhoi District, has been seriously injured after he was hit by a Hati Sawkuna at that he was coming to gather grain from a field near the village.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has wished Reddy to recover from the injury.
The HITO on Tuesday sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District demanding the immediate closure of the illegal cow market in Mookyndur village. which poses a risk of infection to other livestock of the villagers within the area.
They urged others who have experienced such violence to come forward and report and do what is necessary according to the law, and should not be afraid to report.
Iran has witnessed its most violent civil unrest following the November 16 death of Amini, a young Iranian citizen herself, who was detained by police for violating the The rules laid down by the authorities regarding the dress code of women in the country, in which they have to cover their heads with hijab once they leave their homes.
The Supreme Court has also directed the Courts to put before them, “(i) first the Criminal Cases against MPs & MLAs which are punishable by death or imprisonment for life, then to (ii) cases punishable by imprisonment for 5 years or more, and to sit for trial (iii) other cases.
A souvenir was launched and the day was enriched by songs and dances.
The defeat has left Lajong in second place from the bottom of the table, 10th out of 11 teams in the I-League.
It was also stated that those who donate money should not inform the police about the collector or anyone else and if they do so they will be punished.
Regarding the shortage of doctors at the hospital, u Bah S.Rynñiaw said that from time to time, the Sengbhalang working in Mawshynrut have met with the government officials to demand that the doctors be provided. Doctors at the hospital, but the government has not yet listened.
Stefan Ortega came on as a substitute in the 69th minute and played well to block Son Heung-min's attempts and give City the lead. you have won.
NPP chief Conrad Sangma has telephoned Union Home Minister Amit Shah to seek the support of the BJP in forming a new government in the state.
The state has also increased the allocation from Rs 27 crore in 2019 to Rs 1407 crore in 2022, an increase of 51 percent for the supply of water in the state.
Despite these irregularities and conflicts in the distribution of jobs in various jobs in the past, we have maintained mutual respect for other ethnic groups in the state and have placed confidence in the decision. of the state court," the unions said.
On these characteristics we see many signs through the events in the natural world.
According to Dr Jemino, the government can take one way to appoint qualified candidates even if it is in court because they may be over the age tomorrow and can no longer apply for jobs.
On behalf of the HYC Sohra Circle, we stand firm on the principle that we will not allow the Assam Rifles to invade Sohra and we will not destroy the land of the Jaitbynriew because we have seen it. The land of the Jaidbynriew has been destroyed in many places.
After getting a chance to tied well, Patil was bowled for the loss of wicket by Angkit Tamang.
These 18 villages have not received any development schemes from the government including IAY, TSC, NREGA and others since they were transferred to the SWKHD. The government through Mawkyrwat Block has not done anything in the past two years.
In terms of income, we can clearly see that the poor have become poorer and only a few who have connections with politicians, PWD/PHE contractors, traders and government officials have increased in wealth. .
At this time, let us look at some of the points on which the Apostle Paul said, “HE WILL ALSO RAISING US UP BY HIS POWER”.
In India, the number of cases of coronavirus has risen sharply in the past 24 hours, with 12,881 new cases, bringing the total number of cases in the country to 3,66,9 .
Rahul Gandhi launched his election campaign in Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur and Tripura today, addressing a rally in Itangar.
“I can understand that some of the election fever has not died down and we will blame each other, but the election is now over.
On receiving information, the police sent police under the leadership of Additional Superintendent of Police Bah B Jyrwa and two Sub Inspector Bah K Pdahkasiej to search the forest. Umpleng and B Marbaniang in charge of Saipung PS. During the search operation, four persons were found sleeping inside the cow shed. There were boxes of dynamite and 26 boxes of dynamite and 4 boxes of tickets.
The program was inaugurated by Kong J Shabong, Chairperson Child Welfare Committee, East Khasi Hills District.
Later, the Chief Ministers of the Government of India expressed their condolences over the incident and promised to take action for the safety and security of the child of the family and also to all. These Indians were involved in the incident.
He said that the allegation by Bah Titosstarwell Chyne that in the state, he is the leader of the opposition and in KHA DC, the Congress is working with the NPP, is baseless. Bah PN Syiem has already made it clear how the working methods within the KHADC are and how they are within the state government.
Karnataka Education Minister BG Nagesh wrote on Twitter that it is these students, who wear Hijab, who want to stay away from themselves and who continue to protest against the government. He said that the students should follow the rules and regulations laid down by the government on their dress code.
This decision was taken at a meeting convened by the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on 28th June in the presence of officers from the Police, Social Welfare and NGOs. to review the progress of the DREAM in the fight against drugs.
He said that besides these grounds, the Assam Rifles will also build an open air gym at a cost of about 4 lakh tyngka.
She also explained about the availability of assistance or protection that they can get through the office of the District Mental Health Program including counseling and medicines for those suffering from mental illnesses. mental health.
However, he worked hard to rescue all five of them by throwing the sharud of the river in the middle of the flood and after rescuing them, he drowned and died completely.
Speaking on the deterioration of the road, he said that this has affected the passengers who use this road and dozens of villages use this road to travel through this road.
Rida replied. Niakha went away.
Our country India is a country where freedom of religion is allowed.
“According to him, it is understood that they will allow Bah Kennedy who is also a former MLA from the area.
Meanwhile, the Meghalaya NCP today strongly condemned the burning of Vikash Nandwal, owner of Meghalaya Machineries, who was robbed of petrol while sitting in his shop.
This is according to a statement issued by the Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya in charge of the Personnel & AR (A) Department in accordance with the order of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare regarding the rules of procedure during the COVID-19 pandemic. .
The tree planting was led by Irene Dkhar, Miss Meghalaya 2022, Miss India Meghalaya 2023 and Miss Northeast 2022 in the presence of Ibalawanpynhun Wriang and others.
PB War Nongbri, Assistant Director, DSYA and other MSOA officials together with the Presidents & Secretaries of 22 State Sports Associations to discuss the preparations for the 5th Meghalaya Games – 5MG2 from 15th July to 20th July next year at Tura, West Garo Hills District.
Deborah said that 70 percent of the construction works in the project have been completed, but there are still a few remaining works such as the construction of wells, roads and some of the field works.
And when ye gather the tares, ye root up also the wheat with them. Let both grow together until the harvest: and in the harvest time I will tell the reapers, – Gather ye first the tares, and bind them in bundles to burn them: but gather the wheat into my barn" Matthew 13:24-3
The VPP has not been able to convince the people with empty promises.
Akhil Gogoi is the leader of the Raijor Dal, the newly formed party to fight against the BJP on the CAA issue and is the only one to win the election. The Assam Jatiya Parishad (AJP), which was formed by the AASU leaders, has been defeated.
In addition, another post-mortem was conducted after Kong Dorothy did not attend the post-mortem conducted in Nongpoh.
After the 2023 elections, we will form a government with only the NPP,” said Prestone.
The Women Police Jowai on receiving the complaint immediately informed the Nartiang Police Station and arrested the father of the child on the same day. on this incident you have played chess.
Shillong, Nailar 18 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Meghalaya on Friday said that the statement of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) regarding the Smart City Project is baseless.
The Seng would like to express its gratitude to all the Doctors, Nurses, ASHAs, Pharmacists, Lab Technicians, ANMs, DEOs who have joined hands on this day to provide full service to the people to get health care. Well.
The Kur said that during the inspection by the CEM, they alleged that the ministers instead of controlling the life and death of the Hima, found themselves issuing pata and NOC to trade themselves with the employees of the Hima. Almost all the members of their families, even children who did not know anything, were given stone quarries to mine and sell to Assam.
Nongpoh, Ïaiong 22: Those who release garbage into rivers or public places which affect the environment and the health of the people will be punished according to the rules and regulations of the government and to prevent such The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, on the other hand, has issued strict rules and regulations to those who violate the law.
The Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem together with the EMs, the Magistrate of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, the Police of the East Khasi Hills District, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and Ministers visited the site. Expires Tuesday, January 29,
However, after being elected as Chairman of NAAC, the NAAC has received a reply that the appointment of Prof. AN Rai as VC of NEHU is only to give him a place while he has not yet received the post. for purpose.
On the PHE issue, the MSYO is still monitoring this.
Psalm 83:6-7.
Speaking at the briefing, the MLA of the area thanked the Dorbar Shnong Lumparing and the Lumparing Sports Club for providing this land for the construction of this project which is necessary for the welfare of the people. of the local population of the area.
“At present, it is difficult to get a person like Dr Donkupar Roy,” said Renikton.
The child was temporarily admitted to Meghalaya House.
I have something to tell you about this.
Chennai, Jymmang 11: Many posts have appeared on social media such as Twitter against the Karnataka High Court's dismissal of the case on corruption charges against the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu. AIA DMK leader J Jayalalithaa.
Similarly, the storm on the 28th destroyed a house in Mawten village in South West Khasi Hills, and the landslides severely affected roads and power lines.
Through an interview with Fr.Bernard Laloo, Director, Social Service Centre, Cathedral Shillong; “Many of us, especially in the city, don't have a large area that we can turn into a vegetable garden.
A trader was shot dead in Bilasipara village, Dhubri district, Assam on Tuesday after a dispute over money, Assam police said. .
“The increase in the population among Muslims is due to the fact that many poor Muslims have nowhere to go and have no other means of improving themselves.
“We have failed to improve this road from Weiloi to Mawkyrwat but we have promised to give the Town Road to build the road within 12 km. However, the Minister of PWD has not yet allowed anyone to implement this road,” said the Mawkyrwat MLA.
“We must be instruments of change.
Shillong, November 14 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Monday handed over the land titles to the residents of Balsrigittim and Warimagre in Williamnagar, East Garo Hills in the presence of MLA Marcuise Marak.
The Court ruled that the Acting Wahadar does not have the power, justice and authority to dismiss the Dorbar Shnong and its office bearers.
It cannot be said that even in this age of corruption, there are still those who are clean and who sincerely want to eradicate corruption in which it is necessary to give praise.
This law in Goa has been in force since 1867 during the Portuguese rule of the Portuguese Catholics from Europe.
The price of the sugar in the small plastic bag should be T.13.50 tyngka. The sugar belonging to Batch No.SU-12 was sold in November
The total population according to the census is 29,6
People, especially those who are still attached to the traditional religion, have flocked from all over the Khasi-Jaintia Hills including the elderly, children and youth to walk to this sacred mountain, which is believed to be the source of life. heaven and earth connected by a golden bridge during the holy age of righteousness.
“We are very pleased that Bah Renikton our MLA has taken action. “We are very pleased to see that our MLA has come to visit this road which has been neglected for about 15 years since the construction of the road. “He has promised to send for the construction within the next few months,” said one of the residents, Bah H.Sohshang. PWD has requested to repair this road, but the office officials said that it has already been cleaned and repaired twice, and he expressed his surprise.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Mawthoh said that when Bah Shylla joined the UDP before the mid-term MDC elections, he said that he would not leave the UDP. The UDP, because you don't have a lot of support for the party, you have left the party and you don't support the party.
However, besides the elections, we will see something else in
“But that the fear of God may be before you, that ye sin not not”.
The film is directed by Karan Johar, one of the most famous Bollywood filmmakers.
“The foundation of the HSPDP is not dead and we always take this to the government, after the incident at the border, we immediately met with the CM and the border has cold now and we want to resolve the incident immediately. border," he said.
It was also seen that this system has divided Meghalaya into two groups of STs, Khasi-Jaintia and Garo.
According to MUDA, there is no provision in the Meghalaya Building Bye Laws 2001 to build more than the permit.
He is a man of pure heart and can also feel, listen, know and see the problems of people who need to be listened to”.
The union also demanded that the number of ventilators in the PICU should be increased as at present there is only one ventilator for the 6 beds in the PICU. hospital and this puts infants at risk of receiving adequate care.
Speaking on the occasion, Commissioner & Secretary Sports, Bah Peter S Dkhar, sent a message to the children and parents sent by the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma and the Minister of Sports. and the High Priest.
I went to the Synod Complex.
"To continue the conversation, please share, Subscribe and Comment as it is a way to help us to fight against the Dak, and that we should not be afraid of the UCC Bill or any other world law to be made by any Governing Authority, After this, the next will be part Three – The Power of the New Gods.
Pahamrioh FC, who won the tournament, received a cash prize of T.1 lakh and a trophy, while Lucky FC, who lost the final, received a cash prize of T.1 lakh and a trophy. She won a cash prize of T.30,000 and a trophy.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, she recalled that the Bill was introduced by the Congress since the time of Rajiv Gandhi in
If we increase the ‘feeling’, a serious conflict can inevitably ensue.
Therefore, the court has fixed the hearing of the case on 14th November
In the Ïatan Tyllai category for boys and girls, Nativity Hr Secondary School came second and Rangthong Christian Higher Secondary School came second in the boys category. Two of the girls are from Little Star Hr Secondary School.
He said that during the December/January months of the year, the government does not pay salaries to buy clothes or to celebrate the arrival of Christmas and New Year.
On the other hand, Kuldeep Yadav, another bowler, finished third.
The purpose of this cleanliness drive is to take part in the Youth for Green Movement launched by the Prime Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma. preserve the environment and maintain cleanliness in the communities.
Speaking to reporters, Wailadmiki Shylla said that his re-election this time is due to the trust and love of the people.
However, there are those who want to turn the rule of the people into the rule of demons, a rule without any knowledge, said the former leader of KHNAM. , said that at that time, he had shown personal feelings between himself in the past, but Bah Ardent did not feel anything in the past, and he said that he was surprised why. I don't want to join the VPP party, because people have a strong spirit.
It may be recalled that the UDP-BJP alliance was announced by the UDP candidate Paul Lyngdoh at a public meeting held at Pynursla on 27th October
The government has filed a PIL filed by the Meghalaya High Court regarding the illegal mining and smuggling of coal in the state.
In the raid on Gweiran prison, east of the Syrian city of Hassakah, ISIS militants also lost 200 fighters in cross-fire.
Nongpoh, March 26: The Raid Nongkylla Dorbar and the Nongpoh Elaka Sirdarship, in a meeting held yesterday at Nongpoh, have expressed their opposition to the government's plan to take over the land at 19Mer na The government has failed to inform the Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and Dorbar Hima.
There will be a committee to look into this before sending it to the High Power Committee (HPC) and this committee will consider it before sending the report to the state government.
As the General Secretary of the APHLC and the Chief Organizer of the NVDA Volunteers, Mawkhar Circle, Bah Bremly composed songs to encourage and motivate the youth. It's time to play chess for the Hill State.
After the deaths of three children, another woman has died on July 2 after eating a poisonous wild tit in Saphai village under Laskein C&RD Block, West Jaintia Hills district.
The Laitumkhrah Presbyterian Church (Pohkseh Mother Church) is one of the churches that holds social services in such families in small houses that can accommodate no more than 10 people.
In the second verse, the old man says another word – 'Don't be afraid to say – that I don't have age', because these words mean the part of age, it is the part of age. of God and not of man.
Bobeeta said that the Congress during its rule in the country when it worked with the regional parties did not try to destroy them but allowed them to grow because the Congress understands that it is. They don't have regional parties.
In fact, the director said that the government has already released some money to pay the salaries of the Housing Board employees but she said that she does not know the details and the details are available. to Asst Director.
A short speech was also delivered by the General Secretary of the Kur Lyngdoh, Bah Bhalang Lyngdoh.
Pomshutia CC scored 94 runs for the loss of 10 wickets in 16.4 overs.
According to Bah Kharkrang, the police have agreed to conduct an investigation into the incident without taking any complaint from the relatives.
The HLC has confirmed Reginal Thabah as Information Secretary, Khraw Kupar Nongsiej as Education Secretary, Arkinfield Khonglam as Social & Grievances Secretary and Constantine K. Mawlong as Assistant. Office Secretary to Bah Varcelano Lyngdoh, Cultural Secretary to Bah Energy Cajee.
Through the railway, it is clear that foreigners and foreign authorities can easily enter the state.
Ration consumers are advised to collect their ration from their ration shops.
It was also reported that even though they slept on the ground, in the middle of a blazing fire all night, Bah Hoping did not sleep well at all, but he wrote all night and slept only for 5 minutes or shiphew. 20 minutes.
According to the order, the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) together with the Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) have prepared and released a Joint Action Plan on Prevention of Drugs and Substance Abuse among Children and Illicit Trafficking.
“In addition, to ensure that people know how to recruit, it is necessary to set up a roster and implement the roster in all entry-leven posts from the time of the first implementation of the recruitment quota. including those who were born after the implementation of the recruitment scheme,” she said.
The fact that the border residents in Raid Marwet and Jirang area have not complied with the MOU, came to light on Saturday when hundreds of border residents came to protest. They took part in a march and also in a public meeting at Maikhuli village where they strongly opposed the decision to go to Assam. not only the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam.
The compensation for the loss of life is T.3.00 lakh for a person under 40 years of age, T.2.00 lakh for a person over 60 years of age and T.1.00 lakh for a person over 60 years of age.
They, Kror Sun, 77, and Amula Sun, 67, in their uniforms and headscarves, have been going together since ancient times. to exercise their rights, to vote and also on this day, there was no change and they went back as usual.
Another recipient of the JJM scheme, Bah Jenesiuis Marweiñ, expressed his gratitude to the Government for being invited to witness the I-Day celebrations in Delhi.
The number of newly registered voters on the Electoral Roll, 2024 is 56,909, Service Voters 3835, Disabled Voters 11179, Voters over 80 years of age. There are 23,793 and 5 Non Resident Indians (NRIs).
In his speech, Conrad K Sangma said that he is pleased to announce that Mairang will get its own district because Mairang is one of the districts he knows. the right to have its own District.
Why doesn't this congress women know about this disease that has spread so much?
net/meghalaya, www.indiaresults.com, www.jagranjosh.com, www.knowyourresult.com and www.timesofindia.com.
The Puja at Nartiang was organized and conducted by the Dolloi of Nartiang with the assistance of the members of the Puja Committee.
“Many people when they come from the rural areas to the city, they like to speak English or Sohra language even in the villages and areas just because they are ashamed and especially those who are outside, they don't use the language anymore. Khasi and they use foreign languages,” said Lamphang.
He said these factories have been accepted under the Industries and Investment Promotion Policy, where the government will provide assistance to them.
There was also an allegation by the Sengbhalang leaders that the Congress-led government is a murderous government. They also vowed to continue their protest until their demands are met.
Doctors who participated were Dr M Ksanieng, Dr Syiemlieh, Dr GT Passah and Dr GE Swett.
Nongpoh, Nailar 27: Leading office bearers of the Umsning Constituency People's Forum together with thousands of supporters, today joined the UDP party ahead of the 2023 elections especially to strengthen the party and give their support to the party. Sunshine Makri has been nominated by the UCPF as the candidate for Umsning.
Our actions today will define the future for our children.
All these people pretend to be leaders only in the field to show their courage.
Nongpoh: The book 'Ki Jingshew ba Ko' by Pastor P.Nongshli, was launched today at the Presbyterian Church in Nongpoh.
He said that half of the requested fund, the central government has released the fund for the construction of border markets including two in East Khasi Hills, one in South Garo Hills and one in West Khasi Hills.
He also urged the political parties in the state that in the 2018 elections, the parties should first elect their leader and then go and seek the support of the people.
They stop and the driver will see the remaining fines and penalties before signing the driving license on his smart phone.
:Speaking in the Legislative Assembly on Sports in the State, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, said that the government will allocate up to T.1,000 crore for these activities. five years to implement various projects at district and block levels to promote sports in the state.
The party said that any decision that changes the minds of the Nagas is not a mistake, no different from what has happened in the past.
Aboh was driving an SUV from Dibrugarh to Khonsa, the scene of the incident.
On the other hand, the supporters have shown their positions.
It is to be recalled that the government has set cleanliness as its top priority and has already announced it through the Swaach Bharat Mission.
The meeting of the Meghalaya leaders came at a time when the leaders of various opposition parties held a meeting at the residence of the Congress president and the opposition leader in Rajya Sabha. Assembly.
Thus all those who are in Satan's kingdom are fighting against God.
Shillong: After the announcement recently that the road from Polo Market to the four furlong areas as one way, the announcement of the road as one way has been cancelled. try to control traffic in these areas.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) will hold its General Executive Council (GEC) on the 11th July 2020 at the Community Hall of Jaiaw Shyiap-Lumpyllon, Jaiaw at 12 noon.
The people are now wise and don't need to hear him or the MLAs putting ronsing on the work they do or even those MLAs who used to announce every day that they are giving schemes to the villages, to the schools, groups and others in other villages.
“In the past, Dkhars from the north used to come to perform ýatra at Mawjymbuin Crematorium which the village allowed because they thought that India is a country with many religions. “There are objections from the Seng Bhalang and we have explained to them in this regard,” said Bah Shangpliang. He said that the Dorbar Shnong will stand against the 15th. The Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram has not received any recognition from the Dorbar but has been seen in the news.
Last month, the lawyer of the High Court – Lalrinchhana heard and convicted Rahman for his involvement in the misappropriation of money and for the involvement of he is not worthy of thanksgiving.
The powerful behavior of these food distributors has shown that they say that if the schools do not come to collect the foodgrains, they can remove such schools which do not cooperate with them.
Mr. Coming held a meeting to review the implementation of various schemes such as One Nation One Ration Card (ONORC), Aadhaar Seeding, Electronic Point-of-Sale (e-POS), collection of all FPS GPS Coordinates and monitoring of the movement of vehicles carrying ration across the state and others.
“As you have seen that in the first phase of the Tarabari Sector demarcation, the former government did not recognize it as part of the state but during the inspection, the residents expressed their desire to be part of the Tarabari Sector. Meghalaya and the Assam government have allowed those villages to come to Meghalaya,” he said.
“Even after 49 years, the state has not had laws to protect the Khasi and Garo languages, the Khasi and Garo languages ​​have not been included in the fifth schedule of the Constitution. the border and all these things make the people angry,” he said.
“Bah Lanong said that the inability of the leaders to implement the ILP in the state is because the people have followed money and elected leaders who cannot do anything. and it is for this reason that many of the wise leaders are outside the dorbar and inside there are only leaders who cannot do anything.
According to information received, Bah Paidang has not yet given a final decision to the party, but it is understood that he intends to contest from the PDF which is the ruling synrop party in KHADC. It is expected that 2018 will be the world's largest political party.
For this purpose, I urge you to introduce a Scholarship Scheme of Rs 10 crore per annum.
This experience has taught us the value of life.
Conrad said Shillong is a famous city, which was the capital of the North East before independence and when it was part of Assam.
The program also included the distribution of awards to the winners of various competitions and the Best Village Natural Resources Management Committee (VNRMC) awards to the VNRMC of Lyngdoh Maram. , Mairang Block and Nongshillong Village, Mawthadraishan Block.
They have not yet announced whether they will join any political party or support any candidate at this time.
On the other hand, Bah Eklis G War, Publicity Secretary of FASTOM, in a statement, said that the registration of members will start at 9 pm.
On the other hand, the manager of the market from the office of Sankur Ri Kynti Khaiñ Nonglang & Mawkyrwat Hat urged all the shopkeepers and visitors to take care of their cleanliness and not to throw plastic waste. Others inside the market because it will be a beautiful and clean environment so that they can avoid many diseases and hopefully with their cooperation and responsibility for themselves will bring about a clean environment and health in all respects.
Other car dealerships, hotels and resorts that have been operating should ensure that there is no impact on the environment and should ensure that the environment is preserved. always to work.
The Seven Music Groups of the Laban Presbyterian Choir, led by Dr. Rangad of Nazareth Hospital, performed “A Foolish Man” and “In The Fullness of Time" and other songs by the Nongthymmai Presbyterian Choir under the leadership of Bah KS Kharkongor.
The public can complain to the Sub-Inspectors – 9436110184/8731025753, Email: sdo_amlarem@outlook.com.
The tar products brought in were left for a few days and exposed to rain and wind until they were dry.
The blast was carried out by bombing the M/S Halari Coke Plant at 12:00 pm and the M/S Shauryansi Coke Plant at 3:30 pm.
The party spokesperson said that the people should know why many MLAs have resigned from the post of MLA and joined the NPP. MLAs like me and Bah Hamlet to join the NPP so that we can get a strong government in
“On this Holy Day, the participation of the people of the state in prayers and songs will strengthen and victory us in the fight against COVID-19,” said Conrad K Sangma.
“In 2016, there were 228 cases of robbery registered but none of them were punished,” he said.
Bah Buhphang said that the area also wants to get a Police Officer at Pynursla Police Station by a person who is knowledgeable, so that the work can go smoothly and it will be a true peace for the people.
At that time I said that I remembered God “Ah! God help me" and he ran until he came to a brook, and those who were with him laid him on the brook, and they covered him with a blanket, and the water came out, but he did not know anyone. They were immediately taken to CHC Mawkyrwat for further treatment.
Daemen is the lucky one, who has already bought a ticket to fly with Bezos and has paid $28 million, but, He left because he had other urgent matters and gave his ticket to the 18-year-old.
“We saw a poor girl lying lyngkrang on the ground, we opened her, but her body was broken in two and there was a child, who was still lying on the ground, who had been stabbed to death. The mother was shot dead in the head,” Yossi Landau told i24News.
“Now you are the office bearers and employees of the party, no matter which political party you come from but we hope that you will be the office bearers of the party,” said the president of the UDP. “The UDP leaders treat you as riewrangbah because it is after you have compared and evaluated the performance of your local MLA that you have come to join.
In response to these two issues and the restlessness of the police and health department staff, Modi will impose a lockdown for the happiness of the people.
Irene also received a buskit worth T.1.5 lakh along with other gifts.
“As you know, the need to build a hostel is because many students from the state come to Shillong to study and also the need for the Tripura House is for the residents of the state who come to Shillong. “It's necessary for those who come for treatment in Shillong,” he added.
Earlier, the party had called for a strike.
The number of cases undergoing treatment has risen to 10 out of 53 cases in the state.
When there is money, it is not difficult for the government to get land to build a market.
“The promise of the Minister of Education in his meeting on the 2nd of this month was to release the salary within a day but now 20 days have passed, the money is still stuck in the Finance Department. Government,” said MSSASA President Aristotle Rymbai in a statement sent to the media.
The total number of confirmed cases has risen to 1,021 and the death toll has risen to 1,4
However, Kong Warjri told them that the government will wait until the government receives the report of the investigation sent to the magistrate.
We should be surprised to see why so many despise the church, when they can clearly see that God gave His Son for us (Read Eph 5:25). he explains that Jesus promises to save only the church (Read Eph 5:23).
Everyone was ready to sell their various goods in Motphran.
Staff MCSWA FSW Jowai
Here too we understand the value and power of love.
I was 4-0 up in the second set and the opposition tried to fight back.
Samla Ferdynald K.Kharkamni, President of the KSU Ri Bhoi District, said that the KSU will continue to help those in need. continue to do good work and that is to help those families who really need the help.
Some of them have gone to other parts of the state to contest elections with their wealth.
Meghalaya lost in the final of the 76th National Football Championship Santosh Trophy held at the King Fahd International Stadium in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
The opening ceremony was attended by Bah Tambor Lyngdoh, Head of the SKAWUMWS in the presence of Bah Staising Kharbteng, Village Leaders, Village Leaders and Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Tambor Lyngdoh said that the Union encourages the residents to take advantage of the opportunities available to them to encourage the people of the area. to stand on their own feet in their own fields by congratulating the Destiny SHG which has been a good example for other cooperative groups.
In the second leg, Dulong beat Lumpariat 1-0, but Esalanme Bareh scored an own goal in the 58th minute.
Through the lack of development works in these villages, it also creates a stir and encourages the insurgents to move freely.
On the other hand, the coaches said that the reason why the children did not play well in the tournament was because they did not have the opportunity to prepare themselves well because they have just passed the SSLC examination. Melibad Kro (Javelin Throw & Discus Throw), Turoi Phawa (Long Jump & 100 mts), Rukini RT Dkhar (800 mts & 400 mts), Enriyana G. Momin ( Long Jump), Kasanchi-Donesa J.Marak (100 mts), Lynti-jingkyrmen K.Jahrin (3000 mts), Anus-kha Majong (High Jump) and Sibilda Maring (High Jump).
Also present on the occasion were Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of Social Welfare, Anurag Agrawal, IG NE Sector, CRPF, Chiefs of Police, Defense and State Administration.
On 6.5.2023, the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KADC) has sent workers to build its Entry Tax Gate but it has been stopped by the District authorities from both West Jaintia and West Karbi Anglong.
“The implementation of the ILP is important because looking at the border situation, our state is close to Bangladesh and has a border with Assam,” he said.
Through these explanations we understand that politics is about the way of governing to build society, the community, the country and the nation in a fair and orderly manner.
In this regard, the police and the relevant departments have ordered an investigation into the incident and the cause of the collision.
Leaders of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Central Body on Saturday visited Khliehriat to confirm and swear in the office bearers of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit for the term of office 2022-2
The Minister said the government has looked into the Lokayukta Act of other states and found that in other states like Sikkim, Haryana, Jharkhand, Himachal Pradesh, Tripura and others, the Lokayukta Act is the only group.
Nangbah Mulang scored the goals in the second half through Woldrick Susngi 48', Albert Lyngdoh 53' and Chanhok Siangshai 61'
The Act should apply equally to STs and SCs throughout India.
“We will wait for the new Government and we will take steps on how to proceed with this work,” he said.
Another benefit of joining the club is that I will learn more from those who have been more experienced and longer at the club, both on and off the field.
In the first leg, Madan SC beat Mawlynrei SC 3-1
Speaking as the chief guest, Ma Pala praised the Rotary Club Jowai for its involvement in many activities to improve the society of Jaintia Hills and to introduce people from the youth to the elderly who have succeeded in their lives. different rights.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the HYC WKHD, Samla Wanteibok Lyngdoh said that regarding the findings of the HYC Shiliang Wahblei, according to the documents, the construction of the road has been completed. The PWD road to the village does not fall under the allocation of funds for the road.
This incident has shocked and shocked all the people of the area.
Therefore, the player will join the team after the semi final.
He said that some of these groups have to walk through hills and mountains, cross rivers and places that are difficult to reach due to the road conditions but these groups have reached these places. places on foot, and also on ropeways and ships.
“I see on social media, the VPP leaders, if they don't speak the word of God, they don't know what to say, but remember in the second letter to the Corinthians, it says, Paul said, “Don't sell the Word of God for personal gain in politics because this is against the will of God,” said Embhahlang.
The SP of East Khasi Hills said that Bah Nongrum has been remanded for five days and a member of HANM who was arrested after the burning down of the PHE Mawsynram office has been remanded for four days. Andrew Shangpliang.
The gold was placed in the middle of the Maiduli tree, in the image of Nai Sanmiet.
Despite the blockade by the Assam police, the students, teachers and residents of Khanapara, have stood firm and continued to protest against the robbery. Assam has closed down the road.
"It's time for us to reflect, it's time for us to dive in and it's time for us to understand these climate events that have happened from time to time," he said. .
Through this day, the management of USTM, has been able to donate money and other gifts, as part of the encouragement to these youths who have been able to pass chess in the 10th and in Meghalaya and Assam.
It may be the changed hearts of pastors, elders, priests, evangelists, or anyone who receives praise from others.
On Tuesday alone, eight people died in Guwahati, nine of them at Guwahati Medical College Hospital (GMCH), while one died at the Covid care center in Guwahati. IIT-G).
On the other hand, Bah O Binong said that the cost of construction has reached lakhs of rupees as all the property has been destroyed and requested the government from the MLA to take action for the relief measures.
Shillong: Two young truck drivers have been shot dead and seriously injured by the employees of the Toll Gate, 7mer, on Tuesday. good.
On the other hand, Bah Pangniang also thanked the Incharges of Langpih and Boko, who have agreed to work together for the sake of peace and order. Rangbah Rambrai and also the MLA who worked hard for this work.
Regarding the three tournaments for boys and girls to be held abroad, the MFA will have to select a few players to participate in the Subroto Football Cup held recently by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. The Sports Department of the State Government and the Shillong Sports Association (SSA).
Other speakers included Bah Batista Khongphai, Bah Aauren and others.
This shows that the state is no less likely to host such games than other states of India.
The Chief Minister of Kerala, has expressed his appreciation for the assistance of Bah Hek.
The Government has urged the AMPU to provide insurance for the employees so that they can be comforted in case of any tragic incident.
These organizations are under the banner of the National Federation for New States (NFNS) and their president is Prof Munish Tamang.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that Sohra has been temporarily suspended due to the incompatibility with the areas including Pynursla.
After two years of suspension of the Behdieñkhlam festival due to the outbreak of COVID-19, this year the Behdieñkhlam festival has returned as usual and witnessed that Iawmusiang was filled with people from children to The elders and women in beautiful costumes took part in the ceremony to clean the trees as well as the Symbood Khnong and Khnong Blai on Tuesday.
“Bahunlang said that since she was a child she used to pass well in her studies and in the SSLC examination she reached the Top
“I believe that all religions teach the good, but we must love our own religion and respect the religion of others.
Shillong, Nailar 16 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the state government will follow up and urge the central government to take action against the infiltration of mynder into the state. implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) or the Meghalaya Residents, Safety and Security ACt (MRSSA).
This exercise brings health to the body and refreshes the soul.
The All Meghalaya Poultry Suppliers & Retailers Association (APOA) has announced a 10-month strike from the 1st to the 8th of this month. because of the high price of goods.
“It was in 1973 that Brother Dominic Jala founded and conducted the choir. for the wedding of my father Purno Sangma in Tura"
Sometimes I hear that my mother talks to my friends or my father about Jowai and Shillong, I want to know or to get there and I want to see it. around.
This action of the department has angered the traders and civil society.
This medicine can be applied to the affected area after the skin has been removed from the affected area.
The NPP MLA from Saipung-Sutnga, Kong Santa Mary Shylla, has requested the Government to expedite the construction of the 4-lane road on the NH-6 as this road is important for many states in the country. in the Eastern Hemisphere.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 24: Many rural villages in West Khasi Hills are still using horses to transport goods from bus stations to their villages.
“Four vehicles have been stoned in Mawlai since Tuesday and residents and drivers have been injured.
At the same time, he warned the foreigners that the Executive Committee will not allow those who violate the law.
He said he had no desire to talk to the former Prime Minister.
On the other hand, the Minister promised that arrangements will be made so that the entry of those students to study should not be delayed.
He said that the reason for setting up this Camp Office in Nonghyllam Village is also because many villages in Ranikor Block have to travel by car about 110 or 120 kms to reach the village. Mawkyrwat has affected many people besides the long distance, the fare has been very expensive and especially when they come to Mawkyrwat there are times when they cannot meet. The officers have not been able to complete their work in one day and this has affected them greatly.
“The Association has also met with the senior officers of the department to seek clarification on the nature of the disease as part of ensuring the safety of eating and selling the food. The Joint Director of the Department has explained that the disease will not affect anything if you eat meat, but a few days later, the Secretary of the Department has sent another clarification. It is not permissible to eat the meat and drink the milk of cows infected with this disease.
Shillong: A fire broke out in the house of Bah DD Lapang in Lower Lachumiere, Shillong, this morning.
He requested the government to pay all the remaining salaries of the council employees, and warned that if the government ignores their request, they will not refuse to take other salaries. strong measures to force the government to pay all their salaries.
Their diligence and hard work is a good example for the students to follow.
They also requested to give them time to think carefully and to give their suggestions for the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage as they are still in the process of preparation, said a statement. The Steering Committee of the Kur Dorbars is chaired by Bah KRyntathiang and Bah HS Suting Genl.
“Many of them were party leaders in the past but what is surprising now is that many of them are listening and not uniting,” said Lytan.
On the other hand, the MDCs suggested to improve the report in terms of the accounting methods and also suggested to send training to the staff over time, so that the accounting methods At the same time, it will give confidence to the Central Government to release the funds to the Council.
“The Laban Sports Club has been a success since its inception.
“The Mizo National Front, which led the government in Mizoram, has expressed its opposition to the proposal to amend Article 6 of the Constitution of India despite the fact that the BJP is in alliance with the BJP. the MNF when they came to power," she said.
“I will not go to preach against my husband,” said Bah Don.
He said that if any person is found violating the rules and regulations, the VDP will not allow such people, because if allowed it will affect the welfare and peace and order in the country. social life in the village.
Babu W. Gasperly B. Marwein has passed away more than 2 years ago.
“A few days after returning from America, I went to meet your Ministers to talk to them but as soon as I talked to them I understood that your leaders They don't have the strength here and they don't have anything to lead you, that's why it came to my mind that I should turn to politics to change these things in the minds of the people”.
Lakasein SC beat Jarain SC 2-0. The two goals were scored by Edamon Palem in the 66th and 78th minutes.
“They can vote for any EVM installed in the Strong room,” he said.
Speeches were also delivered by Mario Biam, Secretary, Juhhi Pale, General Secretary, Sanki Phawa (SHT). Dhar, while the meeting was conducted by Pyrkhat Shylla, President of the Seiñ Raij Ialong.
On the other hand, the BJP and its supporters claim that no one can form a government without its support and blessing.
“Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall NEVER pass away".
“On the part of the Government, we have not approved their request for three months and we have decided to give them until 10th June to respond,” said Bah Sniawbhalang.
3-D models of aquifers developed by NAQUIM based on surveys provide additional information for a better understanding of groundwater.
If you have any information, please call Jowai PCR :- 9774065467 / 03652-2
The Meteorological Department has also warned that in the next 24 hours, there will be heavy rainfall in the state.
“If he (Gavin) refuses to step down, the HNLC will hold him responsible.
Bah Buhphang is an experienced teacher in the field of music at Sieng Riti Institute, Wahkhen which is also a training center for the preservation of traditional music and culture. the village of Wakhen.
[the detailed article was published as a letter to the editor on November 16, 2014].
Rupang on Tuesday had the opportunity to meet with the former Congress leader to talk face to face with her, so that the people will know the reason why she left the party. In an interview with the BJP, Pelcy Snaitang said that in the 20 years she has been with the Congress party, she has worked hard within the party. It was also at a time when the Congress was beginning to form a women's group in the state.
In Meghalaya, agriculture means only the cultivation of rice, soh, jhur, rice and other crops that the residents use on a daily basis unlike other crops. other states, which cultivate kynphad, pai, kew and those which cultivate rice.
To protect women from violence such as prostitution, slavery, trafficking and other crimes, the Government has announced the establishment of Anti Human Trafficking Units in Shillong, Tura and Jowai. and in Nongpoh.
This is according to a statement sent by TBn RS Rani, Chairman and Mr. MK Mawlong, Secretary, Lumsohkhlur Presbyterian Church.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong held on 18th November 2019 has unanimously decided to set up a new club as part of the development of children in sports in the village.
Regarding the forced border crossing by Assam, the RBYF strongly condemns the Assam government for disrespecting the dialogue between the two states.
On these grounds, the Seng invites the Rangbah Shnongs and Sengbhalang of Ri-Bhoi to join hands in this struggle for the peace and order of the Khasi people living in the border areas. .
“We will continue to express our protest along with other states in the North East and we will continue to commemorate this day as 'Black Day',” he said.
Reports said that Bah Kanasing Lynshiang and his supporters have already met with Bah Prestone to discuss the strengthening of the NPP after welcoming Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh to the NPP. Prestone has said that the political change will take place from 6th to 8th June 2023 as some political parties will come to join the NPP, but he did not say. It is understood that not only the PDF MLAs will join the NPP, but there will also be other political parties to join the NPP in order to strengthen the party. the authority in the state.
This is on the grounds that many times the village leaders have urged the company/GRIL to black topping and build a proper drain, but they have not done as they promised. from time to time.
However, on the 3rd of this month, the incident came to light after the two children could not bear what had happened to them and went to tell the kur ka jait. The family of these children has lodged a complaint with the Nongstoiñ Police Station.
Expressing his surprise at the Government's refusal to discuss the issue, Bah Passah said the reason “maybe it is because the Prime Minister is a Garo and the party that is leading the Government is also a Garo. The party is from Garo Hills and therefore he (the Prime Minister) wants to bring benefits only to the Garo people.
The incident happened at 11:30 pm when the truck number AS 01 EC 0965 was coming from Guwahati but when it reached Jorabat, the truck collided with the man. who cannot be recognized until he dies from this earth.
The CEM said that the KHADC is an independent body and the division of constituencies was done according to the agreement and after the foundation was laid.
When inquired from the residents, they said that even those who own fish ponds do not want to earn money by farming fish to sell in the market, but their intention to build fish ponds is to give rent to those who own fish ponds. who used to hold hunting competitions.
Another new school to be opened in Umladkhur at a cost of Rs 40 crore has been funded by NESTS. He also announced that the government has issued a notice on 9/12/2022 to upgrade Jarain PHC to Sub Divisional Hospital. and it shall be opened to the public on the 20th of this month.
Thus, those who follow, like the Longshuwa, without any written rules, are tyngkhap-tyngkhip in all our actions, ours to preserve our unique nature; the truth and the light, not your own.
If the government is willing to take action to revise the roster, it will start from today to implement the new policy based on the number of paid and to implement the roster ordered by the court. and there is no impact on our job seekers,” said Bah Ardent.
If the government is willing to support groups that work and assist drug addicts, it should also support those groups of youth organizations by supporting them in any way so that they can strengthen their ability to encourage or help the youth of the community to spend time in physical sports such as football, cricket, basketball, or even indoor games.
Bryant's purple jersey, which also had the number 24 written on it as his lucky number, was sold by the owner of the company. The LA Laker star won 25 games during the 2007-2008 season.
The categories for the tournament will be in the Under 15 category in single and double, while in the Under 19 category, Single, Double and Mixed Double, For the Senior category, there will be Single, Doubles and Mixed Doubles and for the Veteran category, there will be Single, Doubles and Mixed Doubles.
Then look more and more, look at those Dkhars who stand in line in Iewmawlong, in the middle of the road, inside the car.
“We demand that compensation should be paid to the injured person and just because you pay compensation does not mean that you should take the case stingy,” said Bah Wandonbok Jyrwa.
Even the Weighbridge at Umling has caused a lot of traffic jams and how much more if this weighbridge is placed in the ground floor of the DTO office, because as it is now, the city of Nongpoh is already crowded and still needs a lot of traffic. However, if the government introduces a weighbridge, it will cause many problems especially to the people.
However, the ad-hoc committee appointed by the Indian Olympic Association, which announced that the elections will be held on 6th November, has decided to postpone the elections to 11th November. There are relatives of the president of the federation, who have been on the list for the election to elect a new president of the WFI. and Himachal Pradesh have urged the ad-hoc committee and requested them to be included in the election.
RoundGlass Punjab FC have won the I-League title 2022-23 and have moved up to the top flight of the country after becoming the first club from the I-League. League.
However, on this day, they said that no people went even to Khyndailad or IGP. “It is true that the government has given a holiday to vote so from government employees to schools are closed. " he said.
Therefore, the Basan added that many of the villages in the Raid still want to be under the Hima Mylliem in Meghalaya whether it is in terms of customs, religion and customs. They cannot even accept that this Raid will go to Assam in this border dispute and the reason for the border dispute is only the violence of the British Government that in fact this Raid is not the raid. The border between Assam and Meghalaya is still within the state of Meghalaya even if according to the documents that the Hima Mylliem still has to prove, they added.
Despite making two phone calls to the police, no one came to help the family.
While deciding, according to the Prime Minister, they believe only in providing for their own income.
This time, the motion was defeated and the East India Company could not be made to take responsibility for the missionary work of the Christian Church.
Nirav Modi, one of India's richest men, was arrested today and a Westminster court has refused to grant him bail. Modi's resignation comes three months after the arrest of one of India's bank robbers, Vijay Mallya.
Despite the first heavy rainfall, they held a public meeting to explain and educate the residents about cleanliness, the meeting was led by the Vice President of the party Bunlang Mawpat.
He recalled that in the past years, the people of the state have faced such incidents where they have to pay loans to banks because the people have left home without getting proper information.
For more than 20 years we have been holding prayers, meetings and doing acts of mercy and love from this house of prayer.
This further empowers the wife and children to have a strong hope in the father and the future for them too.
In a memorandum sent to Conrad K Sangma, the HNYF urged the Meghalaya government to take action against the central government's plan to remove the office. role in the construction of office complexes and residences for its employees.
Therefore, they are suffering a lot because it affects the cost of treatment not only for the patients but also for those who go to wait”.
That is what you are showing here and this will be the end of the effort to bring about a future of hope.
The JAC also said that as of 5 pm on the 12th of this month, the NEHU Act, Statute and Ordinance were not available on the website of NEHU. do you talk? The fact is that the VC wants X, Y, Z from Delhi, even his political leaders and their lack of confidence has led to the cancellation of the Convocations, which has affected the youth. “After a long time of refusal, the JAC is pleased to see that finally, the VC has understand that teachers are the leading part of the Academic Council after they started striking in collaboration with other stakeholders of the university, (non-teaching) staff and students.
Others are Kharkutta 78%, Mendipathar 77.51%, Resubelpara 76.69%, Bajengdoba 76.77%, Songsak 75.57%, Rongjeng 75.46%, Williamnagar 67.79%, P7ul 78, Rakiri 2lla .09%, Red 83.34%, Selsella 83.78%, Dadenggre 74.84%, Tura North 71.63%, Tura South 70.73, Rangsakona 80.07%, Ampati 83.26%, Mahendraganj 84.32%, Salmanpara 83.56.5% Gallugre 8, Si 7%. 75.06%, Shock 73.26%, and Baghmara 76.06%.
We see that the Voice of the People Party (VPP) is one of the emerging political parties in this regard that has launched a Clean Politics Campaign and to fight against the power of money. it's time for elections.
Officials who attended the ceremony expressed their sympathy when they saw the President fall and fall on that day because according to his age, it is also difficult to fall and suffer. such incidents, though minor and insignificant.
Laiwang Bohham scored the first goal in the 45th minute to take the lead by 1 goal before half-time.
The celebration will be held in collaboration with the School Managing Committee and the Dorbar Shnong Nongshluid.
Plz don't hesitate to continue. I am happy to have you writing essays in Khasi.
“We have taken immediate action on this matter, we have had discussions, discussions and most importantly we have followed up with the police department so that we can identify and take action against the incident. “Such stunts are illegal in India to perform on the streets,” said Bah Jyrwa.
In the first phase of the polling, half of Rajasthan has severely punished the Congress party, because they know that the Congress party has no ability to make India a stronger country.
The true people are those who don't sing even in the synagogue.
The EJNC together with four villages including Pala, Kseh, Muknor and Khahnar villages in Saipung Block, East Jaintia Hills District have taken to the streets to carry flags to demand the government. government to build a road connecting these villages which has been abandoned for many years.
The GSU has informed all the DCs and SPs of the districts in Garo Hills.
KJBWA leaders led by Vice President Bah Generous Warlarpih today met with the CEM of KHADC where they explained their appreciation for the meat harvesting in the area because it is good and peaceful. too.
He said that the only thing he knows is that after the elections Dr. Mukul Sangma will join the BJP. from July 28 to July 30, 2023.
The SymphoNE Virtual Conference will be held on the 24th & 27th November 2022 and will be organized by the Department of Development of North Eastern Region on the occasion of World Tourism Day.
Ma Tariang said that the leaders and members of the NPP party had invited him to join them and after thinking carefully he found that the party (NPP) is a big party and he chose this party. Ma Tariang said he accepted the BJP on the grounds that the BJP has a better policy than the Congress.
Not only that, residents of Rairangpur, Bahalda and Badampahar have visited the temple, which was funded by Murmu from her MLA scheme during her tenure as MLA. Rairangpur; for prayer and fasting, which is for a whole day.
Process T Sawkmie , MDC Mawlai , has written to the Chief Secretary , Barkos Warjri , to inform him that the letter sent by the MePDC to the people is not true He said that this is not the way to inform the public in harsh words, which shows that the department has underestimated the people.
Recently, the NPP has admitted that out of its 23 MLAs, there will be about 8 to 10 MLAs from other parties who want to contest on the NPP ticket in
“Therefore......I request you to reconsider this matter and issue a uniform order regarding the payment of money to all employees at various levels and to those who have retired from service. according to the position they hold.
The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger said that the police under the leadership of the DGP recently held a meeting between the Meitei and the Kuki and urged them to to maintain peace and order while they are in Shillong.
Regarding the failure of these banks to celebrate the Shad Nongkrem holiday, Ajit Makri, said that he is sorry to see that these banks do not celebrate the Shad Nongkrem holiday. They said that these banks are operating and do not respect the holiday 'Shad Nongkrem', which has prompted the HANM to close down them.
Nongpoh: Another tragic incident has happened in Byrnihat area, where a 14-year-old girl has committed suicide by hanging herself.
Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA, expressed his special thanks to all the Officers and Engineers of various departments who have worked hard to prepare the Plans / Estimate and DPR which have been approved. He also thanked all the Seng Bhalang and Societies and land owners who have donated their land free of charge.
Of course, as it is said, it is easy to criticize but difficult to point out or give suggestions.
“After receiving the donation from the central government, the state government will be able to pay the two month salary for the SSA teachers,” said Rakkam.
They didn't change their minds.
However, it is said that the condition of his body is not yet strong as the injuries and pain are too severe and one of the bullets that pierced his body is from parts of the body. and it will take time for him to walk and stand as usual.
Hooid should not pass this selection examination, we have found it very difficult as students to prepare and complete all the syllabus because the syllabus has been changed from time to time.
The main reason for the mynder lei is that it produces many evil deeds from foreigners who do not live in peace and harmony, who commit evil deeds in all kinds of ways, just for the sake of the country. benefit only.
He said this shows that the central government has confidence in the work of the NPP-led government with the cooperation of other parties.
They said that the increase in electricity bill has almost reached half of what they used to pay in previous years.
The Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) has sent a six-page reply to the Deputy Secretary of the Government of Meghalaya and other relevant departments. .
He said that from now on there will be many people who will come to deceive them with many kinds of promises that come out only during the elections before the end of the five years of elections.
CEC Rajiv Kumar commended them for their thorough preparation and timely performance in the 2022 Assembly elections.
In another development, the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) led by Chief Minister Conrad Sangma today met to hold a condolence meeting on the passing away of Dr Donkupar Roy. .
The purpose of this work is to free this child from many kinds of diseases.
“We have decided to hold it again in November this year after we learned that other states and even from outside India want to know more when they see the richness of our culture,” he said.
There are 43 Government Departments/UTs which have reported Rs 3.09 lakh crore in the Gender Budget Statement 2024-25 (Budget Estimates), compared to Rs 2.23 lakh crore in the Gender Budget Statement 2024-2 2023-24.
On the other hand, BJP leader AL Hek said he has no information on the nomination of Fenela for the MP election from the BJP. ", said Bah Hek.
Earlier, when Jesus began to speak and teach the crowds, “His Spirit was filled with compassion for them...” According to Father Sngi, these words are taken from the Greek word "esphlangkhnisti" means "the bones of His snaps and bones were broken and according to the ancient Jewish thought, love and compassion were in the bones and bones of His bones"
Pynïaid said he has already spoken to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong for the road to connect Mawpyrshong to Mawryngkneng.
In the incident, the robbers also set fire to several shlems of the Forest Department.
His family of three now has access to clean cooking facilities and chemical-free fertilizer.
Samuel, a player of Shillong Lajong Football Club from Meghalaya, has been selected for the AFC U-23 Championship Qualifiers
Dr. Rita Tariang said that she joined the BJP because she understands that the party is working tirelessly for the upliftment of the poor and needy. .
“His enthusiasm for the party means that he can participate but the important thing is that he is a leader,” said the general secretary of the UDP. Bindo M Lanong, Joe Marwein and Allan F Dkhar were also present.
The incident has sparked outrage in the country, with Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina vowing to punish all those involved in the attack.
When asked about the threat of the armed group to the ministers, the Minister of Home Affairs said it is the duty of the state government to ensure peace and order among the citizens of the state. whether they are ministers or public figures.
T.10,000 was stolen twice, at 11.46 pm and 11.48 pm, from two ATMs at Jagdamba Market and Aman Vihar in New Delhi.
The incident is unprecedented and that is that there are 62 vacancies in the Telecom Department of the Police in Uttar Pradesh and for this post, there are 50,000 candidates and 28,000 candidates. Post Graduate and 3,700 PhD candidates are applying for these posts.
Six civilians were killed and several others injured in a bomb blast by an Islamic State militant group in Afghanistan.
Before the opening ceremony in Nongriat, the chief guest in the presence of Rambrai Jyrngam MLA Kimfa S Marbaniang and District Officers visited the tourist attractions. There are valleys to open this tourist attraction to the public.
"Banerjee's name has appeared in the complaint filed by Kuntal Ghosh, one of the richest men and one of those accused of corruption from the school. He said the investigation team had forced him to reveal the name of Banerjee, who is the General Secretary of the TMC, in connection with the incident.
At the same time, she urged the companies taking part in the management dispute to be patient and wait for the election process in accordance with the rules and not to go to the media to criticize each other.
This is after 35 years of full moon lighting, the report said.
On the other hand, the JHTOA urges any truck drivers, if they encounter any problems, to immediately inform the leaders of the JHTOA so that it can take the necessary action for the benefit of the drivers. truck.
Speaking as the chief guest, T. Lyngwa, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, said that the purpose of the MECDM&RM is to strengthen the the child's personality in order to grow up to be fully developed physically, mentally and spiritually and in order for the child to grow fully well, he needs wholesome food that he can get through the I found Centers.
The Government is looking into all aspects of the demand for the inclusion of Khasi and Garo as the main languages ​​of Meghalaya.
She said that she had met with the Chief Minister of Assam Sarbanda Sonowal today on the issue. She urged him that Assam should not interfere with Langpih in the new border settlement with Meghalaya, but should leave Langpih as it used to be. Meghalaya.
Ozil Langshiang scored the first goal for Dulong in the 28th minute.
How beautiful! I thank you.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 20: A youth identified as Donald P. Syiemlieh of Demseiniong village, Mylliem, East Khasi Hills District, has died in an accident on the Shillong By-pass road this morning. hashen, that was after the vehicle he was driving collided with a dewbilat truck coming from the opposite direction.
MLA Schemes can be blocked.
“We strongly condemn these illegal acts against humanity and demand justice for the victims,” said the Chairperson of PWF, Kong Maya Pohleiñ. .
He said that the residents of Mawthawkrah, Mawmareh, Tynghor, Nongthymmai, Domajarain, Upper Rangsah, Nongrisan, Mawram, Noonmati and other villages have to struggle to cultivate rice land. cultivate wheat, barley, sorghum, sugarcane, sorghum and soybeans.
There are those who have known the meaning of such proverbs, such as the word of agriculture, which is sown in the field; the square is a large area of ​​lynter and wide and straight without any lynter; the nornor is the most common thied jyrmi in the field; the riat ramram is the smallest rsham, the klong u skawskaw is the smallest klong and sieb from both ends.
However, no deaths have been reported at the time of writing.
In the U-17 women's category, Keisham Melody Chanu of Manipur (Golden Glove), Loktongbam Shelia Devi of Manipur (Golden Boot) and Angel Tamang of Arunachal Pradesh won the Player of the Tournament.
The Association would like to express its sincere gratitude to all the members, the Principal of St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School, the parents and all the participants, who have brought about the success and success of this competition. championship.
“We have been going out to meet the officers to help us with our needs, but when it comes to the work, it is not working at all,” said Kong Lawai.
Lamare FC, Mawlai beat United Sports Club Kolkata in the semi final, 1st leg of the 2022-23 Invitational Knock Out Football Tournament .
He urged the present generation to preserve the religion in the way that our ancestors have established with the power of God.
In connection with the incident, although no casualties were reported, the Khanapara Outpost, Ri Bhoi, is conducting an investigation to find out the facts. a place with lots of shops.
That is why many times we pray just to do the same thing and prayer doesn't work, God doesn't hear.
Shillong, Lber 3: The Khan National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) in a meeting with reporters today strongly condemned one of the MDCs who has fled the party, Bah Process T Sawkmie. .
Although Erling Haaland and Kevin De Bruyne failed to score, Bernardo Silva scored two goals in the 23rd and 37th minutes.
Speaking on the spread of memes against the political leaders of the state, Bah Lamphrang said that it is something that the party does not approve because it affects not only their reputation but also the party. the rights of the nation and the state as a whole.
Shillong: The NEHU Inter College Table Tennis, Badminton and Chess tournament is in full swing.
Momin has replaced former BJP President Ernest Mawrie.
However, he said that this is the first time that this demand has been raised in this way.
The old foundation stone of the children's home was inaugurated by the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Justice Uma Nath Singh on Saturday.
“All BJP MLAs and MPs should not take subsidies so that they can distribute aid to the poor,” said BJP leader Lyngdoh.
“It is a fact that many of the children, both boys and girls, have joined the armed forces, and it is necessary for the state government to take action to lead the children. young man in the right path".
Shillong, June 21: The Working President of the UDP, Bah Titos W Chyne, who is also the MLA of Sohra constituency, on Tuesday said that the UDP leaders cannot threaten to expel anyone from the party, only in the power of Parliament. Board of the Party.
In the afternoon, before the blessing of the Blessed Sacrament, the Duwan gave a beautiful talk on the daily life of the Word of God, which is a source of encouragement to the faithful and to all people. Father Devasia, Parish Priest of Sohra, East Khasi Hills District, said:
In all parts of the raid, the raid went smoothly, and the KHADC police seized up to 5 small trucks of goods which were sold illegally in the market. The goods include shana, shana, film cassettes, and other small items seized from the footpaths, and the owners of these goods are foreigners who do not have any rights. a business license, to engage in such business.
The award was given to Bah Khonglah for his contribution to the school in various fields not only as the President but also as a leader who sought ways and means to run the school. as it is now.
The thought of common interest has disappeared, there is only selfish interest and we have forgotten our beloved country.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: In commemoration of the 10th Anniversary of the passing away of Bah Kennedy Warlarpih, the Malki Youth Association has organized the Kennedy Memorial Trophies 2022 which includes football, cricket, basketball and rock. point, marathon and cleanliness of the surroundings of the Village.
He said that for the youth, both men and women, the youth should continue to try to recruit more members to the party so that it will become stronger from time to time.
She said the Government of India through the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi has launched the National TB Elimination Program with the aim of eradicating the disease within the year. 2025.
Shillong: The Supreme Court today, through a three-judge bench, has given three months to the state government to respond to the petition filed by the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC). The State Government has requested a census of the residents of Them Metor.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Dong of Lummawnei, Bah Habamut Mylliem Umlong, said that the deceased was a resident of Mawlai Nongkwar.
On the other hand, two political parties from Mawlai including the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) and the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Circle have vowed to take measures to protest against the state government's decision to ban Mawlai Community Development Block (C&RD) within the boundary of Mawlai Village.
It is learned that this is not the first time that the BDO office in Umsning has been damaged, but it has happened many times, where robbers have been able to enter the office at will. due to the lack of proper enclosures.
He said the government is working closely with the farmers to bring about a difference between the past and the present in rice cultivation through new farming methods.
According to the Act, the investigation into those who interfere with the work of nurses and doctors will be 30 days and a fine of T.2 lakh will be imposed. they will be sentenced to nine years imprisonment and a fine of Rs 5 lakh.
He praised the unity and willingness of the Hindu community in Nongpoh for the betterment of the Nongpoh area. At the same time, he urged the members of the Hindu Welfare Society Nongpoh to They shall work together to prevent the illegal entry of mynder into the State and not to encourage or provide shelter to other mynder who intend to invade the State.
The Social Welfare Department of the State Government on Tuesday launched the Drug Rehabilitation, Elimination and Action Mission (DREAM) and BuILD, two programs on the prevention of drugs. the spread of drugs in the state.
The North East Students' Organization (NESO) has held a rally today and will continue to expand to other parts of the region as well as to Delhi.
Samla Rimi Lyngdoh as President, Samla Berley Suchiang as Vice President, Dolystar Lyngdoh as General Secretary, Ioh Lapasam Asst General Secretary, Imidaoo Lyngdoh as Organizing Secretary, Finance Kampher Lyngdoh as Publicity Secretary. Secretary and about 20 Members.
Shillong, July 03 : The President of Meghalaya, Droupadi Murmu, will inaugurate the Meghalaya Games this month.
In Khliehriat, the Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Shakliar Warjri, launched the flag and distributed the award to Rymbai PHC which has been selected as the best implementer of MHIS & Ayushman. At the same time, the Rotary Club, Jowai also honored the Anti-Narcotics Task Force (ANTF).
“Therefore, what the court has stated is correct and this is what we have done.
What is more pleasant is that this Dorbar now has not only a strong ruling party with more experienced and victorious Ministers but also a skilled opposition.
The Mawkhar Samla Seng found Tsering through a Facebook post by Eldora Lyngdoh where she expressed her willingness to help young people who have become addicted to drugs.
Speaking to reporters, Birla said the Government under the leadership of Prime Minister Duh has committed to the principle of 'Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas, Sabka Vishwas, Sabka Prayass' to build Aatmanirbhar Bharat.
Because from Mawphansiar, Rambrai, Mawthir to Kyrshai, Synnia, Mawdoh and other remote villages there are no health centers.
Two players of Rangkynsai have scored 100 runs in this match.
Kharpuri has imposed this rule following the protest of the residents against the appointment of Ami Tariang as the Acting Waheh Shnong of the Jaintia Hills District Council (JHADC).
All Sordars/Headmen are directed to renew the Licenses of the distributors in their Centers for the year 2023-2027, which will be five years until further notice. .
In South West Khasi Hills, two MDCs will contest, including Congress MDC from Mawkyrwat, Bah Carnes Sohshang and Bah Pius Marwein, who is also the incumbent MLA of the UDP. Six MDCs will contest from the NPP ticket, five from the UDP and five from the Congress, one from the HSPDP and one as an independent candidate or from other parties.
According to the census submitted by the Shillong Municipal Bpard, there are 184 government employees and their relatives, who have been recognized as permitted residents.
He said it is a great pleasure for him to publish this book in English, as part of promoting Khasi literature to the world.
Kong Kmoin Wahlang, a mother of 12 children, has a physical illness, but even so, this has not stopped her from participating in running competitions.
According to the WMO, global warming is the biggest threat to the world. More than 61,000 people have died from climate change. of the atmosphere over the European continent in the summer of last year.
Over.
For example, during the rainy season they sell sohphlang and sohniamtra and so on.
Besides, they have their own families to support their children and the actions of MeECL are an insult to them.
There has been a complaint against us to the office of the SDO Sohra led by Homi Khongsit and Tralsing Riahtam who are also opponents regarding the post of Sordar Raid Kongthong.
Rakkam Sangma Education Minister, Bah Ardent, said that India is a democracy, once he passed the university.
“We would also like to urge the state government to allocate more funds from the schemes for the three District Councils, including the plan scheme and other financial assistance. ".
Shillong: The John Roberts Theological College, Mawklot, Shillong has held a Memorial Lecture on the 23rd November, 2022 on the occasion of the 114th death anniversary of Rev. Dr. John Roberts. .
Speaking to media, the Working President of KHNAM, Bah Thomas Pasah said that the salary of the Government to the day laborers at present is 340 tyngka per day for the uneducated and 380 tyngka per day for the uneducated. and 420 tyngka for those who were skilled per day.
According to the survey conducted in 2022, about 41% of schools have tobacco shops within 100 yards. to have a joint cooperation between the State Police Department, the Education Department and the villages to free children from the harmful effects of tobacco.
Likewise, the people of War Jaintia need this road because it is the budlum of traffic and trade of the area as a whole.
The Department of Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya in collaboration with the Eastern Command of the Indian Armed Forces on Thursday unveiled and displayed various awards or trophies. The Durand Cup Trophy, the Shimla Trophy (all rolling trophies) and the President's Cup (all rolling trophies) were held and displayed at Khyndailad, Shillong.
Although the AITC and the NPP have not yet announced their candidate for the election, sources close to the NPP said that the NPP leaders have spoken from time to time with the former MLA. of Umroi.
If this relationship is not strong, the public administration will fall into disrepair.
Wansalan said that on 9.08.2019, the village had sent a clarification to the Syiem and KHADC regarding the issuance of No Objection Certificate (NOC) to the owners of Bazar India. On 13th July 2019, an order was issued to remove the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Nongkwar and appoint the interim Rangbah Shnong Maurice Lyngdoh Merdon.
Prestone Tynsong said that so far those who have tested positive are those who have returned from other states of India and for this reason, the government has not allowed the returnees to meet those who have returned from India. ing.
It is understood that five Congress MDCs have been ready to support the UDP to lead the EC in KHADC. Bah Pynshngain is now leading the EC under the banner of the PDF supported by the UDP MDCs. Shillong, November 22: Many groups have sent letters to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi to strengthen the few in this state which has increased the ability of the people to withdraw money from banks from what the government has set.
But where shall we go? You foolish and stupid Christians, if you don't obey the laws passed by the government, leave this country.
On the other hand, the Yatra of Hindu devotees to the Mawjymbuin Crematorium will be held on the 16th of November.
He said that despite the progress and development in the last 76 years, there are still many things that have not been eliminated such as in the field of health, education and there is also a difference between the the rich people who live in the cities and the poor people who live in the countryside.
Samla Marwein said that he has also taken the opportunity through the media to spread this news so that all the youth can come and take part in this programme.
No meeting shall be held after 10:00 pm in Yungwalieh, Panaliar.
On the other hand, the General Secretary said that before sending these recommendations, the party has brought the matter to the CEC and as the members of the CEC want to include more recommendations, It was decided to change some of the things that the organization had not done.
The Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) has decided to give time to the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) to collect the garbage collected along the Iawmusiang on Tuesday.
The price that the companies offer per tray is Rs.
The death toll is 11 from East Khasi Hills District: 07, Ri Bhoi: 02, East Garo Hills and West Jaintia Hills.
The UDP has won 11 MLAs and the VPP has won 4 MLAs especially in Mawlai Constituency against the UDP. MLA PT Sawkmie and MDC Teibor Pathaw.
“Instead of making Meghalaya a hotbed of crime, the government should focus more on education, sports and so on, which bring good to the youth and in the state as a whole," he added.
The research also found evidence that there were hunter-gatherer groups living in the forests in different parts of India and these are now extinct.
Shillong, June 30: The BJYM Meghalaya has condemned the statement of Urban Affairs Minister Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh against the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the BJP. The BJYM Meghalaya said that this statement of Bah Ronnie shows his fear and concern for the BJP as it is a party that can be trusted by the people of the country for its work.
A total of 1,28,01,785 people have been infected with the virus in India, including 8,43,473 who are still infected.
Kynshi Bangla Sports and Cultural Club will hold a Knockout Football Tournament as part of the fundraising campaign for the Kynshi Bangla LP School. The tournament will be held on the 1st, 3rd and 11th of November at the Kynshi Bangla Stadium.
After the ceremony, the new members of the Seng Khasi Sohra Circle and the Seng Khasi West Khasi Hills Branch were introduced. to be with you today.
Luke 6:12.
The RBYF Western Zone Leaders said that since some of the staff at the hospital have tested positive for COVID-19, the hospital has been facing a shortage of staff and equipment. Many of the employees of the hospital have been quarantined.
However, after a few months, he left Dr. Mukul Sangma to join the NPP. Also, Bah Sngiawbhalang Dhar, Bah Coming One Ymbon, Bah Ngatlang Dkhar who are MLAs. It is not the joining of the 5 members to the Government, but what they are talking about is whether these 5 members will remain in the Congress or will leave the house when they understand that the time has not come for them to join the Congress. Those who have been nominated as MLAs from the Congress are Bah Process T. Sawkmie from the UDP and Kong Ampareen from the NPP. They can join the NPP. This split from the party before the elections or the ticket from another party by leaving one's own party, has happened for a long time in this state and it is not the first time. It happens not only here, but it happens all over India.
Wasa is in the top position so far with 9 points following Mynthong
There is not a single church that has been destroyed or a single Christian who has been shot.
She said that as an MLA, she doesn't want to accept or accept such a full membership in the Dorbar Shnong, but she said that as an MLA she doesn't feel any difference in the way she works and the Elder.
In the second half, Nongthymmai SC continued to play hard and didn't give up, and in this way they managed to score again through Mat Makri in the 51st minute. Verjelous Shylla scored the third goal in the 57th minute to give the team more control of the game.
“There are times when I feel lonely and I believe that we all have a feeling of loneliness in life, but this is the nature of man.
Banpyntngenlang Syiemlieh said that these foreigners came in three private vehicles number AS21 M-1397, AS01BA-7400 and AS02 V-7 No Labor License, EPIC Card or any other documents were required except for one or two Aadhaar Cards.
The deceased was identified as Frazier N Sangma, 71, resident of Golflink.
In his speech, he said that it is difficult for the students to get all the knowledge they need when they sit for various examinations, whether it is in education or in employment. They will not be able to meet the needs of the children outside the syllabus.
Rupang today spoke to the Sordar of Raid Lyngkhat, Bah KK Tangsong, to talk about these eight people who want to register to vote from Lyngkhat.
Meanwhile, Ms WL Marweiñ, Psychiatric Social Worker, District Mental Health Program (DMHP) spoke on the impact of drugs and the types of drugs and some of the treatment options available if a person falls into such situations. this is the apot.
This FSS is a central government scheme.
Besides the HNYF leaders, there were also people's leaders from different parts of the country who came to condole the death of this great leader of the HNYF. all gone.
Sunita Das and her husband Arabindra Kr.
Speaking to reporters after the 5th State Executive Committee meeting of the BJP at Assembly Hotel, BJP North East Leader and Finance Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said: He said that before the BJP won in Assam, Manipur and Arunachal Pradesh, there was a threat that if the BJP is elected, it will ban beef, convert Hindus and so on. , these do not happen at all.
Returning the hurdles run, Laitjem Cricket Club managed to complete the run at the end of the over in 19.5 runs but only 7 wickets were lost.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Sengkmie, in a statement sent by Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Sengkmie, has expressed its concern to receive information from our fellow citizens who have suffered in such cases. They lose out on government assistance just because they don't have an Aadhar card.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah RB Shadap, President of RBDSA, in the presence of other dignitaries, including Samla Mission Tron, Bah SI Pamshong, President of Umsaw Nongbri Sports Club; Bah Pull Nongrum and other elders.
The militant group, which operates in the border areas, regularly posts announcements on the website Facebook where it publishes articles and announcements.
She said that this training in mystery work is very important because many houses have been built without proper inspection.
He said that at this meeting he was elected as vice president, but after there was a dispute over the post of president between Balen and Kyrshan he could not take over the post until the two cases are resolved. reach an understanding.
The falls is beautifully unique in nature among the rest of the falls in Khasi Jaintia Hills.
Ma Lawyerson War said that the Raja gave his jait to his mother from the Rymbai clan after his father married and after the death of the Raja's mother.
Speaking at the meeting, NRAO&DA office bearers, including Bah Wanteibor Makri General Secretary NRAO&DA and others, expressed their sorrow and condolences to those who claimed to be leaders of the HYC, who was involved in shaking hands with their President.
This one talks about the minor diseases that have happened and come out of our country.
The Government of India, or the State Government, has not imposed these rules, to prohibit the entry and exit of the villages, but to prohibit the lymbung in any place, or what is called social. distance and then prohibits the entry of people living outside the State and thus closes the gate at the borders, so that foreigners cannot enter at all; However, the rules prohibiting the entry and exit of Mawkhar, Mission Compound and Qualapatty are not valid.
We see that if the price of food items rises, the people ask where the civil society organizations are, if the electricity goes out, they look for you and this shows that they turn to you more than the leaders they have elected,” said Bah Wellbirth.
We strongly urge the Government to set up a Judicial Inquiry to verify and clarify the incidents regarding this police shooting which can no longer be imagined by the people of the state.
• We strongly urge all those involved in this ongoing bloodshed to stop these terrible acts.
Sadly, however, foolish Christians believe that this action of the government is to destroy the Christian faith.
Martin M.Danggo, the new President of the NPP Ranikor Block, in his speech, said that to bring the party to the goal of victory is through the party. working together, understanding and respecting each other.
The poor have lived in sorrow, They have suffered for food and drink.
However, it was Nicholas Bandurak who scored for the whole team to give GB a 4-2 lead.
The Special Court today released the Tamil Nadu Minister of Higher Education and the DMK leader. K Ponmudi in connection with the incident of allegedly stealing government land using forged documents.
Please note that the Reservation Policy has not yet been passed by the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly and it is still difficult to amend it.
You can still see the beauty of nature even though the barben forests are no longer there.
In these days, it has been seen that the GNLA has launched a continuous campaign in Garo Hills and within four days it has planted dozens of IED bombs across Garo Hills.
Thus the time has come for this generation today to fulfill what the Word of God has spoken.
Shillong: U BJP MLA Sanbor Shullai has sent a letter to the Union Minister.
Speaking to media, the MLA said that the talks between the two governments of Assam and Meghalaya are ongoing and therefore he appeals to the people not to to intimidate or create any disturbance and to create the means to bring peace and order among the residents.
This allocation has ended and now the Hima has not allocated but has appointed the employees of the Hima.
The political system demands participation in democracy.
The second Test between India and Australia will be played in New Delhi tomorrow.
Others who attended the celebration included George Wanroi Biam, Officer Incharge, Apex Bank, Jaintia Hills Region and the staff of Childline who performed songs and dances.
They have bought land in Happy Valley, Madanrting and Laitkor.
We don't remember that in the past few days, the load shedding was twice a day.
They also urged the police not to stop the investigation into the incident in Ichamati which resulted in the death of an elderly man and to arrest more people involved in the incident. the life of another man from Sohra.
He also compared that the singing and dancing industry in this age is like an election, because there are many singers, while getting love from the people is very difficult.
John 1:4, “In him was life, and the life was the light of men”.
Despite the tensions with Canada in recent days, India has urged Canada to monitor the situation in the country and to strive to protect against the threats posed by attacks on places of worship of Indian Hindu communities.
Alok Verma can leave for work but cannot take any difficult decisions, the court said.
He said that the Society will try to implement this Ginger Processing Unit and the Society expects that through this project it will benefit not only the members of the Society but especially for the “If it can be done as planned, it will be of benefit to the sying farmers in Ri Bhoi,” he added.
He also thanked the Fathers, Sisters and all those who have taken part in the development of this school.
According to the Waheh Shnong, the Dorbar Shnong has already sent a letter to the Dalmia Company since November 2021 and directed the company not to bring garbage to the company inside the village. He said that the garbage was brought from Silchar, Guwahati, Mizoram, Agartala and other places.
However, politics should not be taken advantage of on this issue and the decision should be fair and transparent,” said Leader of the Opposition in the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly, Radhakrishna Vikhe-Patil.
At the time of the Government's first announcement of the Covid-19 pandemic, the entire state was filled with panic and the people of many churches were filled with fear.
Charles said that a meeting has been held between the Superintendent of Police of Ri-Bhoi District and the Superintendent of Police of Hamren West Karbi Anglong on this issue. The patrolling of the CRPF in this area has caused panic among the people and this has disrupted the movement of the people in the area.
However, as the days go by, it seems that this jain kyrshah is beginning to disappear with respect especially among the young women. Many people say that they don't like it. good if you wear a dress.
She said that her meeting with the leaders of BAM-JH was filled with great joy especially with the President of BAM-JH Yoosar Kynjing who encouraged her to continue to showcase this talent. which encourages other young people of Ri-Lum Jaiñtia.
The Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij 12- Daloi wishes a happy Behdieñkhlam to the children of the Seiñraij Jowai who live all over the country.
Only T.50 will be charged.
Along with the distribution of platforms with the workers who organized the strike, leaders of the BJP, Left parties and Congress parties took part in supporting the strikes of the applicants against the strike. on the existence of corruption arising out of appointments in state-run schools.
This evening, a storm has struck across the state, causing injuries to many residents as well as damage to houses and fields.
Where is the UDP at such times when the blood of the country is being shed? It has reached the point of losing a human life, but no one from this Seng Riewlum has come forward to express his condolences to his fellow citizens and to demand an immediate investigation into this tragic incident.
“The Nongstoiñ Catholic Church has no knowledge of the 'Priest Consecration' in Langñiuh Village (a village near Mawtikhar and Rikhen).
The Governor also expressed his concern over the increasing number of rape cases in the state which has never happened in his childhood and while he was studying.
Quoting the newspaper, Zenith said that Bah Ransom, Executive Engineer of PWD (Building) and Dr WR Kharkukhi, MP of Rajya Sabha and President of NPP, recently held a meeting of the party in North Shillong Constituency.
However, MLA Bah Syiemlieh said that the existing staff cannot provide adequate services due to the large number of people and the large area.
The ideology of the recognition of the Khasi language is no longer a new topic. Hajom Kissor Singh, Manager, Unitarian Free School, and Samuel Shalam, Headmaster Jowai, wrote a letter to the Director of Public Instruction, Assam on 8th June request the government to change the way Khasi students are asked questions in the Upper Primary examinations, because Bengali and Assamese students are asked questions in their own language, and answers in their own language but Khasi children are asked questions in English and want to answer in English.
In the past 10 months, the number of cases of coronavirus in India has risen to more than 3 lakh per day since 22nd June, with 314,835 new cases per day.
Speaking on the Uniform Civil Code (UCC), she said that even the draft document of the UCC has not been made public so it is not clear how and in what way it will affect the state.
Speaking on the occasion, Hek said he had met with the fish buyers and sellers under the banner of the Fish Retailers and Wholesalers Association who expressed their views on this issue.
“What is the benefit of appointing these Chairman, what is their contribution to the development of the state,” said Bah Ardent.
Even in the churches, the dress shows that unique and dignified image of women.
Elviorika M.Sohkhlet (60+9 minutes) scored the second goal for H Elias Secondary School to qualify for the final. Ridalin Suting (60+11) scored the second goal.
Leningatar Rymbai President JSM, said that the lack of leaders in the ADCs and Assemblies has led to the problems faced by the indigenous people especially in the trade in the state due to the inability to curb foreigners and benami. which has encouraged foreigners to become leaders in all kinds of jobs.
India aims to meet 30% of its electricity needs through thorium by
Speaking on Child Labor under the Constitution of India, she said that Article 24 of the Constitution of India has made it clear that no children shall be employed under the Constitution of India. 14 years in industries that may harm the health of a child.
What is the most precious gift God has given to man? The most precious things that God has given to man are the body, the soul and the spirit.
Lambok also informed the Symbud Myntri Rangbah that drug addicts should be treated as patients and the Government needs to set up Rehabilitation/De-addiction Centers in Many villages in Shillong.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 30: The invasion of Assam government personnel on Saturday last month in the villages of Langpih sector, has caused a lot of concern and inconvenience to the people living in Langpih sector. this area.
According to the sellers, there are two types of shyiap, shyiap lum and shyiap water and the price of these shyiap is T.600 per trailer.
He congratulated Natasha B Blah and Snienbha Suchiang who have received the First Twenty rank which has brought glory not only to the school, but to their family and the district as a whole.
The Cabinet has also approved the repeal of the Rajat Lal University Act by repealing the Rajat Lal University Act. , 2011.
“We request the State Government and the Prime Minister Narendra Modi as we have already sent a letter to increase the honorarium and to pay salary for 12 months but not only for 10 months.
“He was in custody and at about 9:30 pm, a guard visited him and found him lying on the floor,” said Siddarth Ambedkar, Superintendent of Police, East Garo Hills.
Samuel has a Facebook page called Nihilanand, which has hundreds of followers, where he posts articles against the birth parents.
which was in the church.
After investigation, police arrested Junel Tongper from Lumphyllut village, Umkiang, East Jaintia Hills on the 4th of July.
He said the Association wants to clarify and the Fisheries and Health Department should send a team of inquiry from Andhra Pradesh.
“This non-payment (of salaries to teachers) has resulted in the misuse of billions of rupees in this Government.
More than 500 youths of the area were invited to receive the benefits prepared by the Sports & Youth Affairs Department.
“It is suspected that these slogans were written on the wall in the morning or evening so that the ministers and the chief minister could see these slogans against the government and the demand for the implementation of ILP in the state.
He said that as human beings we need to transport the sick to get treatment from better hospitals.
The Waheh Shnong of Pamrapaithlu, Ma Leningstar Rymbai, said that this is the second time that an MDC has donated foodgrains to the residents of Pamrapaithlu.
Samla Albert Maring said that he has no special political relationship with these leaders but it is his view that they are leaders who are quick to come forward for the people.
“I have evidence to show that there are many factories, which have set fire to the factory site and that there are MeECL officials, who are involved in this,” he said. When he opened the meter boxes of 10 factories, the electricity was stolen and distributed to the factories.
This is what happens in every election.
It was also shown how the money of nearly 1 billion tyngka was spent in honor of the people who were involved in helping, broadcasting, hotel fees, payments to musicians, dancers and others. expenditure - income and expenditure.
On the other hand, the leader of the Kharbuki Kur said that the Kur has not yet understood that such a tragedy will happen in their Kur.
He said the government will also use some of the land which has not been used by government departments to build parking lots.
At the same time, Sangma said that the market will be open only in Ampati, Kalaichar and Katli for the time being.
Speaking on the occasion, the Mawlai MLA said that the news of shortening the age limit for government jobs has affected the youth who are willing to contest for government jobs especially in the police department.
If the dam is closed, we will die.
India has called a shutdown from March
On the 15th, Mootyrchiah will play against Chutwakhu at 11:30 pm.
Within 24 hours, the tournament has become the most popular tournament in India, beating Garena Free Fire.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The Khan Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) has strongly condemned the attack by the KHADC Enforcement and journalists on foreign traders while they were completing their work. This happened on Tuesday, 25th November.
In the match between Khimusniang and Sabah Muswang, the match was very close from the beginning of the first half to the end of the second half, but in the 77th minute, the goalkeeper of Khimusniang scored the first goal of the match. Jeffrey Litting scored the first goal for Khimusniang to make it 1-0
Dr. John Roberts was a member of the Welsh Mission which was allowed to work in our country with the permission of the British Government.
At the same time, he urged the HNCL to reconsider its decision and continue the peace talks.
He said that this action of the government and the health department has shown that they despise the people of the area and the area as a whole.
Therefore, you should use clean water to wash your hands and boil the water thoroughly before drinking.
According to the order, the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jowai has complained that the garbage from households and other garbage hidden in Jowai has not been collected from Jowai since 04th June.
“I am saying this not only as the Prime Minister but as a person from Tiruvarur district where the government will not give permission for mining,” he said.
She said that in her service as an MDC, she has encouraged the women of various Village Organizations to come forward, because in the past they did not dare to come forward because they were afraid of being criticized. , the speech, the ridicule, the humility, what do others see when women come forward but the glory belongs to the brave women who come forward to work for the society to contribute their services. , especially as one of the leaders of the District Council of Umsning, she has also been able to pass the Land Bill where the people can register their land at the District Council which is a great achievement and pride for the people. the state.
It was after 1800 that the Lyngngam began to see money when they went to market in Dkhar.
Babeto Lamare became the top scorer of the Medical XI after scoring a hat-trick by scoring four goals in the 8th, 43rd, 45th and 50th minutes.
Thirty-four people have recovered and are undergoing treatment at various hospitals in the state.
Shangpliang, who left Shillong on 16th June, 2023 and is currently in France to attend the Cannes Film Festival, will leave the country on the 23rd of this month.
“The petition can be appealed after the Governor has approved the Bill,” he said.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the State on Monday evening met with the Chief De-Mission of Japan, Kawazu Kunihiko, who came to the State to strengthen cooperation with the State Government in many areas.
“The officials of the department have promised to complete the water supply scheme by October 2017 and if it takes a little longer,” said the chairman of the PAC. Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Khasi Cultural and Social Service Society, one of the NGOs in Meghalaya, has been allocated Rs 43.5 crore for the implementation of Phase-IV. in improving their understanding of everyday life in any area that will bring about their mutual assistance and benefit.
Meanwhile, Shanmuganathan was also appointed as the Governor of the state in July
During her 60 years of religious service, Sister Mary Albert Edanad taught in many schools run by the RNDM in the former East Pakistan, Assam and Meghalaya.
The meeting with the BDO was also after receiving information that there is a plan to relocate the Block. Raja Brahma, who is the BDO, admitted that there is no such plan to relocate the block.
Khliehriat: The MPUF-EJHD (MPUF-EJHD) has found that a foreigner has illegally opened a shop in Ladrymbai area near Shillong and Jowai stands. which the foreigner had filled with lyer shet, in his own shop.
In the past few days, there have been rumors that the TMC MLAs have the intention to join the BJP but this has not been clear yet, as there is still a refusal from the top leaders. The BJP doesn't have anything like that.
Furthermore, that he may not become a slave of the devil forever in hell, when he shall be finally judged by the Judge of Heaven, the Lord Jesus Christ.
Because the BJP government in Delhi has allowed the Assam government to do whatever it wants, because in Assam the BJP can rule alone.
According to the Bible, this happened when Jesus and his disciples were traveling across the Sea of ​​Galilee away from the villages.
“Just go crazy.
After the approval of the EC, we send it to the Director of Printing and Stationery Department of the State to publish in the Meghalaya Gazette under paragraph 11 of the Sixth Scheduled which states that any rule approved by the Council may be sent to the Meghalaya Gazette. gazette," he said.
These oxygen plants will be installed in Nongstoin, Williamnagar, Baghmara and Ampati in the next two months.
The Gospel of Luke 13:12 tells of the healing of a woman who had been paralyzed for eighteen years: “And there was a woman who had a spirit of infirmity for eighteen years; it was broken and could not be fixed.
The UDP, the main opposition leader, has not yet announced how it will move a Non Confidence Motion (NCM) against the Speaker of the House, AT Mondal.
Aizawl: The BJP has promised to include the Mizoram language in the Eight Schedule of the Constitution if it wins the government in the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 3: The Sub-Divisional Police Officer (SDPO) Sohra, Bah Ian Swer, on Tuesday said that the rally of the VDPs will be held at Pynursla this year. This month at 11:30 pm at the Dorbar Hall.
He said that the pending recruitment of 1,010 posts has been filled last year to strengthen the Police Department.
Secretary : GC Dkhar
For the unity and compliance of the citizens to the guidelines and instructions of the Health Department and the Government.
Implement the law first and you will see where the shortcomings and shortcomings are.
In the incident, the robbers broke into the office of the Principal of the school and also broke into the CCTV camera of the school.
The investigation is ongoing.
Shillong, November 06: Shillong Lajong FC beat Churchill Brothers 2-0 in the I-League on Tuesday. at SSA Stadium.
' The children answered, 'Because Jesus died.
The HSPDP has expelled Pyniaid Sing Syiem MDC from Sohryngkham constituency after the mid-term elections.
His son, SP Charan, said that he died at 1.04 pm.
In 2008, the prediction of Bah BB Lyndoh came true, when foreigners infiltrated and raised the Pakistani Lama (artylli) in Udaigiri, Assam, with a slogan praising the Pakistani Lama. Pakistan.
The President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit said that the BJP stands on the basis of protecting the minorities, although there is something wrong with the law even if it is not. he is a lawyer, but he understands that when he does anything, he must look carefully and ask for an opinion on the law.
“If they do not comply or refuse to be summoned in the right manner, the Kur will not refuse to summon them to appear before the Executive Committee of the Kur if it is found that they have a name or involvement in this matter.
The party leader said that instead of urging the party to stop the protest, Purno should consider talking better with his party workers who are now angry with the party's ticket. The participation of foreigners in the MDC elections has upset them.
The most common kyiad used by the Khasi is 'Ïadum', 'Iad-hiar', 'Phudka', 'Rot' or 'Iad Thnam'
Meghalaya has completed its journey in the Vinoo Mankad Tournament this season with a victory against Mahrashtra.
Nangbah Village Council has decided to support Ma Lakhon Biam as the candidate for the 2023 MLA election from Raliang Constituency.
The people after coming and seeing the facts have understood and decided to give their strong support to this leader of the UDP who is and is indeed the golden and silver coin of the UDP. to Sohiong constituency.
In his resignation letter, the former leader expressed his gratitude to the BJP leaders including the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, John Barla and Union Minister Rituraj Sinha. Sanbor Shullai, AL Hek and other leaders who supported him during the last MLA elections.
He said that within two months since he took over as leader of the Congress party he has been able to register 3000 members and now the registration is going on until the 2018 elections. I don't want to register 7000 members by 2018, I don't want to register by writing my name but I want to explain to the people before they register. time" he said.
I don't know what happened to Ardent, what happened in Sudan, what happened on the English channel, what happened in Ukraine and so on.
Through the order of the High Court, it was learned that the state government has allocated T.97 crore for the construction of the road, but the work is still pending.
He said that if the law enforcement agencies do not take proper care of foreigners, it is exactly like putting at great risk the lives and livelihoods of the people of the State as a whole.
Another issue that almost all the residents urged the District Council to think again before holding this festival next year is the time.
The second prize went to Sankardev College with a cash prize of T.6,000 and a trophy for the drama “Who Wants to Think?”, while Shillong Commerce College won the second prize. She won the third prize with 4,000 tyngka and a trophy for the game “Wow Ka Apot!”.
The president of the LJP also urged the citizens of Meghalaya to be aware of their rights, to ask questions to the government on any issues that they are concerned about, not to accept money during elections because their votes are precious to elect clean and honest people to be MLAs or leaders.
"There are many devices in the heart of man, but the thoughts of the Lord are everlasting" (Proverbs 19:21). Let them try, for they have no place to put their treasure.
On the other hand, the AMKA leaders also honored these MLAs with traditional Karbi costumes and Momentos as a sign of their glorious victory in the last elections. AMKA President RR Ronghang, AMKA Assistant Secretary Phril Kleiñ, AMKA General Secretary Bistocan Timung, AMKA Advisor Bah O. Terang and other members of AMKA and the residents. Village.
Nongpoh, Nailur 23: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today staged a protest inside the Mahtma Gandhi University (KSU) to demand the increase in the price of certificates. Many students from the state have applied to the KSU for the protection of the university.
The funeral service will be held on the 14th of November at 9:00 am at Seinraij Jowai, Khimusniang.
To protect themselves, the police had to shoot the five persons.
Shillong, June 13: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday submitted a petition to the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah DP Wahlang to demand that the state government should resolve many of the issues. The implementation of the Roster System for the recruitment of jobs in various departments of the State Government through the Reservation Policy.
With this Jesus confirms what Amos had said, “I hate your feast days; I can't stand them! When ye offer your burnt offerings, I will not accept them...but sing with a loud voice; I don't want to hear your money.
He said that if it hadn't been for the violence of Bah Donbok Khymdeit, I don't think Rona Khymdeit, who is her sister, would have left the UDP to join the Congress, especially the departure of leading leaders and Ailong Pariat, Pynskhembor Sun, and others who disagree with the working of the UDP party. He said that the allegation that in He applied for ticket when he was President of KSU is wrong because he retired from KSU since 2011 and to say that I came to apply for ticket in 2014 after raising the flag in 2013 is wrong. Dr Donkupar Roy (Bam kwai ha dwar u Blei) came forward to apologize for his mistake in 2013 and as a leader Bah Donbok did not. well known before speaking to the media.
Therefore, as the remaining Pnars are the only ones left, they have expressed their desire to return to the border of Meghalaya.
“In this regard, UCIL has directed the Engineer to prepare a new estimate of T.20.31 crore.
The body was taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for post mortem and handed over to the family members.
If we look closely at the performance of Lahkmen Rymbui (UDP) after the resignation of James Sangma as Minister of Home Affairs, we see that the number of evils has increased. crimes against women and children, the increase in drug addicts and dealers, the illegal killing of indigenous people in Ichamati and Golflinks and so on.
Wansynshar Nongsiej of Mawkyrwat Sports Club won the top scorer by tying 264 runs while Aristerfield Lyngdoh of Rangmaw Sports Club won the top scorer. He was named Best Fielder after scoring 6 wickets.
In this regard, I would like to remind you of the contribution made by Riew Tymmen Hormu Roi Diengdoh (bam kwai ha dwar U Blei), on the song of our Seng. number 83 and the theme: "Minutes to Grow"
I hope the State Government will take action.
The meeting was conducted by the Secretary of SNSBH, Bah RL Blah and he requested the villages, especially the Rangbah Shnongs and Dorbar Shnongs to urge the residents to be calm.
She received support from the office bearers of the BJP Shella Mandal under the leadership of Kong Arena Hynniewta.
On that day they shall decide which way to go.
He came to the land of Israel.
Speaking to reporters, Bah CA Diengdoh said that he has been listening until these days, but the reason why he came forward to speak to the media is because he has admitted that all those who have been involved in the incident. accuse him are wrong and unfounded.
“We congratulate the people especially the people of Shillong who have worked together to hold a peaceful puka especially the Central Puja Committee, Rangbah Shnongs and Sengbhalang,” said the SP. they will work together.
The former EC had handed over to the contractor DG Marbaniang to build the office without calling for tender and without providing the drawings in proper manner.
Also present on the occasion were President Joel Marbaniang and Wallambok Iawphniaw.
The night curfew will be on the 11th and 12th of November, Friday and Thursday nights, he said. 8 pm and will end at 5 pm the following day.
Company, HO Kolkata has sold insurance policies to the people of Khliehriat area and these insurers should receive their money in
This village is located at Jingkieng Myntdu on the road from Jowai to Shillong. It has 35 households and its boundaries are to the east – Caroline Dorbar Shnong, west to Wah Mynkrem, east to Liar Kam Kam and south. – Iawmusiang Village Council.
He urged the students to set an example and spread the message about the harmful effects of tobacco in order to win against tobacco.
Sometimes when the traffic stops, they arrive at the village until two and three o'clock in the morning, but they have to endure even in these difficulties.
In India, the number of cases has risen to 39,980 and the death toll to 1,301 in India with 83 deaths in the past 24 hours.
When asked whether the NPP is ready to cooperate with the Congress in the government, he said, “Since previous years, the NPP has shown signs that it is ready to cooperate with the Congress”. Mrs. Apparen.
U Bah Rana, said that when he finds the cows, he will hand them over to the police.
Shillong, Nailur 26: The Akashvani Sangeet Sammelan, which was held on 24th November 2016, was held on the 24th of November , was held in 24 cities of Shillong.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) today donated tins to Makathiang Makdoh Secondary School. Training camp for children in Umpowin village, Mawlasnai area.
The State Government should think carefully about the future of the youth in this age because without turning around the youth cannot refuse to do small jobs just to escape hunger and often they fall into unemployment. aijam to the riewthok riewshukor who are quick to call young job seekers who are quick to spend money just to get a job in any open field.
The video is 40 seconds long and shows the fish gathering in the house of a man.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Chamberlain Lyngdoh, President of the Kur.
When asked about the meeting between NPP National President Conrad K Sangma and NEDA Convenor Himanta Biswa Sarma on June 28 in Guwahati, Hek said there was nothing wrong. There is no difficulty in negotiating with any political party or leaders to form a Government, but the party itself will decide who will form the Government.
Patna: Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar has said that the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) will win the elections. More than 4,000 members in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
This reporter has spoken to several patients from the CHC and these villagers who came from villages farther away from Pynursla such as Lapalang, expressed their regret that they have been forced to take medicines from the CHC. I went to Pynursla by car.
Israel has bombed Damascus and the airport in Aleppo in Syria, according to recent reports. Its bombing of Syria in the coming days.
The injured were identified as Krinsingh Lyngdoh, 53, of Mawlangdep, who was also the driver of the Private Alto 800, while the other was identified as Siion L Nongrang, of Mawkawah. .
Carol Christians are closed; Foreign tourists are open, They say they are protecting against Covid-19.
In a statement, the president of the party, Bah Kharjana, said that the party has already submitted 11 demands to the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma and also to the Minister of Social Welfare. by Deborah C Marak.
There are about 9 households in the village who have been cut off electricity since 1st July 2015, but these households have been cut off since that date. they are still receiving monthly electricity bills that show, as they are burning and using electricity.
She said that the PIL on the implementation of the Roster System shows that it is an attempt to stir up the water which has already been flooded and for that reason the complaint should be dismissed.
Nongpoh, June 27: After receiving complaints from the people and dealers of rice in Ri Bhoi Sepngi, regarding the shortage of kilos of rice ration distributed by the government, today the leaders of the Khaw RBYF, Western Zone, has met with the Inspector of Supply Department, Ri-Bhoi District, to find out the reason for the shortage of ration.
What is shocking is that in the past few days, we have seen reports of niut ki nier from Jowai coming to Marten.
“We want to fully implement this project and therefore I urge the Village Authorities to work together with the government and if they need any assistance from the government it is immediate so that we can develop better than the villages.
“It is foolish for anyone to blame these people, because when there is any instability in the state, no matter who he is, the law will do whatever is necessary and whatever they do. and it shall be within the law.
When asked whether the child will be tested for the corona virus, AL Hek said that according to the rules of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the child will also have to be tested. examination, you will have to por.
However, the CAA bans them because it does not include refugees from Myanmar.
" I will organize myself, I will bring order in society, I will strengthen society in peaceful behavior, strong character “Then society will be able to fight itself and create a strong economy for India.
The arrested and suspended police officer said that the cases lodged against him were kept secret and not disclosed, but he requested RTI to know who they are. cases charged against him.
Boys’ Hr.Sec.School, class XII.
The 3×3 Basketball Championship will be held from 22nd to 24th November,
According to information received through RTI from the State Environment Impact Assessment Authority (SEIAA) in letter No. SEIAA/GEN/-9/2013/11 dated 8 July Environmental Clearance has not been issued in Amlarem.
Therefore, tourism is one of the most important industries in the world and there is no country where tourism has been neglected or ignored. .
He was brought to judgment, He stood alone before the council, The witnesses of the Lord were not found, But He was condemned.
Therefore, the purpose of writing this book is that after seeing the demand and need of many people especially in the rural areas for books to help them especially in Our service to God, so this young man took this opportunity to work hard to write this book.
After the struggle for independence from the rule of the Assam government, the Hill State leaders swore to fight until they get a full state. On 21st July 1972 we got our own state, and after we got our own state, the Parliament of the country has amended para 12A in the Sixth Schedule to abolish the The power of the Sixth Schedule means that if the laws made by the District Council and the laws made by the State Government conflict with the laws of the State Government, they shall stand.
Midfielders: Hardy Cliff Nongbri (Meghalaya) , F.Lalrohlua (Mizoram), Phrangki Buam (Meghalaya) Freestar Kharbangar (Meghalaya), Lalawmpuia Hnamte (Mizoram), Samuel James Lyngdoh Kynshi (Meghalaya).
Let us turn to Him who can teach as Jesus told His disciples in the Gospel according to Matthew 11:29 (learn from me...).
Mawkyrwat, 'Naitung 19: Ka Kynhun Leh Ssynei Lem (KLIL) one of the groups which has been involved in many good deeds for the people in need this time has left to encourage together Donation to a family where one of their children was electrocuted in Mawkohphet village, South West Khasi Hills District.
He said that now the thefts have decreased, after they built the shops with silver, earlier many shops were still built with wood and it is easier for the thieves to rob the shops.
Shortly after receiving a tip about the abduction, police rushed to the scene to take necessary action and conduct a search operation around the district to find the victim. Imphal West SP Shivakanta Singh said that the police have arrested the student.
The State Secretary, Nibiang Sumer, said that there are more than 5,000 students in 44 departmental departments at the university. the Vice-Chancellor of this school.
In the complaint, the Congress leader demanded that Sarma should be prosecuted for his insults which could lead to violence.
The Chief Secretary, Government of Meghalaya also approved the proposal to direct the department and officers in charge of the project to hold a meeting to discuss the works done and to be done. (review) in which officers of Government departments and Chief Executive Members of the project together with officers of Soil, Tourism and others will be present to ensure the smooth running of the project.
He said the party hopes to reach the goal of victory in this constituency.
For the first time in the history of the Thomas Cup (Badminton), India's men's team won the title by beating 14-time world champion Indonesia in Bangkok. Thailand.
Prestone said the police raided his house after receiving accurate information because without evidence and without accurate information they cannot go blindly just because of an order or order. He said that the police are doing their duty after a thorough investigation into the matter.
The distribution method is as follows: AAY will be distributed at 5 kg per head only to those who do not have AAY Ration Card and PHH will be distributed at 5 kg per head only to those who do not have PHH Ration Card. DC (Supply) has also released the dai for the month of June,
Also present at the meeting was Ma Pyrkhat Shylla, Adviser of the Seng in the District.
Royson sold 40 buses to pay the debt to the bank.
