Also present were Bah T.Marweiñ, Treasurer of MDSA, Bah P.Wanniang, General Secretary of MDSA who also spoke on the occasion. to their own groups.
The future of our State or Nation will depend on the example we set in giving our heritage without the knowledge we have.
At the meeting, the Sengbhalang announced that they will continue their protest for 10 days at the Council grounds.
He also encouraged all households to implement the three ideas of the letter “R” (Reduce, Re-use and Re-cycle) in relation to the disposal of waste from households. to reduce the burden of the Tura Municipal Board.
Amlarem Social Club opened the scoring in the 16th and 25th minutes through Tori Jungai, followed by Iaiddakyrmen Jungai in the 57th minute and Tiplang Rasmut in the 57th minute. 62nd.
A child or disciple (Shishya) has to stay with a Teacher (Guru) not only to be taught to read but also to know and follow the lifestyle of the Guru.
They were directed to visit each village, to meet with the residents and leaders of the Autonomous District Councils and other groups to understand the wishes of the people living in the area. write accurate information regarding the distance of villages to the Administrative Units.
At present, the team is currently ranked 17th in the FIFA world rankings; Germany and Iraq are in 67th place.
Shillong, June 29: The ruling United Democratic Alliance (UDA) in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to support the border settlement between Meghalaya and Meghalaya. Assam and refused to join the Council in filing a lawsuit against the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between Meghalaya and Assam.
Deng's job is also enough but to get money at a young age puts him in temptation,” said the mother. slave," said the son. "When he grows up, he will find a job," said the mother.
This is the first incident in Assam.
People have seen him being born and grow up in India.
If it can do so, perhaps within five years Meghalaya will become one of the states that can produce the most talented players in the country.
Because you need to take care of it.
However, as it is, we have not yet received any final decision from them," he said, adding, it is better for you to ask face to face so that you can get clarification (from both).
However, it is necessary to think about the future of the future generation, because when the forests are no longer affected by the environment, the streams are drying up, the rivers are getting smaller and the time will come when not only and the water to drink was difficult to get.
“We have thought carefully that the protest should have the fruit of victory and it is on that basis that we have decided to hold talks (with the officers of the Assam Government) so that the fire does not spread to Assam as it has done. “It happened yesterday when we were confronted with the announcement of the Assam Mazdoor Petroleum Union (AMPU) to stop the import of petrol to Meghalaya,” said Bah Dkhar.
These two rivers, which die from the Kynshi River (which is the Kynshi River itself), when they flow a long way, meet at the foot of the Dewlynnong and, when they meet again and flow further downstream, they become The valley, which is larger and more beautiful, is called the Lynshiang Valley.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Brightstar urged the Mihmyntdu Catholic Association to continue to work for the welfare of the residents and the community.
The High Powered Committee is likely to consider the proposal of the Ministry of Education this month.
As I have said all along, it would be better for this Lat to step down from this post, otherwise, the protest to remove him will intensify.
This is after the Garo Sengbhalang held a protest in Shillong to demand that the State Government should reconsider the MoU signed with the Assam Government on the 29th. Lber to end the border dispute between the two states.
“We don't want to contest the MDC elections, we want to strengthen the powers of the District Council, to exercise the powers of Article 7 of the Constitution,” Passah told reporters.
The song is composed by Mr. Ton Nongbri, the singer for the Khasi tyngshop is Mr. Ton Nongbri and the voice for the puron is Miss Daphinia Santafee Kharshanlor. .
The new cases include EGH: 5, EJH: 5, EKH: 241, NGH: 1, RBD: 36, SGH: 2, SWKH: 10, WGH: 38, WJH: 48 and WKH: .
“The economy of the Khasi-Pnar people in the past decade has increased mainly due to the establishment and opening of the Capital of Assam-East Bengal in Shillong. in the year
Dr Lyngdoh said that his term as president of the MPCC has not ended and in the past few days he has been busy with household chores where he has not been able to take part in the meeting. AICC in-charge Meghalaya Manish Chatrath on Tuesday said that the appointment of the MPCC President will be at the discretion of the AICC. Shillong: U Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition, today announced that he will issue Inner Line Permit in the state. Speaking to reporters, Dr Mukul Sangma said it is the responsibility of the MDA government to provide ILP to the state.
On Sunday at 10.00 pm the service was conducted by Rev LS.Pohkshang Moderator Pnar Thor Sepngi Presbytery and the message from the Word of God was distributed by Rev IS Majaw.
So far, there are more than 40 lakh people who have been recognized as citizens by the state government as doubtful about their citizenship. District of Uttar Pradesh.
Igor Konashenkov, in a Facebook post.
“We don't know what will happen to their future at this time when the NEP is only a small gift at present.
There was also a warning that anyone who violates this order will be punished according to the rules of law.
If the government doesn't want to tell or tries to hide those things, then there is something hidden behind this.
KOLKATA: After the glorious victory of the TMC in the last MLA elections, many former leaders of the party, who have joined the BJP, want to return to the party. TMC: One of them is Sarala Murmu, who has been eager to return to the ruling party in West Bengal.
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) has elected the new Deputy Chairman after the resignation of Bah Alvin Sawkmie, MDC of the NPP from Mawsynram constituency. , JSU and JPWO have found delays in the implementation of various development schemes at Nartiang Durga Temple.
The body of Namera was taken by the police for post mortem. Her relatives also arrived from Rongjeng to collect the body.
“I went to Delhi.
In the first meeting of the Committee, which was set up by the Government to discuss the roster system.
Among these MLAs, HDR Lynsoh is the Minister of State in charge of DCA while Shullai is the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.
In the volleyball match, the final match was between Mawkhyrwang SC and Mawsaiñ SC and Mawkhyrwang SC won the title by 3-1 sets.
They have received information that 14 villages have been affected by the incident.
Speaking on the programme, the Chief Minister said that the shortage of foodgrains has led to the loss of livelihood for the farmers across Garo Hills.
This year there is a difference in the world, where the pandemic has broken out and we have to keep a distance from each other (or the isolation of ourselves in the wilderness as we used to do in the past) to prevent the spread of the disease. the spread of the disease.
Earlier, there was a friendly match between FKJGP Mawlai Circle and FKJGP Sengkmie won.
Earlier, the residents of Purakhasia had to go to Dalu C&RD Block which put them in many difficulties.
However, the Chief Minister and Deputy Chief Minister continue to claim that they are the only ones who can resolve the border disputes for 50 years. She has been able to attract some MDCs and MLAs to her party, which is the party that has the best people, especially the actresses in the movies.
In India, especially here in our country, the leaders of the people are only his right hands or brokers.
On the other hand, Bah Renikton urged the people of Mawkyrwat area not to misunderstand this road, as as a leader he will continue to monitor the demand for the construction of the road from Mawphlang to Ranikor via Mawkyrwat. .
Your family has killed you.
They won't go anywhere.
Therefore, the residents, who are keen to improve education, urge the authorities in charge of the education department of the government, to turn around and provide assistance.
“Therefore, I will take a decision on this, and if the people are willing to give their support and trust, I am ready to take over whether it is MLA or MDC,” he said.
But how canst thou tolerate these wicked men? Your eyes are too pure to see evil, and you cannot bear to see those who do wrong.
The internet shutdown has been extended for another five days across the state.
We have never heard of any punishment for the employment of children,” said James.
The election campaign program of Lakhon Biam was held at Madanpynkai Nongbah (Masi Square) where thousands of supporters of Lakhon Biam attended the rally with joy and happiness.
“Why can't the department improve the annual tuition fees paid by private schools, at the same time, which receive assistance from the Government,” he asked.
After Croatia scored this goal, the game turned around and became more interesting as Japan struggled to score another goal, but until the end of the minute. Both the teams didn't score any more goals and after extra time both the teams strengthened their team and the game ended and had to play through the penalties.
Although this smuggling has continued especially during the heavy rainfall, the BSF troops have worked hard to curb this smuggling.
Lambokstar Marngar, Kitborlang Nongrem and Forwardman Nongrem President KSU South West Khasi Hills gave speeches of encouragement and encouragement to the children. Members of KSU Mawkyrwat Circle and the public who came to support the players of both the teams.
On the other hand, the NPP would like to congratulate the MDA government for its speed and hard work in addressing these issues.
Only the losses are so great that we turn around until it is terrible to see.
“The ILP requires another person to get permission to enter the state.
In a letter sent to Manseng A Sangma, Assistant General Secretary, NESO, Mukul Sangma assured the Garo Hills Sangma that the government will take strong action against those involved in the crime. the law until the death of Balsan if it is found to be true.
“It is a matter of great regret to the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people that a leader of the people is involved in the rape of a child as he has claimed and who has been charged under the POCSO Act,” said the letter. the prime minister.
Let us decide together to reject the political parties that support and associate with the religious groups who want to turn independent India into a Hindu country.
Embhahlang requested the DC to allow him to park two shaka in this area, so that he can fill his household and it will be safe for the people. the movement of the people.
The meeting was held to elect new office bearers of the party and also requested the unit to send 10 members to attend the meeting.
In very little time, these reforms began to pay off.
Also present were the headmaster of the school, Anthony Pohrmen, teachers, students and others.
He came to take away the sins of all mankind by paying the penalty on the cross.
It is necessary to listen to the voice of the people and at the same time to work hard and show by our actions.
He said that 95% of the cow market in Khanapara are foreigners, so HUAM demands that the foreigners should not provide employment to the foreigners.
The award for the Best Cooperative Society was awarded to Mukhap Handloom & Handicraft Co-operative Society, West Jaintia Hills District.
The top two teams from each group will qualify for the semifinals.
Kumar Sangakkara will continue to serve as Director of Cricket for Rajasthan Royals in the IPL. and also as the chief executive officer of the team to be assisted by Trevor Penney.
Similarly, Kong Teilinia said that as the people, we need leaders who are willing to meet and discuss any issues they face.
It happened that the word of God would be fulfilled.
Meanwhile, DS Group, which has signed a contract to build a 240 megawatt thermal project at Nangalbibra in South Garo Hills district, has disappeared.
There is also a need to flee to Meghalaya immediately.
The Government has linked this scheme to nine other benefits that land dealers can receive.
Shillong, Jymmang 21:The Catholic Parish Sohra on Tuesday 18th June, 2015 at Mawkma Village, Sub-District Laitryngew, Parish Sohra. and the office of the District Medical Officer, Shillong, Laitryngew PHC, together with a team of doctors under the leadership of Dr GT Passah.
The meeting was organized by the Don Bosco Past Pupils' Association (DBPPAS) in the presence of Rev. Fr Gorge Maliekal, SDB, Provincial Silchar Province, who was the chief guest. In his speech, he said that for this celebration, the DBPPAS should organize programs to build up the youth and to avoid, He said that the State is now in a state of crisis due to the lack of leadership and another is due to the violence of insurgency. He showed many reasons for the backwardness of the family and therefore called on the DBPPAS to bring peace and order in the areas where there is conflict these days.
After this, the team added two more goals before the end of the first half, through Fedilia Lamare (28') who scored after several missed chances.
Shillong, Nailur 17: The KSU Laitkor has invited the people of Laitkor to support Banskhem Kharkongor from Laitkor who has reached the Top 10 of the Meghalaya Dance Competition.
New Delhi: The Indian government may extend the curfew for another two months after 31st June to curb the spread of Coronavirus.
The day will begin with a Holy Mass at 10:00 pm by the Apostolic Nuncio of the Vatican to India and Nepal, Most Rev. Leopoldo Girelli in the presence of the Archbishop of Shillong. Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh and three newly consecrated Bishops of Nongstoin Diocese, Most Rev. Wilbert Marweiñ, Bishop of Jowai Diocese, Most Rev. Ferdinand Dkhar and Auxiliary Bishop. Most Rev. Joachim Walder of the State of Aizawl.
At the same time, the GSU said that if the Government wants to review the Job Reservation Policy, it should appoint a Special Retired/Sitting Judge of the Supreme Court so that it can comply with the rules. The Constitution of the country does not provide for the backwardness and shortage of leaders.
He said that the live IED bomb was found in the house of the child who was suspected to be involved in planting the bomb.
Ray and Arvind Kumar of Assam were arrested in Swift Dezire under Regn No. AS-04-J-0
The union said that this collection of money from coal trucks is every night especially from those who carry illegally without Challan.
Together with the people Jesus Christ fought to free mankind from oppression and to establish heaven here on earth.
Shillong, November 24: Bah Justine Sohphoh and her vehicle (ML05 Y-7258), resident of Riat Laban Football Block-A, have gone missing since 16th November, 2023 at about At 6:00 pm, I was on my way from Tura to Shillong.
Kierran Tripper scored the first goal for England in the first five minutes of the match from a shot free kick from the opposite side. cold; However, England didn't do well and Croatia scored the first goal in the 68th minute.
Speech was also delivered by JK Tariang, President of the Khasi Seng Samla, Bah Reynold Ranee, General Secretary Bah Batskhem Dohtdong and other speakers.
Also present on the occasion were the Executive Member of the Elaka Department, Bah Jambor War, other EMs including Macdalyn Sawkmie Mawlong, Grace Kharpuri, Rangkynsai Kharbuki, Pynïaid Sing Syiem, Ministers and Dignitaries. of the Kingdom.
The Minister of State for Revenue, James PK Sangma, today sent a statement to the media to announce that he will take action to repeal the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act. 2021, because this act will affect the state.
“If the President of the country confirms that she will come, which may be confirmed in the next 24 hours, we will be able to invite her to lay the foundation stone for the construction of the Shillong Ropeway Project,” he said. state.
He said that the Union has also requested the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District to talk to the District Administration of West Karbi Anglong District not to allow any protest on the border issues. If the Karbi people are still free without any restrictions, even the Khasi people will not be able to hold a protest because there are many issues that need to be discussed on the border issues. They have respected only the orders of the two governments in order to ensure the smooth running of the border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam in this second phase.
Khliehriat, Nailur 22: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) East Jaintia Hills District today submitted a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, reminding them of their demand for the G.R. Infra to build and install ornamental railing barricades on the footpaths constructed by the road construction company GR Infra from Dkhiah to Khliehriat.
The Director I/C, NIT Meghalaya, Prof. Ayon Bhattacharjee, who opened the photo exhibition today.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said that this change is in accordance with the rules of the Central Government, in order to bring peace to the buildings and to bring about the rights of the land owners. a small area and others.
The Pradhan Mantri TB Mukt Bharat Abhiyaan (PMTBMBA), is a new campaign launched by the President of India on 9th November 2022, involving private sector, political parties, NGOs, Corporations can come forward to look after TB patients for six months and if necessary for up to three years to support them with nutrition or diagnostics, vocational training and other areas, Senior Treatment Supervisor, Khliehriat TU, Bah Linus Mannar and Medical Health Officer Incharge Khliehriat CHC, Khliehriat CHC, and Dr Salsan Momin.
Nikelson Bina scored the first goal for Meghalaya in the 3rd minute followed by Figo Syndai who scored the second goal in the 3rd minute. 27 and five minutes later, Figo Syndai scored the third goal in the 32nd minute.
However, the police station in Pynursla is very helpful and friendly to the people.
Hameshaniah Suiam, who represented the state in kickboxing, came fifth.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: The United Democratic Party (UDP) and the HSPDP on Tuesday revived the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) for the preparation of the Lok Sabha elections. to be next year.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, he said that he would like to visit and meet face to face with all the supporters, but due to his busy schedule he has not been able to do so. to the places within the constituency where the public meets.
Such people, instead of uniting the country, to maintain the secular nature of India, try to divide India and the state in the name of religion, which can bring about communal conflict in our country.
Therefore, the union appeals to the public that if they encounter such frauds, they should come forward so that the union can move forward to eradicate this evil.
He said that Meghalaya is rich in language and through its dialects and customs which preserve its identity.
The KSU also urged the DC to ensure that a survey is conducted in this area. The DC said that this area falls under the Revenue Department and it is the department to conduct and submit a report to it.
Acknowledging that Congress leaders have come to try to overthrow the government, Lambor said, “They have come to invite us but we have not accepted.
Batskhem works and lives at the house of Bhalang Shylla in Khliehriat.
Speaking at the meeting before announcing him as the candidate, Don Sumer said that he has a goal to develop Ri-Bhoi and the constituency as a whole if the people elect him.
Shillong: Malki FC Ousseynou Kamara scored the first goal for Malki FC but Langsning FC managed to turn the tide by four goals to win the title. The Shillong Premier League 2018 will be played on Saturday.
The chest numbers will be distributed on 24th November 2022 at SAI, STC, Shillong from 6 to 7 pm only for those players who have registered.
The PMGSY does not belong to Assam or Meghalaya but to the central government,” he said.
Khliehriat, Lber 2 : Santa Mary Shylla, candidate of the National People's Party (NPP) from Byndihati village, has won the 5th Sutnga Saipung Constituency. Vincent H Pala, MP of the Lok Sabha and former MLA Shitlang Pale.
“Through the assistance of the Union Minister of the Union Government, we have received these schemes.
The suspect has been charged under the Protection of Children from Sexual Offenses (POCSO) Act.
He also alleged that the MLA has not been to the constituency for five years. “He doesn't know the problems of the people that he hasn't been to the constituency for five years,” he said.
The Principal said that she cannot explain the cost of the fire because the fire has burnt down the school.
At this time, water is an important source of nutrients that can benefit the digestion of nutrients in the body.
Regarding this terrible snowfall in Motphran, the reporter U Nongsaiñ Hima has personally visited and listened to the complaints of the people who sell near the garbage dump. and also from the residents of the area who said that as the days go by, the garbage dump in the area has increased and the smell is terrible. but they cannot afford to sit down and sell their goods just to earn a living and feed their families.
“This action of the Government is condemnable and unacceptable.
Therefore, according to the rules, the test will have to be conducted again after 3 days and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare will take another sample to conduct the test. How many people have recovered from Covid-1
“If placed in a sun-protected area, it increases the amount of chlorophyll, increases the amount of antioxidants,” said Dr. Mariza Snyder, author of “The Matcha Miracle”. ong, “After these leaves are harvested, they are cleaned in a clean bowl, ground into powder, and then ground into powder.
Nongkrem MLA Lambor Malngiang has asked the state police whether they have summoned the Assam police involved in the killing of four residents of Mukroh. on the 22nd of November.
Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) leader Mayawati has announced that her party will not cooperate with the 26-party coalition or INDIA or the 39-party coalition. Speaking at a press conference, Mayawati said she would continue to cooperate with these groups and contest the upcoming Lok Sabha elections on her own.
Foreigners from all over the country and from all over Khasi Jaintia came to witness this dance.
They recalled that in the last meeting with the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma on the ILP, all the 13 political parties did not discuss the issue of Modify ILP or give any proposal. The JSU and JYF have rejected the proposal immediately because they have not approved or signed the proposal.
Five days before the expiry of the deadline, Rupang spoke to the Minister of Mylliem Hima to ask how many Daju have come to register.
In Asia, Japan invaded in September
In this incident, two persons were injured when they were hit by rocks at Rngaiñ near Pynursla on the evening of 14th June.
Treilang Kyndait led Myrjai to the win after scoring hat-tricks 26', 65',
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong today said that the Meghalaya government has not yet decided to open schools in the state.
The match today (March 26, 2023) will be between Ladthadlaboh and Nangbah Mulang at 2 pm.
M Wanswett scored 57', 82', D Kharkongor 60', S Dkhar 76' and R Shadap 90'
In previous years, the area has often faced this phenomenon.
The site of the COVID-19 Screening Center has been set up in Assam, where the presence of the screening center has caused problems in the movement of people from Meghalaya. Assam, so these people from Assam, when they faced problems, they lodged a complaint with Assam which prompted the Assam government to talk to the Meghalaya government and now Meghalaya, has had to postpone the screening. Center.
The tournament will close on 3rd November
He said that there are many issues that will be exposed to the government through this chargesheet especially in relation to corruption because the budget of the government is still empty while the budget of those in the MDA government is empty. still full of smell.
To this day we hear preachers or Bible storytellers recording sermons and relating them to the time in which they lived.
They say that even the graves of their beloved mothers and fathers are now in Bangladesh.
Furthermore, the HSPDP party has stood up and won to protect the environment by opposing the mining of uranium but this man has been known to own Coke Factories in the East. Jaintia Hills, which has been the cause of environmental pollution and eventually, has become a land seller because in the demarcation process many villages are no longer included in Meghalaya, she said.
Ms Laloo in her speech praised the initiative of the School Managing Committee for implementing this scheme for the benefit of the village. The school will be their second home and they should take care and keep the school clean, she urged, saying that the future of the country is their classroom.
Speaking at the event, the Minister said, “I would like to thank the ET Edge for organizing this event for the sixth Doctors Day Conclave.
New Delhi, Jymmang 21: The Chief Minister of Assam, Tarun Gogoi, will resign tomorrow following his concern over the defeat of the Congress party in the MP elections. depth.
Lewa Sumer scored the goals in the 3rd minute, Sawa Phira in the 14th and 51st minutes and Dalammiki Khlem in the 43rd and 43rd minutes. 49.
In the photographs, the parts of the bomb were shown before it was launched. The group admitted that the bomb was made by themselves.
Chief Guest Kong DV Lyngdoh said that the conduct of such awareness programs is very important because the people get information and besides the information they get, they can protect themselves from this disease.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Jemino Mawthoh said that there is no problem in the Nongkrem constituency, as the UDP has state election committees, district election committees and circle election committees.
This requires the leaders of the party to think and commit themselves in how to implement the issues that have been raised.
All drivers have been directed to strictly follow the rules and regulations issued by the Health Department.
The meeting was attended by more than 300 leaders of the UDP in Mylliem, including the President of the UDP, Bah Aibanlum Marbaniang, General Secretary. and 2 MDCs James Ban Basaiawmoit of Mawkhar and HS Shylla of Nongkrem among other leaders.
It is from the home that we are taught and shaped as a human being, the way of life from the language, the walk, the standing, the dress, the manners, the honor, the tipbriew tipblei and so on. ter.
“For example, the Shillong Rope Way Project will employ 600 people in 10 hours and if in 10 hours, we will need 6000 youth. the tea sellers, the sellers," said Paul.
Speaking to media, Sangma said the CEM of KAAC had tried to throw fireworks into the fire which had already burned after the shooting death of seven people, including Four Khasi-Pnars and one Assam Forest Guard were shot dead by Assam Police at Mukro village, West Jaintia Hills District on the morning of 22nd November,
The letter to the Minister of Home Affairs of India also stated that people from states across India have insulted the youth of the North East, by alleging that the people of the North East, The Corona Virus has not spread to India.
In the second division, Nongumlong beat Laitumkhrah 0-2
An 18-year-old girl has lost her life after allegedly falling from an Auto Rickshaw (ML10-B-7675) in the 17 It is located on the National Highway
Love and respect for one another is the best work.
The source said that it is not yet known how the taxi owners will go to the Regional Transport Authority office, but it is confirmed that the answer they will give is the same. voice.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Carness Sohshang, MDC Mawkyrwat Constituency and EM of KHADC, Bah Kynpham V.Kharlyngdoh, Bah Lovingwell Lyngdoh, Minister of Mawten Village, office bearers of Mawten Village Youth Association; Mawlangwir, Mawkyrwat and Nonglang and others.
Shillong, Jymmang, 05: The State Government under the leadership of Conrad K. Sangma as the Chief Minister, on Tuesday honored the sportsmen who won medals in the Meghalaya Games The State Football Team has recently won a gold medal in the Khelo India Youth Games
On this occasion, a blessing was also received from the Lyngdoh of Raid Mawlieh for the Raid Mawlam.
Phibankyntiew Sun and Wanboklang Kurbah, 20, have been missing since 20th November,
Jesus healed the sick, he opened the eyes of the blind, he walked the lame, he healed the lepers, he multiplied the Five Loaves of bread, the two fish. who fed more than a thousand people, raised the dead, cast out devils, who were the source of all evil, and defeated death by rising from the dead.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 08: A group of smugglers in the Byrnihat area along the Meghalaya-Assam border, under the banner of the BBASU, today met with the Deputy Commissioner of Meghalaya. Bhoi, to discuss the problem they face because they have to pay back taxes to the state government, at the new tax collection point of the government at 13Mer.
This visit was part of the investigation into the incident of electric shock which happened in the past few months in which the child lost both her hands due to the lack of electricity. the transformer near a school.
He said that the party itself has not yet responded although the office of the Lamphang has prepared the translations.
The gross domestic product (GDP) is 8.13% and the per capita income is $
Maui Police Chief John Pelletier said authorities are currently preparing figures through a report on the number of people. all the inhabitants of the city.
Therefore, what is urgently needed even now is the measures to protect the indigenous people from the floods and one of the measures to prevent the floods is the ILP. The Inner Line Permit is like a gateway. block the road from entering the house as you please.
Thank God that this disease has not yet entered the region and India but we must be careful that it does not enter in any way, because we have to fight an invisible enemy.
We seek God only in the end.
Dr Aman said that the people who have spent T.803 crore should be able to answer this question and said, “When I say this, I don't mean that there is any dishonesty on all these expenditures".
This King does not take advantage of anyone, he suspects everyone and means evil to everyone.
Taxi drivers will inevitably oppose this law, but the government will have to consider (i) the social distancing, which is the law of the world these days and ( ii) It will have to comply with the Motor Vehicle Act of the Government of India, because across India, there is only bus riding and never taxi riding.
As the chief guest, Kong Rona Khymdeit, first of all, gave a special congratulations to Heprit Angelica Tyngsong, after receiving the National Bravery Award, as well as to Alfonse Kharsyntiew and others. who have struggled hard to build the bridge, until this Heprit has received the award from the hands of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi.
Bharat Gurung won on 2/2
Therefore, the Pakistani authorities have temporarily shut down all internet access from various social media platforms, in order to temporarily contain the fire and prevent it from spreading to other parts of the country.
The body of Wanboklang was taken home and placed in a coffin without being taken to the Civil Hospital like the body of Phibankyntiew Sun. Because the intention was not to do a post mortem but to bury him in the cemetery.
However, the leaders do not consult with us when they take any decision within the constituency.
The people should be surprised that all the CEC members elected to the GC of the party are with me but Bah Adelbert Nongrum because he did not get the trust of his fellow members he went to congratulate the members who resigned. to become a member of his fanbase.
District Election Officer BS Sohliya called upon all political parties to work together to ensure a clean and fair election.
In another incident, a truck carrying cows without proper documents was seized from Sonapur Bridge, near Umkiang.
In this regard, it is surprising to know that about 70% of the farmers [continued on page
He said that Mukul's actions have not only affected his fellow citizens in the past years.
He rings a picture and draws a picture in front of Rikynti.
The victory has left Malki and MLP tied at 7 points but Malki has more hope.
Earlier, Naidu met NCP leader Sharad Pawar and National Conference leader Farooq Abdullah.
However, the West Khasi Hills Police Department has not yet confirmed whether they have arrested those involved in this heinous crime.
Therefore, the cell urges all the youth of Bri U Hynniewtrepban durut to suffer for a while and pass their examinations well so that they can bring fame not only to themselves but to their families. and especially to the nation as a whole because a nation with educated youth is a strong nation and has a bright future.
Speaking to reporters, the president of the union, Bah Lasforious Marngar, said that according to the information received by RTI, it has been shown that the central government has not released the money for their salaries.
Nongpoh, March 07: The 2nd District Level Youth Exchange Program 2023 on the theme “Building a Better World” was held at the District Library. Town Hall.
It doesn't matter how much we can hold on to what we teach.
From time to time, the East Khasi Hills Police have arrested not only the drug dealers but also the drug users who have become addicted to drugs.
It may be recalled that yesterday the leaders of these two organizations from Mawlai said that the arrest by the police will not frighten them, and they said that they are not happy because of the release of 11 members. members but they will continue to implement their plan to ban trucks from smuggling into the Mawlai border.
Thus, in this age, the practices of that evil tradition are so widespread (Isa 14:29), that our Christian people also worship the tradition (Mk 7:7-8, 13).
His victory in only 20 seats in the last election has made it even more difficult for him to work properly even if he is not a leader this term.
Two Chancellor's and Vice-Chancellor's medals will also be awarded to students who have excelled in all aspects.
The meeting also opposed the payment of tax by the owners of coal mines before transporting the goods for sale; but, what they decide, is that they should be paid directly per truck, according to the freight to sell the goods and they will not agree to pay taxes, for three times, according to the wishes of the Court.
Besides Shabong, others are Paul Lyngdoh of UDP, Vincent H Pala of Congress, Amerington Kharshiing of AAP, Shibun Lyngdoh of BJP, Denis Siangshai of Independent candidate, Ivoryna Shylla of Independent candidate and Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit of Independent candidate. Shillong, June 25: The KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit has expressed its strong opposition to the Government of Meghalaya over the failure of the Assam Police to harass the Hynniewtrep people living in the Block areas. (Pangam Raliang/Labang Nangphyllut District) and along the Meghalaya-Assam border areas such as Khanduli, Mukroh and Psiar respectively.
Have they taken the initiative to implement this work? As planned earlier, the first phase was scheduled to be completed in June and the entire project as planned was scheduled to be completed in April.
Pradeep Purkaystya scored 92 runs off 64 balls to win the Player of the Match award.
The Office of the Controller and Auditor General (CAG) recently found that there are 348 illegal logging factories in the state besides those in the Industrial Areas of the Government.
The District Council alone cannot achieve this goal unless the Hima authorities, village authorities and the residents cooperate.
“I have convened this meeting today with the Rangbah Shnongs to discuss the illegal trade of foreigners in the district.
What surprises us is why the State Government has not appointed Bah YS Shullai as Chairman of the State Pollution Control Board but has appointed CP Marak who should have retired.
Fifty years the state has been on the map we don't have to be children anymore we all have to grow up and we have our own children and some of us have grandchildren and great grandchildren. It's time for us to leave our own homes and if we continue to stay in the same household, we can get diseases like CANCER, TB or others. other diseases and there may also be infection, infection or bleeding.
The people are invited to attend the explanations of the Party.
The UDP will hold a meeting to introduce Bah Kharjahrin at its office at Bomfile Road, Laitumkhrah, Shillong at 11:00 am. morning.
It was later reported that they had kidnapped three civilians, believed to be in the western part of Israel, which connects Erez and the Gaza Strip.
This type of fat lowers blood cholesterol, reduces the risk of high blood pressure and helps prevent diabetes.
It is through the existence of special subjects that as a nation, we can continue to produce more heroes, heroes and intellectuals who will fight for the preservation and preservation of our unique identity as a nation. nation.
In this regard, the union wants to get a clarification from the office whether the department will continue to operate the range office at Laskeiñ.
Shot Put In the U-14yrs (Girls) category, Charistine Bansiewdor Sawkmie of St. Thomas High School won the gold medal, Rabecca Dkhar of Pyndengumiong Preschool School won the silver medal and St. Joseph's School Hr sec.
SR Kohli, Permanent Secretary Member of the Working Committee, also sent a letter to Sanbor Shullai, informing him that the NCP President Sharad Pawar has sent a letter to Sanbor Shullai in agreement with the General Secretary & General Secretary. Northeast State Incharge Praful Patel said that as the party has not nominated a candidate, they have suggested that the party will support the Congress.
Ebenezer Mawlong, one of the members of the Union, said, “The GVK EMRI is not sufficient to run the 108 EMRI in the State but the State Government should incorporate the EMRI within the department. Health.
However, the match had to be canceled due to riots among the crowd, which led to India's defeat.
Such people have no cure for their enslavement to their candidate and the party they have joined.
Likewise, for the traders to be blessed if they give the rights to the farmers who bring their produce to them in the market and to stop harassing the farmers who bring their produce to the market. that they may not earn.
In a Facebook account, Bah Shemphang Lyngdoh, NPP Candidate from Mawhati Constituency, said that he is very happy that he has been able to meet his mother, children and brothers. Kordorlang Shadap from Umpohwin Pdeng, Sahsniang, Jaintia Hills, has been arrested for 17 years.
He said that according to the information, the survey is not for uranium but the Council will look into it.
“If there is a problem regarding the lack of understanding of the language, the Office of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly should appoint a translator to facilitate the participation of the people. members of the Legislative Assembly.
Later, Conrad also distributed financial assistance to Village Organizations as well as various SHGs.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: “It is a personal decision, we cannot say anything,” said Ardent Basaiawmoit, President of the HSPDP and Nongkrem MLA, while criticizing the statement by Bah HS Shylla MDC today that He will not contest MLA elections in 2018 to support Ardent Basaiawmoit.
The race was attended by young men and women, young children, as well as parents of the district.
In fact, it is the demand of the time that mankind should start a new life after that event.
Brani Wahlang will contest from Laban instead of NCP, Blandingstar Warjri from Mawthadraishan will contest from UDP and Champion Paliar will contest from Rymbrai-Jyrngam constituency. KP Pangniang (HSPDP).
PARKING 4: Inside the Petrol Pump compound (opposite Dosti Hotel).
The present invasion is no longer like the French, now it is not only to invade, but also to own.
In India, so far, there are about 400 cases.
Do you have 23 hours a day or 20 hours a day? The scientists who count the passage of time, the passage of days, months, seasons and years have not yet given any assurance that time has been counted in these days.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The BJP Meghalaya State Unit has admitted that there will be 5 to 40 sitting MLAs who will join the BJP in November this year.
Furthermore, on this day, besides the celebration of the Cross, followed by the celebration of the Cross of Jesus, the Holy Mass was celebrated by Fr.Peter Syiemlieh as the Parish Priest. Other Fathers, Sisters and parishioners of the Catholic Church from Nongpoh Parish.
According to the text of Revelation, it is written about the number 666, which is the number of the wild beast, which has nine heads and forty horns and comes up out of the sea. dance of the dragon, refers to political leaders.
BARABANKI: There are still many people who doubt the corona injection and this happened in Sirauhha village of Barabanki, Uttar Pradesh.
Shillong: Although the AV & Veterinary Department has announced that the consumption of animals such as syiar is not harmful and is safe to eat, many others have He said that this announcement alone is not enough, as most of the cattle sold in Meghalaya are from abroad, especially from Assam.
“The evidence shows from the Office Order no: 1038 dated 25.06.2022 that VK Singh had agreed to relocate the offices on 19.05.2022 before retiring from office.
The situation in Ichamati has been tense and bloodshed could break out in the area after the bomb killing of these two foreigners this evening.
He said that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has promised to discuss the matter tomorrow with the Chief Minister regarding the attack by the Karbi people on their farmland.
The workshop was attended by representatives of the Indian film and entertainment industry including Aamir Khan, Shah Rukh Khan, Rajkumar Hirani, Kangana Ranaut, Anand L Rai, SP Balasubrahmanyam and Sonam Kapoor. , Jackie Shroff, Sonu Nigam, Ekta Kapoor and others.
Mandal advised those who want to become leaders in the State Legislative Assembly to read the book.
The State Level Under-12 Football Tournament 2023 was held at the SAI Training Center on Tuesday where West Jaintia Hills beat North Garo Hills 9-0 They beat South West Garo Hills 7-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
HSPDP Joint Secretary Witting Mawsor has informed all the Presidents, Secretaries of all Districts, Presidents, Secretaries of Constituency Level, Youth Wing, Women's Wing and Central Body office bearers. Especially the MLAs and MDCs of the party should not attend the meeting.
MPs from the state including Vincent H Pala MP Lok Sabha and Dr WR Kharlukhi MP also spoke on the issue in Parliament.
The program was conducted by Ms. E.Sajem, President of VO Priang in the presence of the Officer in-charge of Saphai Out Post, Doctor in-charge of Iooksi PHC. with others.
There are beautiful parts of the Brahmaputra River like Tezpur and Jaghigopa where this great river flows between the hills and in these parts its width can reach 4 miles.
Therefore, the residents through the assistance of the government to resolve the issue under the leadership of the Prime Minister, the Revenue Department has finally issued a pata.
KSU Mawkyrwat Circle on Tuesday awarded the Maitshaphrang Achiever's Award to two football players who have brought fame and glory to the district and the state as a whole for their contribution in leading the team. The 76th Hero Santosh Trophy 2022-23 was held in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
There are dozens of villages from Pariong, Lawbyrtun, Mawkyllei, Umkrem, Dompetkhniang, Nongshilong, Umjei, Mawroh, Markasa, Nongkasen, Laitkesh, Khyllem, Shophria, Umlieh, Mawlangkham, Ksehkohlong and others. who have wells of water in this mountain.
Twitter's ban on Prasad's account comes at a time when the US-based company is involved in a violent protest against the Indian government over laws relating to social media.
Shillong, Nailar 29 : Hundreds of farmers from all over the villages of Mawkynrew Constituency have attended a meeting held at Laitkyrhong on Monday to hear face to face from the leaders of the Farmer Cell regarding the price of fertilizers. that the government recently announced.
The Prime Minister said that the Government has already sent a message through the Government and is waiting for the reply of the HNLC leaders. There is a dialogue between all stakeholders whether it is on their part or on the part of the government,” he added.
The program was attended by James PK Sangma, Chairman of MIDC, Arbinstone Marak, MLA of Selsella Constituency, Ambrose Marak, Secretary of Education, Jagdish Chelani, who is the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills, Tura and others.
Rida replied, “They went out to buy goods with those young men.
Today, Andaman & Nicobar Islands, Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman & Diu, Goa, Haryana, Puducherry and Telangana have become Har Ghar Jal states with 106 households in 106 districts and 1.44 lakh households. the cities of the land have water.
In Umiam, the rainfall was 6.6 mm yesterday and today it was 15.0 mm.
Besides the awarding ceremony, Dr R Pohsnem, Senior Medical and Health Officer DMHO, In Charge Nartiang PHC, Dr. Helen Uriah, Mother & Child were also awarded. Health Officer DMHO, West Jaintia Hills and one Lab Technician.
Free Style Relay (4x100m) SWKHD Team1.
However, according to the information received, it is understood that after the Assembly Session, the two Chairpersons of the Regional Committees on Border Dispute, will inform all the members of the Committees, to arrange the time.
Delgado, 40, has joined Spanish side Monatnesa.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: Although the opposition has promised to raise many issues in the House, the opening day of the House today was a slow one. they didn’t say anything.
If it can be established that their property is due to drug trafficking, the law should allow the government to confiscate everything and auction it.
BSF troops have arrested two Bangladeshis named Md Sojib Ahmed, 18, and Md Ariful Islam, 18, while they were crossing from Bangladesh to India by climbing the Indo-India border crossing. Bangladesh Border Fencing at Gate No.4, Sonatola (EKH) and recovered a backpack, Indian currency worth T.13,950/-, two wallets, a mobile phone, four passport photographs, two passport photographs. They didn't write down their phone numbers and clothes.
The term of office of these two Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) will end on 5th October, 2024 and the extension of the term of six months will start from 5th October,
When taking witnesses from the public, only the Mikirs (Karbi) and Lalungs were invited, they did not invite the Pnars, Nongjrong, Labang Nangphyllut and Namgtung Khyrwang.
He said that once they have received information from Patowary, they will arrange a time to visit these places and after that they will send a full report.
It is worth mentioning that the construction of the Shillong-Dawki road is now progressing smoothly, except in some parts where the work has been suspended for various reasons.
Assam and Mizoram have held a meeting to resolve the border between the two states, in which three meetings of the ministers of the two states have been held.
He said that these villages which are not on the list have been confirmed not to be disputed and fall within the border of Meghalaya but now those villages which are not disputed have been handed over to Assam.
We urge the people of the area especially the women and children to be brave and come forward like this child to not allow such evils to exist in the society.
From East Khasi Hills, the recipients of the State Award were the Principal of Malki Presbyterian School, Catherine Warjri and the Headmaster of Mawsynram, DG Nongsiej.
This can be done by consulting and taking advice from the nearest Veterinary Doctor.
“This action of the Central Government to amend the Act is only for the benefit of private companies to distribute electricity,” he said.
It is also prohibited to post any misleading advertisements in the media or advertisements in the form of news.
Ankita Sharma was announced as the captain of the team while Dubleen Nengnong was announced as the vice-captain.
However, it was seen that this arrangement between Conrad and Himanta did not please the people of Meghalaya, as there was strong opposition not only from the people of the border villages, but also from the political parties and The civil society too.
Regarding the Nongpoh-Umden-Sonapur road, Prestone promised that the NUS road will soon be painted according to the Standard National Highway with a budget of Rs 25 crore for the first phase through the Ministry of DoNER. and the remainder will be funded through the World Bank.
Earlier, Conrad K Sangma had filed his nomination paper from the NPP and Charlotte W Momin had filed her nomination paper from the Congress.
The community has expressed its desire to withdraw the troops and it is important that the people get information in this regard.
At the same time, the Forum expressed its desire to get clarity regarding the commitment of the Meghalaya Power Distribution Corporation Ltd.
On the other hand, HITO said that through this market, cows and muid have been smuggled into Bangladesh without proper documents to prove where to send or sell these cows.
And this has been witnessed in the works that have happened since last year until now.
These villages will be turned into cluster villages and the farmers or SHGs from those villages will be sent for training to the training center and once they are qualified they will be allowed to set up their own farms. processing unit in cluster villages.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 57,9
Now this mandate comes from the court that we need to fix.
The team's investigation is to determine whether the missile that exploded and was very powerful in the incident belonged to Russia.
Tura, Nailar 4: The Indian government has declared Telangana a state, which has sparked strong protests across India, with various state demands in Assam, followed by the Gorkha protests in Darjeeling, for Gorkhaland, then the Koch Rajbongshis, which demanded a state of Kamatapur, the Karbis also demanded their own state and because of these demands they declared a protest and a curfew. those of hours and days.
Prof. Sinha, who has been in charge of Kongthong for the past few years, has presented Copper Medals in the image of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and years (Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav).
Seed producing farmers can send their seeds to seed collection companies with the necessary documents.
The decision came, following the Mukroh shooting incident, in which seven lives were lost from the two states, on the morning of 22nd November 2022.
The ration from the central government includes suji, ata, rice, sugar, and in the days of high prices but in the state, if only rice is available, many people have to feed it to pigs and not to eat people. , he said.
Ryntathiang said that the goal of the youth wing since its establishment is to reach out to the refugees and families across the state for the benefit of the families. “The household shows the appearance of the tree, the household shows the good character of the people and it is useless to There is no peace and order for those who have houses but it is heaven for those who live in houses when there is peace and order. you are my soul.
However, while he was thinking, the thought came to him that he should ask those who were waiting to give them first because they were in urgent need.
The church on this day distributed and handed over tins to 17 poor and needy families and also piglets to 9 families in which was distributed by the chief guest to these families.
It has long antennae and long legs.
After this I went to the railway station at Mendipathar and I saw the people in this place, they have received many benefits because to go from Mendipathar to Gwahati, taxi drivers used to charge T.280 per head, but through the train is only T.
New Delhi, July 13: President Pranab Mukherjee has rejected the Delhi government's new draft law on the appointment of 21 MLAs as Parliamentary Secretaries. The Delhi government has amended the Act, which places Parliamentary Secretaries in the Revenue Office, and this is the AAP government. These Parliamentary Secretaries and later, it will subject them to the rule that they do not earn money.
It is also a trick to spread the bad news among the Khasi to say that he has turned away or that he has turned away by stealing money or something else so that they will lose trust in each other.
On the occasion of the Silver Jubilee of the school, Conrad K Sangma urged the students to study hard so that they can move forward and promised that the Meghalaya government will will implement a scheme for the improvement of the school at a cost of about Rs 1 crore.
Perhaps in the end, the NPP will keep the 11 UDP MLAs in the bus stop just to weaken the opposition.
Therefore, God has spoken, and it cannot be changed.
He said that the request to visit Bah Rymbai was granted by the Court after he applied to the District and Session Judge E Kharumnuid yesterday. person.
Besides, it is also the victory of the people who have supported the demand for a revision of the Reservation Policy.
Police have admitted that on 14-12-2004 and 9th November 2008 and also on 13-12-2014 when the ANVC came to arrest Jerome, he had hidden many firearms. for creating money later.
"We cannot afford to delay the preparations for this," he said.
“Therefore, this is another tax.
In Mairang, the Republic Day celebration was held at KSA Square where Bah Kennedy Khyriem, Parliamentary Secretary to the State Government, hoisted the Lama of the country and took the salute at the march pass of the 10th Parade. contingents including Police, NCC and school children.
Rupang has sought information on the price of agricultural products produced in Shillong, so that the people can know whether the price of agricultural products has been decided only by the Khar Kaia here in Shillong or it is the price of shisha in the market.
The court will hear the case again on March
Other areas under the British area should be returned to the Hima...In the case of Jaintia Hills, it is our right to demand that the Hima status should be returned. so that it can join the Federation of Khasi States.
Other speakers were Jurbha Phawa, one of the farmers, Linda Ryngkhlem, HBN Nonglang, B. Shylla, General Secretary, Jowai Village Headmen Union, Alan Niangti President, Jowai Village Headmen Union, Jowai Village Headmen Union, Jowai Village Headmen Union. E.M.H Passah and Khroo L Pariat, President of the Republic of the Congo.
However, in the midst of this, there are still those who have joined the NPP but many of them are those who are afraid to join the NPP. every 5 years they change colors and change covenants.
They are both beaten and praised.
The damage caused by the rainfall to the soil in Khasi-Jaintia is greater than anywhere else in India.
The Meghalaya Early Childhood Development Mission is a forward-looking initiative to build the development of children in the years when they need to grow up. shin can be seen through the best upbringing and care of parents and the teaching of children through teachings that bring happiness to children, and to supplement this by providing food and the teaching of many things which shall build up the minds of the children.
The series will be released in various languages ​​including two foreign languages ​​and will not face any language problems and will reach people around the world,” he said.
They see his character and feel comfortable with him.
Mawpdang struggled to fight in the second half, Iatei Duia managed to cross the ball into the net, while Assam Rifles scored three more goals through Zuala in the 55th minute, IR Channa. (85') and Roger Singh 86 minutes.
Speaking in the Budget Session, Bah Balajied Ranee, MDC Nongpoh Constituency, said that the District Council should preserve the customs and traditions of the Khasi people. improve and encourage the development of the customs and traditions of the Khasi people.
Nongpoh, July 13: Fifteen land owners of Umeit village, Ri-Bhoi district, have lodged a complaint with the CSWO (I) after finding that their land, which is near the new road to be constructed from Umeit, has been destroyed. to Mawthei, which is about 6km away, were stopped by the contractor who built the road.
The two states played in the women's final, where Mizoram came from behind to beat Manipur.
While these Hindu children were gathering at one place to celebrate Holi as usual, some members of the Islami Jamiat Tulba (IJT) They went to block and forcibly stop these students from celebrating Holi at the place. After that, there was a clash and a show of force between them until it reached the border. These 15 Hindu students were injured during their religious ritual.
Police sources said that the incident happened at 11:30 pm this morning, near the Wah Umlew Bridge on the Shillong By-pass. The driver of the auto rickshaw was heading from Umroi to the Toll Plaza in Diengpasoh when it reached the Wah Umlew Bridge. Another truck with the number plate AS-01-GC-0191, a truck coming from the opposite direction.
In a statement, UDP Vice President Allantry F Dkhar said, “The UDP is pleased to suggest that after the appearance in the media on the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill The state government should take action to look into the ILP and even plant more bniat, in view of the challenges of the 21st century”.
At the same time, he said that regarding the decision to cooperate with any party before or after the elections, they rely on the decision of the party in Delhi and the state itself. just follow their instructions.
On the other hand, Khyndai Lad Village has tried to clean up by banning the land vendors, but they have faced difficulties due to the clashes of the Sengbhalang.
The Minister of Environment and Natural Resources, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, said that the government has not yet received a full count of the damage as many places have been affected by the storm and cold.
“We want to promote our language and also to encourage our leaders to understand each other's Khasi and Garo languages,” he added.
KSU Central Body SS Niangti, FKJGP President Tuesday Lytep, HNYF President Lamsuk Langstang and several office bearers of the Lai Lai. The union demanded the establishment of a District Task Force under the Meghalaya Act No. 6 of 2016 and Clause 5 (1) of the Meghalaya Residents' Safety and Security Act,
Fourth, investment in early childhood stages is critical, including policies that help families and provide safety nets for everyone in society.
GDK Kharai, Chairman of the Singing Committee, reading from the Word of God by Kong Sngurnylla KMylliem and welcome speech by Bah PS Nongsiej.
The HNLC has strongly criticized the government for postponing the talks during the tenure of Bah DD Lapang as Prime Minister.
We would like to remind the residents of Ri-Lum Garo that since 2010 until now, the Chief Minister of the state is from their own village.
Another thing that is becoming more and more evident now is the concealment of the truth or deception from within the people who are working with evil while outside they show that they are trying to destroy or destroy the cover of eight miaw and fear. to speak or do the truth helps to spread evil. This is the age of criticizing others while they struggle to avoid themselves. the spectators.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Athletics Association (MAA) in collaboration with ONGC “Himalaya Mein Heeron Ki Khoj” will conduct a Talent Scouting for boys and girls in the 800 mts and 1500 mts. under 15 years and 17 years under on 8th November 2018 at 10.30 pm at JN Stadium Polo Shillong. The best students will be selected to compete at North East and National level. and the expenses shall be borne by the organization.
He also requested for a visit to the North East and confirmed the intention to visit the North East and the goal of this program will be achieved.
Speeches were also delivered by Monalisa Dhar President KSU Dimahasoa Unit, Samla N Sutnga Advisor KSU Iooksi Unit, and other speakers.
He said that the people of Mawhati Constituency want to give the ticket to Bah Roswell Shadap, but he explained that it has not yet been decided, but what has been witnessed on this. The number of people who came today, as the leaders of the Party, we will go and inform the higher authorities of the Party, so that they can take a decision.
Shangpliang raised a question to know how many weighbridges there are in the state and how much the Transport and Mining department earns from these weighbridges, but the Minister of Transport Sniawbhalang Dhar did not answer. This question was answered by the Minister of Legal Metrology, Bah Samlin Malngiang.
Speeches were also delivered by various leaders who urged the people to elect their leaders not by feeling but by wisdom as it is the demand of the state to get a clean rule of law. and those who also pointed out the poor performance of the government and the lack of legislators who are willing to speak out on issues affecting the jaidbynriew.
The school was constructed by the Diphu Diocese of West Karbi Anglong District in Moolaber.
The Government of Meghalaya hopes to build a strong relationship between them for the sake of income generation.
It is also pleasing that this award has been allocated to 18 States and UTs across the country and we have received nominations from all these States and UTs. Assam is the top state followed by Tripura and Himachal Pradesh.
The opening ceremony was organized by the District Medical and Health Officer, Nongstoin in collaboration with the Directorate of Health Services (MI), Meghalaya and the Health Engineering Wing, Shillong.
During the inspection, the HANM has found that the damage in many parts of the country has not been repaired even for 10 months. On the other hand, the President of HANM Jaintia Zone, Bah Shaniah Suchen, said that the construction and maintenance of this road is not done properly or is being constructed using poor quality materials. or they have worked only for the sake of gain without thinking of the people.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) in collaboration with Shillong City today held a Black Flag Protest and launched balloons as part of the protest. Protest against the increase in the price of petrol and diesel.
He said that the Chief Minister has told them that the VAB should be withdrawn from the Central Government so that a new law can be drafted for Rangbah Shnongs. Mukul Blah said they have replied that they are not the ones who made the VAB but only the people but it was made by the District Council and they have the right to decide how. it is between the State Government and the District Council.
On the other hand, Bah Mayealdborn, in his speech, expressed his appreciation for the hard work of the people living in the area, for their ability to produce Ryndia clothes, which has brought fame and glory. not only for this area, but for the District and the State as a whole.
God will not lead His people to an unprepared place.
Only the woman who experiences this understands better, the man doesn't even know or can't explain.
Please ask why we still don't have enough players to represent the famous clubs and the country.
Shillong, Jymmang 25 : The rally of the United Democratic Party (UDP) candidate in Mawlai on Saturday was attended by thousands of people. Support for your candidate Bah Process T.Sawkmie.
Due to the large number of participants from all over the country, the race was divided into three parts, the Glory Run, which is 21 kilometers long, the Spirit Run, which is only 6 kilometers long. only for the residents of Guwahati and the General Championship which is only for schools and colleges.
Up to 50 teams from all over Meghalaya have come to participate in this tournament and this tournament will also be a platform and opportunity for talented young men and women to develop in the field of football. The winners will also represent the state in the North Eastern States Competition.
He said that during the meeting, the Government has decided to encourage the Officers to continue their education in various universities, which award Degrees and Diplomas.
He said that these districts are where the issues related to drug abuse and trafficking have increased rapidly.
Deisar Kyndiah SDO of Rankor PWD Division said that it is true that the road collapsed at Lailad on Friday and today the road could be cleared, but There is still a 25-mile earthquake at a place known as Mawshun.
He said that the worship of the Holy Eucharist is a sign of consecration to God and the Catechism of the Church says that the worship of Jesus Christ in the Holy Eucharist is the recognition that He is God. Our Lord.
Not only that, Modi's release of Mahatma Gandhi's favorite Christian anthem “Abide with me” from the Beating Retreat after Republic Day. is another.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the government has appointed a Search Committee (SC) consisting of three members to search for experts to become members of the Experts Committee. EC) for the purpose of reviewing the Reservation Policy.
Palestinian-controlled Gaza says 16 children have been killed out of 65 in Israeli warplane bombings.
Of the many public service professions mentioned above the ones who have entered politics the most are medical doctors because they already have a personal service to the public and have more tolerance for relating to public affairs.
The past was filled with judgment, but now it is judgment.
From Laban-Mawprem, the contest will be between NCP candidate Ricky Shullai and HSPDP candidate Banrikupar Wahlang.
On the other hand, Donald V Thabah, General Secretary of the party, was the chief guest. In the presence of MDC Barato Mukroh Constituency, Aibor Shadap, leaders of the party from districts, circles and units. together with teachers and students.
In another match, United National SS beat Sibsing Memorial Govt.
And in the salvation of the soul, the Khasei Khasai Christian groups confess their sins to the Lyngdoh Sohblei who has the power to forgive their sins in the name of Ubalah Ubaïai.
Shillong: Three policemen have been suspended from the toilet of the Deputy Commissioner's Court, East Khasi Hills. , Shillong.
On the other hand, the engineer promised to take necessary measures to ensure the safety of the people besides looking after the electricity bill, said the JSM. On Tuesday , garbage trucks of the Jowai Municipal Board , Jowai carried garbage from Jowai and tried to break it They were thrown into the coal mines in Sutnga area, East Jaintia Hills District, but their attempt was thrown away by the residents of Lamyrsiang.
On the same day, after the election of the Rangbah Shnong and Secretary Shnong, the Sohlaitrim Village Council has also elected 11 members of the Executive Member, so that they can continue to bring about the welfare of the people. There is a park in the village of Sohlaitrim.
The Supreme Court of Badonburom will rule on the matter.
In another match, Dongmihsngi beat Panaliar 4-1
Michael said that the 1986 Act should be amended to include the word 'Ancestral' and 'Equitable' ' in this Act because the whole world is struggling in terms of income and countries and nations that are strong in income are strong countries.
He also stood up and fought against the Land Bank Policy.
The candidates for the election are Mallikarjun Kharge and Shashi Tharoor.
“I have been betrayed by my friends,” Mr. Titos said in his speech.
Nongpoh: The village leaders, together with the office bearers of VEC Barapathar and the residents of Nongpoh village, have lodged an Ejahar against the robbers, who are allegedly from Assam, on the grounds that they came to to destroy the foundation stone of the implementation of the MNREGA scheme in the village.
As responsible leaders we must know, when, where, and how we must proceed".
“We have not received a reply from them,” said DC. Goyal said they will meet again with the political parties to discuss the issue to remove the misunderstanding.
One of the examples of such kindness and compassion is the Jingsbun of the Ri Khasi Channel which has provided assistance and guidance on the way of life and the value of humanity.
Shillong: The State Government has promised to take action to release the salaries of SSA teachers on time. Prestone Tynsong in the presence of Education Minister Rakkam A Sangma and a delegation of the Meghalaya Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan Schools Association (MSSASA) on Tuesday.
This disease cannot be eradicated without strong cooperation.
The District Administration, in collaboration with the Ministry of Agriculture and Gram Panchayat, has conducted an awareness program on several central government schemes that have been implemented in the country.
He said that MPCC leaders from Bah PN Syiem, Shillong MP Vincent H Pala and other leaders want to nominate a candidate in Mawkynrew especially as many people have criticized the behavior of Bah kynsing. The party had trusted and confirmed him in Mawkynrew in June this year, but he fled to the NPP. Congress leaders said the party has turned to a young man from the area. , Bah Rining Lyngdoh Mawphlang, who is from Mawkynrew, Thangbnai, and lives in Mawlai, who is well educated and has been working as a journalist in this state for many years. 18 years old.
The extreme suffering of our nation in the past has caused us trouble because we have suffered so much that we can no longer recognize the sheep that come in the form of sheep's blood.
The new candidates like Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Paul Lyngdoh, Comingone Ymbon, Shakliar Warjri, AT Mondal, Rakkam Sangma and Marcuise Marak will have to follow what the previous government has done.
He has been in politics for more than 40 years and we can say that he is one of the most intelligent public speakers of this era, in which many people, feel It is better to bow the head, to bow the knee and to clap the hands, in the public meetings of Bah Deng Shylla and I often find that the speeches that are sweet, are those that Bah Shylla does not prepare in advance. but thou shalt not release them from thy mind.
“The NPP can easily force the BJP to recognize the Khasi language,” said Pala.
"It has been fixed that on 31st November, we will hear it," the bench said and allowed Tiwari to send the reply filed by Shinde's team.
Cooperation in the field of electricity is an important issue in India-Bangladesh relations.
Now that you don't have a name anymore, it's like you've sold that land.
Snaitang said Renik is not a member of the HSPDP and is not a member of the Primary Unit although the party leaders have ordered him and his people to fill up the form.
The project, which had a starting point of re-establishing electricity posts and power distribution, came with immediate investment.
On the 6th, the UDP elected Kiio Suting as president, Radhan Mukhim as president, Barlo Muruh as secretary, Wadlang Mukhim as secretary, Tiarsingh Nongrum as advisor and 20 members.
There were 16,000 spectators last night at the stadium.
The Rangbah Shnong said that according to the neighbors, at 12 o'clock on that day after she returned from the market, some people came to her house and robbed her. She was taken to the car and since then she has not returned home.
Rejecting and terminating the appeal of the lawyer, the court also ordered him to pay 25,000 tyngka to the Fund of the Supreme Court Lawyers' Association. he shall complete the payment within two days and shall submit the receipt to the Registrar of the Supreme Court.
What is more surprising is that even the ksew has supported this campaign against garbage and has been allowed to sit with the question mark asking who is to blame? Even the ksew did not understand the importance of the Jowai Sma Town and that he had stopped the collection of garbage every day in Jowai.
This comes after the state government has banned khawai in two districts, East Khasi Hills District and Ribhoi District due to the rapid increase in the number of Covid-19 cases in these two districts.
Speaking at the VDP Rally in Pynursla, the Sordar of Lyngkhat, Babu K. ​​Tangsong, strongly criticized the BSF for staying and building a camp in Wah Rymben-Pynursla instead of staying on the border. He said that the BSF troops are standing on the bridge to watch the women who are swimming. He said that the presence of the BSF troops has made the women afraid. In his speech, he requested the police to take action to expel the BSF from these areas.
We suspect that these words can be used to maliciously target Christians, because a small prayer program can be interpreted as part of a healing process,” the letter said.
Shillong, Nailar 23: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has sent a letter to all four MLAs of the party to remind them of the party's decision taken on 20th November this year. The State Executive Committee (SEC) has sent a letter to the General Secretary of the Party, Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon, which has also been released to the media. The party reminded all the MLAs of the party to ensure that the MLA Scheme is implemented in a transparent manner and that all types of schemes implemented and distributed to the public should be made public.
Apart from these two, Jaya Bachchan, Amitabh Bachchan, Agastya Nanda, Navya Naveli Nanda and Shweta Nanda have not been diagnosed with the disease.
They also hoped that their daughter, Banrilang, would get a job and they felt that this new year would bring prosperity for their family as it is a deficit school.
Police said they have intensified their fight against the GNLA following the shooting death of Jonathone N Sangma, the NCP candidate from Williamnagar.
The union congratulated the MLA of Nujorki Sungoh, SE PWD, EE PWD North, SDO PWD who came to inspect and take calculations to start the construction of this bridge which connects many villages in the Mowkaiaw area.
Ri Bhoi United's Batskhem Thangkhiew was named Man of the Match.
“Not only the Nonglang Hima has been destroyed, but the Jyrngam Hima has also been destroyed about 10 and a half kilometers from the Tyrsung River Bridge to Umsaitwait.
"After joining Real Madrid in 2009 from Olympique Lyonnais, Benzema has become a prolific chess player and scorer since Cristiano Ronaldo left for Juventus in .
He also appealed to all the participants to support and work for the dreams that the freedom fighters had for this country and to follow the basic principles inspired by the freedom struggle.
Nongstoiñ, June 21: Mawkhumkha village under Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division is one of the oldest villages in Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division.
The union demands that the government should conduct a joint inspection or join hands with the JHADC and the residents of Mukroh to investigate the boundary to place the BOP on the Zero Line for the protection of the BOP. and to escape from land grabbing and persecution by Assam.
Robertjune Kharjahrin, the candidate from the Shillong Parliamentary Seat, has expressed his campaign issues, which is to protect the country and the nation from the illegal entry of foreign authorities into the country, to maintain the snap of peace. apart from the old customs and freedom of worship.
All the villages within the Hima should participate.
At the time, Defense Minister Pranab Mukherjee requested that a plane be sent to transport the bodies.
Ma Balius, appealed to the civil society and the people of the State, to work together on the 17th, which will start from 5 pm to 5 pm, to make it a success.
If all the churches had a spirit of contribution to society, we could do many things without expecting too much from the leaders or government authorities.
Mizoram opened the scoring in the 32nd minute through Malsawmtluanga Singson but Punjab's Tania Raji turned the tide in the 49th minute.
This is just a summary of my vision, but it may be shared as news at this time.
In a statement sent to the media, Kong RM Kurbah, said that due to the prolonged duration of the disease, employment, income and social well-being have been severely affected.
It may be recalled that in 2015, the Government of Meghalaya had set Mawlynnong as one of the role model villages to be followed by the whole country for cleanliness.
His shot was against Kharsati but it went to Ahlawat's body and he had the opportunity to score the second goal for Lajong in the 34th minute.
In this regard, the CSWO has warned that no trucks or timber vehicles are allowed to pass through this road while it has not been repaired. The party will not forgive, but will continue to take stronger measures.
Drinking water and air are no longer available due to the presence of smoke factories, trees, birds and animals in the water and on the ground are almost extinct, the mountains are destroyed,... Without this country our land shall become a desert without water.
Meanwhile, 1437 people have sent a request to the CEM to uphold the decision of the Dolloi and said that the Dolloi has already investigated and allowed the people to decide on the expenditure of the village.
Three armed robbers came to the bank at Rajiv Gandhi University at 12 noon and opened fire on them while they were collecting money. The money was taken from the bank, said IGP Indrajit Shukla.
Shop building near stand 1,80,00,000/- (one crore fifty thousand tyngka).
The women gave their hands to the men, saying, 'Go and tell them that your house, before you cover my flower garden with gold, at the same time to take my life. all (lead).
“We are continuing to fight and work hard to eradicate these crimes which destroy our youth and we urge the public to help us police,” said SP WJH Bah Lakador Syiem.
In 2017, it dropped to 3 lakh and then to 2 lakh in 2020.
The winners of the 16 km gear cycle race were Gilbert Wahlang (41.58 minutes), Maitshaphrang Kharwanniang (41.58 minutes) and Alvindarson Wanniang (43.07 minutes). (40 minutes), Overlyne Kharwanniang (40.59 minutes) and Shanlng Nongsiej (43.48 minutes).
Many of the participants said that the purpose of the Bill is right but the timing of its introduction is not appropriate.
For this you should try some ways to strengthen your body even by trying to stand on one leg while your other leg is on your knees, your hands on your head - that's it. How to do Vrikasasana or Tree pose.
Shillong, March 11: The Meghalaya State Disaster Management Authority (MDMA) will conduct a State Level Mock Exercise on the 12th March from 9 pm in all districts of Meghalaya.
Before the tree planting ceremony, Geneous Ryngkhlem Forester I, Wildlife Division Jowai led the reading of the pledge with the participation of school children, village members and VDP Chilliangraij Dorbar Shnong.
The rooms which used to be used as hostels for Pastor students when there was a College there have been turned into hostels for Missionary students.
We cannot say that the MDA government under the leadership of the NPP has received many criticisms from many quarters and especially from the opposition political parties at this time of elections. It was also seen that there has been a response even from among the political parties in the government, who have given their right hand and left hand to hold this government for five years.
Mawrie said these political parties are trying to overthrow the MDA government because the BJP is one of the parties in the government.
B.Majaw, Branch Manager of Meghalaya Rural Bank and a member of the centre, explained why Sohra needs such a centre.
Under these Missions, farmers have received agricultural equipment, training, infrastructure to build agricultural production facilities and market connectivity.
This Hima has its own customs and traditions, its own dress called the Riam Nonglait and its own dances such as the Mawhiang and Khli Sngei dances.
Balawansuk Makri from Nongtyrlaw has won the title of Miss Ri Bhoi Tourism 2022, followed by Jessica Nongrum from Nongpoh. 1st Runners Up and Samla Deimaphishisha Khongjoh won the 2nd Runners Up.
The school was established in 1944 under the name Pohmusiang and was renamed in
The right kidney is lower than the left kidney and is visible in the shape of presbin shyieng.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, has said that if the drought continues, the government will have to shut down the generation of electricity from Pung Umïam.
Referring to the Chairperson's statement, Bah Paul said, “I did not issue the order just because of the information and discussions of the people.
The six persons arrested were identified as Damewnhi Rymbai, 28, of Rymbai, Hilari Dkhar, 24, of Khliehriat-West, Wanmi Muksor, 30, of Khliehriat-West. Deimon Shadap, 29, of Dkhiah-East, Deibor Sutnga, 31, of Dkhiah-West, Banjop Sukhalin, 25, of Khlieh-West and Masoom Choudhary, 20, of Katigorah-Noonna. state of Assam.
On receiving the information about the disappearance of the youth, the family members, the residents and the police, went to search for the youth.
Then she went to stand beside them and asked her Niakha.
The NNSSCC once again invites the football fans from near and far to come and witness the final match between the two teams. groups.
C&RD turned the tide in the 49th minute through Heiwanmut Lamare.
She said that the reason why this day is important is because the first thing is that we can save the lives of people who need blood.
The President of the MSPWDO, Bah Kitbok Thabah, said that the meeting with the NSJC was to seek clarification on the children who were sent to work in Bangalore after receiving a complaint from the parents. The parents of their children, who have been assisted by the Society to be trained in suhjain companies, have not been able to eat or drink for several days.
The District Council has approved the announcement issued by the Office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima from 1st June, 2019 that the Refugee Rehabilitation Colony, Rynjah has been renamed as the Rynjah Area. The villages under the jurisdiction of the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah.
This includes the installation of a children's park and a gym inside the Cave Park to encourage the residents to stay healthy. ".
Although the residents have already paid the bill, it is clear that they have not paid the outstanding bill for many months.
In this regard, MEPA urges the HNLC to understand all the facts as mentioned above especially that the media has to follow the rules of law according to the order of the court.
India is famous for its knowledge and understanding and India's G-20 presidency will help spread India's message to the world: Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam, he said.
On 12th October 2021, Prime Minister Narendra Modi inaugurated the Dandi March from Sabarmati Ashram which will end on 5th June
I welcome you both and congratulate all the supporters and voters who have taken the decision to become members of the TMC family. from the heart, with purity and dedication,” said Dr. Sangma.
The government at that time had promised to complete the demarcation within 45 days but until now it has not come to fruition.
Such teachers after 20 or 30 years of teaching will always be equal to born teachers or those who were born to be teachers.
In my opinion, I find this to be true, if we don't get people who can see the vision of the future, the country and the nation will perish.
By amending the Municipal Solid Waste Management Rules 2000, the Government has amended and republished the Municipal Solid Waste Management Rules, 2016 on 8th June,
If you go to Parliament you have to speak only Hindi.
“The NPP itself has no candidate (for the Shillong seat).
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The Cabinet of Ministers held an emergency meeting on Tuesday evening to discuss the shooting death of four Khasi-Pnars. The Central Bureau of Investigation (NIA) and the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) should not allow the investigation into the shooting death by the Assam police.
Adding to the question raised by the MDC of Lyngkyrdem, on the condition of the tree planting in Lailad, the MDC of Laitumkhrah, Bah Antonio War, asked the CEM, why the Answering a question, the CEM of KHADC said that the reason for the destruction of the trees planted in the area is 20 hectares. wild elephants and the burning of the timber plantation.
The 40 candidates whom the MPCC has approved to send to Delhi for approval from the AICC include six engineers, eight master degree graduates and Ph.D.
In terms of tourism, Meghalaya has also started to grow, but only in Sohra and Dawki.
At present, there is only one road connecting these two villages to Rymbai and Lad Rymbai market and this road is separated from the Rymbai-Suchen road at Umshong.
He also urged the unit that when there is a beginning there will also be an end by holding more games and not just this football tournament.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The State Government of Meghalaya (UDP) has issued a statement saying that many words have been raised at the same time. orders HNLC to stop recruiting new members and at the same time to stop illegal anti-government activities for the sake of peace and development in the State as a whole.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Minister in charge of Electricity AT Mondal said that the department has gone to talk to NTPC after the increase in the bill to T .665 crore outstanding and if allowed to continue, it will soon reach T.1000 crore and will cause a huge problem to MePDCL and MeECL. the State Government.
Shillong, Nailar 27 : The Mairang Presbytery Women's Church has beaten the Rambrai Presbytery Women's Church in the Futsal Tournament organized by the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod Sepngi.
We will not rest but will continue to make Meghalaya safe in terms of access to drinking water in the future.
He said that the failure of the Executive Committee is due to the power of the chairman and not due to lack of pay.
According to the findings of the Committee to investigate corruption in the education department, there are 29 vehicles purchased by the Police Head Quarter which have been used by AIG (A) and most of them are not. don number plate.
Youth is the time when we decide to dedicate ourselves to the future and we are encouraged to imagine and do many things in life.
“Women will soon come out to protest on this issue and the meeting, on the 28th of November, will decide on the next step,” he said.
It is also through the approval of any District Council that the Act can come into force and that is by public announcement and to date there has been no announcement by the Khasi District Council or any authority. implement this Act of the Urban Development Department to the areas under the jurisdiction of District Councils.
The NLCN may have emerged because of the differences between the two parts of the same state.
In an interview with V. Narayanasamy, Lapang said that the Executive Committee of the Meghalaya PCC has discussed the issue of the relationship between the post of Rangbah Shnong and the involvement of government employees. and the village and other organizations.
Khliehriat, June 6: As part of the monitoring of the seizure of coal in East Jaintia Hills District, one of the political parties of the district, Khliehriat Circle, today, including the leaders and members of the They have met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS to get an explanation from him regarding the coal seized by the district authorities.
This was announced by Samla Badonboklang Malngiang Sports Secretary of KSU Mawlai Circle.
The transportation and vehicle fees for the delivery of these items under these three schemes will be paid by the Government to the Wholesalers or Dealers, as usual from time to time and at the distribution point. everyone was asked to stand at least one meter apart in the line.
Besides, we find that such incidents have happened while the governments of Meghalaya and Assam are in talks to resolve the boundary issue in Block I, Block II, Khanduli and other places.
“It is not easy to form a new party, you have to have a foundation and until now no new party has had any issues what to do when they win but the RDA has no issues. when she succeeds and reaches the goal," he said.
The Revelation School is not just for making Christians or a place that teaches people just how to get to heaven beyond this world.
NSS Volunteers from Jorhat and Titabar cleaned up neighboring villages, Mizoram Akashvani Aizawl joined the Swachhata Hi Seva campaign and took an oath for India is clean.
On the petition filed against the JHADC, Mukul said, “The government and the district council will fight against it in court.
The Minister said that any violation of the Suspension of Operation will be punished strictly and will be considered a violation of the agreement. rules of engagement.
For grade IV too.
According to the Sordar of Raid Lyngkhat, the boundary of the square is about 200 meters away.
On the other hand, it was reported that many vehicles carrying cows and muid, without any examination, came from the gate, which is located in Umling. They went down to the gate, where the doctors used to wait, as a sign of concern for the departure of the doctors from the place.
The name and honor also remain in poetry in her writings or that wisdom that does not penetrate the souls of human hearts.
In West Jaintia Hills, there are 10 cases including 9 high risk cases and one screening case.
Speaking to Mawphor, although this incident has happened since July this year, this Longkmie, although she lacks knowledge and is also a poor family, wants to The villagers have lodged a complaint with the Patharkhmah Police Outpost to take the necessary action according to the rules of law.
“On the absence of HSPDP MLAs at the meeting, he said, “They too are part of this alliance.
Today at the Public Service at 1 pm, a message from the Word of God was delivered by Kong Conquestina Lyngdoh, who spoke on the theme of this celebration which is “Hold fast to what you have " (Revelation 3:11).
He said the Cabinet during its visit to Delhi will meet the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) to submit its report on the shooting deaths of the four persons.
Earlier, the MLA inspected Block 1, Mawkynroh Umshing Village in the presence of Bah L.Diengdoh, Secretary Village and Rangbah Dong for the installation of solar lights in the village.
These were implemented by the VEC of Kyndong Wahlang.
The residence of Jain, owner of Odochem Industries, in Kanpur, was raided today and police seized Rs 177.45 lakh crore. in the house, which is worth Rs.17klur.
The former JSU leader also advised the youth to stop the registration of candidates in the upcoming elections and if presidential rule comes, it doesn't matter. .
Ma Bareh said that many times the Chief Minister has been reminded to revise the Reservation Policy as it was agreed that it will be revised after 15 or 20 years, but Captain Sangma, the Chief Minister, is wise and The scientist has been increasing his numbers from one year to another for 50 years.
Samlin responded to the statement of Bah Titos who said recently that if the UDP wins the election in Sohiong, there will be no change.
Respect for all religions should be the nature of all the people of the country.
He said that in the coming days, any colleges which are not authorized to implement the NEP 2020 in Meghalaya should inform so that the university will do its utmost to ensure that the implementation of the NEP 2020 in Meghalaya is successful. which is equal.
This shows that the President of a major party, like the BJP, has a strong power and voice, in which he can demand that the government or the Chief Minister, to answer the issue. , which he feels is necessary and this may not have happened in other parties of the MDA coalition government, that the President of the NPP, UDP, BJP, PDF, have dared to open their mouths, as he said. The BJP chief's demand that the state government should seek a detailed account of the expenditure of T.25 lakh by the MLAs in each constituency is shocking. This is the money that has been allocated to help the victims of covid and therefore, if the MLAs, hide the money, or buy it by other items, will be illegal and the State Government, should take action against these acts.
The Apostle Paul said, “When they believed the good news of the kingdom of God and the name of Jesus Christ, they were baptized, both men and women” (Acts 8:12).
The Phe Office also awarded prizes of T.10,000/- for the first prize, T.7000/- for the second prize and T.5000/- for the second prize. the third rank.
“We have handed over to the Executive Member in charge of the Town Committee, Bah Neil Antonio War, to consult with legal experts before going to the High Court to challenge the decision of the state government to illegally pass the KHADC Building Act. “, said the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem after the opening of the meeting of the Executive Committee and the parties.
He said that as the people of Mawkyrwat, we need to look forward especially this year to the celebration of the Golden Jubilee of the Parish Mawkyrwat.
On this occasion, Prestone said that with the increase, the state government through the transport department will be able to collect revenue of T.7 crore per month.
Regarding the Sohtrun market, we spoke to one of the Longkmie who grow Sohtrun from Shangbangla village, and according to her, she said that since the outbreak of COVID-19, it has affected the market. They, because of the difficult market, had to sell Sohtrun at a high price.
They know Alexander the Great, Hitler, Napoleon, Bin Laden, Donald Trump, Kim Jong-un, Narendra Modi and other great men of the world.
However, now we see that the meeting is no longer only between the Chief Ministers of the two states but has reached the Government of India in the presence of the Home Minister, Amit Shah,” he said. said Mr. Nongrem.
Gizang Area: Out of 13.53 sq km, Assam will get 10.63 sq km while Meghalaya will get 2.9 sq km.
Mawsynram, July 29: The United Democratic Party (UDP) of Mawsynram Constituency on Saturday inaugurated its full office in Mawsynram. UDP candidate from Mawkyrwat Constituency who took part in the opening ceremony in the presence of Bah Ollan Sing Suiñ UDP candidate from Mawsynram Constituency in the presence of elders, women, youth and women officers from various Units.
Modi's own government has shown that the Muslim birth rate has declined sharply in recent days, but he says we are still producing many children.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the government will conduct recruitment at Shillong Higher Secondary School as although the school has been upgraded to a Higher Secondary School, the number of There is a shortage of teachers and staff to look after the school.
Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat won the first place with 27 points, followed by Little Star Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat which won the first prize. Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat came second with 12 points while Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat came third with 12 points.
There are restrictions, there are protections and if necessary we can provide, and I mean, if I want the road but I don't give land, that can't happen at all,” he said. Run.
Police have searched the truck and found dozens of bags of Ganja with a total weight of 500 grams. weight.
A short speech was also delivered by the Supervisor of the District Social Welfare Organisation, Bah Patrick Dkhar, who explained about the various schemes available from the DSWO office, such as food allowance. There are also schemes such as assistance to those who have been abused, those who have been abused and those who have been abused and those who have reached the age of 65 years. These schemes are available from the One Stop Center and others.
The meeting was conducted by Amir Khongmalai and speeches were delivered by Rangbah Shnong Bonison Umsong, President Dewi Khonglah, former General Secretary Don Khonglam and Honroy Khongsdir, Sordar of Raid Mawja.
However, at the time of writing, none of the bail cities have come forward to sign the necessary documents.
On the other hand, the president of the Meghalaya People's Labor Union, Bah Erwin K Syiem Sutnga, said that there are places in Delhi where passengers can take tickets and go to their destination. There are no brokers, the same is true if you do it inside Guwahati Airport.
Speaking to media, the General Secretary of FKJGP, Bah Dondee C.Khongsit, said that the FKJGP has come to meet with the FKJGP. They requested the Minister that the power outage should not affect the students who are taking examinations.
Shillong: The Union of Village Leaders of Maweit Area Village in a meeting held today has decided to temporarily ban the entry and exit of heavy vehicles carrying timber, mawleiñ, rnga and others. others.
He said that now all the leaders of the HSPDP are no longer HSPDP since its dissolution, and they have the freedom to join any party, whether Congress or BJP and others. The National Parties but not the National Parties which have worked with the HSPDP because they do not have the slightest gratitude to their former leaders.
Paul said the reason for the delay in the hearing of the case is due to the delay in the cooperation of the Assam police who seized the rice and the allegation that the rice was smuggled.
The children also learned that inside the cremation there were white fish and shymprong without eyes because they did not need eyes inside the crematorium to survive.
Lambor Malngiang, the only MLA, and Adelbert Nongrum, MLA of KHNAM, did not attend the meeting.
During the hearing, the Amicus Curiae gave detailed information about the areas where drug trafficking is rampant.
Nongstoin MDC Bah LG Nongsiej, MDC of Nongstoin, Bah LG Nongsiej, was also present at the incident. It takes about half an hour to reach the village.
Last night I saw him alive and doing this as he used to do every night while watching football.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has rejected a ceasefire proposal by Hamas militants through Russia and warned that Israel will take tough action against its enemies. .
Jesus is the King of Kings.
“I have just seen this allegation in the newspaper but it is just a rumor, it is not true,” said Dr Kharlukhi.
After a year of waiting, I have the opportunity to join Jaish ... By the time this video reaches the public, for you to watch, I myself have reached heaven and this is the message I am the people of Kashmir,” said Adil Ahmad.
The case has been scheduled for hearing on 02nd November 2018 in the Supreme Court, New Delhi.
The tournament started on the 10th of November and ended today.
On the other hand, due to the forecast of the cyclone SITRANG, according to the information received by this reporter, all schools have been closed today and many public places have been closed due to the weather. The sky has decreased the number of people who come and go to public places or markets and this has been witnessed even in Nongpoh today where there are fewer people coming and going compared to other days. long as always.
The Assam Khars have started to invade the Narpuh Reserve Forest near Assam to the villages of Malidor and Ratachera.
The new CEM of KHADC, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, is the EM of Trade who has introduced the trading license during his tenure as CEM Ardent Bassaiawmoit. The order that the Hima Myliem should no longer issue NOCs to foreigners for commercial purposes, has been canceled immediately without the EC of Bah Ardent.
The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, who is also the MLA of Mairang Constituency, said that the UDP has included in its manifesto that the Reservation Policy ( RP) will look again and it is up to the party where they will take to discuss this issue.
Because in the end there is no point in working hard, if you don’t get the right price,profitable in the market.
“God is total knowledge by being the self abiding in all beings"-Bhagawad Geeta of the Hinduism.
He added that some of his friends involved in the coal industry have said that they have now received Challans to transport and buy the coal auctioned by Coal India Limited, no longer by smuggling.
The JSM leader urged the leaders and members of the Western Region to monitor these issues so that the government does not take action to provide these schools for the benefit of the students of the region.
Angkit Tamang got 2/67, D Marak got 1/66 and Cham Marbaniang got 1/7
After that, there is no point in living.
“We will work hard and fight to win,” said NPP State President Dr. WR Kharlukhi on Friday.
He said that the Bailey Bridge has also been temporarily used to allow heavy trucks to pass through Shillong.
At the same time, the FKJGP has demanded that the name of Barapathar should be changed to Khasi.
Shillong: Regarding the violence of Assam across the border of Ri Khasi-Jaintia, it is not illegal to send the state police to protect the border and the farmers who have been insulted and tortured. They have illegally destroyed their crops and farmland, especially in Khanduli, Nartiang, villages which Assam has forcibly destroyed in these days, by JCBs and Tang tih tih.
Not only that, the traffic jam continued on Saturday 17th November and this has caused problems to the passengers to Dawki Market and many have to get out of their vehicles and board boats from on the other side of the Umngot River to reach Dawki and the traffic jam continued throughout the day, even on Saturday.
The Sub Divisional Magistrate, Sohra Civil Sub Division has announced that escorts will be provided for the students who are going to write examinations in Mawlong area from outside Mawlong.
The JNC also urged the DMHO office to provide all the necessary facilities especially in the remote areas so that the people will not lose hope especially during these times. lyngshop the power of nature.
Hours of traffic jams and waiting have left drivers tired, exhausted and feeling like prisoners in their vehicles.
The Committee is empowered to look into all cases relating to seizure and may also take a decision at any time necessary.
One night while sitting by the fire, Panah said, “Ri, I love you like my own son... I don't care ei ei... You too don't feel strange ei ei to me but say whatever you want. I need what I can for you..." Panah promised in front of her mother.
What caused the people to talk in the market was about the reputation of PN Syiem as the second Tirot Singh.
The meeting was led by FKJGP General Secretary Balse Kharbani and speaking to media after the meeting. Commissioner, said that this is after discussions with the family members of the deceased who have requested that the party should help and do something in this regard.
“New jobs can only come when we walk in new paths,” said Prime Minister Duh. He said that the new India is achieving new goals and taking them. new ways.
Several decisions taken at the meeting included supporting the decision of the KSU Khatarshnong Circle that all foreign workers should leave the area temporarily.
Sutnga SSCC and Rymbai Skhenshynriah won the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) on Thursday.
“We need economic development, but we need the kind of development we need as our nation.
He said that if the festivals are held only for the youth of the area, nobody comes to see or listen but when the festivals are held, all the people come.
So why do we want to send a Congress MP?
Fortunately, due to the vigilance of the owner of the house, no tragic incident occurred, because before the earthquake, the owner of the house had ordered the residents to leave the house. .
The Chief Minister said the government has already decided to set up Corona isolation centers in different villages for those who are infected with the disease but do not need hospital treatment. These centers will be at the community level and will be assisted by the government in the accommodation of health workers and also in the provision of oxygen beds. and the government will provide about 300 beds in all the villages with the assistance of the villages.
The meeting was conducted by Donkupar Syngkrem, President LSYA, Jowai and included Bible reading and prayer by Pynhun Shylla while Pynhiam H Kharkongor, Adviser LYSA told a brief story of the journey of LSYA. Encourage the youth to live a life of improving what our ancestors have left for the heritage.
The Working President of KHNAM said that the Sengbhalang are not armed, but why has the government searched them in this way? party leader.
Samla Carmelious Sun and Samla Jeofrey H. Jarain as Spoke Persons of the party and about 20 Executive Members from all the Presidents and Secretaries of the Circles of the District were present on the occasion.
What was noticeable was that this did not help at all.
“The Deiñkhlam of the Tein Hills from Dulong, the Wet from Panaliar, the Doh from Lumïongkjam and the Pdeiñ Hills from Lumpyrdi have been produced. Lumkyrwiang and Tpep-Pale, who are the children of the Raij's mother, said that in the evening, the 'Khnong Blai' of the 'Bom' plant was also taken away from the hill of the Khon Raij.
The union alleged that the reason is that the doctors are more likely to go to their own clinics than to work inside the hospital.
The drugs were carefully packaged in 9 soap containers and a small bottle.
At this point, there is no understanding that the money power will be the strongest determinant of the victory and formation of the government in
It may be recalled that in the past few months, the office of the Syiem of Mylliem, has decided to cut off all the cows in Khanapara market and the reason is because the smugglers will not get They were sent to Bangladesh.
“Although the CAB has died, there are still three Notifications and Orders, namely the Foreigners Act 1946 to allow Bangladeshis to enter the country, the Long-term Visa to stay in the country. months and Passport Entry to allow entry into the country and these notifications must also be canceled and protect the country and the nation,” said the Chairman of NESO.
“There are also allegations that these weighbridges have taken money without following the price set by the state government,” said the JHCMA.
He said that the DC will discuss the matter with the SP of the district.
In order to clean up the Umran River, which is one of the most prominent rivers in Ri Bhoi, it is necessary for the government authorities as well as the village authorities nearby to explain to the people. There is a need to clean up the Umran River, because as it is now, if everyone works together, there is still a way to clean it up, but if no one takes responsibility, the river will soon become famous. Ri Bhoi, will become like the Wah Umkhrah, a river which has been filled with garbage and which has deteriorated its appearance.
More than 20 shops were reportedly destroyed in the incident.
“The great PA Sangma is no longer with us, it is an inexplicable incident,” said former Chief Minister Bah DD Lapang while taking part in the funeral.
In the second semifinal, Jarain SC beat Dongmihsngi Mupyut 1-0
“While we are walking on a slow path, the authorities are enforcing rules and regulations.
RM Kurbah said that as soon as she received the letter of complaint from the GSU leaders, she took immediate action and sent an inquiry into the incident to find out the facts.
Regarding the allegation that there is no money laundering by the police at these patrolling points, the DGP denied that there is any such thing.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, UDP Amlarem Circle President K Pohshna said the party wants a candidate to win the 2018 MLA elections.
Regarding this, the union has urged the Rangbah Shnongs to monitor the movement of foreigners inside the village and has also urged them not to allow foreigners to enter the village. and if they get the opportunity to cut their thighs, they will not riej anymore.
The body of the drowned man was recovered by a dive team from Shillong and handed over to the family members after completing all the necessary arrangements.
“It was when I called to ask what happened that my brother went to the KSU office but my brother told me that he was shot and bombed. I went quickly and found out for myself what had happened.
The promotion of the cultivation of this mushroom has been undertaken by the Ministry of Agriculture under the implementation of the Mushroom Mission on three pillars – technology, marketing and community involvement.
Conrad Sangma said the decision to punish anyone will be taken after the committee submits its report.
“We have arrested some of them and what remains is the law to judge them,” said Mukesh Meena, joint commissioner. of Police.
It is located within the boundary of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council.
The Director of AIIMS in Bhubaneswar will hand over the bodies to the BMC Health Officer after following the guidelines laid down by the state government, central government and the BMC. The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has been asked to clean up these bodies, he said.
There are 10 cases in South Garo Hills.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Superintendent of Shillong Civil Hospital, said that no cases have been confirmed yet.
I'm your biochemical warfare.
Dipankar scored 40 runs, including two runs which went to the boundary.
According to her, she doesn't like to play on social media like facebook, whatapps and other activities to pass the time but she spends about two hours studying every day.
Tbn.Spainlinmi B.Lapasam, son of Ma Wanbor Suchiang and Kong Bhakam Lapasam, and wife of Pynthyndalang Ymbon, resident of Sahsniang A, West Jaintia Hills District, has received the degree of Doctor of Science. Philosophy (Ph.
In this regard, Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik has allocated T.1.95 crore to provide compensation to the families of the 39 people killed in the incident from Odisha.
At the meeting, the Principal Secretary Revenue and Disaster Management Department said that about 25 people have died and 24 are still missing.
Following the letter from Danggo, the Lamphang today announced that the wife of the Chief Minister of Shira has been appointed to the Executive Committee.
The body of the victim, believed to be 22 years old, was found on Friday evening at around 6 pm.
However, they don't say, 'We will decide whom to elect after we get the manifesto or after we look at the issues of the election.
He said that in the past years, Mr. K.Pariat and those who have been talking about this problem have been facing the Muster Roll workers, as well as the lunch teachers in the schools even during the not yet prime minister.
When asked how much he sells per kilo, he said that there are two types of tit, one white and one blue. The oyster is called the Oyster and the market price these days is 200 tyngka per kilo.
After being infected with Covid-19, many people are following the rules on how to protect themselves from being infected again.
He was also a spiritual teacher and his teachings were about love and unity among human beings.
“The skills and abilities that they already have shows hope for the future,” he said and expressed his gratitude to the Working President of the MSOA and the team who have entrusted him to lead the The chess team is working to identify players who are talented and who have the potential to improve in various sports.
Union Minister Shripad Naik said the government has been involved in the efforts to address the challenges faced by seafarers who are part of the income generating groups. among the Indians.
However, the government has ordered the dismissal of Kong Laloo from the post of Commissioner of Taxes and Secretary of the Excise Registration and Stamps Department.
The incident came to light when the residents of Padve-Mazagoan complained that when they turned on the lights, the machine turned on the lights at the Congress headquarters.
Mr Hamletson Dohling: Information technology and Communication, Community and Rural development, Soil and Water Conservation department.
On Tuesday, Rambrai jyrngam MLA KP Pangniang personally visited the area along with journalists to inspect and ensure the peace and order of the people of the area.
Antrolius Marak President and Shiva Deb General Secretary of the Khasi Hill Tourist Taxi Association were present. Shillong: The MDCs of the United Democratic Alliance (UDA) on Tuesday decided to support the MPLU. Titos Starwell Chyne to be their leader in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
According to information, this is due to the lack of BSF personnel to patrol the area as many of them are involved in the election campaign.
“We don’t want the ‘Manipur Regulation of Visitors, Tenants and Migrant Workers’ Bill 2015.
These youths who have already been trained in the field of Security to become protectors and security personnel will first bring peace and order in various areas, were distributed and introduced by the Syrnods of the Association. These 24 youths were honored by the Dolloi of Jowai Elaka, Puramon Kynjing and unfurled the flag of the Association. Army Lipon President, OC Jowai Police Station S. Manar, BAM Adviser Iahmioo Khyriam, Waheh Shnongs and other invitees were present. parents of trainees.
She said that schools should provide internet access to the students to fill out the form online so that it does not disrupt their classes and to focus only on this task.
Lasarus Jer Maring won the silver medal in the 46 kg category in the Senior Men's category.
During the inspection from Bataw to Lad-Lakadong, the government was able to select the Football Ground of Umlangsha Village as the most suitable location.
Here are some explanations of how milk benefits the body and health.
“The decline of the ethnic parties in the state is due to the fact that there are no longer leaders like BB Lyngdoh, SD Nicholroy, Hopingstone Lyngdoh who have a clear mind and who are truly leaders. the present leaders whose minds and understanding are only on paper,” said Bah Bindo.
Nongpoh: The Longkmie together with the elders and school children from Pahammawlein 20mer village, this morning at 11 am, went to block the Weight Bridge at Narang village, Ri Bhoi District.
Timi Ryngkhlem claimed to be Chibeit Phawa from Iooksi village, while Humi Kynjing claimed to be TImi's wife while Warjri claimed to be the spokesperson and leader of the deception. and thou shalt go everywhere, and shalt not buy the land that thou hast made.
Former Governor RS Mooshahary, who contested the Lok Sabha election from Kokrajhar constituency in Assam from the Trinamool Congress, was defeated by 17,537 votes. Mooshahary was also elected to the NOTA in the constituency.
She said that the market is now going well because there are many people who want it.
Because those who succeed are not because they have the ability to become lawyers or knowledge, responsibility or vision but the main reason is the power of money.
Nongrang is the first female IPS from the State to hold this senior post in the Police Department.
Tackling the challenges required multiple campaigns.
This is what has earned this village the title of model village.
They said that if this Bill is passed, it will put at risk the villagers of the North East from the infiltration of foreigners.
Rida listened to me.
To bring about a clean and safe village free from many diseases, the residents of Namdong B have conducted a cleanliness drive around the village and parts of the Jowai Nartiang Khanduli road within the village.
Long don't go to the hospital.
When we use the Pnar language, it proves and confirms that we are the ones who lived first.
The result was published on the website of the fake result, and many people were confused that the result may have been stolen, but when they looked closely, it was found that it was the result. published last year.
He said that students from the country are less likely to continue in research work and at the same time they are less likely to receive the Novel Prize Award, compared to other countries. in the world.
We have not accepted it as a nation.
“I am still busy with my own affairs, I don't have time to think about politics,” said Ardent.
The Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) has said that the implementation of the Roster System should be done from behind and not from behind. review and improve the recruitment process.
Shortly after, the Government of India has allocated T.186.295 lakh for the improvement of the road and T.186.295 lakh has been allocated for the cleaning. .18.611 lakh for the maintenance under a 5 year contract.
Because instead of guarding the culvert (fencing), they guard the NH-6 road or the houses of people inside Umkiang Village.
The 2nd Above 40 Football Tournament 2022 was inaugurated by Bah Sounder S. Cajee as the chief guest. Stalyne H. Diengdoh, MCS, SDO of Ranikor Civil Sub Division (retired), Mawten Village and others were present.
The meeting with the Chief Minister did not impress the party, as out of the eight demands he promised to implement only two.
On the other hand, the FKJGP under the leadership of Samla John Marngar together with the members of the FKJGP, together with the leaders of the FKJGP West Khasi Hills District, has informed the office of the FKJGP. I'm going to see another doctor.
Nartiang Pohshnong, a village with many traditional religious leaders, will celebrate Durga Puja on the 30th of this month. on Thursday, the 29th of this month.
In India, the largest states contributing to the country's economy are Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Puducherry, Karnataka, Goa, Maharashtra, Gujarat, Haryana, UP, Telengana and Madhya Pradesh.
Let all RS follow your example.
As the days of the main race in Tawang approach, the excitement of the participants who are looking forward to running together to showcase the spirit of unity through this marathon which is the main objective of the marathon. at Tawang Marathon.
During the investigation, it was found that these khar mynder do not have a Work Permit or Trading License to trade in the Khasi-Pnar areas according to the satisfaction of the land owners. They are also working illegally in Jaintia Hills.
However, the next day, 31st July 2022, the Shnong has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills, regarding the illegal patrolling by the BSF in the houses and in the center of Umkiang. .
They don't care about their parents or those at home.
“Shortly afterwards, Rijiju tweeted, “Another BJP candidate, Taba Tedir, is the second MLA to win unopposed from the 16-Yachuli Assembly Constituency in Arunachal Pradesh.
Ilasiewdor Gashnga, Social Worker of Halfway Home, gave the welcome speech.
The counting of votes will start at 7 pm and end at 4 pm on 19th June
There is no place to walk in the market, at the taxi stands and bus stands, on the streets because there are too many kharpoiei who hold the market. in close proximity to crowded areas and especially in traffic areas.
By doing so, these poiwir, support each other and when they do so they get complete happiness because they have been paid.
According to his relatives, the former MDC has been suffering from an illness for about three months and is undergoing treatment at Dispur Hospital in Assam.
Former Secretary Umtangi Bah Benedict Jarain and four other residents of Umtangi have decided to support the woman and requested the dorbar to reconsider and cancel the decision. against the longkmie.
Earlier, the Congress party had been angry with the party for giving tickets to two foreigners, Monirul Islam from Balachanda and Sader Hossain from Shyamnagar. He has filed his nomination papers from the NPP and is SG Ematur Momin from Shyamnagar constituency.
He said that every year at least 65 colors come from different villages to enrich the religion.
I ask why the government has not convened a meeting of the State Security Commission for a long time now. I have asked this and I have spoken in the House. but they also have the responsibility to take investigations.
Jowai, Jymmang 03: U Sniawbhalang Dhar, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, today visited Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai to prepare the Detail Project Report (DPR) worth Rs 25 crore. to rebuild the stadium according to the present era.
The Union has warned that if this demand is not implemented, the Union will not refuse to hold a strike.
Trinamool Congress MP from West Bengal Derek O'Brien on Tuesday said, “Choose the right flower and you will get not only an MLA but also an MP who will serve and work alongside your MLA. .
Neville DB Nongrang spoke on the PMEGP Scheme, which includes the service and manufacturing sectors.
The council has its own funds and the Reserved Fund as of 28th June 2019 is Rs 2.70 crore collected by the departments of the council.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, some of the jhur vendors in Ïewdielang said that the price of jhur and jhep has decreased and sohsaw is now sold at T.60 per kilo. The lowest price of sohmynken is sohmynken which has reached T.200 per kilo and metor which has reached T.100 per kilo. T.400 per kg.
“The KHADC should respond that the government should completely remove this article to insult the village headmen,” said Bah Titos.
“There is only a small area where the EAC wants to occupy but we don't allow it.
We also thank our friends whom we can no longer name who prayed with us and sent their condolences in any way.
He became a man of God.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: Two men, Jiten Masynting, 55, and Jamona Khongmawloh, 25, have been arrested while they were driving bih in Wah Byrdaw, Pomshutia, Pynursla. The incident happened on the 14th of this month at 9:30 pm when the police arrested these men while they were trying to kill fish.
The government has sent its personnel to these villages to take stock of the damage.
HITO leaders wish Solomon a speedy recovery.
Rymbai Pohskur SC will play against Chiehruphi SYWSC at 12 noon while Lumputhoi SC will play against Bataw YWSC at 2:30 pm.
Shillong: A group of Mawshun exporters to Bangladesh, under the auspices of the Meghalaya International Chamber of Commerce, Dawki; They have sent a letter to the Minister of Roads of India, Nitin Gadkari, to convey to him the problems faced by the Seng regarding the NH-4
Blood platelets are components of the blood that protect us from excessive blood loss during injury.
Phoni Dutta has been elected General Secretary and there are 30 members of the Executive Committee and other office bearers.
In order to address the issues of the youth, Mawphlang MLA Bah Eugenson Lyngdoh Mawphlang has joined forces with the District Administration and the Mawphlang Community and Rural Development Block to hold a meeting. so that the youth can learn that the Government cannot appoint but it is only the hard work of the youth to become a bright future and the future of the nation.
Before introducing the Bill, Bah Adelbert said that the Bill was introduced to recognize and respect the feelings of the people of the State, to ensure that the Meghalaya Prevention of Gambling Act, 1970 will not be violated. and to repeal the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act,
Jan Jatiya Gaurav Divas is celebrated every year on 15th November to commemorate the birth anniversary of Birsa Munda, a great freedom fighter, reformer and national leader of the country.
in.
The sohniamtra from Wahkhen has been selected as one of the best and cleanest sohniamtra in India and the world.
The wearing of jainkyrshah by women is because of their protection of their dignity and manners, and in the past even parents, children, brothers and sisters used to threaten and kill their brothers and sisters who did not wear jainkyrshah. When there are many, this custom still exists in many families.
These are like hourly workers, day laborers, as well as those who earn once or twice a month.
Sohra MLA Titostarwell Chyne was the chief guest and in his speech at the meeting, he promised to erect a special monument to Bah Brington at Laitlyngkot, the village where he was born and raised. five.
(I will write an explanation of the meaning of “Lyngngam” later).
“There are about eight issues that the party has prepared to submit to the state government on the Reservation Policy and Roster System,” he said.
Bernard said this while commemorating the Labor Corps Day in Garo Hills where the Garo people gave their lives in the struggle against France.
Shillong: Due to the government's ban on the import of fish from abroad for the past 15 days, the local fish market from the state has been slow but will not be able to supply for many days.
Jowai, Jymmang 11: Up to 17 schools from across the district have come to take part in the 'District Level Inter School Athletic Meet Association.
Because of the slowness of the Assam government in this regard, it is hoped that the Meghalaya government will immediately use the necessary measures to avoid Border Clashes and Assam police on the border.
Sarlangki Dkhar Secretary Dong Barato-A said in a statement that the Additional Emergency Working Capital of T.30,000 crore has been allocated to the farmers. NABARD will continue to support the reinvestment of T.30,000 crore in addition to the T.90,000 crore already allocated by NABARD to meet the needs of Rural Cooperative Banks and RRBs. • This will benefit 3 crore farmers, mostly low income farmers.
Jowai, March 16: The Bouncers Association of Meghalaya (BAM) Jaintia Hills, under the leadership of its President Yoosar Kynjing, today evening welcomed Sawakani Lakiang at the Jowai-Shillong road.
In another match, Khliehmuchut SC beat Pynthorlangtein 3-0
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Central Body (HITO) through its President Bah Donbok Dkhar has sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya to remove the need to admit classes in schools through In a letter sent to the Prime Minister, the HITO Students Wing has demanded that the CUET examination should be canceled in Meghalaya and the requirement for the CUET examination should be cancelled. get classes at schools.
According to a source, the incident happened on the 1st of this month at about 4:00 pm, when the victims were mother and son; They suspected that the woman had a close relationship with the husband of the child and on that day, they went to shoot the woman by cutting off the parts of the body with a blade. the head and the hair of the head.
This was announced in a statement by Bah KK Khongjoh, General Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong Mawlai.
The soldiers sustained minor injuries and were taken to Pynursla CHC for treatment.
"However, although the work is ongoing, there are still those who have not been able to supply fuel and also those others who have not been able to do so. the public should never be affected," he said.
She said that some people were also taken away but released later. She said that the SDPO of Pynursla, who is in charge of Mawsynram, had visited the village to hold a meeting in the presence of Rangbah. Village for the maintenance of peace and order.
The deceased was a member of the Umran Dairy Presbyterian Church, Mawbuh Ri Bhoi Presbytery, but she was not buried with honor at the Church Cemetery. Because they were blocked by another group belonging to the same church (Presbyterian) and which made the family members of the Longkmie, they could not refuse to bury them in their own land in the same village Umran Dairy. .
The state government, after receiving an order from the court to implement the laws, has been given the authority to dismantle these illegal factories and to arrest those involved in this illegal activity.
Shillong: Agatha Sangma, 39, has married Dr Patrick Rongma Marak.
On the occasion, Bah PN Syiem said that the only party that can bring about change in 2023 will be the Congress party.
Oksana confirmed on January 21 that she has given birth to a son from Muhammad, who has been her husband for more than 24 years.
Ma Fedrick Synnah extended his special thanks to the teams of the Jaintia Hills Development Society under the leadership of the Director who have shown their responsibility for the poor and urged the people to They should not lose hope at this time but they should join hands with the Central Government as well as the State Government so that the whole country and the state can break the chain of spread and accept this disease.
He said he was surprised that when he was diagnosed with tuberculosis in 2000, he has been living with only 25 percent of his heart for 20 years.
Shillong: The Regional Committee of Ri Bhoi District, headed by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, today submitted its report on the inspection of nine border villages in Ri Bhoi District. They handed over the documents to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
They immediately informed the ANTF police who arrived at the scene.
It is to be recalled that on 28th November 2020 at 7:30 pm, a child died in the womb of his mother at Ganesh Das Hospital.
On the other hand, Bah Comingson Dkhar, Chairman of LNPRAC, who conducted the meeting, said that the village leaders and residents in the area want a clear recognition that they are Pnars in Meghalaya and that the Government it shall turn to exalt them as it does to others.
Otherwise, such applicants will not be accepted.
On the part of the chief guest, Pastor Jamir from Rehap Center gave a speech and urged the youth to avoid the evils of society.
Meanwhile, police said they have also arrested a GNLA member identified as Salsrang Ch.
Chairman of the Mawlai Unit of APSTA.
Besides the fee of T.500 at the Screening Center for those who come from other places, Kong RM Kurbah, also explained that those who need to get the COVID-19 Free Certificate, that is because Regarding this, Kong RM Kurbah said that those people who need to get this certificate, who have to go for testing themselves and when they go To test, they have to pay T.500 for the Antigen Rapid Test only, while for other tests the price will be announced later.
“The Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India was introduced by the Congress government in Meghalaya as part of giving special recognition and protection to the minorities of the state because the Congress respects all salonsar” said Shama.
You are true patriots, You protect the persecution of the nation. Prison is a high school. You don't want to be persecuted for your country.
The bodies of the deceased were taken to the Civil Hospital, Shillong for post mortem.
Scott O'Donell, Technical Director, AIFF Academy, said that the success of the test shows the skills of the AIFF. can complete this MRI test.It is a commendation that this test has been conducted.
On the occasion, Pala also promised to donate about 5 lakh tyngka for the construction of the school building. new.
He said that as it is, the Block office should be in a rural area and the land in Mawroh has not been allocated by the Forest Department.
So I don't see there being any problem," he said.
In this regard, the Meghalaya Commercial Truck Owners and Drivers Association (MCTODA) has demanded that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) should take action against the incident. arrest those involved immediately so that the truck drivers will never be harassed by the tax collectors who wait at the gates erected along the road.
Instead of suspending immediately, the department should have ordered the Deputy Commissioner and DTO to allow them to arrange or register if they have not already registered.
Shillong, November 7: The Central Executive Committee of KHNAM has informed the public, especially the residents of West Khasi Hills District, that a public meeting will be held at Markasa on the 08th November 2016 from 11:30 pm to explain. He explained the party's foundation and work to the people and the area, especially for the party's candidate for the mid-term MDC election from Mawthadrashan.
Niakha told Rida, “That's too much.
Aritra Paul (97), Trijal Agarwal (82 not out), Jamesbirth Ch Sangma (80) and Agatchu (78) scored runs for Tura.
Remember us in your prayers.
The states that will vote four times are Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra and Odisha.
“We are not very poor, we will invest money to build proper roads in the state, and the government will allocate money to all the constituencies of 60 MLAs,” he said.
In the women's singles category, WKH won the title while Asem Chanu Shivani (EKH) won the second prize.
The starting time of the race has been changed from 8 pm to 7.00 pm and all participants are requested to report at 6 pm at Thadlaskein Road.
Some of the things that we expect from this government that we have not done are a) the failure to arrest the shooters of one of the members of the KSU at a meeting held in Itchamati.
He said that the prayer is for those who have suffered and lost their lives and loved ones that God will support and help them in such a sad time.
Shillong Lajong FC, who have not lost in the I-League, are ready to face Delhi FC on Tuesday at 2 pm. SSA Stadium, Shillong.
The Sordar of Kynshi Bangla Village, Bah Aibanrikupar Syiemlieh, said that the road has been in disrepair for about three years.
With the victory, Meghalaya will return home in preparation for the final match against Manipur which will be played in Shillong from 2013 onwards. 15th.
To defeat the Syiem Lapaten, it is only possible to kill 60 ksew who are the strongest guards of this Syiem. They sent a man from the Myrjoh clan to serve in the house of Syiem Lapaten.
With respect to those who deem it necessary to use it, in any work, let it depend on their own faith and understanding.
In the U-16 category, St. Alfred Secondary School won the title and in the boys category, St. Joseph's Higher Secondary School won.
Quiet! It doesn't matter, but listen to me when I tell you the truth so that we don't lose our national heritage in this country.
“The elders of the area, regardless of party, will hold a meeting to discuss the needs when they win.
The minimum price for heavy and medium vehicles is 7 tyngka while the highest price for traveling on the road is 7 tyngka. it is 11 tyngka per kilometer.
Speaking to reporters today, 7th March; On the other hand, Samla Anthony Umiong President, FKJGP Maweit Circle said that in the view of the FKJGP Maweit Circle, the presence of coke factories in other parts of the state has not benefited the people, but only a few people benefit from these factories.
He said that during the rainy season, this road is no different from the Nonbah River and sometimes it is more.
From the Tyrna Bridge, police have been waiting to investigate and question the people about their movements to and from Sohra.
He later opened a middle school with Bengali as one subject along with other subjects in Mawkhar.
The KSU has set up a Madur Unit and a Nongbah Unit under the jurisdiction of the Jowai Unit.
In a statement, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the amendment of the Sixth Schedule has been discussed on the recommendation of the Committee headed by the Minister of District Council Affairs. DCA), Jame K Sangma to hold talks with the Parliamentary Standing Committee and the Government of India.
Shillong: The office of the Development Commissioner, Meghalaya Government has urged all residents who have not yet registered their Aadhar numbers to register their names as soon as possible.
On the special theme of the day “Our Peaceful Feature”, Doly Lamare Asst. District Organizing Commissioner (G) said that in these days, many kinds of challenges have come to the people which has increased the price of peaceful livelihoods. long man man.
She said it is the responsibility of the government under the Constitution to implement the orders of the Supreme Court.
The political system of today has become a great blessing for some but it is also like a storm that hurts the soul and brings suffering to many especially to those who are poor. colorful and juicy.
U Bah Shakliar Warjri, Minister of State for Sports, promised to provide assistance from the government for the construction of a basketball court so that those who come to this place can spend time in sports. and other requirements for the equipment of the Center to provide services and be a blessing to the youth and the community.
Conrad said this while speaking at a function to commemorate the International Day of Indigenous Peoples organized by the NEIPF Meghalaya State Chapter in Shillong on Tuesday.
However, in this new system, MIL subjects have been converted into elective subjects when a child can choose any subject unlike before when MIL was compulsory.
At the same time, illegal logging factories are also widespread, but the Forest Department of the State Government and even the District Council authorities have not taken action to look into these illegal activities which affect the income of the people. the state government.
In the past few days, it has not been possible to say exactly whether the Purno government will collapse but there are signs of change amid increasing doubts.
The President of the Khasi Jaintia Fish Wholesalers Association (KJFWRA), Bah Mitchell Wankhar, said that 10 trucks of fish were imported from Andhra Pradesh and Assam today.
The injured were rushed to CHC Umsning for treatment.
Another factor is the improvement in the dropout rate at the Elementary Level, which is 10.1 per cent and at the Secondary Level is 21.7 per cent.
This is the first time that Dippu has taken five wickets in BCCI domestic cricket, and he also took 4/18 in the first innings to score 9/72 in total.
Even in the 2023 elections, there have been many words used to criticize but we continue to remain friends in the MDA Government,” he said.
During the inspection, it was found that the PHC has prepared 4 oxygen cylinders, 5 beds in the PHC and there are still many shortcomings. you have been infected with Covid-1
The tournament for men was inaugurated by Prof.L.Kma as the chief guest, in the presence of N.Das, Asst.Director (PE & Sports), on 22nd July .
Ltd, Saumya Mining Pvt.
There have also been suggestions from the left and right that perhaps the chronic illness that has affected my life is the opportunity to see myself whether there is more or less and if it is to say plak means, “"
At the time of writing, no trace of the cows and the people involved in the theft have been found.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Shillong City has strongly opposed the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) 2019 introduced by the BJP-led NDA government.
The Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya in November, 2018 passed a resolution proposing to the Government of India to include the Khasi and Garo Languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
“All these companies have not been able to pay even the old price of 70 naia per quintal per kilometer which is also the government price, but they have paid as much as they want,” he said. and Balen who was also added.
On the peace talks with the HNLC, the MLA strongly criticized the MDA government for failing the peace talks and withdrawing the HNLC from the peace talks.
The selection of these players came after they performed well in the tournaments for the State.
On the other hand, Bah Dominic S Wankhar, General Secretary of Pynursla Block Trinamool Congress, said that they came to join hands with the party only to take advantage by asking for financial assistance to hold the event. at Riwar Festival.
The list of political parties does not end here but it is expected that more and more athletes will come forward to participate in the political field especially those who have purpose and ideas. to contest this election without writing shun the gods.
Upon arrival at the border areas, the CEM and a group of EMs went straight to Ummat village under Raid Nongtung where they visited the sacred place where the ancestors used to bury their bodies. day of that 12 kur.
The second match was between Mawlynnong Fighters and Symper Rangers and Symper Rangers won by 55 runs.
The meeting was opened by Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Pema Khandu, Manipur Chief Minister N. Biren Singh, Assam Chief Minister Hemanta Biswa Sarma and Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma via video. Union Minister of Law and Justice Kiren Rijiju and other Ministers and MPs from the states.
The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has admitted that it has not received a copy of the complaint and the copy will be sent to the Muktiar in charge of the Council.
In Mylliem, youths and women have turned to the house of Mylliem MLA, Bah Ronnie Lyngdoh carrying placards to demand that their MLA should speak on this issue. that Young.
Shillong, Lber 24 : The Archery Association of Meghalaya (AFA) has organized the 2nd NTPC National Ranking Archery Tournament (NRAT)
It is on this subject that our Lord Jesus urges us not to worry (Matthew 5:25). The question is why does He not allow us to worry? The reason is because anxiety cannot bring any good in a person's life.
“It is the conmans who destroy the nation and because there are too many businessmen and conmans, the problem now is that we don't have any more statesmen,” he said.
Between the rule of law and a poor society, a rule of law that is full of lies and deceit, a world that is rich and poor, a world that is poor and sick.
He said that the Act destroys the laws of the Hima or Elaka, does not recognize the powers of Rangbah Shnongs, there is no need for Rangbah Shnongs to obtain Sanad from their higher authorities. The Act also recognizes non-Khasi Rangbah Shnongs elected by the people.
" “This market has brought great benefits to the farmers and residents of Nartiang and other neighboring villages as well as to the traders and market visitors who get all kinds of agricultural products and this market is one of the “It's the oldest market in Jaintia Hills which has increased the income of farmers and residents,” said Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar while inaugurating and laying the foundation stone for the twice a day market at Wahiajer. on the Pynsiñ Market and on the Tuesday.
Vivek Syiem said the police are still asking the court to charge Julius under Section 5 (C) 6 of the POCSO Act which is part of the law to apply to public servants. Other charges against him include Section 366(A) of the IPC and Section 3(a)/4 of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offenses Act (POCSO) and Section 5 of the Penal Code. Immoral Trafficking Prevention Act (ITPA).
They are 'Laitlan' MLAs and no longer light-mon or independent MLAs.
At present, poverty, unemployment of the youth and even the elderly, child marriage and drug abuse are the problems of the village.
The reason why the Dean of CAU, has been released from the state, is that today it was seen that the members of the KSU, have been very angry with the actions of the Dean of CAU, -ngut Longkmie working in the area and which prompted these Longkmie to lodge an Ejahar against the Dean.
Bah Paulus Marwein, an elderly man who is over 60 years old, said that this victory is a special blessing from God.
The seminar was conducted by the Secretary of the Kher Youth Association Shri.
Therefore, after we have been complaining from time to time and if we don't see any fruit, the time will come when we will have to show it by our actions, which is a sign of resistance. The Khasi villages on the border with Assam are ruled by Assam.
They said that if the power outage continues, it will be a huge loss not only to the people, but also to the students studying in schools, colleges and various educational centres. different from the shopkeepers in Khliehriat.
In a statement, HSPDP Mawhati Area Unit Secretary Tyngshain L Lapang said that the meeting will be attended by leading leaders of the HSPDP, including the President of the HSPDP, Bah Ardent. Miller Basaiawmoit, together with other leading leaders of the party, to explain to the public regarding the clean governance of the party as well as to explain the foundation of the party. The HSPDP Mawhati Constituency Area Unit in collaboration with the HSPDP Mawhati Constituency Area Unit invites the people of Mawhati and other areas to attend the public meeting to hear the explanations on this issue and also 2004 Dr Mukul Sangma (INC) 119175 VotesPurno Agitok Sangma (AITC) 191938 Votes2009 Agatha K Sangma (NCP) life (IND)10976 VotesBye Election 2008Agatha K.Sangma (NCP)181761 VotesZenith M.Sangma (INC) 81905 VotesBoston Marak (ANC) 28607 VotesJohn Leslee K.Sangma (IND)10976 Votes17089 MINCrma17089 8 votesFully Invited Sangma (NCP) 220024 votesIsmail Sangma (IND) 8683 votesWinstone Momin (IND)11479 votes2014Purno Agitok Sangma (NPP) 239301Daryl Momin (Congress) 199585.
Although they are still looking forward to their first victory after four defeats, Meghalaya will play against West Bengal on Thursday.
MBCC President Khelor said that in the past, the Congress used to win the elections in Mawsynram but this time it will win with dignity and surpass other candidates.
Speaking to media, the Minister of Home Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbui said, “Police are following up on this matter and this email and soon we will know the source of this letter”.
Therefore, it is better to avoid smoking cigarettes completely to avoid many diseases related to the body and blood.
Dhar congratulated the staff of C&RD Block Lumshnong and all the people of the area for their success in their jobs and income.
Khamkhrawkupar Sohtun of Pomlakrai, Shillong, who has disabilities, has come second division in the SSLC out of 26 students who sat for the examination. and Lum Shyllong Higher Secondary School, Pomlakrai.
On the other hand, Bah Banjop Sanlein, one of the youths of Keniong Village, said that the Jio network in the village is not only working now but it has been happening many times. Therefore, the people of this area who rely on this network have lost their jobs.
On the other hand, the HNLC, Bah Nongtraw, wants to clarify to the public that the HNLC's coming forward to talk peace with the government is not a sword, but a desire to reach an agreement and resolve the issue. on the political issues of the Hynniewtrep people.
Stephan Ranee was honored by the Vice President of Ri-Bhoi District Bah RC Thangkhiew at the Patharkhmah House of Representatives. In the presence of the Sordar of Patharkhmah Village, Bah Sintalis Sankli and President of Patharkhmah Youth Club, Remington Syngkli.
Therefore, the union strongly requests the government to take action on this issue.
The traffic jam again may be due to the fact that it has just started these days and another reason is that people have started going to the market for the Christmas celebration.
Nongpoh: Police in Ri Bhoi District, today conducted a surprise raid on those vehicles which do not have the High Security Registration Plate (HSRP) on their vehicles.
Shillong, July 25: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today held a meeting to discuss the issue raised by Bah James Ban Basaiawmoit, MDC Mawkhar, on the announcement by the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Mawkhar. The Village Administration Bill, which was held on 30th July, 2015, was passed by the Village Administration Bill.
Women are no longer like those women who should maintain dignity and household.
“He also said that there has been no change in the demands of the group.
Such infections have been found in hospitals and child care centres.
Dawki won the tie-breaker 4-2 after a 1-1 draw.
The disease was first detected in India in April last year.
“In the past, parents used to send their children to school to get education and understanding but now it is no longer so because education is a powerful tool for the future of the nation,” he said. state.
He said that the BJYM has also strongly condemned Dr. Mukul Sangma for protecting his ministers who are involved in the recruitment of teachers despite the High Court. Meghalaya has already issued an order to punish those involved.
Speaking on the future, she said that she will study for B.Com and at the same time prepare for competitive examinations.
When there are any programs of the Government, other ethnic groups come forward to take and fulfill their responsibilities, whether in terms of EPIC, AaDHAR, Health Card, Ration Card as well as in terms of access to opportunities. protection such as injections for children or vaccination against COVID
The German Research Center for Geosciences said the magnitude of the quake fell to 5.7 on the Richter scale, while the US Geological Survey measured it at
When everyone in the house knew, the mother told her daughter that she should send a visitor to the house as an introduction.
This has led to the people not accepting the schemes proposed by the Assam Government.
“They (Government) have tried to take all these problems of Jowai to other places whether in Sutnga District or Amlarem.
The deceased was identified as Marius Sumer, a resident of Lapangap but who came to live in Wapungskur.
Therefore, to improve the working of the presbytery, the leaders unanimously decided to build a proper office building.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Publicity Secretary of the Jaintia Students Movement (JSU) Skhembhalang Dkhar said that the union strongly condemns the attempt of the factory to violate the rights of the citizens.
As the years go by, he starts increasing the investment and thus the income also starts increasing.
Shillong: The Additional District Magistrate of Ranikor Civil Sub-Division has announced that the Balat Market will be closed until 5th March 2020, following the confirmation of a case of covid positive in the market.
To avoid especially unhurried swellings.
“Who will take responsibility?” asked the MLA. Noting that this is not the first time, he said that this incident shows that the authorities have no responsibility and therefore should be condemned. by all because this will affect the health and precious life of human souls because water is life.
To commemorate the 100th anniversary of the hospital, the hospital has improved and beautified the entrance to the hospital.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Ronie said, “About 6-7 land owners who are entitled to land have not received their land. There is also the amount of money paid for the demolition of houses and land for the construction of the Umroi Airport.
When inquired, he said that the remaining oil with him is still full for 3-4 days.
When asked, he said that the department conducts training programs with the participation of farmers as well as farmers.
“There is only a fire in the guest house of the High Court but it is not a serious damage,” said Bah Wahlang.
Whatever you say, you'll be right.
“It's not easy to get married.
Richard said the slogan “We are Khasi by blood, Indian by force” is very inappropriate because the Syiems of Hynniewtrelp have not signed the Instrument of Merger with the Government of India. the leadership of pandit Nehru as Prime Minister.
He said that the AR (Administrative Rule) has been repealed to enable the CEM election to be held. The District Council, where CEM Denang T Sangma resigned from the post of CEM in October this year, has not raised the issue of no confidence in the Executive Committee.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, today said that the government will seek a show cause notice from the management of Ganesh Das Hospital. A woman from Mawlai Mawtawar has lost her child in the incident.
There are also people who smuggle coal for a long time, but no one has stopped them because the government ministers are involved, while the small coal smugglers have become increasingly debt-ridden and suffering.
“However, he confirmed that most of the documents come from the law or the court,” he said. you are the owner.
In fact, in our country there was a prophecy about the coming of the Saviour.
On this occasion, it was also handed over to these leaders to complete the formation of the Executive Committee in accordance with the Constitution and also to have members from all parts of the North East.
Judis Shadap, an ASHA from Mowtyrshiah, West Jaintia Hills, recalled how in the past they had to wait a long time to receive their payment after sending their work to the ASHA Facilitators.
An All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) supporter was seriously injured when he was attacked by NPP supporters in Charbatapara, Phulbari constituency in West Garo Hills on Tuesday night. District.
On the other hand, the Opposition Leader in the Meghalaya government, Mukul Sangma, said that Conrad Sangma's cleanliness on the coal smuggling is because he does not know anything about it.
Pius has registered his name with W Biam, Returning Officer at the office of the Deputy Commissioner in Mawkyrwat.
“We have decided to sell the land to the government for development works,” said the sordar.
AAY rice will be distributed 35 kilos per month free of cost, PHH rice will be distributed 5 kilos per month free of cost, while Non-NFSA rice will be distributed 5 kilos per month free of cost. 7.215 kilos per kilo at the price of Die Lang at Rs.12.00/- per kilo and at the price of Die Khutia at Rs.14.00/- per kilo.
If the father had expelled the child from school, he would not have changed his behavior, but would have become worse and worse.
In connection with this incident, the Shnong authorities together with the family members have informed the law enforcement authorities.
“We are the party that received the most votes than any other party.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) MDC from Mawlai Constituency, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw has sent a letter to the President of the UDP, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh on 21st October 2022 to inform him that he will leave the party.
The purpose of this project is to provide training to the food vendors in various aspects including health, hygiene, hygiene in the way of serving food and how to dispose of garbage.
The tournament will also help the Association to prepare once again for the Ranji Trophy, which will be held in Shillong starting in November.
DSO of WJHD K. Pasah, WJDSA President EMH Passah, WJDSA Vice President Patrick Lamare, WJDSA office bearers, teachers and organizers of the tournament were also present on the occasion.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The Border Security Force (BSF) has arrested three local soldiers on charges of involvement in the shooting death of Bah Roning Nongkynrih. Jalynteng, Raid.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng 18: U Bah Thynda Sana, President of the Khliehriat Block Congress Committee (KBCC) on Tuesday sent his resignation letter. He said that his resignation is for personal reasons and he wished the party and its office bearers to continue working hard for the good. you're in the party.
The CCP office said that the seized Ksiar contained up to 20 lyngkhot ksiar wrapped in black tape in four bags.
The party strongly condemns this brutal act of the army which has resulted in the loss of two lives,” said the UDP. At the same time, the UDP has condemned the attack by the Assam authorities to destroy the The construction of the Sericulture Department in Umwang Square.
According to the signs, the state government does not want to protect this river.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, HANM President Lamphrang Kharbani said that the HANM leaders have called for talks after they held a sit-in at Jantar Mantar, Delhi on the 3rd of this month. November.
The valleys, the rivers, the forests, They give me peace,The flowers – the skud, the soh – the pai,The heart – the syrpai! ;They have a special voice,To heal the disease!'Er batemon – they 'er iwbih,They color the sorrow;The valleys that fall in the middle of the night,They destroy the nation.
Especially those who do not humble themselves in the KYNRAD (PAIDBAH).
Satan and sin will destroy mankind like Sodom and Gomorrah.
On this occasion, Bah Metbah also invited the people who witnessed this programme, to learn from the teachings of the life of Tirot Sing Syiem, who fought to the death against the the authorities of the British Government, to preserve the culture and uniqueness of the Khasi Hills.
“It's not like I'm going to lose my mother.
However, according to the agreement, he said that if the Municipal does not use the land, it will go back to the Hima Mylliem and the Hima Mylliem will rebuild the market.
There are two other rangiakura of the State, but they have suffered defeat.
Shillong, Jymmang 3 : The People's Democratic Front (PDF) will take a final decision on joining the National People's Party (NPP) at the General Council on the 5th of this month.
During the elections, they give whatever they want, as long as they promise to do good, they talk about development.
In fact, as parents, we should not use such words or other insulting words in front of our children or others as well.
Meghalaya Games 2024, Tura, will be historic as Hon’ble President of India, Smti.
Jowai, July 25: The All Jaintia Youth Welfare Organization (AJYWO-EJZ) has resigned from the committee of nine protesting organizations in Jaintia Hills. The group of nine protesting parties in connection with the Mookhep incident has informed the group of nine parties that the party has withdrawn from the Mookhep incident. A group of nine political parties have called for a protest in connection with the Mookhep incident.
Shillong, June 10: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Saturday expressed its dissatisfaction with the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam to resolve the border issue. , has strongly criticized the Government of Meghalaya for allocating 18.46 sqkm of land to Assam without the permission of the landowners.
According to statements received from government officials and NGO leaders, they said they believe that the attack and killing was carried out by members of the Allied Democratic Forces (ADF). is a Ugandan militant group based on the DRC border and that the group has joined forces with members of ISIS to achieve this. you can snow.
Regarding the delay in the opening of the sub centre, the Lyngam Indigenous Federation (LIF) recently visited the sub center. She found that the area has become a hideout for criminals by taking advantage of the house.
Imran Khan, after surviving a shooting during a rally in Wazirabad, Punjab province in November last year, named Rana Sanaullah as one of the leaders. certain officials who wanted to attack and take his life.
Sanbor has T.19,67,780.57 in SBI Shillong Branch, T.70,16,431.84 in SBI Kench's Trace and T.1.95,70,981.90 in State Bank of India. even.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The Biometric quarry in Dawki area has been suddenly closed at 3:30 pm this afternoon.
Shillong, July 26: The MDC of Mawlai District has expressed his concern over the difference of opinion between the PHE and the PWD over the implementation of the blue pipeline at Umjaiur village. They have dug and buried the pipe underground but the PWD has not allowed the PHE to improve the road because it wants to work itself.
Women are now in charge of many jobs in sectors such as Amazon Fresh, AWS Public Sector, and others.
The driver of the Alto and another passenger in front sustained serious injuries while two other passengers, Starbor Shadap, 53, and Brington Synnah, 48, died on the spot.
Time passed and his children grew up and he himself grew old and unexpectedly his wife died two years ago.
Shillong, Nailur 27: Two petrol bombs have been detonated at the residence of the Inspector General of Police (IGP), BR Rana on the 4th floor. didn't break.
In other places, the land and mineral resources belong to the government and are given to others to mine, but here the land belongs to the private sector, the mineral resources belong to the private sector and The Government is only an agency to issue licenses to others to mine coal.
Speaking to reporters, Dr. Don said he is confident that these two UDP candidates will win the MDC election 2019 and he said that the UDP will be able to rule in KHADC and will win. more than the number should be received.
The heavy rainfall on Thursday morning in Shillong has pleased the people who were waiting for the rain to cool down from the extreme heat.
We request the public to be vigilant and to immediately inform the police nearby if they see or find any strange objects, song, items. shoot floating in the river," said a statement that came from police officials.
“We woke up.
Moosianglamare New beat Moopala SC 2-1 while Wahsanphaw SSC beat Umlong United 4-0 on artificial turf in Diengshynrum on Tuesday. God.
The party urges the people not to believe and be deceived by such rumors.
According to information, the land owners from this state have not entered except for a few.
He said that there will be no beef shops in Iewduh and other parts of the Khasi Hills.
He threw two of them, one on his right and one on his left.
The school, which received assistance from the HYC, is known as Hujon English School, located at Umjari Mathan village in Ri Bhoi district. I saw that the school was very busy.
The Central Government has already issued decisions to strengthen the income of the villagers so that they can live in peace and harmony in their villages without leaving them behind. However, the State Government has not fully implemented this and there are still many areas where various departments or agencies of the Government through the Rural District The Department of Community and Rural Development of the Government of Meghalaya is still in operation.
“Not only that, the government has also given 6 city centers under the jurisdiction of the KHADC. Minister," he added.
The match against Delhi was the best match for the state team on 18 June 2023, where they scored five goals and Delhi conceded only one goal.
Mukul Sangma's tyngshop was burnt at the burial place of the three at Mot Kiang Nangbah near the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
The names of the medal winners for the state are as follows:-Jefferson Ryndong (Sub-Jr-35kg) won the gold medal; , Fullshai Myrboh (face), Wanpynkhraw Marboh (face), Alfinia Warjri (face), Edaka Warjri (face), Espiranza S. Songthiang (face), Dakaebaka L. (face), Same Emlang Iawin (face), Feliza Hujon (face). ), Ngi Banylla Iawin (silver), Bashisha Nongrum (silver), Sany Khyriemmujai (gold), Arkin Khraw Dkhar (gold), Banmankhraw Dkhar (gold), Evadahunshisha Kharmudai (gold), Tanya Kumari (silver), Himanshu Kumar (gold) ).
Speaking as the chief guest, Mr. Wailad encouraged the youth not to lose heart in their preparation.
On the other hand, Rtn.
“It's a good idea to have a public service because it's a service to God,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, HYC President Robertjune Kharjahrin said that in Iewmawlong areas there are areas under the jurisdiction of the government and there are areas under the jurisdiction of the District Council.
However, according to statistics, out of 251 million households in India, 1.6 million have not yet installed smart meters.
“On this issue, the Umkiang Youth Wing is also very concerned about the deterioration of the road from Tuber Shohshrieh to Malidor. Through this road, we face many difficulties especially during the time of illness when it is difficult to transport the sick to the places for emergency treatment,” said the statement.
Shillong: The High Court of Meghalaya has dismissed the case against the election of CEM, Bah HS Shylla in the Khasi District Council and fined Grace Kharpuri, MDC, for allegedly violating the election of CEM. dismisses the case.
This can be achieved by spending more time in dangle reading,” Chhetri explained to the children.
They are usually guilty of up to five crimes.
There is one who dares to say that he went to write the 1951 census in Langpih.
Know how our leaders went to meet with the Garo.
This has received praise from many quarters and many said that it is the right thing to do and will also serve as a lesson for the voters of the state.
“You don't understand that in your conversation with me today.
According to some teachers, the Board wants all the students to pass the examination to eliminate part-time schooling.
“We cannot accept the Minister's claim that ASHAs are only volunteers.
However, in the midst of the efforts to preserve the mother tongue, there is an issue of incorrect or incomplete characters used in the mother tongue, or there are also different meanings of words that are newly born. and it is very difficult to translate them into one's own language.
They also informed that the ban is only for tourists but has no impact on the villagers.
It is on this basis that the Hima decided to visit the village and when they reached the village, they found and felt sorry for the villagers who had to flee to the forests.
The ban on holding these competitions came after a child who was born in the middle of the road died in a traffic accident during a fishing competition at Pamphyrnai on 16th November.
Tennard M Marak has applied to the Supreme Court on 2nd July 2013 to verify whether the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma is a Schedule Tribe. ) and the Court has informed the Secretary of the National Commission of Schedule Tribes, New Delhi on 20th July 2014 in WP (C) No. 12/2 to the Chief Secretary of the State on 14th June 2014 letter No.F.No.TDMM/1/2013 STFMG/SEOTH/RU-II. Commission on the 21st of this month for the purpose of taking to the Supreme Court in due course.
He said it is the duty of the state government to ask the central government to release the money, but it is surprising that the central government will give the reason that it does not have the money. The SSA program has been allocated for many years and if it doesn't have the money why doesn't it have only Meghalaya.
U Bah Roning, who was driving a cow truck, was suddenly shot dead by BSF troops. After the incident, three BSF troops identified as Moni Singh, Head Constable, Sengel Constable Singh and the driver of the vehicle, Kdam Kishore, were arrested.
The JSU said that there are only a few people, most of whom are traders from Jaintia Hills, who want to build a railway line in the area.
Another entrepreneur, Ayushi Beriwal, who participated in the Cohort 2.0 programme, thanked Prime for the guidance that helped her in choosing to start her own business. .
These include the final of last season against Mawlai Sports Club and Langsning Football Club.
Therefore, the Syiem said that to protect the border, it is necessary to have the cooperation of the Dorbar Shnongs, Raids and District Councils as well, so that Assam cannot cross the border. you are from Meghalaya.
Explaining the strength of these drugs, the DHO said that they cannot use more than 4ppm because in a short time the soh will rot. The soh is good for only a few days and after that it will rot and disappear if it is not managed at the right time.
On the other hand, the Waheh Shnong of Thangraiñ, P.Sungoh, said that the election campaign is also part of the efforts to comply with the directives of the Election Commission of India. to hold a clean and transparent election.
He said that the union has demanded that the KHADC should not issue NOC to the Uranium Corporation of India Limited (UCIL) and the Government of India for the mining of uranium. “It has the same position that we take in this regard,” he said.
The incident occurred on Tuesday morning.
He said that the biggest challenge facing the government in bringing about economic development is the 'land' which often they are reluctant to provide land if any projects come until the implementation process is slow.
Details of the incident are not known, but it is understood that these church leaders have returned to Shillong today.
Also to the circle which has helped us after the power outage which lasted for about 2 months.
On the other hand, the Dorbar also decided that the Rangbah Shnongs and Nongïalam Shnongs together with the Longsan and Mansan of the Raid should take that responsibility to maintain the peace and order of the children of the thousands and at the same time the Dorbar. She said that in 15 villages under the Raid Nongkharai, the village leaders have been asked to sell land to people from outside the Raid and this is part of the preservation of the land. shrines within the Raid, he added.
Informing this in the House, the Minister said that last month they had launched the projects for this purpose.
Danny said that by making and publishing such statements and posting them on social media, it has insulted and brought a bad mark on the President of The Voice of the. The People Party, which is also a Member of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, said that these statements and publications through writings were made with the intention of insulting, injuring, defaming and insulting. and inadvertently disseminated communications to a large audience.
He said that according to the UNDP Ranking in 2016, there are 115 districts in India which are lagging behind in development and for this reason in The Aspirational District has been inaugurated by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi and the objective is to shape and bring about change in development through various projects through the objective of this Aspirational District.
The helicopter was damaged in flight and did not crash into Pakistani bombers.
Prof C Daniala, Medical Superintendent, NEIGIRHMS, congratulated the Department of Cardiothoracic and Vascular Surgery for their ability to treat this most serious disease. the skills of this team of ours.
The question is whether the parents should take over these responsibilities but if the parents do not have wealth, land and nothing to give as Q. The rank of women: Our ancestors have entrusted to the man two responsibilities or duties, namely, (1) the man is the father of the and (2) he is the head of the family.
The President of the Seng, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, said that the selection of students will be through an examination. The forms can be viewed on the Website of the Union entitled “www.studentsunion.com.
The match was very interesting and competitive in which the players from all the teams showed their skills to win the title, but in the midst of the fierce competition between the Ri- Bhoi United FC scored the first goal through Robert Khongjoh and Fashioning Syngkli to help Ri-Bhoi United win the title 2-0
She said that she will find out whether there was no doctor at the time of the injured youth.
Government authorities also seized the vehicle used by the suspect.
He said that before issuing tickets, the party has to go through three stages of inspection and the first and second stages of review and inspection have been completed and the third stage remains.
Speaking on the occasion, she said, “This is the spirit of the true athletes, young stars and young blood and young spirit. strong".
Two people have lost their lives after heavy stones fell from a mountain and crushed two vehicles and another in an earthquake in Nagaland on Tuesday.
These promises are empty and should only be thrown away,” said the NPP. The NPP also said that in the years 2010-18, farmers in the state have faced difficulties due to the lack of receive support and financial assistance from the Government.
Adelbert said that in the current election, the Inner Line Permit (ILP) issue will be one of the election promises of KHNAM. “We will protest as leaders and the state government should listen,” he said.
This challenge by the Meghalaya High Court shows that the Police Department of the State is very weak.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Theilin Phanbuh said that Meghalaya is a state that respects women because it takes its lineage from the women who have been trained by our ancestors.
Besides, through the petition, the MLA also urged the government to take action in these villages on the border with Assam, that is, to check thoroughly those who enter and leave and also to trace those people who have had contact with those who have been infected with COVID-19, which is also part of the prevention of the spread of COVID-1
It is estimated that the GDP has declined significantly compared to the previous nine years.
Chinese scientists have banned the purchase of salmon from European countries since last month and have also banned the keeping of these fish, which the Chinese used to eat. shet slowly and eat the fish.
Shillong, October 27: U Samla Bajop Pyngrope, MDC from Rambrai constituency, on Tuesday said that the President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) Ardent Millar Basawiamoit is against speaking in the language. Hindi, but the MP candidate whom they are nominating, told the media that we are not against the language but we support it.
In class IX and class X, students are given a choice between these two subjects, which means that those who take computers will no longer take the subject of health education.
“Despite his busy schedule, he took the time to come, and through the right opportunity, we will soon hold a meeting,” said Bah Blah.
She said that the price charged by the Seng Kynthei is very low compared to other Creches, as the aim of the Seng Kynthei is to charge a low price to support the brothers and sisters. women who need help.
Earlier, there was a dance by the religious leaders, leaders of the kyntoit and seinraij Wahiajer at the tre pyrda and 7 rots were brought.
Alos said the government has also asked the government to provide assistance for the construction of the stadium and the improvement of the tourist attractions in the area.
In the 2nd half, the match became more and more intense, and in the midst of the shouting of the fans of both the teams, the rang kynsai of both the teams struggled hard to score but in the middle of the match There is no one who can score even after the end of extra time but the fight is a school match.
Wellmanson also took two wickets in the match.
While the number of youths aged 18 to 44 years, through the Electoral Roll, is 1,27,071 lakh, but those who came to be injected were only 22,110,0 percent, meaning more people 45 and older and those 18 to 44 went in to get injected themselves.
Neither politics nor any other organization can destroy the nation.
Shillong: Pynursla Police Station, Shillong, on Tuesday evening, have recovered the body of a man who is suspected to have committed suicide after shooting his wife at Umniuh Nongrim village. Umniuh-Tmar district, which borders with Bangladesh.
The problem is that not only Jowai, but other towns and villages that will become towns later do not have a special village governance system.
The VPP, which was recently formed in recent years, has surprised many in the state after winning four MLAs in its first election.
Hinola Shangpliang, resident of Moodymmai, West Jaintia Hills District, passed away on
“With the firm belief that we can build Meghalaya, the Trinamool Congress party is there for your family and children.
TV Philip in his book The Kingdom of God Is Like This says, “In today's world and society, the poor will remain poor, the weak will remain oppressed.
Furthermore, the Seng would like to thank the officers and employees of the education department from the SDSEO, DSEO, Director of Schools Education and Literacy, Education Department who have worked hard for this cause.
“Besides, the party has also followed up on the request before Amit Shah that the Government of India should immediately include the Khasi language under Article Baphra of the Constitution of India,” he said. .
The earthquake also struck Assam and spread to other parts of the North East.
“The government should set up a Territorial Army and an Ecological Battalion in the state to provide employment opportunities to the youth of the state,” said KHNAM Samla President Thomas Passah. the media.
The success of this ban will only be achieved through the cooperation and initiatives of all stakeholders and the active participation of the people, the Union Ministry said.
Earlier, Swami Divyaswarupananda Maharaj, Assistant Secretary Ramakrishna Mission, Shillong welcomed all those who attended the event and Vairagya Chaitanya Maharaj expressed his gratitude.
Dunaill Chyrmang scored the first goal in the 18th minute and Fourki Dkhar scored the second goal for Samaro. Deibor Bareh scored the third goal in the 60th minute.
k) To have our own DSC which will create employment opportunities for many youth of Sohra District as a whole.
Jammu and Kashmir police have recovered AK 47 rifles and pistols from Akhnoor village last night and are believed to be in the hands of Jaish-e-Mohammad militants.
