After that, they also had a meeting with the CEM of KHADC where he promised to write to the government and to cooperate with the sordars.
Besides, they strongly criticized the government and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare by saying that the government should not do politics with the health of the people.
Up to 93758 people have been infected in the past few years but 92121 have recovered.
Speaking to media, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that this step was taken during his recent visit to Switzerland, one of the countries famous for the use of cable cars to attract tourists. the visitors.
Through this project led by the Superintendent of Fisheries, EJH, Bah H.Kharbuki according to the guidelines of the NFDB, it is expected to produce 1.5 to 2 million fish seedlings per annum. which will also increase income to Rs 3 to Rs 4 crore per annum.
They didn't even have a patlun or a sop anymore.
The Congress will rise again as we did in Himachal Pradesh and Gujarat.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Wapung Unit on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District demanding that he should remove the names of foreigners who have registered Aadhaar as residents of Moolamanoh.
Speaking at the Mega Job Mobilization Camp held at the Seng Khasi Tyrsad School, Umkseh, Bah Eugenson urged all the youth of Mawphlang Constituency to have hope and all the youth who stay in the world need hope because it is the value of youth for the future.
Jowai, Jymmang 01: The District Election Officer of West Jaintia Hills District today announced that the Expenditure Observers (EOs) including Monika Singh, IRS and Pardeep Kumar, IRS for the General Election to the Assembly. The Election Commission of India (ECI) for West Jaintia Hills District today arrived in Jowai and stayed at Tyrchi Inn.
The two youths were identified as Weljinus Mynsong and Bashanbor Mynsong.
He said that through the conduct of this programme, it will be of great benefit to the women to know the ways and means how to be brave enough to come forward for the purpose of creating jobs and as in these days of Unemployment The emergence of Longkmie to set up jobs is one of the ways to create jobs for Longkmie.
Men and women over the age of 30 who are active and more physically active need about 2,000 to 3,000 calories while men and women over the age of 30 who are more active need about 2,000 to 3,000 calories. you need about 1,600 to 2,400 calories.
On Saturday, he was invited as a special guest at the final of the DJ competition held at the Queen Resort, Upper Shillong.
The CM Office said that on Saturday, 17 students arrived at Guwahati Airport and were received by the State Officers, who also provided them with food before boarding the buses. The State has decided to take them to Shillong and Garo Hills.
In this regard and also to implement the vision of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to reduce the emission of greenhouse gases, the Northeast Frontier Railway has continued to operate two electric trains. from October 15, 2023.
Along with other leaders, Bashem Kharnaior was sworn in as President and Rijonstastar Rani as General Secretary of KSU Umïam Circle.
It is easy to treat if there are enough staff and equipment.
The elections for the 57 Rajya Sabha seats in 15 states have been a fierce contest between the Congress and the BJP. long between all the articles of this Seng.
Because the old coal has been sold, illegal mining has been carried out by illegal miners and secretly collecting the coal to show that it is old coal but in fact it is newly mined.
Akash Kumar Choudhury, who missed the last two matches due to illness, has taken 23 wickets in just three matches. to return to performing and thus ranked 13th overall in the country.
Although through the allocation of funds from the government and the donations from the village, the elders and the KSU we have been able to cut the road but we see that it is not enough and we want the government to clean up and allocate funds for the road. to Nongeitser.
“There is no point in street protests but they should know if it happens like what happened in Kashmir in our state and therefore they should not just ignore this issue,” he said.
In this regard, KSU Narpuh Circle under the leadership of President Samla KS Suchiang together with members and leaders from the District Unit on Tuesday lodged an FIR under the superintendent's office. of Police (SP) of East Jaintia Hills to punish the policemen involved in the shooting incident held on the 24th of this month at Thangskai.
“I don't have anything to say regarding other political parties.
The shooting tournament was held as part of the 7th State Championship.
It was also reported that T.24 crore has been paid to the hotels, which have been used, to accommodate those working in the health sector, as well as those who have gone to stay separately; Because of the closure of the dam, the outbreak of covid.
The incident was not reported to the police, but the family members cleaned up the body.
Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit is one of the leaders of the group opposed to the forced implementation of Aadhaar in India especially in Meghalaya.
Regarding the work of the Delimitation Committee, some of the elders said that if it cannot complete on time, the Executive Committee has no choice but to inform the Governor. .
Doctors in Nepal on Thursday treated and removed a bottle of vodka from the stomach of a 26-year-old man and a man was arrested for involvement in the attack. .
However, at such a time, the Union has staged a strong protest in West Khasi Hills District and demanded that the government should implement the agreement. The project will benefit the people of the area and the state as a whole in terms of electricity, employment and other development opportunities.
On the other hand, the Seng has urged the Ministers in charge of the PWD department and the MLAs and MDCs of this area to implement this road as soon as possible so that the people living in these villages can get blessed through this road.
The purpose is to build a four-storey building on the site and take control of Iewduh and Iewmawlong by bye passing the authorities of the Syiem or District Council, Municipal. was to state govt.
“It affects my time because every time I get food I have to serve and provide food to the teachers first, then I feed the children.
“It is an incitement, it is an incitement by empowered people, and it is what has encouraged their law enforcement officers to commit acts of violence.
Therefore, we don't want casinos to open in this city or anywhere near the major cities of the state so that the youth can escape from the temptations.
Taking part in the briefing, Dr Mukul said, “If there are any signs of such corruption, let the Government of India do whatever is necessary to investigate into those cases. so that we, if we are clean, shall be free from condemnation and the state shall be free from that evil mark.
J Markharmujai said that the government under the leadership of Mukul Sangma as the Prime Minister has brought in hundreds of crores of rupees to the state but nothing has been seen to allocate even 10 piah for the development of the state. education and teachers in this state.
“The court has fixed the hearing on the case on 5th June, and has allowed other candidates or those who wish to file an appeal before that date,” Quershi said.
“If we say that the High Court has approved the Roster Maintenance Policy, it is not because the High Court has said that we have not affected its validity and we have not affected the Roster Maintenance Policy. That's the merit of this Maintenance Policy,” said Robert.
Even after this lofty target, SCA-B s were bowled out for 46 off 5.3 overs in the rain.
The reason for this is that there are many vehicles coming from Shad Weiking.
“Implement the ban on mynder, and we will see whether it is necessary or not and after that, we will see,” said the President of the KSU. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, has demanded the removal of Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Urban Affairs.
The South Korean spokesman also said he looks forward to closer cultural and economic cooperation between South Korea and Meghalaya.
The road leading to Kynshi was also flooded and caused traffic jam for several hours.
If a man pleases God, God is full of love for man, even in the time of the children of Israel God made known all His ways to Moses for the sake of Israel because he is full of mercy.
This time, the contest was between the son of former MP PA Sangma, Conrad K Sangma from the NPP and the wife of Prime Minister Mukul Sangma Dikkanchi Shira from the Congress.
Therefore, the HNYF urges the state government to take action on these problems, which have forced the drivers of commercial vehicles to take action to stop leaving the road and which has caused difficulties in travelling. come to the crowd.
Leaders of the Garo Students Union (GSU), Byrnihat, after receiving a complaint on the death and loss of fish in the river, conducted an inspection on Saturday, at Thousands of fish were found lying on the surface of the Umtrew River.
Change must come from ourselves if we want change.
The Society also requests all the visitors to be aware not to pollute the environment and to avoid the spread of plastic.
He encouraged others to come forward to participate in these schemes provided by the Government, whether from the State Government or the Central Government through the Department of Fisheries, in order to increase income, growth. the welfare and well-being of the villages and the State as a whole.
Those who died were those who had not been injected.
Although the authorities in charge of various districts have issued warnings and appeals to the public to prevent the spread of this disease, but what is surprising is that some of the residents have acted improperly. above established and strict standards.
The Seng strongly criticized MeECL and expressed its surprise at the lack of performance of MeECL in relation to the power outage in Mooshrot Village.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 24: In implementation of the directive of the Election Commission of India, regarding the 72 hours before the polling day until the 2nd polling day, the District Magistrate of West Khasi Hills District, u Garod LSN Dykes IAS said that Section 144 CrPC has been implemented immediately from 24th to 2nd October 2023, which is the polling day.
“Although I didn't come here (Mawsynram) to meet the people to campaign for the election, I got more than 4,000 votes in the MP election and this is the vision of the people. Under the leadership of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi,” said Bah Sanbor.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Social Democratic Party (HSPDP) today held a meeting at Dinam Hall, Jaiaw-Shillong to strengthen the party in East Khasi Hills.
A report from the United Nations UNICEF said nine children had been killed in the fighting.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the Working Committee has decided to start opening the two schools. Industrial Training Institutes in the State in accordance with the guidelines laid down by the Government.
"The Dean also assured that the posts allotted for the locals will be left for themselves and that the transferred employees from Imphal will not take over the posts allotted from the part of the villagers.
When asked about the impact of the closure of power generation projects by the central government, AT Mondal said, “The closure of power generation projects by central government companies including the Kopili stage-I which can generate 200 MW of electricity has The state should receive 35MW, Khandong Power Station with 50 MW capacity of 8.51MW and Kopili stage-II with 25 MW capacity. The state has 3.45 MW, the closure of these power generation projects by the central government companies has severely affected the electricity supply of the state”.
From Laitduh, the ground flows to Mawphu, Nongsteng, Wahkaliar, Lummawshken, Umblai, Kohnongrim and many other War villages.
If you wake up in the morning, before seven o'clock, you will see the lightning that covers the city of Shillong.
“This application from the District Council is still pending but we have made it clear that until we get the approval from the Chief Executive Members of the people, we cannot issue NOC to build the road. railroad".
He is also one of the employees of the Jynkieng Umiam which is currently under repair.
Apporlet Shabong June 15, 2020 The outbreak of Covid-19 or Coronavirus, has severely affected the livelihood of the players of the football clubs of the state.
This is not a Hindu state, of course we respect the constitution of the country, but the authorities and the law enforcement agencies should take a decision that foreigners should not be allowed to enter the state. we.
Melvin Malngiang in the featherweight category 54-57kg and Sanjeev Maskut in the featherweight category 46-48kg were defeated by Himanshu Srivas and Ram Naresh Patel, who represented Madhya Pradesh.
“The landslide has also damaged crops and water pipes to supply water to the village,” he said.
VPP Mawlai Leader Brightstarwell Marbaniang said he would like to know whether the government has any plans to provide better infrastructure in Guwahati and Vellore. The condition of these two Meghalaya Houses is that many of the residents of the state are frequent visitors to these two states for health services.
The Lok Sabha Secretariat today decided to reinstate Rahul Gandhi as MP.
If I don't have a license, can I register? And the young man fled from thence.
The HNYF and the Longkmie have informed the Khanapara Police Station to take the necessary action. provisions of the law.
In a statement, the Secretary said that the KHADC Shillong has been urged not to renew the trading licenses without first receiving the No Objection Certificate (NOC) from the office of Syiem Langrin.
“I have nothing to say on this statement of the BJP, as they have also worked with us,” he said.
When he finished the mother asked.
Those who oppose will be punished according to the law, said a report from the KHADC office today.
Here we see the wisdom of Babu Soso how to give the impression and impact of the sound of the word "Kow" in the Nongkrem language which fits well with the sound of the word "Kow" The idea in these two lines is that if you put the word “Kiew” in the Sohra language, the pronunciation will be softer (sounding) and it doesn't make the member of these lines feel better. we read.
In the Under 18 women's category, Lyntijingkmen Ramsiej won the first prize, Larijanai Wartde second and Teilinshisha Ramsiej third.
“I would like to express to the Khasi people as well as the KSU and Karbi leaders that they are not enemies, but we are brothers and we must work together to have peace and stability on both sides,” he said.
In the case of HIV, our goal is to provide medicines, counselling, testing centers and others through ART centres.
“Conrad said he would discuss the matter face to face with Defense Minister Amit Shah.
Turning to the second service at 1 pm, a sermon was delivered by the servant of God, Pastor OS Mawroh, based on the Book of Exodus and the Gospel of Matthew, on the theme , the presence of God with Men.
Expressing his concern over the infiltration of mynder in the border area, Hima said that in Mawsynram, people from across the border from Bangladesh have been shocked and said that they will come soon. sha to the Khasi Hills.
Speaking to media, Prestone said that to find out the truth about the allegation that uranium waste from the uranium waste dumps in Nongbah Jynrin, the government has already written to the two Institutions, one NEHU and one IIT to investigate the allegation.
Referring to the program organized by the HFU, Bah Charles Marngar, congratulated the leaders of the HFU, saying that what has been done by the office bearers of the HFU, They should be commended for their hard work in the development of agriculture in the state.
The road is the Budlum in the trade of any country and nation, without the road the income decreases.
Referring to the health sector, the Governor said that the MOTHER Program has worked well in which more than 2 lakh women have received support from this programme.
Thousands of people from Nongstoiñ area including Catholic Church leaders, citizens, school children and others took part in the march. placard to call for peace and to stop the bloodshed in Manipur.
And God said unto Moses, I have seen this people, and, behold, it is a stiffnecked people: now therefore leave me alone, that my wrath may wax hot against them, and that I may drink them alive. him; and I will make of thee a great nation.
Before now, the works themselves will be explained.
This is your deed because you have taken the responsibility of becoming an elder in the household where your father is no longer alive,” said the master.
However, he said that in these five-day meetings, with the wisdom of the Lamphang, they can extend the meeting by 2-3 hours if necessary per day.
On the other hand, Bah Bipul Thangkhiew.
One of the leaders of the Union of Rangbah Kurs has strongly criticized the Clan Bill passed by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) which the Governor has not approved and rejected. Therefore, he hoped that the new Executive Committee would look into this.
The first ordinance is on the repeal of the Rajit Lal University Act,
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today wrote on his Facebook page that the total number of cases so far has risen to
Equal treatment for daughters and sons.
Sunny Augustine, SJ, MCS, AC (Election), Steveford Marweiñ, MCS, AC, Mawkyrwat, teachers and students of the college and other other de.
It is not wrong to eat or drink.
Whether in household or personal affairs, in trade or in any other field, we need to live a day so that we do not die or be deceived and lose anything.
The Minister also donated a computer and promised to provide a Badminton Court Mat or carpet for the LSYA. The Government of Assam has announced several decisions to restrict the movement of the people.
Speaking on the occasion, the National Executive Member of the BJP in charge of the election President, Bah AL Hek, urged all the MLAs and MPs of the state to They came to this meeting to support Murmu as the first presidential candidate among the ethnic groups.
The SWGHSCWA also explained that according to Articles 15(4) and 26(4) of the Rights of Everyone, a special share for employment and education is provided for the Schedule Tribes or Schedule Castes. , no one can destroy or change it.
The Additional SP of West Jaintia Hills, Chemphang Syrti, urged the residents of Borato and Maitdein to These two villages should refrain from violence, bloodshed, but if there is any dispute or land dispute, they should lodge a complaint with the law enforcement authorities so that the authorities of the Act shall be able to examine and decide on the rights of the people according to the Act.
A complaint was received from Princy Sohthiang, sister of the victim (Zacharia Sohthiang) at Sadar Police Station in connection with the incident and a case has been registered at Sadar PS under Section 326/307/3 “Since the morning of the 19th of this month, the suspect (Zacharia) has given various answers regarding the place of the incident, the time of the incident. “The investigation revealed that the suspect had boarded a private vehicle at Khyndai Lad near the road leading to the hotel,” said the SP. Pegasus on the 18th of this month at 9:45 pm and asked for the help of four occupants of the vehicle to help search for his Scooty by admitting that he had an accident at Mawprem. .
Gauri further said that Shah Rukh has had a strong determination in his life since he was a child.
More than 4,000 empty ammunition and 5 lakh rounds of ammunition have been stolen by unidentified persons from ammunition depots, police stations of various security forces in Manipur since the beginning of the bloodshed.
They are happy to have a law to ration the roads, just to please themselves.
Shillong, June 30: The National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (NREGS) or 100 days scheme (NREGS) has not received the right salary due to the large number of jobs done and lack of funds.
The book is a collection of one or two Christmas messages on various topics about Christmas in the form of articles contributed by the teachers of the college.
The meeting discussed the shortage of T.97,000 crore to the State Governments after five years of implementation of the GST. In 2022, said Ajay Bhushan Pandey, Revenue Secretary, Government of India.
The report has been submitted by the Inquiry Committee headed by a retired judge and is now with the Corporation.
Lucy Suchiang, Martina M Sutnga and Mynnucha Shylla were the dancers of the song.
This date change has not been changed but only the date has been changed.
Mix the shamoit of shynrai with a glass of milk and drink it about twice a day.
French President Emmanuel Macron will hold a meeting with the prime minister and government ministers to talk to the protesters.
In the first leg, Umtyra SC and Lad-Dongwah ended without a goal.
In Shella, the total number of voters was 29040 and the turnout was 24782 which is 85.34%.
“The railway line to Shillong and Jaintia Hills, the border market are the most important issues that I want to bring,” he said. NEIGHRIMS medical students, airport.
“We need help,” she said.
He said that a letter will be sent to the state government, tourism department, PWD, government ministers, rural development department and AICC regarding the deterioration of the road. the deterioration of the road.
Until five years ago, the North East was known only for blockades, protests, bombings and shootings and the people of the North East could not live in peace because of the violence of the groups. different weapons.
Thus, we will be able to compete at the National Level and the courses will be uniform.
The MDCs who attended the meeting were not only from the ruling party, but also from the opposition.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: Kitboklang Kharbangar has won the singles title at the 15th Lawei Ri Open Carrom Board Championship 2022 organized by the Lawei Ri Sports Social and Cultural Club. Rajdeep Sarkar came first in the Men's Single category and Sukmon Mukhim came first in the Women's Single category.
“Whom shall we trust, Conrad Sangma or the office of the Commissioner of Taxes?”, said the HYC. Rule 18(b)(x) states that it shall be the duty of the Managers of Vacant Places to post notices. in those places where only foreigners shall be allowed to enter.
The meeting was conducted by Founder Syngkon and speeches were delivered by the Principal of the school H Kamar and Waheh Shnong D Ymbon in the presence of the residents including parents, teachers and students.
KHNAM has made this request through an RTI request from the Shillong Municipal Board.
After playing in the senior category in 2018/19 in the I-League, he has become one of the best players.
Not only in the past but even today, this Israeli hatred is working in the Arab countries.
We must not despise our own.
When he had finished, he went back home in the village car and paid the fare.
The meeting was held to explain to the public the activities of the Council and the Hima Mylliem to curb all the illegal activities and garbage that is spreading too much these days in the Iewduh. .
West Jaintia Hills District.
Pension benefit schemes are also affected.
Australian Brenton Tarrant shot dead 49 Muslims and injured 48 others in New Zealand at 1.30pm.
Only the rich can contest and win elections.
Other speakers included Auspicious Lyngdoh, General Secretary of PDF Sohra, Bah Iohbor Riwan, Secretary of PDF Sohra, Bah Justin Shabong, Bah Blooming Lyngdoh, former supporter Bah Titos, UDP leaders from different villages and others.
However, Senegal scored another goal in the 84th minute through Bamba Dieng.
He said that in other states which have implemented the ILP like Nagaland, the influx of tourists is only about 52,000 per annum while in Meghalaya, which does not have the ILP, the influx of tourists is only about 52,0 The number of tourists is up to 6 lakh people.
The new cases include EGH: 12, EJH: 02, EKH: 216, NGH: 10, RBD: 23, SGH: 04, SWGH: 5, SWKH: 13, WGH: 66, WJH: and WKH: 38.
The VPP leader said the people should understand that other political parties cannot do anything regarding the police officer and the demand for justice on his allegations will be unfounded. claim.
It is just a political game without knowing the facts, without knowing the number of residents in the area.
The Principal of Mawkhar Christian was the chief guest at the programme. The owner and editor of Rupang R Monarch Shabong, the committee leaders and the secretary Jied Kurbah were also present. Chairman) and Mrs. Belbera Wankhar.
Shira said that if there are no weigh bridges, how can the trucks be weighed?
In a complaint lodged with the Governor, Kharshiing said that the newly elected CEM of the KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñlang N.Syiem, is also a member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly as an MLA and the holding of public office are both violations of the Constitution of India.
According to a statement sent by the Publicity Secretary of the Mairang Town Auto Rickshaw Association (MaTORADA), the Executive Committee of the Mairang Town Owners and Drivers Auto Rickshaw Association (MaTORADA) has also met in the past few days. At the same time, the union has sent its condolences to the parents and family members of these two families. they are home.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today urged to correct the mistakes in the history of the North East and to strengthen policies to bring peace. and strengthen trade and connectivity between the North East and neighboring countries.
Jain, who came to Guwahati to attend the Durga Vahini and Matri Shakti meetings of the VHP, alleged that these Christian churches in the North East were bringing to all kinds of differences of opinion in this area, in the name of their deeds, by good works.
"She said. Although Lok tried to surprise her, he finally had to convince her and they would have dinner together there.
:The Assamese song "Hairo" was released this year and features Assam tyngshop and puron Soma Laishram and Vivek Bora.
The death toll in Spain has risen to 864, the highest in two days, with 100,000 infections.
It means that the works that the sons used to do with their father are passed on to the daughters, that is, they go to the brothers-in-law and thus they are useless.
The cash prize in the singles is 2,000 tyngka for the first place and 10,000 tyngka for the second place, while the cash prize for the winners of the mixed doubles is 3,000 tyngka. a thousand pieces of silver for the winner, and two thousand pieces for the second place.
West Garo Hills SP Vivekanand Singh Rathore said the investigation has revealed that the MCC is Bernard's party and has been illegally collecting lakhs of rupees from shopkeepers as membership fees. and renew membership within the organization.
Shillong: Tens of thousands of Catholics from all over Khasi and Jaintia Hills have flocked to the Church Cathedral in Laitumkhrah today to pay their last respects to the body of Archbishop Dominic Jala, who passed away. The incident occurred in County, Colusa, California, USA on March
He expects the State Government to take action as soon as possible to bring this issue to the House and urged his fellow MLAs to support this important issue of the nation.
He said that the victory of the VPP in this election will be the sign of the replacement of the national party by the body and soul.
She said that the MSPCB is doing this according to the directives of the Transport and all the requirements will depend on the Transport.
However, due to the inability of some schools to submit their results on time, the arrear has been suspended for about 7 months.
Dr. Himanta also alleged that the Assam Forest Protection Force and Assam Police have been in conflict with the loggers but the truth is that according to the customs and traditions of the Khasi, the forest belongs to the village. or a raid or an Elaka which belongs to the people and not to any government.
“Upon police investigation, Singh has produced the Power of Attorney signed between Kong Syngkli and him.
Everyone has their own desire to achieve or achieve, each group has their own desire to achieve or achieve their goals.
“If they are against this incident especially if it happened to their Vice President, it is up to them. I cannot say anything but what is the decision of the MDA government? I don't like it just because of this incident in Tura, I can't say anything about that,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
On these two Bills introduced by the first and second KHADC, I also strongly oppose.
We have heard that every month some government ministers have opened or upgraded Sub-Centres, PHCs, CHCs, Civil Hospitals, but many of them have been cut off.
Purningstar ShabongBefore I get into the part I want to share with you readers, first I would like to remind you of the opinion of the District Council which maybe many of you have misunderstood especially the youth and many of you old man is not old.
From 1994 to 1997, he studied Philosophy at Christ King College, Shillong, and after two years of working in Pynursla, he studied Theology at Oriental Theological College, Mawlai between 1999 and
When asked whether there has been any discussion on the issue of uniforms which the Daju had raised a few months ago, Jyrwa said that there has been no discussion on the issue of uniforms, because the Daju They refused and railed with the KHADC to go their own way and that the KHADC will not interfere.
The game will be open to both men and women.
This decision was taken at a meeting of the Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the HSPDP held today at the residence of its President, Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit in Laitkor.
Dr.S.Kharkongor said that training has already been conducted for lab technicians, doctors, nurses, government employees, hotel managers and the ongoing training is for tourist drivers. .
On the 30th of October, Jaintia Hills Govt.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Chief Minister and MLA of Pynursla Constituency on Saturday inaugurated the Dorbar Hall cum Multi Facilities of Pynursla Constituency. Grace Mary Kharpuri, EM of KHADC and MDC of Nongskhen was the chief guest.
Shillong: U Bah Hamletson Dohling, Leader of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) on Tuesday denied that there will be any impact on the resignation of four MDCs including Grace Mary Kharpuri MDC from Nongshken. James Sylliang of Mawhati, Blandingstar Warjri of Mawthadraishan and Latiplang Kharkongor of Nongthymmai.
It was also found that the water from the garbage trucks is very dirty. The members were concerned that this pollution could affect the health of the people and those who He said that this is also a violation of environmental laws.
Three of the deceased were from East Khasi Hills District.
Besides, the Nongpoh MLA also spoke on the problems faced by the ASHAs, due to the government's inability to pay their salaries and which has prompted the ASHAs to take action. work.
With these four deaths, the total number of deaths from COVID-19 in Meghalaya has risen to
The Congress-led opposition on Wednesday raised a no confidence motion against the NPP EC and Chairman Boston Marak has agreed to speak to the NC today. The Chairman announced that he has received the resignation letter from the CEM and the EC has been dissolved.
This is a time when children are also exposed to many temptations from their peers and it is also a time when they are still relaxed and want to experience the things that make their lives enjoyable.
“These have been the beginnings which have become the foundation for the future of the youth to take advantage of the assistance provided by the government,” said the NPP spokesperson. A family in Mawroh Laitdom, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, has been hit by a strong windstorm on Friday night. died after a strong storm destroyed the house where they lived and threw people onto the street.
Shortly after, under the leadership of Mebanson Shylla, Zangkhol, AL, 58 and Vicky Kipgen, 20, were arrested from Madanriting Market.
Registration : means registration is the registration of information about any part of a person in society; The name is the name given to give life to people.
He ruled inside, in a life of life purified by faith, by true repentance, the blood of Jesus cleansed by the gift of forgiveness of all sins.
Shillong: The Minister in charge of Electricity, James Sangma, in reply to a question by the MLA from Nongpoh constituency, Bah Mayralborn Syiem, said that the state government will look into the issue of electricity supply. transformers that have been damaged in the villages will be repaired only after paying 30% of the outstanding light bills.
Also present on the occasion were the Principal Secretary, Arts and Culture, PW Ingty, MLA David Nongrum and Director of Arts and Culture, Matsiewdor War-Nongbri.
According to the government department, the highest number of employees have arrived in West Jaintia Hills, with 85% in East Khasi Hills. Hill 81.6%.
Shortly after the HYC members left Motphran to go to the places where they were allocated to hold the flag, it was learned that two of their members who went to Khyndailad were arrested by the HYC. police.
““In the Legislative Assembly, many questions have been raised regarding the misuse of JICA and World Bank funds by this Government which has not been answered yet.
“It is a pleasure for them to participate because Khasi films are not yet a factory,” said Bah Mukhim.
Mawkyrwat, Naiwieng 08: As part of the memorial service for the former Chief Minister of Mawkyrwat Constituency, Bah (L) Bah Rowell Lyngdoh (who was also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Meghalaya). The All India Trinamool Congress of Mawkyrwat Block on Tuesday held a football tournament 2022 at Shiliang Um Zone in collaboration with the Mawkyrwat Constituency Socio Economic and Political Awareness Committee (MCSEPAC).
In his speech, Khan said those who arrived in Bangladesh may have been Bengalis who came from other parts of India to live in Assam, but they were not from Bangladesh.
At the same time, he expressed his gratitude to Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem and the Dorbar of Mylliem Hima for giving Special Recognition to the Snap Paka. One of the ways to preserve the customs and traditions of the Bri u Hynniewtrep as it has been preserved by the ancestors since ancient times.
Shillong: The East Khasi Hills Wine Dealers and Welfare Association (EKHWDWA) today wrote a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to urge him to allow the opening of liquor shops. stores during grocery store opening hours.
I’m sorry that some pictures of the kids that shouldn’t have been in those pictures of the siblings came out together.
Three goals for Mohun Bagan came through Faiaz, Kadam and a mistake by Lajong's Laurence Doe.
And the children of Israel said, How shall we sing the song of the LORD in a strange land? Psalm 137:1-4.
The power outage has caused worry and problems even to the semester students who are preparing for their various examinations, which will be held in the coming days.
Most of this budget has been spent on the operations of health missions as well as health and wellness centers which has helped to improve and improve health facilities.
In part it is a report of the major Western countries which have recognized India in its rapid growth in trade.
Nowadays, society has become dominated by the exchange of ideas between sellers and buyers as overseas traders.
Prestone said the MDA government has already held workshops in East Jaintia Hills, South West Garo Hills and West Khasi Hills on how to mine coal according to the current technology. It is also the duty of the concerned groups to come forward to apply for coal mining under a mining lease.
Shillong Lajong beat Indian Arrows 2-0 in the I-League on Saturday in Cuttack, Odisha.
He said that many of the issues of teachers are old and not new from the teachers of adhoc schools, adhoc colleges, 4th teachers of SSA who demand to increase their salaries, children also have baibam is still valid.
That's the power of speech, I'm starting to understand,” said Rangsan and took a stang biscuit.
Besides, they do not know how to read and write in English, Karbi and Assamese when they go to hospitals in Karbi Anglong Assam.
The victim was identified as Lenisha Nongkhar, 2, daughter of Tasiana Nongkhar and Kardius Syiemlieh, residents of Siejlieh village.
It is learned that the film was shot all day long at the venue and the shooting went smoothly, but it miscounted when it was almost over and it was during the shooting. jumped between the actor and the gang.
Evanstar Jyrwa was named Player of the Match for 18 runs and took two wickets.
“Because of the lack of salary, the association has been forced to take a decision to strike and not to back down until the demand is met,” he said. nor shall I suffer any punishment for this protest".
When asked how much they have paid, the government replied that it is T.135 tyngka per sq.m.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui said that this will be a special day for us as citizens of India because we respect the uniqueness of the flag of the country.
Campaigning for the RDA candidate Robertjune Kharjahrin in Mawngap on Saturday, Eugeneson said India is a large country, half the size of Europe. In India, there are 730 Schedule Tribes and 1,108 Schedule Castes.
On the other hand, the Seng said that it has been conveying from time to time to the Chief Minister of the area the need to find ways and means to improve this road as it is the source of development. the time of the villages that live in these border areas.
As I said that there were some residents who were happy to cheat themselves and gave false information at the entry gates, so I will say more about that.
We have invited all the MLAs to attend the meeting to be held on that day to decide on the election of the opposition leader from the party,” said the newly elected leader of the party. Vijayendra, who was recently elected, said in an interview with reporters on Saturday.
On the other hand, the two parties said that they will soon hold a meeting to discuss what action to take on this police brutality. They will not rest but will continue to park trucks if the law enforcement agencies do not take action.
Due to the excessive deterioration of this road, it has put the passengers especially the sick in great trouble in these days.
They started the operation from the 19th to the 22nd of this month.
Ex-MDC Violet Lyngdoh has released the lucky draw tickets.
The DHS (MI), Shillong has recently issued a notice to the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) to dispose of the defective medicines stored at the Central Medical Store, Shillong. They have been damaged due to the lack of use due to the outbreak of Covid-1
The HNLC has demanded the release of HANM President Lamphrang Kharbani and four others who were arrested by police in Rangthong on 2nd June.
The salary is T.30,000 and the job is on contractual basis.
Shillong, Nailur 6: The Ri Bhoi Youth Development and Social Organization (RBYDSO) has supported the demand of the political parties for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state.
Brandon Friedman, a writer for the New York Daily News, said: “Donald Trump gave a very strong speech today, but he's wearing a patlun behind him.
The new CEM of KHADC also criticized the PDA CEM candidate Grace Mary Kharpuri for trying to force the MDCs to her side by throwing money.
Although the Salvatorian missionaries could not continue the work they had started, they were happy and thankful to God that He sent the Salesian missionaries of St. Don Bosco who took the responsibility to continue the work they had started until and roi as long as now.
Following a tip-off about the presence of militants, the Defense Force conducted a cordon and search operation in forested areas of Rajouri district in J&K.Soldiers clashed with militants and then the shooting began at midnight.
Prayers were also held for the sick, those who could not participate in Christmas and others.
“The reservation policy should be based on the number of residents, because if we have 50% while other ethnic groups have 30%, it is not fair to divide. 40-40".
Therefore, the Nongmihkhmat has informed the government and has also been able to persuade it to allocate funds for the improvement and cleaning of the road.
When asked about the old building, he said, “I cannot say what will happen to the old building of the KHADC. “If we don't have market places, we can set up market places to raise money from this but we haven't decided yet”.
They also know that the snake bite of many people is just an accident like car accidents because the snake was placed in Mei Ramew not to injure or eat people but to reduce the snake bite. large numbers of smaller animals such as lizards or snakes that damage agriculture from time to time (the bseiñ eats these animals).
There are 18,985 cases so far, of which 15,122 are still undergoing treatment, 3,260 have recovered and 603 have died, the health ministry said.
The Assam Reorganization (Meghalaya) Act 1969 was introduced and Meghalaya includes two District Councils, Garo Hills. The border between Meghalaya and Assam is the same line. In relation to the Langpih Sector, the boundary line is as follows:-“ Definition VI, from Lejadubi up to the river Santhi to one of its tributary souree" and then "Definition VII, from the junction of a tributary source of the Santhi river upstream and aeeros the Hills and watershed to the Muksar Hills" VIII, from the Muksar Hill down to Umtin and Umorkshait river" continued “definition IX, from the junction of Umorkhait and Maorun rivers down to Maorun to its junction with the Umit alias Sri river" This is the boundary line between Assam and Meghalaya which belongs to the Hima. Wounded Kingship.
What is more sad to know is that from time to time we have seen job seekers protesting on the streets by holding various protests to demand jobs from the government while the DTO office is still short of staff.
On Tuesday, 30 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
“Reader.
Umnawe village is located in Ribhoi District and falls under the jurisdiction of Raid Marwet and Pillingkata Out Post.
The Water Resources Act has been passed.
In the last tournament, 32 fighters from all over the country competed in three rounds to win a contract in the UFC. Anshul Jubli, Jeong Yeong Lee of South Korea, Rinya Nakamura of Japan and Hyun Sung Park of South Korea are now the winners.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Tuesday expressed its deep concern over the shortage of medicines in some government hospitals and the delay in the implementation of the Megha Health Insurance Scheme. (MHIS).
At this meeting, many people expressed their strong opposition to the attack by the Garo rebel groups which has affected the peace and order in the area and especially which has also created ethnic tension among the people. They also expressed their deep sorrow if there should be a conflict between the Khasi and Garo who are good just because of these groups.
Hema Malini, turned 71 on 16th March 2019 and Hema, talked about her marriage to Dharmendra and what she thinks for the future.
Is it only for men to fight for the country and the nation?
When you look at this bird, you will see that it is not a bird that lives in this state.
“About 70 percent of those who sell land are foreigners,” said Warbah and added that it is sad that this state is a source of income for foreigners without any restrictions.
Two BJP MLAs Sanbor Shullai and AL Hek along with the MLA himself attended the meeting of the NPP Parliamentary Party on Thursday morning.
A poor woman has lost her husband just because she asked for T.30 to buy jhur.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: The meeting to discuss the government's plan to implement the Residential Act in the state has turned into a drama, in which seven members of the Ministerial Committee headed by Government Minister Prestone Tynsong has been criticized by the students who carried a copy of the Bill in front of them and demanded that it should be spoken in Khasi.
Larger aircraft cannot land at the existing airport at Umroi due to its small size.
According to the LYWA leaders, the area of ​​the area where UCIL wants to mine uranium is up to 10 sq.km and the area includes Domiasiat, Wahkaji, Mawthabah, Phlangdiloin, Jarin, Nongtynger, Wahlang and Lang.
Only it has been won, it is enough and it does not matter if there is division among the citizens in the name of religion.
Fantin said that Pynshngain has acted according to the law and it is for this reason that the Governor has accepted Latiplang Kharkongor as CEM. The leadership of Bah Latiplang will continue until the end of this three-year term.
Shillong: The Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District, today announced that there will be a new traffic rules in Jowai, as a trial, from 1st to 21st June
The application forms cannot be sent to the SAD before or until 31st June,
It is an opportunity to open the door of the road that has been closed for a long time,” he said.
The Central Executive Committee of the UDP, which met on 17th June 2017, has decided to sit in the opposition and said that they will inform the Chairman of the KHADC to relocate their seats. on the opposite side of the Council.
Lawrence Lyngkhoi, 72, of Shyiap, died on the way to Super Care Hospital.
The award, which has been won by Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi in the past 40 years, has been won by Modric at a ceremony in Paris. .
Arsenal's failure to sign Rice came in a third offer, with the first two rejected, which was below West Ham's £100m price tag. 100m.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will examine the demand for the participation of women in the Dorbar Shnongs as women have not been allowed to sit in the Dorbar Shnongs.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawryngkneng Circle (HYC) has issued a notice to the Border Security Force (BSF) in Tynring village, Khyrim Syiemship East Khasi Hills District. The police have tried to investigate and later we have spoken to the Sordar of the village through the phone and it has been confirmed that it is true.
The meetings were attended by the leaders of Moonlight Pariat including Sanbok Rymbai, Biful Lamar, Baitlang Pohsngap, Allwyn Laoo and others.
The installation of this type of ksai will require a slight removal of the scalp of the person and the device will work on the brain and after that, the scalp will be removed and after that, it will not be visible. If you are a man, you don't have this weapon in your brain.
Therefore, Bah Rutherford Lyngdoh said that on the other hand, the failure to conduct such examinations has given hope and encouragement to the youth applicants in the region as a whole. This has caused frustration and frustration from many quarters especially from the students who have already written this examination.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The Minister of State for Forests, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the proposal to separate the Directorate of Environment (DE) from the PHE department has to go slowly due to the lack of funds.
Other speakers at the meeting included Dr. MB Rymbai, Shitlang Pale and Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit at the meeting chaired by Andrew Shullai, MDC JHADC.
The Eri Spun Silk Mill, Sangaipat, Imphal East, Manipur has been approved at a cost of T.21.53 crore which was approved in November 2018 and will be implemented by the State Government in collaboration with the CSB. Cocoons produced in Manipur have been converted into ksai using old and new cocoons.
Speaking to reporters on the 28th of this month, Bah Golden said that the reason for his resignation from the Congress is that he is not happy with the decision of the party. Golden said he has already sent a letter of resignation to Vincent H Pala, President of Meghalaya Pradesh. Congressional Committee.
In another incident, the Rangbah Shnong of Shyrmang, West Jaintia Hills, has lodged a complaint that on the 15th of June at about 6 pm, the volunteers of the village have arrested a man who was They also seized ammunition from the Wildlife Sanctuary in the village.
On the same day, Bah Kynsailang Mylliem Umlong was elected as the Organizing Secretary and Coach, Cherly Mawlieh was elected as the Publicity Secretary. from the club at most events the club sends.
According to Bah Bamon, no other parties have invited him to join but only the Congress leaders have invited him but he has not refused.
Shillong, March 17: The Procession of Mary of the Visitation Church, Shillong will be held on the 20th of March at 1:30 pm.
But perhaps I will send you to you soon.
Urging the teachers to provide proper education to the children, Dr Laloo said that as a government minister, one does not need to read books but just calling and talking to the officers is enough but as a teacher, one needs to read. and prepare to be able to give and explain to the children clearly.
On the other hand, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar promised to take action and at the same time he promised to forward the letter of the Seng to the Chief Minister for further consideration.
The allocation is 6 kilos per student for Pre-Primary Level (Balvatika), Lower Primary School and 9,600 kilo per student for Upper Primary School.
“I don't use force, I follow the rules and regulations that have been given to me and whatever I do I do with the consent of the Managing Committee of the Market,” said the Dolloi of Ekala Amwi.
Other speakers included TL Shullai, MC Buam and the welcome speech was delivered by Bah TK Sawian, Primary Investigator. Bah P King.
In the hearing, the Court said that if the citizens steal, loot and commit crimes, the cost will be only tens of thousands of tyngka but if government officials commit crimes, the cost will be lakhs of rupees. and billions of rupees and the most affected is the people.
Shillong, July 2: A woman from Thadmusem village in Nar Tiang area of ​​West Jaintia Hills has died after allegedly failing to admit the doctors of CHC Ummulong, West Jaintia Hills. don tools.
Mawsynram, 10 kilometers from Sohra, has received 710.6 mm of rainfall in the last 24 hours till 8:30 pm. Tuesday which was also the snowiest July, 1966 record.
He said this while laying the foundation stone for the construction of the new office of Bajengdoba C&RD Block in North Garo Hills District.
The Jaintia Hills Wildlife Division (JWD) has received a tip that there is a group of people smuggling endangered wildlife on the border of West Jaintia Hills and West Karbi Anglong, Assam. The wildlife department has informed all its employees to confirm this information.
There are 16 teams from the region and the winners of the tournament will receive cash prizes of Rs.30000 and Rs. money with the trophy.
It is to be recalled that a truck driver, Bah Ronning Nongkynrih, has died after being shot dead by BSF troops on a truck carrying cows.
Nano Urea – NU (liquid) provides more benefits in terms of nutrient use efficiency (NUE) and its use leads to increased agricultural productivity, better food products, farmers' income and reduction in soil, water and air pollution and reduction in logistics and warehousing.
The program was held at the Market Complex in front of Nongstoiñ Market where all the beneficiaries of government schemes implemented by the government through the Block Offices, Health Department, Electricity Department, agriculture, education, water supply, banks and others.
In a letter signed by John Nongrum, President HYC Baridua Circle, the HYC said that there are about 15 shops in the market. Raid Marwet has not allowed the Khasi and she alleged that when the Khasi come to look for shops he asks for security or salami of T.1.50 to T.2 lakh tyngka and the price of security is T.2 lakh. long T.2000 to T.5000 per month.
The government has decided to allocate funds for the appointment of staff and the construction of the Block Office and not just to lay the foundation stone,” said JAC Chairman and Narpuh MDC Emlangky Lamare.
Also present on the occasion were the NPP MLA candidate from Nongthymmai Constituency Jasmine Lyngdoh, the Rangbah Shnong SB Khashandi, the village officials and others.
These two trucks carrying 10 and 12 shaka trucks were first seized by the FKJGP while they were coming from Iooksi area on Thursday night.
He said that in the incident which happened at about 11.15 pm, one of the injured identified as Arjun Ray 52 years old died at NEIGRIHMS. A case has been registered and the investigation is ongoing to track down and arrest the suspects, he said.
The CSWO has lodged the complaint after the meeting of the golf course owners with the Director of the Shillong Gulf Club did not yield any results and he did not do anything to the man.
It has been a challenge for the Government of India and the Government of Assam how to control the Brahmaputra River and many experts are still looking for ways to prevent the damage caused by the Brahmaputra River during the floods. shlei.
The Jubilee Celebration was also enriched by the performances of former students of Bah Edmund Khongsya, Salesian Cooperators, students of Indira RCLP-UP School and St. John Bosco Boys' Hr.Sec.School.
The mountains are covered with water because of the excessive heat of the sun.
No attempt should be made to promote any difference or to create hatred among people or to create division between castes/ethnic groups/groups according to faith/language.
He said that if the PDF does not provide clarity, KHNAM is not responsible because it supports the PDF for the sake of the people and not for personal gain.
The Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) today held a Public Hearing on the proposal of Meghalaya Cements Limited to increase the production of dewbilat from 2,600 TPD ( 0.858) to 4,500 TPD (1.485) with a 10 MW Captive Power Plant and a 9.5 MW Waste Heat Recovery System (WHRS).
During the examination of the body of the man, police found that he had a mark on the head and he died at the time of the discovery.
The Government of Assam, since a few years ago, has not recognized this map and has been crossing the border from time to time.
The Dorbar Kur of the Syiem Nongshai Pyllun Kur in Ri Bhoi District, while explaining to the public on this issue, said that this incident has arisen only because of the complaint of the group which has lodged a complaint with the District Council. The Dorbar Kur Pyllun and the Dorbar Kur Pyllun are still dependent on Bah Wanphrang Syiem Nongshai to hold the post of Sirdar. Nongpoh Sirdarship and it is also the right of Bah Wanphrang to take over the post of Sirdar.
Because of a fever, I lost my strength when I was four years old.
Mawsynram MLA Himalaya Muktan Shangpliang has visited the market to inspect the condition of the market. HM Shangpliang has met with the farmers who come to sell their produce at the market. He said that the farmers have heard the complaints of the farmers about the excessive price of jhur where they have cut up to 10 kilos of jhur from 10 kilos. They are responsible for the increase in the price of taxes to be paid to the Hima Mylliem.
The Rangbah also has a responsibility to the community.
The purpose of this training is to raise awareness among the Principals, Headteachers of schools about their role as school authorities for those children with disabilities and also about the rights of children. as per the Rights of Persons With Disabilities Act (RPWD) 2016.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Pastor Basaiawmoit said that although the Lok Sabha has passed the Bill, if it has not been introduced in the Rajya Sabha, it means that the Bill is dead and no longer works.
He said that the villages and Dorbar Shnongs in Meghalaya have been involved in the development, supporting the Village Employment Councils, recognizing the beneficiaries of various Government programmes, providing land for projects etc., for the development of tribal areas in the State.
Samla Clever June K. Syiemiong has been appointed District President of BJYM South West Khasi Hills along with 22 other office bearers.
Speech was also delivered by the General Secretary of the party, D. Lamare.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday asked the Managing Committees, which have appointed Adhoc teachers, why they don't take responsibility to do anything, when the teachers fail to do so. their jobs to educate their students.
He is a Khasi Khara or a foreigner.
However, after a while, while they were inspecting, the contractor of the shop, Bah Lewis Dohtdong, came out and at that time there was a dispute with the ministers at the Syiem's ​​police station. forcibly terminate without written notice.
Police have recovered a mobile phone with a SIM from Bangladesh, an Airtel SIM from India and an SD memory of 1 GB. There are reports that this PSO of the HNLC is involved in illegal activities such as extortion, recruitment and solicitation of support from people in order to carry out anti-national activities and other terrorist activities. .
However, when such articles appear, he said that there are some feelings and protests and there are also protests by saying that it is an insult by other people who do not know the origin of the Khasi from their mother. .
Therefore we need to strive for unity in all respects.
Doesn't the Khasi Land Tenure Act empower people to be free and fair? Isn't it time for the Government of Meghalaya to scrap or amend this evil law of the Khasi known as the Land Tenure System or the Land Tenure Act? However, this does not mean that the Government of Meghalaya will violate the long-term rights of the Trairi-traimuluk over their land.
About three hours later, 30 Union leaders arrived at the venue.
Like other states, Meghalaya will soon have its own central jail.
There will be 16 participants who will compete in the Grand Finale.
He said that according to reports received, these people left the village and went to Mizoram.
The government's lack of maintenance of this road has been seen as the owners of vehicles have not paid road tax,” said the AJYWO leader. The AJYWO – East Jaintia Zone, has made it clear that it gives its full support to the SWS, EJHD, KSU on their deadline to the authorities in charge of this road to repair this road. go quickly to this road.
Prestone Tynsong said that in the field of education, the government has already allocated up to T.7000 crore, but this too is not enough for the needs. and thou shalt not need it.
The MCPF leader also expressed his satisfaction with the initiative of the village leaders in relation to the problems of the villagers and for their cooperation with the party and the MLA of the area. .
“At present, we see drug dealers are way ahead of the Government in terms of strategies on how to continue transmission," he said.
Police have registered a case and the search for those involved in the robbery is ongoing, the source said. Shillong, June 7: The Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram, has decided to appeal to the High Court, if the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) does not listen to their demand. to remove the book of the Descendants of the Longshuwa.
The residents, have been angry, over the misuse of government funds, which should have given assistance to those who deserve it and today, the villagers, have blocked the path of this person. minister.
Alok Kumar has recovered and has been shifted from ICU to Semi ICU. He has recovered more than before but he will need to sleep for about three hours. He was injured in his right eye, Custom and Central Excise officials said.
He cited the freedom fighters as an example where he said these men and women inspire everyone because it doesn't matter if they come from very difficult families, but they had a a major role in the security of land, title and inheritance.
The AITC MLA referred to the decision of the Supreme Court in Jaishree Laxmanrao Patil Vs Government of Maharashtra and Indra Sawhney Vs Union of India in for the promotion of employment in Government jobs.
Ms Badrinam said that bishni, lorni, wada ka wadnia, is an old disease in Khasi Hills, which cannot be cured.
Chaudhary, who won the gold medal in the 3000m steeplechase on Tuesday, finished second in a time of 15 minutes 52.35 seconds. Yuma Yamamoto (15:51.16) of Japan in the 5000m final.
The meeting for the same purpose was convened twice a day by the prime minister.
The HiTO has submitted a letter to the Governor of Meghalaya requesting for the implementation of the Annexed Agreement signed and accepted by C Rajagopalachari, the Governor General of the country and the Chief Executive Members of the Federation of Meghalaya. The Khasi States were born on 17th July
They have the responsibility to prevent the flow of wastewater or coal into the river.
Eugenson Lyngdoh's ENE Falcons team won the title of the Best Discipline Team of all the teams.
“I saw the videos when I spoke about the Reservation Policy in
It degrades the soil surface and its beauty, causes soil erosion, landslides, landslides, heavy siltation, flooding, loss of species of dohum fish, causes the destruction and loss of rivers and streams or ponds.
It is man who changes, not God.
Speaking to media, the Vice-President of the Seng Khasi Sengkmie, Rangbah RS Rumnong said that the Shad Suk Mynsiem 2024, is the 113th Shad Suk Mynsiem. Weiking circle.
This prompted the police to fire lyer pynsatkhmat and lathi bombs, in order to disperse the crowd gathered in front of the police station, the report said.
Forgive me all my sins (confession is right because we cannot confess all, but we must confess those who should confess).
Election campaign speeches and promises to 'serve' the people.
One of the family members, said that the authorities of the Civil Hospital Shillong, have allowed to take the body for the last rites of the deceased without saying anything that he was sick with COVID-1 announced that he has COVID 19, the family members and the village have learned to do what is necessary, but now that he has been buried, what good is it when many relatives and friends have taken part in the funeral? They honored the body of this old man.
The body will be taken from his residence at 12 noon tomorrow to the cemetery of the Baptist Church at Rangkhon Songgital for the last rites.
Through this forum, farmers will also have the opportunity to exchange ideas with each other to understand better the varieties of jhur and soh to cultivate their crops better.
If it is long and if it is short, the bottom is also short.
Stories and misconceptions about blood donation have affected the donation in Meghalaya, he said.
Speaking in the House, Ampareen said that Rule 28 of the State Legislative Assembly clearly states that speeches or writings in the House should be in English, but she said, “ We can omit this paragraph, because it happened on 16th October” and it means that the Governor of the State, spoke in Hindi at the opening of the State Legislative Assembly.
Speaking to the people gathered to listen to the announcement by the VPP leaders, Bah Ardent said, “After the 9th day of the strike, tomorrow will be the 9th day. I understand that there is a weakness in my body but by the miracle of God it has not affected my health and I thank God for giving me strength,” he said. .
The book was launched by the Deputy Chief Executive Member (Dy CEM) of KHADC, Bah Process T Sawkmie, who expressed his appreciation for the emergence of Khasi writers.
“That classmate says it's better to smile than to smile,” added Gracia.
“We have clarified that the Seng is against Star Cement and we don't want it to take over the land.
U Bah Rynjah, who was supposed to return to his village yesterday, but, as he did not have a car, he stayed overnight at the shop, where he suffered the tragic incident.
He said this is in accordance with the report of the Niti Ayog, which is the authority to oversee economic development in India.
Maybe they just had to buy water or they wouldn’t have water to even drink.
The South Tura MLA replied that he asked this because the minister had confirmed earlier that they would send a new CT scan machine but it has not been used yet.
“Let's see when the time comes and I'll consult,” said the father and got up to go outside.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) has expressed its deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of its General Secretary. Karlan Langrin on September 23,
Narendra Sigh Tomar, Minister of Agriculture, Government of India, has made it clear that the MSP or minimum support price will continue and he is ready to issue a written statement on the approval of the MSP. government of India.
The BSF personnel handed over the cows to the Custom Department.
Shortly after receiving a tip that the office was on fire, fire trucks rushed to the scene and the nearby houses escaped the fire.
The Sordar of Umbah village said that the Assam forest officer had called him from home to go into the office in Ukiam.
He said the department will hold a meeting on river water on the 9th in Delhi and at this meeting officers from Meghalaya will also be met.
Samlin said that in the MLA election, the contest was between the UDP and the NPP but in the MP election, many of them will contest with 13,000 votes. before.
These are the coal miners in the area.
The DSO also informed that for students under 18 and 16 years, only two individual and one team events will be allowed to participate.
He said there are some residents of the area who have expressed their opposition to the proposal.
This refusal of the people of Assam to buy agricultural products has put a strain on the income of the Khasi where they are facing difficulties even to buy food items to meet the daily needs of the household. you family.
Hamlet said that on the GHADC, he has directed the DCA to prepare a letter to submit to the Cabinet and submit to the Cabinet for a decision.
Rumnong said he doesn't know what the BJP women are doing to the woman; but he was present from the village authorities in their entry into the village.
The union said that the lack of punctuality and lack of training of government employees has caused a lot of problems to the people when they go to their offices.
This will be the third market visit of the Minister of Urban Affairs in 10 months while this will be the second visit of Roshan in 10 months.
Expressing their opposition to the government's suspension, the leaders of the Union, have threatened to take back the land, where the Polytechnic was built, because the land, is which they simply donated to the government, without paying a dime.
The dead were identified as ASI Ramuram Nag and two constables, Kunjam Joga and Ganjam Bheema.
MeECL employees had to turn off the electricity to remove these tins which were stuck on the wires.
He said that many people have started turning to the UDP for their cooperation and hope that it will become one of the parties to rule in
The purpose of eco-tourism is to attract tourists and at the same time to preserve the environment because without that tourists would not want to come to these places.
Witting said the Executive Committee of the HSPDP will meet on the 6th of March at the residence of Ardent Basaiawmoit and the General Council will be held on the 23rd of March. However, he said that due to the death of his beloved Hoping, it cannot be confirmed whether the General Council will be held on the 23rd or whether it can be postponed later.
He also highlighted the failure of the Rural Development Department in the full implementation of the 100 Days scheme or MGNREGS and especially in the rapid increase in the number of SHGs in the state in the last few years.
“This disease is spread by lice from one person to another, besides the lack of drinking water, pollution,” he said.
He urged that from now on, the network should not be disrupted, so that the people who use the networks, will not suffer.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: The Khasi Author's Society (KA) on Tuesday held a meeting at Madan Sudent on Tuesday. The government should speak and write in Khasi with the intention of reviving the mother tongue.
Readers of Rupang.com did not know whether the Congress or the BJP will form a government.
This river is full of water all year round.
Congress MP from Shillong, Bah Vincent H Pala, said that he has no objection to the Government's plan to build a railway line to Khliehriat in East Jaintia Hills district.
Earlier, the death toll was estimated at 288, but the state government has announced that the death toll has risen to The death toll has risen to 275 as of Sunday, as the death toll has doubled.
“The purpose of this festival is also part of the promotion of tourism and at the same time to make Meghalaya one of the states prominent in the field of sports.
The pilgrims are reportedly in the middle of peace and are currently at the Indian Embassy in Tel Aviv.
The CAR and other departments of the Central Government should demand 50% recruitment from the Central Government to allow Khasi, Jaintia and Garo to enter the Central Government departments in the State. In fact, when jobs or training jobs come in the state, the residents of the state, such as Khasi, Jaintia and Garo should have the opportunity to enter more jobs as in other states. citizens of the state receive.
The poet says clearly that this tree can withstand the forces of nature such as the sun, the wind, the rain, etc. This tree has grown taller and taller and the wind that blows it has made this tree more able to strengthen its branches into the ground otherwise it may fall if the wind blows. which is stronger.
Sumarbha Bareh scored three goals in the 51st minute and Ioanis Suchen in the 53rd minute. Sutnga SSCC beat Moolamanoh SC 5-1 55′, Onio Sutnga 64′ and Isneilang Dkhar 70′.
Why almost all the laws implemented by the Modi government kill people before and after implementation we have to think carefully, all these things are due to the mistake of the Modi government.
“However, the position of the KSU is that...not to look back since 1972, start from now on to implement.
Shillong, June 18: Women from the North Eastern Region of India are being smuggled abroad to Kerala, Tamil Nadu and even abroad like Thailand and Malaysia. Speaking at the State Assembly on the issue of childbearing, Maneka Gandhi today addressed the Social Welfare Department of the Union Government.
For example, according to the newspaper report on the incident in the Wah Umtung in Ri-Bhoi, when you look at the pictures, you are shocked and shocked when you see and see the death of fish in the rud wah. .
My mother didn't sleep anymore. Both the children and the mother understood that this problem had come in front of their door.
PS Jana Rangbah Umden Arka and Bah A. Khyriem Rangbah Umden Mission.
It is learned that the mother of the child had gone to Nongpoh Civil Hospital on the 25th of this month to get medicine but after the doctors ordered her to buy the medicine, she gave it to her child. However, after a thorough examination, she saw that there were some kinds of things lying on the ground where she found bitter bottles and small bottle fragments which could be very dangerous to human life.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Ricky Dkhar, the injured said that they had gone to eat khana at Syntung village and when they came back at 4:30 pm, they left the house. They went astray and entered Jatah village and it was then that the people stopped the vehicle and started investigating. it's a mystery.
Regarding the treatment, the Principal Secretary said that the state, especially Shillong, has enough health facilities and the Civil Hospital alone has more than 100 beds if necessary.
Another 76-year-old woman and her 48-year-old son are currently undergoing treatment at the RIMS.
Mawkyrwat, March 31: Due to the need to maintain the cleanliness and beauty of the streams in the South West Khasi Hills District, as well as to ensure clean drinking water supply, the District Magistrate of South West Khasi Hills District, Dr. District, Mawkyrwat, T.Lyngwa, IAS, has issued an order under Section 144 CrPC. This order is to ban the opening of car factories, hotels, restaurants and others. streams and water bodies may be affected by the release of waste from these areas.
On the 7th Amlarem constituency, Lahkmen Rymbui (UDP), Stephanson Mukhim (NPP), Arbiang Kam Kharsohmat (INC), Aiban Gashnga (AITC) and Firstborn Manner (BJP) are the winners.
If the Government does not provide food and drink, many of the people will die of hunger,” he said.
WOSY is an organization with the motto The World is a Family, which brings together students from all over the state to celebrate festivals to understand culture, customs and traditions to strengthen brotherhood and being one.
Semiconductor chips do not have mechanical movement like tape.
“We will not ask which party you belong to and we will not distinguish your political affiliation and we will implement schemes for the benefit of you the people,” said Conrad. Shillong: Grace Mary Kharpuri, MDC of Nongshken constituency, on Tuesday said that during her tenure as Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), When she was in charge of the Council Building, she did not receive a single file until she was confused how to respond in the KHADC. Later she said that she wrote to the Secretary that He should have sent her the file of the Council Building but before that, the Dorbar said that she had been informed about the Council Building only in a handwritten letter.
A Nongrum, President of the Women's Wing, said that those who were arrested were accused of being robbers, just because they had found a jri siat sim, from the house. “We too have a bird shooting range at home,” she said.
“This famous Declaration of Human Rights affirms that all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights and freedoms without discrimination. “On this day, we call upon all the residents of the village to strengthen and resolve to stand together and protect the Human Rights, to support especially those people who are still struggling for justice and at the same time to strongly condemn those people or groups who violate and undermine the status of Human Rights “We pay special tribute especially to the courage and bravery of the private sector, volunteers, organizations,” said Bah Dino DG.Dympep, Chairman, MPHRC. Bhalang who come forward without fear or shame to speak and advocate on issues affecting the rights of the people in this state, whether it is through advocacy to achieve peace and stability through peaceful protests,” he said. “We give our full support to all the people and civil society organizations who have come forward to demand and get justice especially for those people who have been killed and seriously injured. and violated, violated their Human Rights at the hands of the Police.
The lack of high schools providing education up to class 40 and up to class 12 has forced many parents to send their children to schools in Shillong.
In the midst of the collapse of the market, there have been many doubts among the people that perhaps these are the soh which have been forcibly introduced by the powers of modern medicine.
It has also directed the state government to send its recommendations and the number of villages, households and population in the state, so that the central government can allocate funds for the supply of water. in each nest box.
That prayer was only a fulfillment because he did not pray night or morning.
Pynursla, July 23: The President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Monday at the VPP meeting at Pynursla Market said that the issue of khadar governance is well established. and this work of khadar rule is sacred and should not be regarded as a form of entertainment.
When asked whether the Congress will join hands with the TMC to form the Opposition, CLP Leader Ronnie V Lyngdoh said the Congress cannot decide to join hands with the TMC. Because both these parties have no understanding to work together even in other states of the country.
The Khadar rule in Meghalaya should not be handed over to the courts because there is no single issue of rule that the people vote for.
We can do that and the government has invested heavily in this sector which can provide employment opportunities especially to the youth.
The National People's Party (NPP) Leader and Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that it will be considered whether to remove the post of Minister from the United Democratic Party (UDP) MLAs. UDP).
He said that the ban on teachers is unfounded because the government has not paid adequate salaries, as the salaries of peons are still higher for school teachers.
The author in this year 2022 alone has published 4 books of national importance.
IIM-Shillong held its 14th Annual Convocation on Sunday where 5 Doctoral Scholars received their PhD degrees, while 238 students from PGP-2 -23, 43 students from PGPEX – 2022-23, 16 students from PGPWE-2020-22 and 47 students from PGPWE-2021-23 received Degree MBA In his welcoming remarks, the Chairman of the Board of Governors, Shishir Kumar Bajoria, congratulated the students on their achievements and stressed on the need for Skill Development to improve the quality of education. the future of India.
Jowai, Nailar 08 : Due to the deterioration of the road from Laskaiñ to Lad Mooshrot, the residents of West Jaintia Hills District under the leadership of Nehemayah Tyngkan as MLA candidate from 4-Mowkaiaw Constituency, today. days have passed to repair the road starting from Lad Mooshrot.
Denying the allegation, HANM Vice President Bah Bawan Nongsiej said that the protest of the HANM is for the cause of the people for the implementation of the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the HANM. Article 10 of the Constitution of India as approved by the State Legislative Assembly on 27th November
On the need to have a Rehabilitation Center at EJH to provide adequate services to the children of the District who have fallen victim to alcohol abuse.
The rally continued to the Parish Compound with background music to continue with prayers for various causes related to the peace of Manipur.
The team managed to score 117 runs for the loss of all wickets in 19.2 overs.
The cremation site is 3 feet to 2 feet high and 20 to 25 feet deep.
There have been 567 deaths in the state, bringing the total number of deaths to 70,8
When she came home, she was afraid that she might be killed.
KKHA President R Jyrwa said that a Dkhar shopkeeper named Lalu Ram has assaulted a Khasi woman named Loti Kharsyiem who has been selling brut in front of the shop for 25 years.
Government officials from the Chief Minister, Dr.
“We intend to complete the separation of the Judiciary from the Executive in Williamnagar, East Garo Hills and Nongstoin,” said the Principal Secretary to the Legal Affairs Department, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh. on Saturday.
Indeed, the Jaidbynriew and the State have many issues and problems that still need to be discussed and resolved.
Abhishek Bhagotia, IAS, DC, East Khasi Hills District and Commissioner of Taxes, has been transferred and will be reinstated as Secretary.
Shillong, June 11: The Government of Meghalaya on Tuesday and Tuesday celebrated the World Homeopathy Day by holding a marathon. More than 500 people including children aged 5 years and above to those aged 26 years and above took part.
Gokulam Kerala allowed Elshaddai Acheampong to score two goals for the team.
“When you look at the nature, it is very sad because the mountains and rivers have been destroyed by the destruction of us human beings,” said Bah Coming.
A total of 43 participants from different districts have participated in the award for the year 2021-2022, and the participants include manufacturers and manufacturers using siej, They were skilled in making the plates, the utensils, the utensils, the musical instruments, and all the other things.
Nongstoiñ, June 21: The residents of 23 villages in the Kyrshai area, are still in doubt whether the Assam government has decided to stop the construction of the Khri River for the production of bording, as it has handed over to the Brahmaputra Board to complete the survey since
He said that the cause of the floods is due to the lack of drainage system on the National Highway-6 and as soon as the rainfall comes, the water does not have a place to flow into Assam. The floods have destroyed the school, their residence and the church.
Many diseases get worse over time.
We need Bah Conrad, but he signed these bills.
In the survey conducted by the leaders of the community, none of the other parties were mentioned and what is more surprising is that even the BJP has been rejected as well.
Once again, not with guns, but with the laws that are against the peace and stability of our people,” said the President of the KSU. “According to this law (CAA 2019) , who entered before 31st November, 2014 do not need to apply for documents and proofs but are welcome as permanent residents of India.
In the Commerce Stream, Kavita Joshi of Seven Set Annexe High Secondary School came first.
The Pohlong Kur is the most numerous Kur in Jaintia Hills but it is said that this Kur originated from the Shyllong Hills and from there they started to grow all over the country and now the members of this Kur are more numerous in the eastern parts of the country. Jaintia Hills.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongthymmai Circle today conducted a check on foreign workers across the country through the ILP-checking. The land is located in Umpling Village.
During this visit, FKJGP has met with the management of the Children Home for the need for this children's home.
He said that the media report that the public hearing held on 9th November, in Dainthlen, where many opposed the project, is wrong and untrue and seems to be biased. .
There are 42 Nokma in Khasi Hills, but there will be no Garo who can contest elections from Khasi Hills and this is very sad, the statement said.
The source said that the cause of the incident was due to the fall of an electrical sign on a tree near the house. At that time, the child went to touch the snepkor leaf, she suffered from electric shock, so when the woman went to try to help, but at such a time, the child, The woman suffered this tragic incident and passed away.
He earns a living by driving a car and I earn a living by preparing books.
Kyntiewbor War, General Secretary of Mawshbuit Village, said that the meeting will be attended by the MLA of the constituency, Bah David Nongrum and their MDC, Bah Pyniaid Syiem.
These candidates were accompanied by their relatives and supporters from their respective constituencies.
Dauruhipaia scored a hat-trick after scoring the third goal in the 87th minute to secure the victory.
Jowai, Naitung 09: The HITO today confirmed the HITO West Jaintia Hills District at a meeting held at Tyrchi Inn.
Therefore, on the 22nd of this month we will hold a big meeting at Malki and we will also hold a rally,” said Bah Mayborn.
Russ Ladwa, of the British Dental Association, said “sports drinks are more likely to be good for health and marketing them to the public and especially to children when you are young, you are not right.
The MMDR Amendment Act, 2023 also provides for the mining of mineral resources by including Exploration Licenses (EL) for Mineral Resources and Primary Resources.
He spoke about the PM KUSUM solar schemes and said that there are more subsidies for the states of the North East.
Speaking on the occasion, the local MLA said that the people of the area are facing many problems and he said that he has tried to talk to the Minister of PWD from time to time. the representative will take this back to the government and ask for help in the area.
These ambulances were purchased from the Minister's Relief Fund for COVID-19 as part of the fight against the corona virus in the state.
In Khatkutta, former MLA Omillo K Sangma and a woman were raped by a newcomer, Chireng Peter R Marak.
The Kur Mawsor urges the State Government and the local MLA to take action on this issue in relation to health and health facilities for the rural people.
In memory of one of the former MDCs who passed away, (L) C.Biam, the Dorbar held a moment of silence.
Rev.P Hynniewta expressed his deep sorrow that the flow of money like a flood during the elections has swept away the leaders.
When inquiring about this scheme alone, the households earn less than 16,600 tyngka per annum which is a significant increase from previous years which was only 9000 tyngka per annum.
He added that the STP is working hard to ensure that there is no violence or avoidance of any tragic incident as well as the disruption of the society.
This has happened this time thanks to the understanding of Swapnil Tambe IAS Director Education & School Literacy and the hard work of the staff of the PM POSHAN (Mid Day Meal Scheme) cell.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Rowel Lyngdoh, said that the state government has written to the central government to appoint another judge in the court in the state to speed up the trial.
“I am a friend of all the NPP members from Conrad, Sniawbhalang, Prestone, Comingone and others but it doesn't mean that I will join the party,” he said.
Clean marriage is dangerous and harmful to our small nation.
Those who attended the event were Laura Khongsit, Nauna Warjri, Program Manager, O. Lyngdoh and B. Pariat, Civil. Engineers, Village Authorities, Self Help Groups from different villages and others.
Before they enter the ward where there are patients, they have to search their bags, belongings and even their bodies at the gate.
In the 79 kg freestyle category, Arunachal Pradesh won the gold medal through Janwang Khimhuin.
The college teachers said that they had met Mukul Sangma at his office on 5th June and during the meeting he promised to do something by July. Speaking yesterday with firm promises to implement and increase their salaries.
Through this tournament, the winners will also be selected to participate in the State Level which will be held soon in Shillong.
The Government's announcement came a day after the committee of political parties which met on Tuesday decided to propose to the State Government to set up an Expert Committee to discuss the issue. update your Reservation Policy.
The total number of cases in the country has risen to 82,8
He said that many people have alleged that Bah Paul has not done anything for the people but this is not true.
However, the Congress has elected the current MDC, Bah Marbok Kharpran.
This program is specifically for the purpose of providing information to the school children and residents of the District regarding the implementation of various electricity schemes by the Central Government.
This (the Beast) will sit in the Temple of the Fourth in Jerusalem and will pretend to be God.—2 Thessalonians 2:1-4
Since Dr. Mukul Sangma left the Congress party along with 12 MLAs and joined the Trinamool Congress, the party has weakened severely.
The Israelites have rejected, they have lost the priesthood to this day.
The meeting was held at Shillong Club and was attended by PWD (Roads & Buildings) officials who discussed how to implement various projects in the state.
“We are talking about Article 19, Sub Clause D and E, which gives citizenship to Indians to live anywhere but the state government has a part in Article 19, clause 5, which says that the state government. “The Supreme Court has respected us the low paid,” said Shylla.
We are happy that we have got the road but now we have to face the same problem again,” said Bah Passon.
V Sports took the innings in 6 overs and won by 3 wickets.
“We need the support of the people to be able to do other sports”.
The wife of former Mawlai MLA Founder Strong Cajee will leave this time to support Embhah Syiemlieh. and the Founder is now with Embhah.
However, at the same time, he said that if necessary, the education department will consider the matter in these days.
She said that if time was given to clean the shops, the trees and tins would still be good and would have been cleaned as they were after the cleaning.
St. Johns Secondary School Jyntru won the Best Team for U-14 girls and Little Blossom Secondary School Jyntru won the Best Team for U-14 girls. In the U-16 girls' category, St. Alfred's Secondary School won, the boys' category went to St. Joseph's Higher Secondary School. School Nongpoh, which won 12 gold, 4 silver and 12 bronze medals, won 12 gold, 4 silver and 12 bronze medals. Trained to participate in the State Level to be held soon in Shillong.
of Space (DOS) to provide information related to Space Technology and services for the development of the North East.
If we turn to the border of the state, we see that only Maieid Hopingstone Lyngdoh has been a lone fighter throughout his tenure as MLA.
He said that according to the discussion, the company should fill the land until their farmland is in line with the By Pass road.
He said that all the preparations of the village are in collaboration with the villagers and the government.
Bah HM Shangpliang also directed the officers to start the work so that the residents of these two villages especially the households nearby will not face any problems.
However, transferring patients to other facilities is only in cases where there are too many patients and there is no room to sleep, because the beds are limited, so they cannot send them to other places. cleaner and more beds, because to sleep on the balcony of the patients is impossible because they need adequate beds.
The Thma u Rangli (TUR) fully supports the strike of teachers under the umbrella of the Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASTOM) for their legitimate and constitutional demands.
Meghalaya SSA School Association, Central Body.
Whose blood is this? Don whyatt said – the blood of the Messiah.
Lapang said that Hoping is a man who has a lot of service ahead of himself and his main goal is to serve the people. “In all the elections he has won, he has never gone to the campaign because he has already won the trust of the people and he has bought the love of the people from their hearts. through righteousness, integrity and the foundation on which he stands,” said Bah Lapang.
We urge the Minister in charge of District Council Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui to send the Executive Committee of JHADC to use its powers properly for these cement factories and coke factories which earn crores of rupees. There are also factories which have not paid their renewal fees. We urge the Minister to close down such factories if they cannot comply with the rules agreed with the JHADC. JHADC.It is not good for the Executive Committee of JHADC to say that it cannot pay salaries to the employees while the resources of our District are allowed to eat whatever they want without following the rules of the District. council.
These 69 weeks ended after Jesus was no longer on earth.
According to Kong Pynsngiat Kharlukhi, a member of the group and the breeder of these pigs, the death toll of pigs in the farm has reached 30 pieces, from the fatlings to the young pigs.
Awards were also distributed to these two Boards by the Chief Guest, Bah Sanbor Shullai and the officers of these Boards were also present.
We have seen the Assembly in these times of the leaders today instead of being a house of building and discussion to develop and protect but it has turned into a house of laughter.
The incident happened on Friday.
Pinky Sharma 1st division scored 70.83% in total marks and received distinction in Health and Mathematics.
Their journey destroyed the plants.
Shillong: Five farmers from Mawkadiang village, Nongstoin West Khasi Hill District have been shot dead by a pyrthat in a tragic incident which happened today. were injured in the incident.
If he cares about the poor, he should ask the Chief Minister of Maharashtra to increase taxes because taxes are very low in Mumbai,” said Dharmendra.
Hard to persuade, hard to correct, hard to scold, hard to explain.
Regarding the murder of the child, it was learned that the robbers had raped the 15-year-old child before killing him. shaba palat pud, where it was learned that the robbers who were involved in this crime, had bombed his body with wooden sticks, along with throwing stones at his head, until you can pra hi form.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 26: The Nongstoin Block Congress Committee (NBCC) has strongly opposed the nomination of Gabriel Wahlang as the new MDC by the Congress party for the post of MDC from 32-Nongstoin Constituency. They alleged that the former President of the Meghalaya Youth Congress (MYC) has been fighting against the Congress candidates from Nongstoin in the MLA, MDC and MP elections. just finished.
On the third day of the protest, not only the people but also the leaders came to support the protest of Bah Ardent including the General Secretary of the UDP Dr Jemino. Mawthoh, MDC Nongthymmai Latiplang Kharkongngor, Amaizing Kurbah, Baningstar Kharpor, leaders of civil society organizations including HITO, HNYM, HANM, UHM, the union of urban and suburban taxi drivers, market dwellers and many others who cannot be named.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Co Chairman of the State Law Commission and MDC of KHADC, Bah Bindo M Lanong on Tuesday demanded that the BSF should hand over to the state police for investigation. The death of Bah Roningstar Nongkynrih.
In Manipur, Dr L Swasticharan, Additional DDG and Director EMR; Dr Sanjay Sadhukhan, Professor AIIH&PH; to Tripura, and Dr RN Sinha; sha Kerala, U Dr Ruchi Jain, Public Health Specialist Gr.
Regarding the NH-44 East Jaintia, HNYF-EJZ & HANM-KC demand that the government should immediately repair this road as the condition of this road has become excessive. , The residents even on foot are afraid of being injured by the stone quarrying due to the recent repair of the road by the PWD department with stone and stem soil.
The JBCC sends its condolences to the wife, children and family members on the passing away of Dr. JBCC. Syngkon doesn't have this time.
against the spiritual wickedness in the heavenly places" Ephesians 6:11-1
Shillong: The Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, today said that the police are searching for those involved in the robbery of people in several places in the city in these days. KSU member has died suddenly after being tied in Ichamati in Shella area.
'SankalpSaptaah' is the conclusion of these thoughts.
The need is the preparation of money, the work to prepare food and drink, the preparation to kill people or kill people to get more to win and in this struggle and kill people hab There are also those who use their skills in a good and clean way and those who use them in unclean ways and not to buy or invest with money.
This issue is also an important part of the government's efforts to ensure that young people who are indigenous or indigenous can apply for jobs.
Vitamin B12 : Vitamin B12 is essential for the production of red blood cells and DNA.
Khliehriat, Naitung, 03: Two drug traffickers have been arrested in a shrip by the East Jaintia Hills Police on Tuesday evening.
Nagaland scored 127 runs for the loss of two wickets on the opening day and are still leading Meghalaya by three runs.
In Aizawl district, 54 cases have been reported.
The funeral service will begin at 1 pm.
The union has already submitted a petition to the Chief Engineer of PWD (Road), Shillong demanding immediate action against the contractor.
At the same time, he urged others who have not yet come to cut meat, to come and try so that they can know how it is.
In this regard, the most important thing is the investment.
In the decision, it was alleged that even at the time of the order to issue the decision, the fire came suddenly, the fire went out and came back after a few seconds and this is what the state government, should not give a valid answer.
The curfew, called Hefazat-e-Islam, has worked well in Dhaka, Norshingdi, Narayanganj, Brahmanbaria, Chittagong, Sylhet, Rajshahi and other districts.
Shillong, March 03 : Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie today donated Rs 2 lakh to the Mawlai Sports Club at his office in Mawlai Nongpdeng.
The 'Har Ghar Jal' project is part of this mission, which aims to provide drinking water through taps to every household in rural India by
These days, we all talk about the change of nature.
Bah Marcus Marten, President of the HNYF, led by members of the HNYF and several parents from the village, led the closure of the quarry. The land of the quarry, which belongs to Santu Agarwal, has been immediately closed down.
“Furthermore, Dr. Marak said that if there is any difference in the cows, the farmers should immediately inform the department. of the nearest AH&V.
The meeting was also attended by the Rangbah Shnongs of Rangblang, Umdohlun Wahkaji, Pynden Umjarain and Nongtnger in the presence of the President of Wahkaji-Mawthabah Land Owners Association. the old man of Sangriang.
"On the part of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James K Sangma, he said that there have been many measures taken by the government to improve the health sector for the benefit of the people. the general public.
Jesus said – wow do you know me? and do you know where I am? I have not come of myself, but he who sent me is true, whom you do not know.
Shillong, Nailar 24: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah Peter S Dkhar, has called a meeting with the traders of piat tomorrow to discuss the sudden increase in the price of piat.
Farms, even if they are completely complete, from the farm house, to the special cattle farms, to the special pig farms and even to the fish ponds, are crowded.
Therefore, the party strongly opposes this and does not want any unrest in Rilum Khasi, therefore demands that the government of Mukul Sangma should cancel this plan and if it does not listen to this, it will not cause any unrest in Rilum Khasi. The party is ready to demand other strong measures.
“These activities are a violation of the law and may also affect the smooth running of the elections.
If the family, the country, the nation does not build strongly in the beginning, it will build – this includes even the jobs, the work and the human being.
The Power of Attorney through counsel also expresses the same view in the affidavit and in the argument that it promises to The Government shall postpone the election of candidates and vitiate the election process and thus express its firm willingness to implement any recommendation or decision of the Court in this regard.
Rupang today spoke to several farmers from Ri-Bhoi and other places, who expressed their dissatisfaction that these officials especially the Khasi speakers have speak in English which they themselves cannot understand what they are saying.
Chiang D Shira was also elected as Joint Secretary unopposed, while Sengnab Momin was elected as a new member.
There was no rainfall in Shillong, Umiam and Sohra today.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The Sohra Circle (HNPM) on Tuesday said that the Sordar of Nongsteng Hima, Bah Lit Malngiang, has been authorized to allocate 7 acres of land to the villagers of Nongsteng. village land to a foreigner.
Four teams have participated in the March Past including Shaphrang SC, Lhyon Madanlangning SC, Madanlangning SC and Rangngei SC. Lhyon Madanlangning SC came second with 10 points, Rangngei SC came second with 9 points, Ïaid Shaphrang SC came third with 8 points and Madanlangning SC came last with 7 points.
After the news spread on social media about the incident, his fans were worried and sent messages that he is in good health.
The JCCTA leader accused the government of not thinking about the lives and livelihoods of the truck owners.
The Australian Consul General expressed her satisfaction to hear of the MSOA's support for the DSYA in using Australian Olympians to train sportsmen and expressed her satisfaction that the state Meghalaya has made progress like other states in India.
On Tuesday, the Director General of Police (DGP) of Jammu & Kashmir Dilbag Singh told reporters that these groups were involved in the attacks. Two districts in the border areas including Rajouri and Poonch will soon be abolished.
It is to be recalled that in 2015, the KSU has already sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District regarding the re-implementation of the Umiam petrol station. This will be a blessing to Meghalaya that it doesn't have to worry too much if there is a protest within 2 months.
We live in a world where we have to trust each other.
It is also to inform all the residents and those who do not travel by vehicle to government offices or workplaces within the Shnong Lawmali Pyllun, as there will be a temporary restriction on entry. They left and parked their vehicles along the road while the cleanliness drive was going on except those vehicles going to Hospital.
When we walk up and down we see these plastic bags filled with garbage from the houses and garbage along the roads or in the streets and especially in the streams flowing from Shillong.
The District & Session Judge of Ri Bhoi District, through an order issued on 29th June, has ordered the IO who took over the case to arrest all those involved. The persons named in the ejahar should be placed in Police Custody for 3 days.
Shillong, November 30: “Friends say that the political parties are now only strong, they are only strong, but we are living in the days when there are those who are strong only on Social Media, to appear on the stage. afraid of being arrested, afraid of the police.
FKJGP Lama Unit General Secretary Haniel Syrti, 24, passed away today while undergoing treatment at Woodland WK Hospital.
The All Assam Students Union (AASU), Asom Gana Parishad (AGP), Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS), Asom Jatiyatabadi Yuva Chhatra Parishad (AJY CP) and many other political parties have strongly condemned the death of the party leader. .
This is double the amount allocated last year.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam Sangma, on Tuesday said that although NEHU has said that it will implement the National Education Policy from next month, but for the colleges. If you are not ready to accept, you can start next year.
The new cases include EKH: 51, NGH: 1, RBD: 3, WJH: 2 and WKH:
It is unclear how income can be improved where electricity alone is not sufficient.
Shillong, November 06 : The Dorbar Shnong Mission will hold a cleanliness drive on the 10th of this month (Saturday) from 7:00 pm until the completion of the work.
Firstlin Roy, a 6th semester student of Moolephaw Nongjngi, Jowai, has won the title of Miss Rynji Falls
At the time of writing, no one has been killed in the incident, but others have been seriously injured, especially the driver of the Sumo and others in front. this is Sumo.
We will close down the illegal shops,” said Bah Pyniaid.
Without these words “U”, “Ka” there would be no noun in Khasi.
But you don't have to worry about it.
Speaking to reporters, three elders of the area including Bah Risperlan Wanniang, Bah Lisparly Thongni and Bah Ibira Lyngdoh, said that their meeting with the Deputy CEM it is because of the delay in appointing the King of the Hima.
In this programme , the Chief Guest spoke on the topic of encouraging our students and also opened one of the ABVP news activities that ABVP Meghalaya has started to do until these days Please visit the ABVP Voice page.
When asked whether there is any complaint from the NPP that he has left the party, Benedic said, “It's not a complaint because I and the NPP have been involved from the beginning. by Purno and if you look at the last election my pictures is one that they put in the flexes they erected to get support from the people.
Police have lodged a complaint under Section 302 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) at Patharkhmah Police Station.
On the other hand, Bah Shullai urged the CEM of KHADC to convene a meeting of all political parties to discuss this issue in order to prevent the MUDA from moving land to the Council land.
Rajib said the rally at Santirbazar was part of the BJP's campaign across India to celebrate the 9th Anniversary of the BJP. Rajib said that JP Nadda will arrive in Tripura on the 16th of this month and on that day he will attend a meeting with senior BJP leaders including to the Chief Minister of the State – Dr. Manik Saha.
Furthermore, the CCIB is awaiting a reply from the office of the Chief Minister to meet with the Chief Minister who has submitted its request for a meeting on 24th July
Rikman G Momin, the BJP candidate from Tura, will also file his nomination papers today.
As the name of this shlem, which has been agreed with parents for many generations, Johnson's® Baby has recognized the commitment of parents to help protect the health of their babies from the day they were born. first.
Rupda's book is available through Amazon and Flipkart.
The PMGKAY Antyodaya Anna Yojna (AAY) will be distributed at the rate of 5 kg per capita per month free of charge in urban and rural areas.
The Court also directed the counsel of the JHADC to submit a clear reply within three months, which the counsel of the JHADC agreed to.
They said that after seeing that the EM Trade Bah James Sylliang has lost sleep because of the desire to open the chicken farm, they have lost confidence and they are reluctant to go to him. Shillong, March 26: The leader of the Maitshaphrang Movement, Bah Michael N Syiem today said that he has not fought against the Dorbar Shnong. Jaiaw Laitdom has sent a letter to the EC of the Dorbar Shnong Jaiaw Laitdom on 22nd March explaining all the reasons why he did not attend the meeting. session.
The number of cases in India has risen to 560 so far and 46 of them have recovered from admission to various hospitals.
Although he did not deny or accept that there is indeed a protest to remove leaders within the party.
In our understanding, this Bill has been suspended because the state government is afraid that it will affect the rights of the non-tribals who have settled in the state.
Venny tied 27 off 64 balls and smashed two fours.
We the people of Sohra also don't want the Pynursla Sub-Division to be included in the new district of Sohra.
Bora, who is the president of the AGP, left for the party meeting.
Various differences for many reasons such as selfishness and selfishness along with selfishness to avoid being accused in many churches by accusing others seems to have become a rabi.
“The DC has said that the talks have been successful and within the next few days he will issue an order to withdraw the BSF from the area,” said KSU EJHDU President Streamly N Suchen in a statement.
Indeed, God has created not only us Khasi as a special nation.
These leaders joined the UDP party at a meeting held today at the Dorbar Hall, Sajer Nongpoh where they were welcomed by UDP leaders including Dr. Jemino Mawthoh. UDP Ri Bhoi District President Balajied Rani, Nongpoh MDC and other party leaders were also present.
Earlier, Lamsalanki Pariat President of KYKWM in his opening remarks said that the Khooid Yaka Wah Myntdu was established on 19th July 2021 with the aim of protecting and preserving the Wah Myntdu which is the source of drinking water and surrounds the city of Jowai. , but after the garbage collection in Jowai, they took the opportunity to conduct a training to convert the garbage into compost.
Others involved in the robbery are still on the run, the report said.
What will happen to those who are still alive at that time? Thessalonians 4:17 “Blessed are the dead which die in the Lord” (Revelation 14:13).
The HNLC's move comes amid the ongoing peace talks with the central government, the state government and the HNLC.
The Dorbar Shnong of Lumdaitkhla Bhoirymbong on Tuesday held a meeting with the residents of Lumdaitkhla Bhoirymbong to explain the issue. There is a need to have a proper waste disposal site, which is in accordance with the modern technology known as Solid Waste Management.
Khliehriat, Naitung 31: The Environment Coordination Committee (ECC) has found that the coke mining factory at Umtrya village, owned by Santa Mary Shylla, has produced smoke. “Ia, the coke owners are not believing, the coke in Umtyra is burning the enemy and producing smoke as if to kill the people,” said the statement.
Apart from that, this is number one.
Shillong: The Nongjri Seng, Shillong, which was established in 1963, has announced through the media that it will hold its 56th General Meeting Cum Social Meet on the 26th March Khasi National Durbar Hall, Mawkhar, Shillong at 1:00 pm.
Shillong, July 25: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Saturday declared a war against drugs and urged the State Government to take new measures to fight against the spread of drugs. jyndih pynbuaid which has also caused destruction not only to the homes but to the society of the state.
In his speech, the Minister said that under the JJM scheme, there are 11 villages where the state government has been able to provide drinking water using solar water pumps.
It is only today that more people have recovered from the disease than those who have been infected or 48.88 percent.
Today, at the public meeting at Polo, the people came voluntarily and paid their own expenses.
The Behdeiñkhlam of Raij Tuber which started on the 21st of November and ended on the 24th of November will be held in compliance with the government's guidelines related to the prevention of corona virus.
There isn't.
He said that despite the hard work of the health workers, various organizations working in the communities and also on the part of the Government, there has been an increase on the part of the LFUs and encourage them to take healing measures.
The earth is not slow, Ham is slow, Ham is sweet.
Vehicles were also urged to follow the rules of driving, which was announced by the SP of the district for the safety of the public.
The CEO said that the tournament will be only to open the door for children to play and there is no preparation to select the best players.
“The NRC should work in all states and it is this island that will protect all Indians, but those who do not have NRC will leave Assam and go to other states. We need a strong law,” Sonowal said.
Those who violate this law shall be punished.
Speaking further, the Minister said that there are several development projects that have started in South Garo Hills which include the Ranikor-Rongara-Baghmara road which has almost been completed, the construction in Baghmara and The introduction of Science and Commerce Streams at Captain Williamson Sangma College, Baghmara which will meet the needs of the youth in South Garo Hills.
“Now you don't have to go to Shillong or Guwahati to buy cars,” said the Rangbah Shnong of Pynursla.
At Gauhati he received the help of Colonel Francis Jenkins, the Governor of Assam, who was a Welshman, and was able to board a boat and cross the Brahmaputra River to Calcutta.
The aim is to strengthen the Beti Bachao Beti Padhao program of the Ministry of Women and Child Development.
Replying to the question on what measures the union will take if the department does not do anything, Samla Forwardman said that the union is ready to go to court to get the rights of this person. hebride.
This jhur is not like other jhur that work only for tissues or flesh; It has the ability to prevent diabetes and reduce the absorption of carbohydrates.
When they marked the boundary, they marked it by carving a mark on the stones or by writing a Mawbynna and also by writing the name in the native language of those places.
The Taliban said they would leave tonight to take over Kabul after several hours outside the city, the report said.
The sport meet was inaugurated by Bah S Sangkli, Secretary, Umkremdykhong Village, Jirang on Tuesday.
In the men's final, Arunachal Pradesh beat Meghalaya 5-4 by tie breaker.
The incident occurred at 2.30 pm this morning.
These motorcycle drivers, known as captains, have started their work from today, and it is said that about 100 captains have started their work.
He urged the youth to take advantage and be hardworking, so that the country can shine under their leadership for the future generations.
It is learned that there were many children who were playing at that time on the football ground and the game was not a tournament but they were just practicing as usual.
Once again, the sounds of the threat, the threat to expel the foreigners, the 'Dkhars' one day, are now heard.
“How soon this college will celebrate its 50th anniversary but the government has not pushed for its needs,” he said.
Shillong, July 9: The Chief Judicial Magistrate, Shillong on Tuesday sentenced Mithu Dhar, 28, of Nongrim Hills, Shillong, to life imprisonment. year is true.
Shillong, Nailar 6: The Lum Shyllong road, which runs to Pomlakrai and leaves Kseh Bilat and connects the Shillong-Jowai highway, has become a road that has made it easier for vehicles to travel. except for the traffic jam to Shillong and those who want to go to Jowai, or those who want to go to Madanryting, Nongthymmai and Umpling and NEIGHRIMS and parts of Mawdiangdiang.
Prestone said that many people want to see this festival because it is a festival where the people can see the culture and especially the customs and traditions of the different Hima on the border. you are the Council.
“I will review tomorrow all the projects that are being implemented including the Smart City projects,” said Bah Dhar.
He encouraged them, 'that although they have children who are disabled, they know that God has placed them in this world with purposes because 'even though they are in that part, they are among them. who can train themselves in singing, dancing and others according to their ability through the special talent that God has given them.
Such words are the words pita - for the clothes of the dorji, mynja - for the leaf that produces water when it is cleaned with the kinds of iit that have been cut for the purpose of cleaning the knife, latai- the shalyntem, ïit- the thing that is clean and bright and clear when looking through, the table - the thing that is placed on the ground where people sit, rynda- the thing that is clean jlih the lynter tree, paiñtali- the ksam thliew on the syriem tree like a shniah shoh maw, cut the wooden weapon like a sword without a sword, rashi- the sword without a sword, shuri - the wait sum, duli- the knife used to lock and lock the door, sati- the ksah in the shympriah kti also known as the sahti, khadu - the knife used in the hand. ryndang kti, hold the sohshkor in the ear, latom- the pyllon of silver for the purpose of throwing on the ground with a ring of ksai, thyrnia- the stang of silver They can be covered with ksai for making clothes, narpyllon with sohmanir sohmanir shyieng or isbad with water that is not burned in the fire, lyngka with silver lynter like u sum from the end of the stone quarry, sdie- the nar lyngkhot that shut nep syrti shiliang for cutting wood, ksai- the snur of thir and suh jaiñ, and others like that.
The DC of Ri Bhoi District, said that there have been many complaints from many churches regarding the mining and clearing of hills and rivers without the knowledge or permission of the District Administration. The District Administration has launched an investigation into the illegal activity by appointing a Magistrate and has also set up a committee to conduct the investigation.
The preparation for this is more important for the various parties to get the best and most qualified candidates to win the election.
Peter promised to obey his mother's warning and not to disappoint her.
During the meeting, Mukul also discussed with Rajnath the state of peace and order in the state.
The decision to refuse to attend the peace talks convened by the DC Ri Bhoi, the village leaders of Erpakon, have held a meeting with the participation of all the residents of the village, including the elderly and the young alike.
The police have seized these thuk tuks after receiving a complaint from the residents of the area, who have lodged a complaint with the police, that there has been an incident of theft. bike from time to time in the area.
East Jaintia Hills Police have lodged an FIR against the robbers who shot dead Agnes and Amita.
And of all the websites on the internet you can use but only one is not allowed to use at all and that is the website of pornographic movies.
This climb of the soul is to strengthen the soul, to be blessed and to be strong and this soul climb to Lum Sohpet Bneng, is also a custom started by the Raid Mawbuh since the 19th century. However, for many reasons, the Raid has stopped and has been handed over to the Seng Khasi to continue.
Praful, a BJP leader from Gujarat, was once the children's minister in the Narendra Modi government in the state.
However, according to his information, the scheme has been given only to the rich and the poor, alleging that if it is given to the poor, they will not be able to complete the projects.
However, the corruption of this most famous examination authority in Meghalaya has been revealed.
The owner of the money, Champion R Sangma (46), a resident of Songsak in Meghalaya, said that the money was worth ₹15,00,000/-. He said that he had paid ₹3,50,000/- to Poresh Das and Bijay Das. Petrol Pump worth ₹15,00,000/- in counterfeit money.
Isawanda Laloo-IAS Director, Sports Department, Government of Meghalaya will be the chief guest.
A team of the committee led by its chairperson Dr Kirit P Solanki has arrived in the city to review the progress of works related to the welfare of the Scheduled Tribes.
Today, four persons came to the ADC to give their answers and according to the understanding, a few people have been invited and the answers will end until 6th March.
When asked whether the stadium has been able to continue football matches, he said that if it is one, it will have to suspend all the matches so that it will not disrupt the remaining matches.
As one of the leaders, who has played a major role in serving the people, the Trinamool Congress leader in the Legislative Assembly, Dr Mukul Sangma, has checked the health of the people. the inhabitant of the village.
On the same day, 80 cases have been confirmed including 30 cases from West Garo Hills, 25 cases from East Khasi Hills, 11 cases from South West Garo Hills and others.
AMOS DKHAR (UDP) –
The drivers of the four vehicles said that this problem has affected not only the passengers but also the drivers who earn their living through this industry.
This will be a joy for the farmers as they have not been able to sell and market their vegetables properly,” said Bah Banteibor Lyngdoh.
City have been a strong team since being taken over by Abu Dhabi owners in 2008 after spending billions on the club.
She said that the Congress' decision to march up to 3,000 KM is to bring unity to fight with one voice against the accumulation of wealth by a few, an attempt to divide the country. and attempts to violate the rights of the citizens of the country.
Hakabiang Lyngdoh, State Vice President and District Incharge, gave a speech of encouragement.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, the Minister said that through the Eklavya Model Residential Schools (EMRS) under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Tribal Affairs, the Government of India has registered 36 Eklavya Model Residential Schools. Residential Schools in Meghalaya.
When asked how she counts the performance of the incumbent MP of Shillong, Bah Vincent H Pala, Kong Ampareen said she did not come to count anyone but she will meet him at the polling station as MP candidates. “I won't say what the MP has done, what he hasn't done, but let the people judge.
The Assam Survey has been completed and the Mawpuds it has surveyed have been destroyed by the people.
On 20th November 2023, the district authorities of West Khasi Hills have seized 11 illegal coal burning factories in Shallang area, West Khasi Hills.
He urged them to provide themselves with weapons such as guns and other protective equipment to protect themselves from these attackers.
He has close feelings for people who are struggling because of his life experiences and said the Government values ​​them the most and has steps in place to ensure they have access to services where they live. .
Higher Secondary School, Sohkha today announced the results of Sohkha Govt HSS School in the SSLC and HSSLC Examination 2020 conducted by MBOSE. 60%.
Chanmi Syrti Education Secretary KSU Narpuh Circle has urged the students to send their mark sheets and certificates to the KSU office in Lumshnong or by phone at
By the end of July, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare will also start giving injections to those under 18 years of age, he said.
This comes after the PAC has investigated into the allegation that there is a lack of payment of compensation to the land owners for the construction of the airport at Umroi, Ri-Bhoi District.
Now we are in the Christmas season, a time when we remember that God came to live with us here on earth.
The ruling National People's Party (NPP), Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the opposition Congress have nominated their foreign candidates in the elections. Some constituencies especially in the ethnic conflict areas of Garo Hills.
“Then Ezra arose, and made the chief priests, the Levites, and all Israel, to swear that they would do according to this word.
On the other hand, Meghalaya has had nine players who have represented the state in this tournament and only two players have reached the pre-quarterfinals. I encourage them to work harder to reach the goal.
At the same time, he said that if the leaders in Delhi have ordered, they have to obey.
He said the government's intention is to ensure that the State has designated areas only for people to walk.
“It cannot be done immediately because before passing the law, we have to go through it carefully because once it becomes a law, it should be like that,” said Bah Banteilang.
“This placard is not to condemn or oppose the Prime Minister and the MDA government, but to show that the factories do not respect the government's orders. JAC Chairman Nehemayah Tyngkan who was present at the placard rally,” said JAC Chairman Nehemayah Tyngkan.
Shillong, March 17: The BJP Meghalaya has nominated nine candidates including a woman for the mid-term MDC elections to be held on November 13,
When asked whether his departure from the PDF will not affect the party, Hamlet said that he and the People's Democratic Front (PDF) and the leaders have no differences of opinion. Before he left, the PDF congratulated him.
Disparsing said that according to the information he has received from the central and state governments, he has found that the amount of money that the state government should receive is about Rs 600 crore to pay them. There is no equipment for the implementation of this scheme.
The second prize went to Army Public School, Shillong led by Santanu Dhar and Abram Bhattacharjee and the third prize went to St. Edmund's School, Shillong led by Divyendu Kashyap and Arush Rahman.
The Lyngdoh said the first benefit will be for the people of Laitumkhrah and this is something they cannot negotiate peacefully.
The Prime Minister Poshan Shakti Nirman has launched the ICDS known as Saksham Aganwadi and POSHAN 2.0 for children. school children) and other, schemes, related on health.
He also reminded that the VPP has already warned the state government on this issue outside and inside the Legislative Assembly.
From year to year, there have been demands to amend the Reservation Policy, but nothing has been done.
The purpose of this Center which was inaugurated today is to set a low price so that poor families can get treatment or provide assistance. We can bring peace and stability in the society and we can also bring about change in the lives of those who have fallen into the trap of alcohol abuse especially to eradicate alcohol abuse.
Before the confirmation of the office bearers, a meeting was held under the chairmanship of Bah Bring Kharbani.
However, when we look back at the present time, we see that robbery has become widespread.
He will contest against LJP (Ram Vilas) candidate Veena Devi.
The Area Manager of Apollo Tires, Ma Embhah Dkhar, said that the purpose of the company to donate these jerseys is as part of the encouragement and motivation to the football players of Ladthadlaboh SC. This is the first time that they have donated to the village authorities in the region.
Jowai: A Maruti Alto 800 (MLO11 2139) and the driver of Jalaphet village, East Jaintia Hills, were arrested.
Once the public knows about Bike Taxis, the Traffic Police and Enforcement Police will do their duty.
Therefore, the leaders of the Raid Amjong together with the leaders of these three Seng Bhalang after receiving information about the situation of these Bangladeshis, have demanded from the Syiem of Khyriem Hima and the District Council authorities. These people should fall under the jurisdiction of the Shnong and the Raid, because if they are allowed to have their own leader as before, the time will come when they will become the leaders of these villages, they added. .
The distrust of the Government shows that the Government has not respected the teachers as it respects the Government employees.
Framework : The shruh-shruh is the framework of any body.
The KSU, therefore, demands that the Aadhar number should be released, so that there will be no problems for the students, who can take advantage of this opportunity. Shillong, July 4: The Catholic Authors' Guild (CAG) in collaboration with the St. Cecilia Choir, Cathedral Parish, said in a statement. will celebrate the 50th Anniversary of Rev.Fr.
“We also demand that you take action to resolve the boundary between Meghalaya and Assam on the basis of the history, maps and documents of the villages and districts under the JHADC. We are ready to support you in protecting the boundaries of the Villages and Elaka within the JHADC and we hope that you will accept and take action on our demand.
It is for this reason that many of the protests end without reaching the goal of victory.
From one government to another, the border issues remain slow, while those who stand are moving more and more to parts of the state and there will be bloodshed as is happening now.
After this, the Government of India did not hesitate to continue the social agreements with the National Socialist Council of Nagaland (Khaplang) and that previous social agreement cannot be continued in the future.
“I said they are not the same because after four years of medical education specialist doctors have to study for another two years so I told them how it will be the same.
It is learned that on Saturday, 1st July, the same incident happened in the Kupli River in Moolieh, where three children from Saphai WJHD, drowned in the river. The bodies of the victims were recovered on Sunday morning.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, Shillong, has announced the closure of the house of Sholinda Dkhar, Shillong. House No.RN 035 and the house of POnyton Lyngdoh in Lawjynriew, Rngi Neng and the house of Shubhashish Dhar in Jail Road Bazar.
Shillong: The Executive Engineer PHE, Electrical Division, Mawphlang, on Tuesday said that the water supply from the GSWS will now be released through 1000mm water pipes. um, there can be garbage.
The Dorbar Shnong Rynjah has no restrictions on the activities of the Society but in relation to the boundary and trade of inheritance all should come under the jurisdiction of the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah.
The Khasi phawar and dorbar is one of the parts that clearly shows the traditional customs of the place and the people who live there.
Nongpoh, July 06: The District Court of Ri Bhoi District on Tuesday sentenced two KSU leaders, including Ferdynald Khamkamni, to 14 days in judicial custody. , President of North Khasi Hills, Sonstar Nongkhlaw, said that the KSU had attacked by shooting at the workers and destroying the machinery of the company that operates the land. The railway station is planned to be built at Ronghona, Ri Bhoi District.
So, we are also confident that she will reach the goal of victory," he said.
He said that in these days the wind of change has come, which is not pleasant in this country of India which has many different ethnic groups and religions.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar said that the defeat of the HSPDP in the last MLA election is only a mistake in human nature because in human nature. There is always a mistake, but this time the party has struggled to unite through the return of Bah LG Nongsiej.
MBOSE is worried about whether the results of SSLC and HSSLC will be released on time as it has done in previous years because there are still subjects that have not been completed. All the examinations have been postponed and even the evaluation has been postponed.
He said the government under his leadership has been able to accomplish many projects which previous governments have not been able to accomplish such as the construction of the 5-star hotel Taj Vivanta, Marriott hotel. and the Ganol Hydroelectric Power Project, and other projects that have been suspended for many years.
The Jowai Municipal Board, which is responsible for the cleanliness of the villages in Jowai, should take action to remove the sohkyrdot that the residents of Jowai have faced.
Nongpoh: Ten to 12 Langrut policemen and a police officer have been temporarily quarantined after an Under Trial Prisoner was arrested recently. He said he had been diagnosed with COVID-1
Then, the traffic jam started again from 2:00 pm until 5 pm or 5 pm.
This was the message of Amit Shah at the International Day against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking today.
The Secretary Shnong Mynni Mawbri and members from all over the Circle were present on the occasion.
Especially those who don't have to pay for school.
Therefore, if the writings are not put in place, the future generations will not even know about the election or appointment of a Syiem,” he said.
The robbers broke into the shop after breaking the lock and then stealing the money and other valuables. inside the shop.
In short, the area which has been neglected in the field of health has gradually become a place to get health care even from far away because people from all over Garo Hills and even From other parts of the country, people have also come for treatment at these hospitals.
He also congratulated and praised all the office bearers of the WJDSA who have worked hard without any payment to promote various sports in the District.
If the State Government wants to improve agriculture in Meghalaya as a whole, it should formulate a special policy for the farmers so that the farmers can benefit from this policy.
According to sources, the incident happened on Friday night at about 9.30 pm at one of the places in Phodumbah near Wah Umngi.
On the same day, the Ranikor Block Congress Committee (RBCC) in the presence of Ma Vincent H. Pala, President of the MPCC, confirmed the name of Victorealness Syiemlieh as the post of Chief Minister. candidate from the Indian National Congress (INC) from Ranikor Constituency where the struggle has now begun to fulfill the wishes of many people so that the goal of reaching the goal will be successful.
We will be monitoring further news.
Pala said he did not want to say anything on the explanation of the Chief Minister, but to expose the allegations of corruption in MeECL, they can investigate, why in this department they listen. net.
Political leaders believe that Mukul Sangma's statement is far-reaching and believe that Sangma, when he says so, has a forecast of the wind of change. which will come in Assam, after 19th June 2016, which could also change the entire North East including Meghalaya.
Dr Mukul Sangma, who is also the Leader of the Opposition, will contest from two constituencies, Songsak and Tikrikilla, in the MLA elections to be held on the 27th of this month.
The village authorities tried to extinguish the fire as much as possible and called the Fire and Emergency Services, but the fire was so severe that the Fire and Emergency Services. they had to fight until the fire was extinguished.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, the Chief Minister said the government has agreed to set up a Pay Commission which is held once every 40 years to increase salaries. to government servants.
The ceremony was attended by Bah Wailadmiki Shylla, MLA Jowai as the Chief Guest, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, Bah Victor Rani MDC Jirang. , teachers and many other elders.
One person from Dhubri has tested positive for coronavirus, said Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
Shillong, Naiwieng 9 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the government will consider the order of the Election Commission of India (ECI) for the transfer of officers before the election. MLA election 2023.
In another request and explanation, u Bah Nongrum sent that the MFA if it finds any persons who violate by carrying tyngson, musari, jar, drugs or shooting The birds in the forests will be captured, punished and handed over to the law enforcement authorities by the MFA.
Shillong: The Thma U Rangli-Juki People's Liberation Army (TPLF) on Tuesday said that they have filed a PIL in the Supreme Court against the CAA 2019 on 13th July
Shillong, March 25: The family of (L) Bah Eric Bremly Lyngdoh on the 24th of this month, held a memorial service for the Volunteers of the NVDA who took part in the the Hill State protest.
The prize money that the federation has planned to spend for this edition is up to 2 lakh 30 thousand tyngka along with the distribution of trophies and certificates.
It is to be recalled that the JAC Sohiong has submitted a petition to the CEM to immediately remove the Lyngdoh of Sohiong, Bah Shemphang Thabah for almost three months now and the KHADC has promised to resolve the issue. within 2 months, but till now the KHADC has not resolved anything.
“I am grateful to the police and friends who helped,” said Kumar, adding that he would go to his village in Bihar to stay with his family first.
When asked how confident the VPP is to achieve these goals as it is contesting only 18 candidates, Bah Ardent said, “If you look at the current government, the party that wins only 8 MLAs can achieve any issue if it wants. We are confident that this government will come back because you look at the situation and it is clear that the coalition government will come back.
Their silence in this regard shows that they have been bought by the Kharkaia as MLAs. Therefore, we can call them, the Bhaliang Seng, because they do good only to the Kharkaia by making the protests during the time when the farmer has to sell his produce to the market.
One of the problems of the journalists and the media is to pay the expenses of producing the news and to pay the salaries of their employees including office workers and journalists. .
He also slammed those MLAs who have left the party by alleging that they have been reluctant to do this in the last two years while they were in government and their departure will not affect the party. party because it has many other suitable leaders.
“The District Administration of Ri Bhoi District has been directed to convene a meeting of the stakeholders to take a decision on this issue and we need a consensus before taking any decision. “I have decided to build a railway line in the state,” he said.
The daily life of people is difficult to imagine and as we learn the good but the bad continues to find its place in life.
Beloved, examine yourselves, is Yahshua in you? I’m not saying what church you belong to.
All this is due to the hours of concentration especially at night and sometimes until morning in their games.
My husband said, “That old Principal of ours is still a Khasi”.
Batkupar said that KHNAM has decided to convene another meeting to bring about understanding once again.
When the State Reservation Policy (SRP) allows the application of posts other than those of other ethnic groups, if there are not enough applicants from any of the reserved classes in any year, Within one year, the Roster System allows those who could not be filled without a limit to be promoted.
The Deputy Commissioner also said that the deployment of Assam police in the area is temporary for the sake of maintaining peace and order in the area.
In the second half, Ladthadlaboh scored the second goal through Nickyboy Swer but the Mulait goalkeeper failed to save.
Bah Khonglam said that the power outages have been increasing for hours and many of them happen every day.
There have been 1,68,912 new cases of covid-19 in India today and 904 deaths in the past 24 hours, the health ministry said.
Sanbor Shullai, MLA South Shillong and Minister of State was the chief guest. He was accompanied by Rangbah Shnong HB Wahlang. Bah Bah FB Khongsit and also the leaders of the area, parents of the children who participated and others.
However, it is unfortunate that instead of holding the celebrations at the famous tourist attractions of the State, the celebrations were held only at the four corners of the State Convention Center.
According to the Minister, after the test, new equipment will be installed to strengthen the bridge.
He said that the leaders of various political parties will soon start holding public meetings and election campaigns across the districts to raise awareness among the people and to seek their opinion on the issue. please join us.
The winners of the Sub-Junior Women's Musical Chair category were Phibansuk Kharlyngdoh, Ribanylla Kharraswai and Filaris Thongni, while the Junior Women's Musical Chair category were Risheltiful Lyngdoh Marshilong, Larisiewdor Syiemiong and Baialin. Khardewsaw.
The Congress has also criticized the NPP candidates from North Shillong, Bah Ransom Sutnga and Ampareen Lyngdoh from East Shillong, who have been accused of involvement in illegal activities in connection with the construction of the Legislative Assembly in Mawdiangdiang. the Department of Education.
However, it is a well-founded demand, well-founded and well-designed, enshrined in the Constitution of the country.
“In other states, teachers are appointed by the government and they have completed the necessary qualifications and skills.
Forty candidates of the armed forces have been deployed to patrol the elections in the state to ensure a fair and orderly election.
The stadium is also the largest pre-engineered composite football stadium in India with a capacity of 9500 people.
Shillong Lajong striker Parvaj Bhujia in the 64th minute had a chance to score the first goal of the match. Marbisu of Banpynsngain Nongsteng has sent a red card to Banpynsngain and gave a free kick to Lajong without scoring anything. Allan Nongbri's shot went straight into the net.
Samla Firstly Sari has been elected as a Maji today after the resignation of the former Maji Ñiam of Seiñ Raij Mukhla. Niam Thymme, and today we were able to complete the Maji Niam in front of the klong, the skaw, the Pyrnah, the pyrjin, the plate, the Nar and the three words.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah MB Tongper congratulated the Police Department in Ri-Bhoi for taking the initiative to conduct such programs for the benefit of the youth in this age as a gift. training and awareness among the youth not to touch this type of alcohol which is difficult to drink after drinking, especially to show the youth about the dangers and impact of drugs not only on the health but also on the society. society as a whole.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Executive Committee of KHADC led by CEM Bah Pynshngain N Syiem has sent an inquiry into the allegation of misuse of funds of the KHADC.
At the meeting, he said that Graham and others had threatened him and forced him to withdraw the complaint, which he had lodged on 22nd March against the government. Police collect money on NH
The government, has decided to pay T.
The Delhi High Court also explained that electricity is a right of the people under the Constitution of India, and therefore, load shedding is a violation of the Constitution of the country.
Sanbor said the state government can take up this issue with the central government to sign a MoU with the army to provide services to the people as well as the army.
If they come from poor families, they have to stay at home,” he said.
Jowai, July 27: Seven people have been killed and 10 others injured in an electrical fire in a house near an electrical pole. The incident occurred at midnight last night, when an electrical sign, which was near the house, caused a fire in the house. It was owned by Ma Sampoi Swer, who lives in Khliehriat West.
He joined the FKJGP in 1998 and retired in
:A driver of a truck passing through the NH 6, has been arrested by the Umïam Dorbar Shnong, after being found throwing garbage into the Umïam River. .
Ukraine has also urged its Western neighbors to give their full support to Ukraine so that it can fight against Russia by force. everything as if it had been prepared all along.
Sending affidavits is a hassle and expense for parents of children especially those who have many children and this should be abolished and done as it used to be done in the past.
Shillong: U Vicky Nelson Marbaniang from Pynursla Constituency, today, today slammed the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong and the MDA government. In his speech, he compared those in government to Pharaoh, who want to enslave everyone and accused Prestone of being a leader of demons and The MDA group is a small group.
Tear gas was fired by the Assam police and home guards at that time, but the people stood firm and the workers had to flee their homes.
According to the club's estimates, it will take up to three years to complete all the works as part of the £300 million project. ($370 million).
“Don't tell anyone about AITC because you are still in Meghalaya.
HYC leaders who received bail include Adviser Anthony Kharbuli, Vice President Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, General Secretary Robert June Kharjahrin, Organizing Secretary Nickson Dohling and Assistant Organizing Secretary Issac Basawiamoit. .
Shillong, November 30: The Meghalaya Tourism Development Forum (MTDF) has held a condolence meeting on the passing away of its first Chairman, Bah RG Lyngdoh on 22nd November
I am very sorry for that opinion because as Kha people we should not forget the issue of Hynmen.
Because as in other countries of the world, women have the right to education, training and work and stand on their own feet and not always to discriminate against women but they have the right to live and work like men.
Two goals were scored in the first half while Firstbornson Thongni scored two goals in the second half.
Earlier, in 2011, the same helicopter, carrying the Chief Minister, Dorjee Khandu and four others, crashed in a dense forest in the state.
On this occasion, the office through the assistance of banks has been able to issue sanction letters to the farmers of the district under Social Security Schemes worth more than Rs 8 crore.
"“To fight only in Khasi-Jaintia Hills doesn't lead to anything.
The KSU said that it has found out about the incident at the office of the Sub-Divisional School Education Officer, Mawkyrwat regarding the recruitment of teachers at Rngikseh Government LP School.
Bah Sadon K.Blah,KsiangState Government:1
Those from families who have received education are sufficient to send them to Shillong to study.
Shillong, Nailur 22: Ten political parties leading the Inner Line Permit (ILP) protest in the state have declared a five-night curfew from Monday to Thursday.
Synreit water to dry, collect in one place and cover with plastic so that the fertilizers and skum kba have not been dried and place it in a box (made of lyntang and dieng pynïar as described above) .
All three arrested are residents of Seshadripuram.
Everyone has suffered because those who are getting poorer are getting poorer and poorer including the youth who are unemployed,” he said.
Shillong, Lber 06: Rangkynsai CC today beat Raj Bhawan by 163 runs in the Shillong Cricket League Super Decision. 2024.
Nongstoiñ: Senior officials of the Assam government together with the police suddenly raided the Athiabari and Salpara areas on the morning of 21st November.
Dr. Lyngdoh, who is in the Legislative Assembly, said this while raising a question in the Legislative Assembly today.
However, this is getting worse and worse.
Regarding the assistance to the affected people, Ma Kyrmen Shylla said that the affected people should inform the DC offices in each district and the Disaster Management Department will send an examination to the officers. I don't want to help.
The A'chik, for their backwardness, that they have to blame only themselves and not the people of Hynniewtrep.
The incident has happened not only at Baniun Church, but also at other nearby places like Sadew and Khad-ar mer-Mylliem.
) has been a fierce language war in the past few days and is expected to intensify.
Besides the prizes to these teams, the organizers of the tournament also distributed individual prizes to those players who have done well in the tournament.
If you are bad, have a good heart and if you are in power you can do anything but don't eat our parents or our young men or our women.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
Now that everything has worked and this issue has been resolved, it is unfortunate that some leaders and political parties are trying to politicize such a serious issue," he said. Conrad.
In a statement, only 16 groups will be accepted and the entry fee will be T.3,000/- per group.
“In 2021, some constituencies will get 4 seats, others will get only one or two.
“We also demand that the government should provide benefits through the Chief Minister Social Assistance Scheme to the disabled on the basis of the disability certificate, not the income of the family,” he said. and Mr. Kharjana.
He is the Lamb of God who takes away the sin of the world.
Amazon Kisan, launched by ICAR in collaboration with Amazon, will also be one of the new online platforms for farmers.
The President of the HYC said that the area is small and has only 10 to 20,000 square feet, but it is surprising that there are more than 100 households living in this area.
“We will try to complete this work as soon as possible.
How to mislead the people so that the construction of this 2 lane road will succeed, the HYC wants to ask questions to the people so that they can understand and know the truth why the RTI was not received. The HYC differs from the NHIDCL's explanation and the HYC does not believe that the Public Information Officer of the Information Department and CW Momin, Chief Engineer (NH), PWD (Roads) will cheat on the RTI request. She believes that this is a fraud by NHIDCL to mislead the people.
The Regional Committees of Meghalaya have started visiting the districts to prepare for the talks with the Regional Committees of the Assam Government headed by Ministers.
The drivers of the trucks, don't know the reason why they were banned from traveling, although they had a fear that it was due to the Republic Day celebrations, so that they wouldn't hit the vehicles of the officials. to the area, if driven together with trucks.
“Although the State has computer examination centers like St. Anthony and NEHU, NEIGHRIMS has to award a contract to HLL Company to conduct the examination centres. “It's a good idea to have a medical examination at this hospital,” said Donald.
The election for the renewal of the Rangbah Shnong of Nongpoh was held on Saturday at the Dorbar Hall of Nongpoh Village Council.
All schools will reopen in Shillong from 14th June 2022, for Class 1 to Class
Tirot Singh was the king of the Nongkhlaw Hima.
“The Age of Phan Mih Shriew has come to an end.
Hyrnei If we look at the recent Budget, he said that T.700 crore will be needed.
But Jesus answered, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God" John 3:5
At the same time, he stressed on the need to work together with the community, as well as to ensure communication, training programs to the people and others.
The post of Typist (Ordinary Grade) has been advertised in 2016 for 36 posts but it is still pending even after the examination and Typing Test.
In his opening remarks, the Governor said that 208 Elementary, Secondary and Higher Secondary Schools have been sent for Phase-1 repairs.
These 55 shyn rong were found on Saturday and Sunday at the banks of the Langtang River.
She also suffers from diabetes, hypertension and high blood pressure.
On the other hand, Bah Ronie urged the government to hand over the operation of the JNNURM buses to the Meghalaya Transport Corporation (MTC) so that it can recover from the collapse. year.
What will the government do when the Amphan cyclone comes? The problem is that if the government provides only for those who come from abroad while the poor inside the state will be forgotten, then it will be ignored. 7) Quarantinees should obey the government to quarantine.
Speaking to media, Pyniaid said it cannot be justified that the resignation of the CEM is due to the violation of the Trading License. They are Khasi, they cannot do their business without a licence.
This is because the word of God to Daniel will be fulfilled – “Until the time of the end: many shall run to and fro, and knowledge shall be increased” (Daniel 12:4).
The approval of the village leaders of these three villages came after a meeting was held at the hall of the factory after the demolition of the public hearing between the police and the group. of the residents of Narpuh area, civil society groups including KSU, HANM, JSU, HYC and others.
Speeches were delivered by Conrad Sangma and James K. Sangma, in which they explained to the public the violence of the Congress government led by Dr. Mukul Sangma as the Prime Minister. It was in the field of khadar governance and especially in relation to the delivery of development schemes to Ampati which is the constituency of Dr. Mukul Sangma.
He said that it is on the hill at Ïew Shyllong that the Lyngdoh Nonglyngkien clan goes to start any kind of ritual which is the place that God has given and allowed the clan to sacrifice. “It is a high place where you can see the fertile rice fields of Umshihkeng, Mawrapsaw, Mawpon, Phod and Pynnoh Um Kynja,” he said.
The presence of CSCs in the villages has helped the people so that they don't have to go to the city or government offices to get assistance according to their needs.
“We have replied by email that we would like to speak to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya on this issue.
"There were a lot of people who lost their arms and legs," Dharani said.
Happy New Year ,I wish you all the best ......But I want to share a little bit about the meaning of why I brought this word "365 days"? Through these 365 days we get the word sisnem ......So I want to remind you a little bit, that this new year which we call the year 2023 is a very new year.
We will fight the BJP and we will fight their candidates”.
This is the reason why the ancestors gave the story of Thlen who ate only the blood of Khasi Pnar. This shows that as a nation, we don't allow our leaders to rise. , they just lifted up their hands and threw themselves down.
Another person's name has not been confirmed at the time of writing.
“After we have heard the campaign of both of them, the party will discuss whom to support,” said Dr Mawthoh.
He said that through this meeting, the Committee has decided to discuss only the Khanapara, Pilingkata, Umrtyrnga and Bakhalapara areas, but when it comes to border issues like Block-II, the Committee has decided to discuss only the issues of Block-II. It was decided that they will speak later, after a thorough discussion through the Committee.
In this regard, we have to thank the State Government, for not setting slung the people of the country, who are in Jaintia Hills, West Khasi Hills, Ribhoi and so on. Interestingly, during this three-day curfew, only Shillong was closed, while others were allowed to travel.
Police opened fire for five minutes before the militants fled the scene at 9.30 pm on Tuesday.
The meeting also decided to introduce Panchayat Dorbars in the Sixth Scheduled areas by holding elections to facilitate development works.
The mayor of Mariupol claims that 21,000 civilians have been killed in the fighting in the city.
The Muster Roll Union prays and wishes all those who have been infected with COVID 19, to have a healthy life.
Therefore, the party said that as the citizens who have voted, they feel that the promises made by the MLAs to the people during the elections should come true.
“The contractor has been appointed with the approval of the EC,” said Bah M Kharpran.
Mynthong had a chance to score 10 goals through Samewan Rymbai in the 85th minute but time was short for the team to score all 4 goals.
GK Iangrai, Commandant of SF-10, was arrested on 2nd November 2022 on charges of misuse of The state government has also seized property and savings accounts in the name of the National Emergency Response System (NERS) at Sardar Police Station Shillong. of this chief police officer.
At the time of the recent independence of Meghalaya, it can be said that the number of literate people in Meghalaya was still low compared to today.
Shillong, Lber 30: Thirteen civil society groups have put forward the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in a petition prepared to be submitted to the government.
Police are investigating the incident. The door and a chair were damaged.
Prestone said that the former Governor of the state has been seen by everyone as a person who criticizes whatever he wants without any responsibility and we have seen that during his tenure. As the Governor of Tripura, he has also criticized Kulmar and when he was appointed Governor of Meghalaya, he has been a critic of Kulmar and even when he has returned to his state, he continues to criticize Kulmar.
The Seng strongly suspects that these foreigners may be refugees from Assam who are afraid of the National Register of Citizens 2018 which has been implemented in Assam recently. villages and the people of the area to be vigilant and monitor the arrival of mynder in the villages.
Shillong, July 24: Students of Auxiliary Nurse Midwifery (ANM) who have been studying in the government sector since 2008 have lodged a complaint with Tura MP Conrad K Sangma regarding the lack of counting. The state government has been reluctant to appoint them for many years.
God has set the right time or Timing.
Nongstoin, July 16: A woman named Yoris Lyngkhoi, 42, from Siejlieh, has died after her car collided with another vehicle. in a truck in Tiehsaw Khyllem.
The union also urged the government through the Director of Health Services, to take action to provide the necessary facilities at the hospital for the safety of the people.
Roybon Rani, the mother, said that she received the information until late at night and congratulated the residents of Lawkhla Mawlong Village who rescued her daughter.
“We will oppose and we will not allow this government to bring such things,” said Bah Rani.
It can be said that the French have not conquered our country and therefore the management of the land or the forest remains the same.
According to the residents, on the night of 10th November, 2020 at 11:30 pm, heavy rainfall has caused many houses to be affected by the flooding. One of the mothers said that the pigs and cows were drowned in the water and the crops such as rice and rice bran were destroyed. There are also families who have to keep their pigs inside their houses due to the floods. .
“The government should send officers from the DC office Nongpoh to register the land of the people in the border area as part of strengthening the land acquisition in Meghalaya which borders with Assam,” he said. Come on Paul.
Khroo L.Pariat said that the AJMDM-Worker Union after talks with the education department of the state has submitted a proposal to increase the honorarium from 100 tyngka to 2 thousand tyngka from the state government and What remains now is the work of Finance, Planning and the Cabinet to meet.
Question : These new laws are not considered technology laws.
There are also certain steps that their advocacy or legal team, they know, so we're ready if it comes," he said.
“We must know the areas within our borders.
She said that the IPHLs have been established by the Central Government to improve the testing methods for various diseases and these IPHLs will monitor the health situation in the State especially for the diseases that have not spread like COVID-19 in the past years.
The union alleged that the government has passed the bill immediately.
When the struggle is intense and life is depressed, don't lose hope because in the name of Christ, nothing is impossible.
"She said, 'To sa wan shet sha...' he said. When Rida came, he knew that she was sad, so he asked, 'Why are you crying?' Rida“Tell me.
“If you want development, vote for the BJP and not for the parties ruled by one family,” he added.
The program was conducted by Ri-akor Youthborne, President of FKJGP Lyngkhom Unit and welcome speech was delivered by Samla Seidondor Reenbon, General Secretary of FKJGP Lyngkhom Unit.
Shillong: The 50th death anniversary of Myllung Soso Tham in Sohra has been commemorated at a public square in his hometown of Sait Sohpen.
If anyone is found without any reason, he will be punished according to the law.
Therefore, he said that if there is no rainfall in the coming months, the damsite will collapse and the power outages in the state will continue.
In the letter, Bah Sawkmie also sent a letter to the two Dorbar Shnongs showing that they do not accept the order of the MePDC department to replace the old meter with a new one. They said that the old meter has been tested, confirmed and installed by MeECL personnel and is still working, along with other reasons.
I appreciate your thoughts...!!.
He added that the BJP will continue to work hard in the coming days before the elections in Meghalaya and as a party, the party will continue to work hard for the victory of the party. He added that the party has nominated candidates in all 60 constituencies and has a strong hope of forming a government to bring about change in Meghalaya.
They also lodged a complaint against the Assam State Transport Corporation for the construction of the land of Ms Thangkhiew on the land she owns. tribal land and if Assam is allowed, then this land will become non-tribal land.
Earlier this year, when there was no Meghalaya, the Khasi-Jaintia Hills had sent its MLAs to the Assam Legislative Assembly since 1937 during the British rule.
In another development, DMK MLA J Anbazhagan has died today after undergoing treatment for Covid-1
Regarding the word Saiñpynïar (Secretary), it is found in the documents of the former British Government and the Khasi Syiems in which the word Secretary was called Saiñpynïar.
I have never done any dramas to deceive the people and I will never do that in the future either.
Shillong North MLA Adelbert Nongrum in the presence of Sein Raij Niamtre leaders, Patricia Mukhim, former DHS Dr. .Aman War and others.
“Mab Mei...” I came out of my mouth.
The incident in Urkaliar at midnight was due to the presence of illegal drug shops.
If we have been destroyers in the life of Christmas, we must become builders of society and ourselves.
The meeting was attended by BJP Meghalaya President Shibun Lyngdoh, Vice President David Kharsati, BJP East Khasi Hills District President Babul Suting, Jropsing Nongkhlaw Chief Organizer Shella Mandal. to be the candidate of the party in the 2018 elections from Shella constituency and other leaders of the party.
Those who have been selected in the first attempt will have to come back on the 4th between 6:00am and 12 noon.
The call to help the churches is to educate their faithful in various churches such as Presbyterian, Catholic, and other religious groups.
If you remember, the main objective of Purno Sangma when he formed the NPP was to get Garoland.
Without a doubt, this has affected the environment.
At the same time, the FKJGP congratulates those front line workers who have worked day and night to keep the state free from this COVID-19 pandemic.
It is indeed the age of social media because it has dominated everyone.
Jrop, who is contesting from the Congress party, has earned more than 2,000 votes while Leston has earned more than 5,000 votes.
In this regard, the union has brought this issue to the district administration of ARSS Infrastructure Projects Limited to take action on the damage caused to the area but to no avail.
The Ministry of Education of the Union Government has also conducted a 'ShikshakParv' from 8th November to 25th November, 2020 to discuss various topics and with the aim of getting input on the implementation of NEP .
At the same time, he said that the police will not be able to use ambulances.
These are Congress workers, including members from women, youth and others.
Pune City's Marcelinho was sent off in the 95th minute after a foul on Samuel Lalmuanpuia.
HANM Mawlai Circle President Bah Ainam Manik Syiem was the chief guest, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani President HANM Mawlai Circle was the Chief Guest, Bah Kyrshan Rapsang President HANM Mawlai Circle and other office bearers. of the union with the support of the people who came to encourage the players on this day.
Those who are interested in buying light bulbs or for more information on prices can call
I say this because some people in the city don't think about the situation of the villagers.
We have seen that the Prime Minister has left for Delhi to meet with the officials of the Union Government to congratulate them with the hope that the BJP government will provide better support to implement many projects.
On the other hand, the KSU JHDU led by Bah Ohibait Dkhar President, Samla Justice Paul Lyngdoh Education Secretary and other members met with the CEM of JHADC, and demanded the closure of the cement factories in JHADC. both districts and other companies due to the threat of the spread of Covid-1
Also, don't just promise what you have already said just to get politicians, because as it is now that the elections are near, if this promise is only for the elections, then HYC President Ri Muliang said that the HYC has not accepted the proposal.
Education, health and quality of life indicators have been improved in 110 lagging districts.
Some of them have thrown money to get tickets.
In November this year, the club appointed Bah Alisan as the reserves coach or the replacement coach and to guide the younger players. but after only two months, the club was able to promote him to the post of symbud coach of the club.
The code clearly states that it does not prohibit or prohibit non-government teachers from participating in public activities.
On the other hand, the Director General of Police (DGP), Dr. LR Bishnoi said that the police department has taken steps to correct the errors mentioned by the State Court regarding the allegation of smuggling. law to the coal.
The HNLC is pleased that he has returned to his country, especially that he will be with his family members in good health.
He said that this building is also an encouragement to the youth of the country and the nation to follow in the footsteps of these heroes, heroes to protect and preserve the customs and traditions of the small nations. paid state.
Those who have read carefully and don't understand his wishes, you will find these words near the end of the article: “But sadly, when it comes to the state government, instead of helping the Khasi religion, minority, but the Christians who are the majority in Meghalaya have been benefited.
The Scouts, Guides, Rovers and Unit Leaders of Meghalaya have celebrated the Thinking Day & Founder's Day. at a meeting held at the District Headquarters on the 22nd of this month.
The winners of the Miss Meghalaya 2020 title were Aakriti Shen and a cash prize of 1 lakh tyngka. Naphila Warbah won the prize of Rs 50,000 while Jayanti Gurung won the third prize of Rs 30,0
Doha, November 24 : Tickets for the FIFA World Cup 2022 to be played in Qatar from 20 November to 18 November will go on sale on 27 November 2022 from 2:30 pm (12.00 pm Doha), announced FIFA on Thursday.
Because as seen in recent days, Western countries have condemned Putin's use of nuclear weapons in Belarus, which borders the EU and NATO, where these countries have planned to impose sanctions against Russia and to terminate all business relations for Russia's violation of their rights.
He also recalled that the tyllai phasi of the British Government could not force the patriotic spirit of Woh Kiang Nangbah and the laws of the Government of India could not force the spirit of the man of Woh Kiang Nangbah. the son of the Bri of Hynniewtrep.
Speeches were also delivered by other party leaders including Martina, President of the PDF Women's Wing, Jied Kurbah, President of the NPP Women's Wing, Kong P Nongpluh. Wing et al.
The Prime Minister's remarks were in response to the riots at Mahadev Khola which happened on the 234th of this month.
A dewbilat truck overturned after hitting a house on the highway in Ladthadlboh, Jowai on the morning of 14th November.
However, many of them don't have time to run the market and since they started releasing fish in the pond, they don't feed them so that they grow quickly. , they bought the largest fish, which weighed about 10 or 20 kilograms, and released them into the pond.
Likewise, it is not permissible to prevent them from coming and going from different villages.
Nongstoiñ: A group of youths including elders and women from Nongstoiñ area, on Saturday, to gather at one place, to express their opposition to the Arun Kumar Kemphavi, IAS, who is also the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, has been dismissed.
This is the 9th Mait Shaphrang Academic Award 2020 which is given by the KSU every year.
Meanwhile, at North Eastern Police Academy, Umsawkhwan, the areas that have been placed under the Micro-Containment Zone are Type I (Lower Valley), Quarters Nos. 66, 67, 68, & 69 and Type II. Quarters No. 25, 26, 27 & 28, from the 6th to the 13th of this month.
The HITO leader demanded that the State Government should clarify the matter as according to the letter of the Directorate of Mineral Resources (DMR) it has clearly stated that the vehicle number plates should be handed over. trucks with GPS tag numbers if necessary to transport coal auctioned by Coal India Limited (CIL).
Buddhism is more widespread and less widespread in Ri Khasi, so it is not easy to explain in that regard.
How can we be false Christs when we still believe in God the Creator?
For this reason, others know us as a special nation because of the special nature of giving and taking ancestry from the mother.
It was at this EC that the Governor of the State gave his approval.
Others who attended the event included the Rangbah Shnong of Nongrah, Bah BG Lapang, Bah SR Nongshli, Bah PS Sohtun RS of Lumdiengngan and the teachers and principal of Modern Secondary School. Lumsohpieng, President Hill Farmer Union, Ribhoi, HNYF Ri Bhoi Leaders and other dignitaries.
Four minutes later, the team scored the second goal, which was scored by Chesterfield Makroh (60th minute).
Nongthymmai, which won the toss, allowed Sunrise to tied first.
Shillong, July 2: The Meghalaya Right to Information Movement (MRTIM) will hold a discussion on the Meghalaya Lokayukta Act 2014 on July 4 at Don Bosco Youth Center at 4 pm. day to agree.
He said many Catholic leaders have been dismissed and the church is looking into the matter.
The Prime Minister said that the speed of spread of the disease is dangerous and although according to reports from other states that the number of hospitalizations and deaths from the disease is higher. It is less than the Delta variant, but it is less predictable and there will be a time when Omicron will reach Meghalaya as well.
Mairaj has played well in the 30-team qualifier, where he has shot 74/75 to help his team to score. They scored 143 goals out of 150 and that helped them to win the gold medal in the first round after winning the shoot-off against the players from Mexico are 4-3 after reaching the break.
The FKJGP Rambrai Circle led by Jistarland Lyngkhoi together with the leaders and members of FKJGP Rambrai Circle, handed over these demands to Prestone.
The Meghalaya High Court has issued this order on the 2nd of this month after conducting several hearings on the case.
Other speakers on the occasion were Dr DRL Nonglait, KSU Ribokstar Diengdoh, Sordar Saitsohpen Bah Samuel Kharmalki, Rangkur of Kur Tham and several KSU youths including Mesadap Skhembill. Vicky Mawnai welcomed the guests and congratulated all those who took part.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Union of Village Headmen of Mawryngkneng, Pommura, Ksehpyndeng, Thangshalai, Kut and Puriang villages under the Khyrim Syiemship Hima has held a dorbar on the 11th of June. , 2015, which discussed the order of the High Court which has empowered the Rangbah Shnongs, the dorbar has decided to continue to issue syrnod or various certificates for the purpose of the welfare of the people of the village.
At 11.45 pm, the Lamphang resumed the dorbar and the opposition did not allow the dorbar to proceed and they stood up to demand that the ILP should be allowed to be discussed. .It was at this time that Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit who had not said anything before the Lamphang forcibly adjourned the dorbar stood up from his seat and said that he is ready to withdraw the resolution. However, at this time too, the Lamphang has repeated the same statement that he will not accept it at all.
“It is appropriate to close the shops and not to allow them to stay in the market, if it can be implemented,” said many of the market dwellers.
He said the government's liability was T.1174 crore but MeECL has been able to release T.595.64 crore and as a result, it has dropped to T.800 crore.
I don't understand how these children can concentrate on their studies when they are forced to work,” she said.
“I have been in the party since 2013-14 and I was under the leadership of the then president of the party, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, who taught me many things including the law. pure world," he said.
R.Ryntong General Secretary of the Union of Village Authorities Umdang Area said that many of those who have alleged that the Union of Village Authorities is against the development works in the area. He said that as the Union, we don't have any objection to the development projects, but if those development projects bring about harm, we will have to oppose because the Union wants the people to they will live and enjoy fresh air, clean waters as it used to be in the past.
Hundreds of teachers from Patiala, Sangrur, Mohali and Amritsar of Punjab have also attended the protest by bus since Saturday and Sunday.
The Principal said that the school was founded by the Missionaries in 1892 and has provided its services to the girls of Shillong. and it is the first school in the state and it is also a school that provides education to women from ancient times until today.
Tamang said the rally will be a memory forever as the Garo people have now supported the demand for Bodoland, Gorkhaland, Vidarbha, Tipraland, Kuki State, Bundelkhand, Purbanchal and others. of the State.
Sweden midfielder Kristoffer Olsson has been admitted to hospital after suffering a stroke at home.
“I don't want to comment on whether we are right or wrong because it is still under the jurisdiction of the court. We will wait for the decision of the court and after that we will be able to say whether we are right or wrong.” .
He said that Bernard is a strong fighter against corruption and urged him to continue to fight against corruption in the state.
“On the other hand, Franky Momin, General Secretary of the Meghalaya Professional Boxing Council (MPBC), expressed his satisfaction that the federation has been able to recall Shanbor to compete in the tournament. long in the city of Delhi.
When we celebrate the milestones, we should also look back on those years to remember and honor our great Hill State leaders who fought to bring us a full state.
The company has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District in June 2022, but the DC's office has not taken any action on this issue. The villagers have not hesitated to visit the company to warn the company to stop importing garbage at the company's garbage dump.
One scholar said that a farmer who stands on his own feet is greater than a gentleman on his knees.
The group also demanded that the leader should apologize within 24 hours through the media and urged the leader to justify his speech so that it does not affect the people. other people.
Speaking to reporters, BJP leaders in the state said that after the arrival of Amit Shah, the party supporters have been encouraged and no longer believe the criticism of others that the BJP has it is an anti-religious organization.
Therefore, I would like to remind and urge that if the office of the DM & HO and the government do not want to upgrade the PHC to CHC, they should explain so that the owner of the land can use it for farming. riang, to work, to cultivate or to use for other purposes.
The complaint of the residents is that from Motphran to IGP, taxis charge T.20, some charge T.30, from Motphran to Mawlai GS Road, T.20 and T. .30 tyngka, there are many more. These are just examples of how to charge a car.
On this issue, Vivek said, “With respect, I don't agree with that”.
“On the other hand, the union demands that the state government should also set up a Price Monitoring Agency (PMA) to monitor the price of food items and essential commodities from the wholesale and retail prices,” he said. more.
Earlier, he said that various religious groups have played a major role in Meghalaya.
Before the match, Malki were in sixth position with four points while Nangkiew Irat were in fourth position with five points.
The truck tried to hide by covering tarpaulin to load the coal in another truck which was sent separately, but many passers-by witnessed the truck carrying coal while it was loading.
Pune police want to prosecute a young man, in his capacity as an adult, for the assault on two youths, who died, in which Koshta died in Soon, while his friend, Awadhiya, died soon after.
The collector will take from one vehicle at the price of 200 tyngka those who have the necessary documents and those who do not have the necessary documents.
“If the people want me to lead, I am ready for this,” he said.
Mr. Philip Marwein, Through Email.
