The aim is to make the public aware of the dangers of drugs and how to fight against them to make the state drug free.
When asked about the most important issue that the newly formed party has raised, Donbok said that the most important issue is the Inner Line Permit, ILP. other issues include the Land Transfer Act, the Benamai Act, border disputes and other issues of importance to the community.
The way to make everyone happy.
Speaking to Rupang, Sharaid said he stood for a minute at the house with the man and said, “I stood there for a minute and prayed to God and said goodbye Bah Chester Shabong. .
In the second position, Dapboklang Giri Memorial Secondary School Porla came second with 66 points.
The group also promised that the NPP will provide all possible assistance in restoring peace and stability in Manipur and to provide material assistance to the refugees affected by the floods. incident in Manipur.
The delegation was led by Bah Banlam Lyngdoh, President of the party and Samla Wandajiedlang Nonglait, Secretary of the party.
The lockdown to combat the spread of Coronavirus across the country has affected everyone especially the poor and the needy.
“Out of the 16 MPs to the Lok Sabha, up to 6 are independent candidates and the first MP we sent is also an independent candidate,” he said. in this election as an independent candidate.
Therefore, Dr M Mawrie and Dr.E Kalwing appealed to the public and those who wish to come forward to cooperate because only cooperation will be able to eradicate this disease as targeted by the government. .
People, especially those in power or the nobles, do not believe in the rights of others.
He has educated about 20,000 people and many of his students are prominent figures in the state.
On the other hand, after receiving information that the university has called for a Selection Committee on various posts from teaching and others, the union has gone to meet and write a letter together. The demand is that the indigenous people should be allowed to apply for these vacancies at the university if they are qualified according to the requirements of these vacancies.
We will wait patiently for the 13th of this month, to see what will happen to the UDP. or to overthrow or overthrow the MDA 2.0 Government, especially to form and lead any new Government, which will replace the MDA 2.0 Government.
Bah Kit has been suffering from illness for a long time but he is one of those people who doesn't ignore the illness but who has a smile on his face.
The KSU said that Dima Hasao District was still under the rule of Syiem Sutnga during the reign of Syiem Jaintia.
Shillong: The Hill Farmers Union (HU) led by its President Commander Shangpliang together with the Sordar of Lyngkien Village on Tuesday inspected the Lyngkien area of ​​Tyrsad due to the damage to crops and agricultural products due to natural disasters.
Shillong: Preparations for the new Synod are in full swing. Seven Presbyteries will come together to form the new Synod.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Khasi Hills District, today announced that the amount of rice under the PMGKAY or NFSA scheme to be distributed to AAY and PHH households should not be 5 kilos per head. , for July 2021, was released through ration shops.
Goyal said strict laws will be imposed on vendors who violate the law.
The chief guest on the occasion was Bah Otril Pamshong, MDC Mawhati, who is also the EM of KHADC, Shillong, who is in charge of the Fishery and Marriage and Divorce Department.
He said the government should take action to ensure that Umiam should not be polluted by factories or companies located there and should order the companies to install safety equipment. there is a garbage can.
Another factor that has divided the Khasi is the excessive religious feeling.
“I apologize to India and with a pure heart, but we have not been able to explain to the farmers about the Farmers Act and here, I, however, that we have decided to abolish these three Addressing the country, the Farmers Act will be held in this session this month,” said Modi.
At the same time, they urged the District Administration to send police patrols inside Mawkyrwat Market during the night hours so that the movement of the people can be safe.
There have been 24 new cases of coronavirus in East Khasi Hills, 18 cases in East Khasi Hills, 2 cases in East Khasi Hills, 2 cases in East Khasi Hills, Dr A War said in a statement. Air Force, 6 BSF, 10 others.
“However, after the month of November or April, the political situation will be clear,” said a politician who is an MLA. BJP Meghalaya President Shibun Lyngdoh earlier said that there are many. Two MLAs who have expressed their closeness to the BJP but as the time has not yet come, they are waiting to show their work when the time comes.
Do you know if there is still a Phreit to tell us that Khla came to destroy the tree so that mankind can know it now?
In the men's category, Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat won the first prize and Shillong College won the second prize. Sngap Syiem won the second prize.
On the other hand, MPCC President Bah DD Lapang has said that the demand for leadership replacement is still a hot topic.
Not only that, Mukul Sangma can also replace the ministers in the government, and his aim is to keep the seat as some have started trying to replace him.
Suriti Kumari Ray also scored 22 runs for the loss of two wickets. She and Raut scored 45 runs for the loss of two wickets.
New Delhi: Former Jammu and Kashmir Governor Satya Pal Malik has admitted that he should have earned up to Rs 300 crore if he had signed two files, one belonging to the Ambani and another, belonging to a person close to the RSS and this was, at the time, when he was serving as the Governor of the state; However, it was with the support of Narendra Modi that he refused to sign the file and that he did not want to steal the Rs 300 crore.
It is very difficult for such a Hynniewtrep to leave and live even in Ri Lum Garo.
In this regard, Prestone Tynsong said the government will introduce this bill after the burial of Moris Marngar in Nongdisong, West Khasi Hills District on charges of that he is a demon and causes disease to the three-month-old child.
The incident occurred near the Yalana Hotel.
But it was Saturday at 12 noon.
The SSYWO has started to hold this football tournament in 2022 and with the aim of developing more talented children in other sports, this year it has been able to hold more football tournaments. track & field, which has been a great help to those children who do not have the opportunity to play at the District and State levels to showcase their talents.
On this occasion, the Dorbar Shnong honored the former and current office bearers of the Dorbar Shnong, Pynskhem Kshiar who represented Meghalaya in the Muay Thai (54 kg) tournament. ) in Mangaluru in November.
This will facilitate inter-state travel and help people traveling for various purposes will contribute to the economic development of the region.
This is where the state’s young children plunged into part-time (no longer part-time) dropout.
This season, Leverkusen have won 28 and drawn six of their 34 Bundesliga games, scoring 89 goals and conceding only
The purpose of this campaign will be “to disseminate information and understanding on HIV/AIDS. At the same time to provide information on how to prevent or treat the disease”.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: In the MDC election 2014, the residents of Mawkhar Constituency should have a good foundation before electing their leaders to the District Council.
Once knowledge has reached its end, it will begin to decline.
The ball came to him from a passing mistake of Ladthalboh and took advantage of this, he completed the ball chess and struck the ball from a distance of 30 feet.
This India will bring solutions to the world's biggest challenges in the 21st century," he added.
This happened when Jesus came near Jerusalem, after arriving at Bethany in April (Nisan according to the Jews) of 32 AD, where he spent the night in the house of Lazarus, whom Jesus had raised from the dead.
Shillong, Naitung 26 : Police in East Khasi Hills District have arrested seven motorcycle thieves and seized four stolen Pulsars from East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong: Members of the Meghalaya Trucker's Union (MTU) on Tuesday met with the Chief Secretary, Prestone Tynsong, to discuss the issue of truck drivers in the state over the purchase of trucks by cement companies. the income of the state.
The church leaders pointed out the CAG report that Bah SK Sun has misused crores in the name of fraudulent schemes from the PHE department. to ask whether they know the truth or not, where Bah SK Sun got the money to donate to the church.
Thus Satan will be cast out of heaven to the earth.
On the other hand, Rev Dr OL Snaitang gave a more detailed speech on Tirot Singh from his background, family and his dedication for the country and the nation.
Meanwhile, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has confirmed that one patient has died in West Garo Hills.
The greatest threat to any nation in this world is the forgetfulness or ignorance of the ancestors of their heroes, the great thinkers who fought to save their nation from violence. of foreign rule and at the same time from eternal slavery.
Why don't you tell the Dkhar children that they should give up their jait kpa within six months? You are afraid that the Dkhar children have more paid and more votes.
The members of the KSU Mynksan Unit are as follows:
Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh said, “We should not hesitate to discuss and bring clear ideas, strategies and information and we should not be afraid or run away from free discussion.
Ishita Kishore, 27, from Greater Noida, Uttar Pradesh, took the first place in the 2022 examination.
Furthermore, a team of police from East Jaintia Hills came to Shillong and took away the Pushki from her residence at Polo, Shillong with the assistance of the police. Pasteur Beat House and ANTF East Khasi Hills Police and took them to Khliehriat for arrest in connection with the drug trafficking case.
The special court set up by Mukul Sangma should not hear only a few people but should be for everyone, said Agnes Kharshiing and Evangelin Thabah.
“From Khliehriat, the work has started and NHAI has already handed over to the contractor to send the repairs and now the work has started and I hope that it will be completed soon,” he said.
I'll clean up the food and find out where these children are sleeping.
Former Mawlai MLA PT Sawkmie has also applied for the UDP ticket to contest the upcoming MP-Lok Sabha elections.
It is interesting that some of the students gave speeches on how to protect and maintain the environment and cleanliness. Babu Manlang who conducted this program also gave a speech earlier. He said that the increase in pollution in the villages is due to the lack of responsibility of us the residents. He appealed to all the residents as well as the school children to they should be responsible citizens to bring about a clean environment.
On 16th June, the High Court of Meghalaya has ordered the state government to immediately resolve the pending issue of evicting the Kharmetor from Mawlong Market. “The government should try as much as possible to expedite this work after the election as the government has already confirmed that it has already received the land to relocate them. The Division Bench headed by Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee said:
“What the party is concerned about is the fish coming from Andhra Pradesh...to be honest, the fish coming from Andhra Pradesh has been checked (we have a copy here),” he said. KJFWRA President Mitchel Wankhar told reporters on Tuesday.
“Therefore, for the sake of the welfare and peace and order of the people passing through this road, the AJYWO – East Jaintia Zone, gives its full support to the SWSEJHD, KSU, JSM for the provision of Deadline for the authorities in charge of this road to repair it as soon as possible.
The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government has been in power for five years since 2018 under the leadership of Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma. HSPDP, NCP, IND, and even the Congress.
Not sent by the residents,.
Pandey said the Permanent Account Number (PAN) will continue to be available, where people can use the PAN or Aadhar number, according to their convenience.
The matches on Tuesday will be between Lumbhahdakha vs Moodop Royal at 12.30 pm, Catholic Youth Mihmyntdu vs Riatsaliya Mihmyntdu at 2 pm and Mookyrdup vs Mupliang at 3.30 pm.
“Many of the young people are full of sadness.
On this occasion, awards were also distributed to the students who scored the highest marks in various subjects in the name of several residents who have made a significant contribution to the community in the village.
On the same day, the Seng also held a short program at the ground floor of NEHU to commemorate the 83rd death anniversary of this poet.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest also said that the dress code is now keeping pace with the times especially in the North East where there are many differences in lifestyle.
“At the same time, the NPP leader said that the MDA Government has tried while there is still time to resolve the border issue for the benefit of the people.
On July 29, three people were killed in the attack by Kuki robbers which led to unrest in the State.
Thombor Shiwat, MDC from Nartiang, who won as the NPP candidate, has been the CEM for the past three years.
In Khasi-Jaintia there are some insects which cause a lot of damage to the rice, and there are also some diseases which we find in Dkhar and the West which cause a lot of damage to the rice.
You have been asked if you have a block.
In the U-15 Boys Single, Salonbhami Suchaing defeated Lechan Suchaing of Lummoroo SS Shangpung 21-13, 10-21, 15-2
This has been the case since the first day after we got Meghalaya.
The second semifinal will be between Lama FT and Lakadong Umlatdoh FT at 2:00pm. ELSA invites all football fans especially the supporters of these villages to attend this semi final. excited.
Shillong: Police have recovered more than T.3 lakh cash from the richest businessman in the state, Bah Rishan Rapsang.
In the 2018 MLA elections, political parties in Meghalaya have criticized the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) for the ban on slaughter and consumption of meat in other states. by the Legislature of any State.
The two Sengbhalang leaders also alleged that the arrest of Paliar is illegal and said that they will lodge a new complaint with the Director General of Police. of Police (DGP) against the stinginess of the police who illegally arrested Paliar and detained her for six and a half months without summons.
When contacted by the newspaper, Wandashisha said, “On my part, Wandashisha, who lives in Mawkyrwat South West. , I'm just starting to sing this song.
When the body was found, the police, after completing all the necessary procedures, took the body to the morgue in Nongpoh, for post mortem, to find out the cause. of the death of this man.
Precious Tang scored the first goal for Khimusniang in the 17th minute and Wollrick Susngi for Nangbah Mulang in the 28th minute.
"And for this, the party will work hard and will not leave a single stone unturned," Modi said in his brief address after being appointed as the prime ministerial candidate. of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
On this occasion, Bah Dkhar explained that these are not NGOs but civil society organizations.
Together, they scored 108 runs before the loss of the fourth wicket, which made it easy for the state to win.
“The extent of the damage is still unknown and information is being collected,” said the principal. “The investigation into the incident is ongoing,” she said.
At the beginning of the celebration of the golden jubilee of Nonglang Sports Club, various sports were held including football, volleyball, shooting, running and corom.
The meeting also decided to request the performance reports of all the Block Congresses so that they can monitor and prepare for the elections in their respective constituencies.
The teachers under the banner of FASToM demanded that the deficit of 2,248 Adhoc schools should be upgraded. Deficit of Adhoc Schools in Communication with the Media.
“The question is, will the tree fall every time, when the loadsheding is every day?”.
Whoso sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed: for in the image of God MAN was created. every beast will I require it and every man's brother will I require the life of man.
“We have been secretly harassed by the Meghalaya government until these days,” said Bah Lamarai.
And Addll.
Jimmy Raul Kharmuti said that there is an urgent need on the part of the State Government to include Sohsaw and Sying in the Crop Insurance and Marketing Plan Policy to assist and develop the farmers of this area. and the State as a whole, as agriculture is the source of income for the State especially after the ban on mining and harvesting by NGT. On the other hand, Bah Mutshwa Thabah added. From time to time, the government has encouraged the farmers and especially the unemployed youth to turn around and take responsibility for agriculture, but as it is now, the price of commodities has fallen. rep has discouraged many young people who have started to take up this job.
Let us turn to understand what this disease is Covid-19 according to the explanation of health experts it is a type of headache but more serious.
Fortunately, at the time of the incident, there were few vehicles passing by and it was learned that a recovery van had crashed into the ground, but no one was injured or damaged. no spirit em.
Ma Thombor said that the Executive Committee has worked hard and drafted laws and regulations to regulate factories especially Coke factories or coal mining factories when issuing NOCs and how to get revenue besides the NOC from the production of coal. their country.
After that, the vehicle was seen turning around after a while.
“The areas under the jurisdiction of the District Committee of West Khasi Hills will include Hahim, Zizang, Tarabari and Langpih.
The funeral service for Bah HS Shylla started at 1.00 pm and continued from the meeting to the funeral service at 4.25 pm.
Shillong, July 15: Police have charged Vicky Syiemlieh from 4.50 pm for his involvement in the rape and murder of a 19-year-old girl in Shillong.
Shillong: Shillong Secondary School and Gorkha Patshala School became the winners of the U-14 and U-17 Inter School Cricket Tournament 2019 organized by the Shillong Cricket Association (BCA) today. in Polo, Shillong.
However, due to lack of proper thinking and action, it has continued to happen until today, and I have no doubt that if we don't implement and improve it, it will continue for a long time. pass through the days and times to come as well.
Marken B Kharkongor scored 22 runs from 21 balls while Nangshai Nongpluh took five wickets each for 18 runs in 3.5 overs and was named Player of the Match.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Border Disputed Redressal Forum (HBDRF) has strongly condemned the Assam government and the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) for their failure to build a sports ground at Umlaper village in Raid Nongtung. -11) which is still in the midst of a mutual ownership dispute between the Governments of Assam and Meghalaya.
In fact, there are many Khasi-Jaintia who are big traders and they say that in fact the government should have invited them to express their views on why the railway is needed. the area.
Kyrdem Presbyterian Secondary School was the winner in the Mass Drill in the Senior category and Bethany Secondary School in the Junior category.
The HNPF East Jaintia Hills District in its follow-up on the incident of murder, robbery and kidnapping, has found that the reason is due to the lack of police force to patrol the area. these areas.
Senglang beat Rngi Rum by 147 runs.
Napaleroiki Lytan scored in the 29th minute, Skhemiew in the 31st minute, Charlinda Nongtdu in the 66th minute, Ideibanri Kharpan in the 68th minute and Baiahun L Nongbri in the 70th minute.
He is currently led by Bah GS Massar and Bah HS Thangkhiew, Senior Authorities, along with Bah P Nongbri, Advocate, who informed that Bah Nongrum, wants to lead himself. They have also decided to withdraw from the case.
Is this the NDA Government's action or what are the reasons? Is the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution unfounded? This is an important issue that the citizens have to ask questions to the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance Government which has been working with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in Delhi so far.
In the innings, Meghalaya managed to score 220/5 runs behind Mizoram by 139 runs.
However, after thinking carefully, it is no longer appropriate to complain and this government should be allowed to work.
SHILLONGThe Cabinet of Ministers of Meghalaya today decided to use the NCERT textbooks from Class-I to Class-X at the same time those textbooks should also have a connection with the the larity, history, uniqueness of the peoples of the state without any change.
There has been a 233% increase in the allocation of 54 Central Government departments for the North East between 2014 and
In Khliehtyrshi, EJH, who won the toss and elected to bat first, scored 95 runs for 10 wickets in 28.2 overs.
The opening match of the tournament was between Chirup Dailang FC and Nida Ksoo FC. Chirup Dailang FC beat Nida Ksoo FC by 3 goals to 2 goals.
I.Kharmuti, President, Rot Association of Meghalaya (RAM) Mawlai Mawiong, Shillong – 793008The sins are not the same.
“Those who started misusing the religion are Catholics, yesterday on the 9th of this month at the time of consecration of priests at Mih Myntdu, the priests wore a dress from head to toe. They put the shap of Syiar Ryngkuh on their clothes.
“As the voice came out of this meeting on the opposition to the casino, those who opposed it were from the Longkmie, elders, religious leaders and even the leaders from Ri Bhoi who gave their support to oppose the casino. “We have also demanded the repeal of the Gaming Act by the Meghalaya government,” said Samla Kharkamni.
The UHM's protest is due to the increase in the number of cases of COVID-19 in the state and at the same time the state government has already announced that they should first appoint its staff. states who have returned to work because of this disease.
Nongpoh, June 26: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has elected the full leaders of the UDP Nongpoh Constituency and Nongpoh Circle for the term 2022 to 2025 at a meeting held on 14th June 2022 at Nongpoh.
He said that it was during his government that the law was introduced to have a Social Audit on all the implementation of projects and schemes in the state.
Shillong: One of the Chief Executive Members of all three District Councils in Meghalaya has written to all the Chief Executive Members of all three District Councils in Meghalaya to urge them to send all the Central Government offices in the state to recruit. About 44 per cent of the youth of the area have been filled with jobs except Group C and D. In a letter sent to the CEMs of KHADC, JHADC Arju Dkhar, a social activist, said that he has received an RTI reply from the Central Government regarding the allocation of jobs. residents of Central Government offices in the State of Meghalaya.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) in a statement, has condemned and denied the allegation by NPP Leader Pyniaid Sing Syiem that the VPP has come to disrupt the NPP public meeting. He said that all these are lies without any truth, and the party demands that witnesses should be produced to prove that those who went to shout “Ha U Prah” are members of the party. of the party or are directed.
The Government has approved the appointment of the Governor in the KHADC, after admitting that there is distrust and doubt about the status of the ARPA in the District Council.
Kambesa A Sangma, Seng Gamchi N Sangma and Tangsilchi G Momin took 10 wickets each.
Speaking on the expulsion, he said that after working hard to win the HSPDP candidate by campaigning around for him (Dio Jyndiang) he was expelled on the first day. “I was expelled from the public meeting, I was bombed and tied, I was alone, I think I was alone,” he said. If they say that I don't support the party candidate in the mid-term elections, I will open my dairies on how many days I will go to various meetings to campaign”.
Priyanka, in a video message, said that she tested positive for the virus yesterday and has been quarantined at home for the next few days. Its elections in Assam, Tamil Nadu and Kerala have been postponed.
“This temporary meeting with Bah Reading has encouraged me to continue to raise awareness on the value of the environment without any hesitation,” he said.
Scotland has reported 77 deaths and 336 infections, while Public Health Wales has reported 284 new cases and 33 deaths. Northern Ireland.
Vivek Kumar Secretary Rotary Club City Shillong and Project Chairman Hariyali in his speech praised Mahindra Finance for donating the trees and added that the trees are the most important because they provide the air to the people. clean to ring the soul.
Because the method of making Bokashi fertilizer also requires self-made chemicals such as Lacto Acid Bacteria (LAB) and Indigenous Micro Organisms (IMO), the trainees were also taught how to make their own fertilizer. these are the medicines.
Furthermore, with the development of tourism and the opportunities available in the economy, air travel options have increased significantly over the past 9 years.
He said that there has never been such a recruitment in Lum Khasi Hills to allow Khasi youth to run and urged the government to look into the in the Khasi language.
JlepU Phadar is still a human being like us we can't judge anyone in this world full of suffering please don't judge anyone as Christians like Khasi we should show the map markylliang ?It's not anyone else, father or mother, when you want to express your understanding, don't speak or write, don't read too much, like those who hate to go to school, forget those who remember only one of us. Therefore, I would like to unite my brothers and sisters, especially those of you who are intelligent, to build the country with your understanding and not to interfere.
It is there that he makes himself God by dwelling in the Rebuilt Temple (1 Thessalonians 2:4).
Hopingstone Lyngdoh and Rev DrPM Basaiawmoit are no longer with us here on earth.
He said that those who were taken by the police on Friday night due to the incident, have been explained and advised by the elders of both the ethnic groups and those who participated in the incident. They also acknowledged that it was wrong to do so and promised that it would never happen again.
In the Duet category, the 1st, 2nd and 3rd prizes were won by St. Mary's HSS and in the Group Singing category, St. Edmunds School won the 1st, 2nd and 3rd prizes. School won 1st, 2nd and 3rd prize respectively.
“Ka seng would like to express its regret over various allegations by the candidates who have applied for the post of 'Staff Nurse' according to the announcement on 06.03.2024 – No.HSM/NS/18/ 2023/7 “We have issued a letter to the Director of Health Services, Shillong, Meghalaya,” said the union leaders in a letter sent to the office of the Director of Health Services, Shillong, Meghalaya.
“The people also came to gather and suddenly fled for fear of another blast,” she said.
Regarding the festival, many of them said that it was much better than last year because this year the organization of the festival has not been very interesting and interesting to the public. It was revealed above that there were no others to entertain the people.
"Parents, teachers and students of the sixth semester were present.
Certificates of all those who have completed their studies in various departments were also distributed at the Convocation.
The KSU believes that the House should discuss this issue and that the railway line should be blocked until the ILP Act is passed in the state. the introduction of the railway to Ri Khasi.
These elephants have been in the Sumer forests for about three or four months and people say they came from across the Kupli River or Assam, said a statement from the Secretary of Daistong Village, Vestperson Sutnga.
Nine MDCs have resigned including HDR Lyngdoh (Sohiong), Ardent Basaiawmoit (Nongkrem), Metbah Lyngdoh (Mairang), KP Pangiang (Rambrai), Sanbor Shullai (Laban), Brolding Nongsiej (Mawthad). Stephanson Mukhim (Amlarem) of JHADC after the State Legislative Assembly passed the Prevention of Disqualification Act,
Besides, the office of the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of Ri-bhoi District has also set up a registration center inside the DC's office for the convenience of the people of the area.
He acknowledged the shortage of funds and promised to restructure the project.
Speaking to Kynjatshai, Bah Chyne said, “In fact, the Council cannot say whether the people who apply for syrnot are Khasi or not if they take the jait from their father. Our customs and traditions are that we take our jait from our mother and the District Council is the shlem to preserve the customs and traditions of the Khasi so we stand on this basis and we don't want to change this custom as it is. ".
So they both cleaned up those things.
In the end, orderly rule brings peace and order that is strong, righteous and holy.
“The whole of Meghalaya is still waiting for a reply from the central government on this issue,” he said.
The death toll has risen to 78,586, the Ministry of Health said today.
Who are these? They are Arab countries in the Middle East.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest congratulated and congratulated the organizers of the tournament for its smooth running and success.
On the other hand, Bah Rescommand Nongsiej, Vice Chairman of the Union of Thousand Sons of Nobosohphoh Hima, said that after the appointment of the present Syiem, it has been seen that the villages have been destroyed and there is no He said that why the Syiem doesn't want to hold a Dorbar even now for 3 years and this shows that he has a changed mind. .
The PM KISAN scheme provides assistance to farmers and the Government has the responsibility to ensure that these assistance reaches them.
“In fact, the police should have investigated when they learned that there were children in this group who turned to the Secretariat.
Thus, one example is, just as good food makes the soul happy, health makes a hundred times happier.
The term of office of the chairperson and members shall be three years.
In the midst of this strong momentum, Laitlum FC struggled to score the first goal of the match through Pyntngenlang in the 52nd minute.
The match between the two teams on Saturday was very interesting and thrilling as both sides fought hard to continue the victory.
Speaking to reporters, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawpat, Bah Khrawbuit Ryntathiang, who is also one of the leaders of the Union, said that after the KHADC declared on the 5th July, Lum Mawpat as Law Adong. The residents of the surrounding area were filled with joy especially as the forest is the source of drinking water for the area and also provides clean air to the area.
Police have arrested two dewion owners, Jrin Chullet and Krip Chullet, while another, James Shukhalin, is still missing.
Speaking to reporters, it was understood that Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Urban Affairs, Mawlai, has come to apologize to the people of Mawlai. Ampareen was led by Mawlai MLA Embhah Syiemlieh, Nongthymmai MLA Jemino Mawthoh and Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai.
Oh, my country, my nation.
The HLC today directed the PWD department to prepare a Detail Project Report and it will start preparing after receiving the preparation from the PWD. cost for doing this work.
He added that the lack of electricity has caused problems to the people and especially to the school children, who have to prepare themselves to take the mid-year examination, but due to the darkness in their homes, they cannot They will not use candles, candles and other lights that can help them to prepare books, he said.
Lambormi Phawa came first, Laraikut Sana came second and Dalenmi Sana came third in the XCO Junior category.
Explaining on the allegation by the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP), Meghalaya, the Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma, said that the selection of teachers is based on the decision of the interviewers and the Government has no role in this regard.
“The Hima has approved that the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram is the manager and supervisor of the Mawjymbuin Krem which is an ancient religious site and one of the tourist attractions in the Hima Mawsynram. Hima Mawsynram”, said a letter written by the Secretary of the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District to issue a public notice on this issue on July 17,
Especially the transportation of coal, shyiap and the construction of roads and others should be addressed.
Shillong: U Bah H Brolding Nongsiej has filled the vacant post of Minister after the resignation of Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, by taking oath today.
Ummulong, which tied first, scored 265 runs in 35 overs for the loss of seven wickets.
Nongpoh, Nailur 23 : U Bah George B Lyngdoh MLA Umroi and Chief Whip of the Opposition today visited Khanapara to encourage the civil society groups who have stood up against the construction of the casino in Bangkok. Ri-Bhoi, he said that the casino has already been opposed by the people, but the demand is that the government should repeal the illegal ban in the state which affects the youth and the people of the state as a whole. .
Meanwhile, the Congress MLAs have spoken to Bah Mawthoh to contest the election and have confirmed that they will support all 19 of their MLAs.
“I commend the village authorities who have had the vision to preserve this stone by working together as the leader to implement this project until it is as it is now.
In this letter, I would like to extend my special thanks to these leaders, Babu Horju Roy Khongwir, Capt.
Before I conclude, I have something to say to all the readers, especially to the young, “REMEMBER YOUR CREATOR IN THE DAYS OF YOUR YOUTH, BEFORE THE EVIL DAYS COME AND ARE NEAR SNEM WHEN YOU SAY YOU HAVE NO GOODNESS IN THEM" To ASK this.
In the men's 65 kg category, Ebenesar Khongsit of Genfit Gym won the second prize, Richard Wahlang of Body Zoo Gym Shillong won the second prize.
General Secretary – Nangteibor Shangpliang.
On the other hand, the residents of Umlaiteng, said that the areas where they plan to set up the marten are the areas where they cultivate and therefore how can they turn it into a garbage dump in those areas.
In fact, before the NRC, the NPR should have been done first so that it would be easier to do the NRC,” he said.
In Tripura, the people have recently cast their ballots on the 16th June, 2023, for the election of the Members of the Legislative Assembly as in Meghalaya.
He said that in another group of villages on the border between the two villages, Dymmu Khyndeliar and Mooknor, there are those who have married from the same kur who are still related to each other. and the man is the husband of the woman.
Sputnik beat Sporting CC by three wickets in the Shillong Cricket League Super Division 2022/23 on Saturday.
Ryntih had a chance to score in the 70th minute from the penalty spot.
Arunachal Pradesh Police on Tuesday said that suspected members of the ULFA-I armed group have released a kidnapped petrol station employee. from 26th June, 2023 from Namsai District.
All flights have been suspended in Bhubaneswar since last night, while in Kolkata, all flights and trains have been suspended as it is expected that the flight will also fly to West Bengal.
Mynsngat Sports Club became the winner after beating Nick Football Club 1-0 in the final of the 1st Open To All U Mar Phalangki Football Tournament organized by the FKJGP Nartiang Area Unit on Friday.
“In such cases, if the people living in these areas where the Act is not in force, they can move their residence and apply for Indian citizenship under the Act,
On the other hand, RL Blah, Secretary of the Union of Village Authorities, requested all the MDCs to attend the meeting to be held on the 18th July
However, the farmers in the area have struggled as much as they can to preserve the crop.
They said that in the past when the implementation of the scheme was going smoothly, the youth or women benefited a lot because instead of staying overnight they could go to work.
He said the implementation of the New Education Policy will take more time and requires hard work and cooperation from all sides.
In the past 24 hours, 5 new cases have been confirmed and 2 have recovered.
On the other hand, Bah EG Kharbani said that it is under the present government led by Mukul Sangma that coal, shyiap, Mawshun have been banned and the mining or transportation of these minerals has been banned. , has caused a lot of trouble to all the people in the state and this has caused the people to reject Mukul Sangma as the Chief Minister of the state.
Referring to the Umling-Patharkhmah Road, Conrad K. Sangma said the government understands the plight of the people in Ri Bhoi Sepngi, as they have been neglected for the past 40 years. Sosthenes Sohtun, who is also in the MDA government, has brought about many development works on this road. the whole area.
During the visit, the union also donated clean clothes and blankets for the 26 children in the Children's Home.
Ri Bhoi Police are conducting investigation into the incident and are searching for the robbers who set fire to the IB PWD in Umsiang.
They have now been able to open up land and other privileges for the tribals.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The Khasi Jaintia Deficit School Teachers Association (KJDSTA) will hold a competition for schools in different zones on the theme, “The needs of education do not meet the needs of education. read now".
Blomberg reported earlier this month that the US space agency also plans to launch its own satellites in the coming days to observe and to monitor the relations between China and Russia and the presence of Chinese or Russian vehicles or equipment, which could pose a threat or attack to the US. It is also difficult to introduce more adequate satellites and the aim is to complete and achieve this goal by
The nomination papers will be submitted to the Multipurpose Hall, Deputy Commissioner's Office, Mawkyrwat on 8th June, 2023 at 11 am for inspection and if there is any withdrawal from the candidate, candidate or successor. The candidate or agent of the candidate who has received written permission from the candidate shall notify or deliver to one of the above mentioned officers at this office before 3 pm on the 10th June, 2023 and for those who will contest the election, the counting of votes will be held on the 27th June, 2023 from 7 am to 4 pm.
This came after they won the match played on Tuesday at the Artificial Turf Stadium, East Jaintia Hills.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District today announced the release of free shana and rice under the PMGKAY Scheme for the month of September 2020 in East Jaintia Hills District. Head.
The day was enriched by the performances of various groups and the cake was cut and the number of students who passed the SSLC Exam 2022 from Kyntonmassar was celebrated.
Referring to the Clan Bill which has been pending without the approval of the Governor, Bah Pynïaid said the Clan Bill is one of the priorities for the EC to look into.
Until today, the teachers have not received any information from the government to call for talks with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
There was a 90-minute clash between the police and the farmers, when the farmers, including the Nihangs or Sikh soldiers, entered the Red Fort and the farmers. which is also the place where the Prime Minister used to hoist the Indian flag on the Independence Day.
“I have won MLA and MDC and I have served the people of Mawlai and the state, and in terms of the MP election, I want to extend my assistance to the state as a whole,” said Process.
After a few months, the plan to create a district in Sohra became more and more difficult.
He said that the appointment of Parliamentary Secretaries has no place in the Constitution where the Prime Minister can appoint Parliamentary Secretaries and it is illegal, he said.
On the other hand, Commandant Kumar has promised to do his utmost to restore peace and stability in these areas.
The price of these types of shi song is about T.
He said the government wants to do what is right for the people but it cannot violate the order of the court.
However, the exact cause of his death cannot be confirmed until a report is received from the police and medical officers.
Just as Jesus came to establish His Church through the Holy Family of Nazareth, let us also make our families the Churches with whom Jesus dwells.
Similar incidents have been happening in Punjab where there is a lot of attention on the claim that there is also a special group of spies deployed in the state.
She is also the leading weapon of the national team that made history by coming fourth at the Tokyo Olympics.
We invite all those who have the blood of the heroes of the Khasi Hills, to come out without fear, so that we can ensure that this beloved country will rise again once again, the Hima, the Dorbars of the country, the Syiems and the Lyngdohs of the country. Hyññiew trep hyññiew skum, once again they stand witness, that this country is not the 'them mator' of the poor, that we should have strong security measures and no one is greater than the right you Sot you Law you Ri.
The elders said that these incidents in these days have never happened before.
Acts 4:1
However, the Muktiar of Bah Pangniang said that there is Rule 57C which deals with the installation of polling stations.
At the same time, he said that Pakistan has reached the rank of those countries with less than 45% of GDP and which are also in grave danger due to the need to carry debt to improve their livelihoods. needs of the whole country.
“It is for this reason that despite the sharp increase in the number of cases in Delhi, the Prime Minister and the Principal Secretary have gone to discuss this issue and the demand for ILP in the month of “If you don't come, you will go back to Delhi,” he said.
On the other hand, the leaders of the Seiñ Kur Suchiang said that they have no information about the actions of this man who has no relationship with the Kur Suchiang, but they asked how he dared to do so. Football Tournament shall be held in the name of the Kur without the knowledge of the Kur.
Many of the passengers, especially those from other states, were left in the dark about the traffic on the Umroi Airport-Umrynjah road and on the VIP road. which leads to Mawlai, because many people don't know or recognize this road.
The State Government has earned lakhs of rupees (perhaps) from these violators of the curfew, driving without proper curfew passes and violating the rules of odd and even. number and these are small and medium-sized jobs; However, if they were fined and sngang and sngang, without having to go to court, then these 41 persons, too, have violated the rules, in which from 5 persons arrived in Guwahati to 41 persons. There is no need to appeal, but there is a need to punish, appropriately, these acts of violence against the law.
Whether they come from a poor or rich family doesn’t matter.
This is also the first time that the BCCI domestic tournament will be held in the state for the 2023-24 season.
At the same time, there has been a constant demand from other political parties in the state to implement the MRSSA and set up Entry and Exit Points.
In the attack on Damascus, Israel used jets to bomb and attack the city.
“All this is because there is an understanding between the village leaders and the people and if there is no unity between the leaders and the people, I don't think they can do such a great job,” said Ma Ngaitlang. Dr.
East Khasi Hills has 162 cases while Ribhoi has 32 cases.
“I have spoken on the phone to a friend of the doctor and he has spoken to the DMHO. It is after that that two employees of Dakopgre CHC will arrive at the quarantine facility,” he said. Laban.
However, she said that the allocation should be made according to the opportunities for employment of the youth.
“However, the person who threw me out of the Congress is no longer here.
When the CAG raised this, the Meghalaya government in October 2023 replied that the repeal of Clause 30.2 is to allow companies to set the price as they please without having to pay. that is, to allow the tenderers to set their own price without affecting the implementation of the work, and at the same time, to avoid calling for tender again.
Bernie will be 90 years old in April.
Therefore, as believers in the Lord, we should focus on serving the people and not for our own gain.
Shillong, Nailur 08: To promote the spirit of competition among schools, the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) has implemented a rule that from the 2018 session, it will no longer recognize anyone. schools that have not passed the Matriculation Examination or Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC).
“All those coal owners whose names are on the Inventory List are hereby invited to cooperate with the District authorities to come forward to showcase their coal/depots. There will be a Joint Inspection of Teams from the Office of the undersigned to visit all your Depots to verify your Coal as directed by the Government of Meghalaya.
Arguably, these are potential opportunities to build trust between groups involved in peace talks.
Ravinder Singh, who scored 556 points in the singles, won the bronze medal and another came in the doubles between Kamaljeet and Vikram Shinde.
Thirty-two teams have taken part in the three-day tournament which started on Friday and was inaugurated by North Shillong MLA Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
Assistant Environment Engineer MSPCB, Bah S Syiem, members of SEPSD led by Joint Secretary Diamond Dhar, Waheh Shnongs of Chief Minister Ma J Dkhar, Ma H Phawa Village Headman Jalyiah and others.
The Shillong Cricket Association ( Shillong Cricket Association ) has won the First Division Cricket League 2022-23 on Thursday.
Shillong: The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Ranikor Circle, Bah Mighter Marwein, has left the National People's Party (UDP) after allegedly being tricked into giving him ticket. NPP has won the mid-term MDC elections from Langrin.
Five years after the independence of the State and in the second election to the Legislative Assembly held on 25 June 1978, the citizens of the State did not elect only one political party. votes were divided between many political parties and independent candidates.
They also expressed their dissatisfaction with their allegations.
Speaking at a public meeting of the AITC at Asanang, West Garo Hills, Dr Mukul Sangma said the situation in the MDA government is very unpleasant.
Bah Nongrem said that this stingy counting of the police department to curb drugs in the area has caused many churches to suspect that the police department may be involved with drug traffickers.
The man is lame and has disabilities in both his legs but he walks around using only a cane.
The reporter tried to get the opinion of some of the MLAs, but they declined to comment at this time.
The NPP is well aware that it has not done anything in four and a half years for the people.
They are also associated with fractures and fractures in athletes and should be used after consultation with the relevant teams for bone health and physical health. they.
When he arrived at Lower Nongrim Hills, the reporter asked the passers-by where the place where Bah Kharsyntiew gave the medicine was not known. When the reporter asked about Bah Kharsyntiew who gives Khasi medicine, but they said they didn't know, so the reporter asked in the Dkhar language of Goviraj and as soon as he asked about the house of Goviraj – ki said oh! The Nepali is very happy.
The quarter final match between the two teams was very interesting because of the good strength and until the end of the match in the first half, the two teams did not lose. They were able to score even though they had only a few chances.
It is worth mentioning that in these days and today also banks do not have enough money to pay to the people who come to withdraw money and this has happened especially in Khapsor where some banks in Upper Shillong receive only money. They have tens of thousands of dollars and don't have enough money to pay to the people.
The purpose of this meeting was to revive and revive the spirit of struggle of the ancestors of the Jaitbynriew, from Tirotsing, Kiang Nongbah, Wickliffe Syiem, Phan Nonglait, and others. four men and women of the Khasi Hills.
The time of the Government will not be over.
"b.
We all agree with this accusation because we see and hear almost every day that there is some injustice, or unjust rule.
JOWAI: The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has recently said that the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) is the weakest in terms of protecting the land and ensuring its boundaries. However, the Khasi Khara people on the Assam-Meghalaya border have been discriminated against.
There was no evidence to show that the AAP was doing wrong.
Referring to the glorious victory of the BJP in Assam in the resolution issued in the past few days, Dr Mukul said, “You have seen how much the BJP has won in Assam. and how much do you get from the Congress party? “You see in the last five years there has been a civil war within the Congress party in Assam and many of the Congress leaders have left the party, many have turned away from the party,” he said.
Therefore, the Holy Eucharist should affect our whole life.
“A job that is only half an hour, you will have to strike for three months has failed the students.
“The government has insulted the people of the elaka and the district and also the minister in charge has disrespected the voice of the people of the elaka and disrespected the lives of the residents. , where even the NGT has admitted that the government has not taken action to protect the lives of the residents, although we have had many meetings many times, but we also see that the government is silent and ignorant. and it has not done as directed by the NGT,” said the statement.
Hesmiki Rymbai scored the second goal for Iawpynsing SC in the 90th minute.
The UDP, on the other hand, received 2.90 lakh votes while the Congress and VPP received more than 1 lakh votes.
“I don't want to win the election.
He said that the treatment is ongoing and there is no fear among them, as no one inside the hospital has been found to have COVID-1
It is also a shame for the Executive Committee of the Village.
Thus, the first coming came in the flesh. “The Word became flesh” (John 1:14).
It is learned that the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, has held a meeting at his residence but it is not known in what form the meeting was held. He said that MP Vincent H Pala had arrived from Delhi to give a message to the MLAs against Mukul Sangma.
The availability of training facilities in rural areas will help address these challenges.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that the construction of the Tura Medical College has progressed and the construction has been completed by 45% to 100%.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, Nityanand Rai today visited the BSF headquarters at Dawki on the Bangladesh border.
In the last three and four months, the party has collected donations from the public and many private individuals have donated to the party.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh congratulated the Association for celebrating its 50th Anniversary. that you will continue to serve in the field of sports.
Indeed, the production of Khasi and Jaintia films has increased steadily in the last few years.
Speaking at the recruitment of new members of the party, as part of strengthening the party in the upcoming elections, Kharkrang said that the BJP party of the 17-North Shillong Mandal, has conducted the recruitment of new members. The enrollment drive for those who have joined the party at three places in the past few months has been held at Police Bazar, Jail Road and in Riatsamthiah, where hundreds of people took part to become full members of the BJP party, for the development of the state and the constituency as a whole.
At present, the NPP has 29 MLAs, 26 MLAs of its own and has received the support of two BJP MLAs and an independent MLA.
If you can work together, 15 years ago we wouldn't have been like this,” said Bah Martle. the longtrai rights of the Khasi people.
“Since the 17th when I met with the Syiem, I have not received any information on this issue,” he said.
The fourth youth tournament was attended by youth from four parishes including Mawryngkneng, Laitkor, Jongksha and Mawkynrew under the leadership of Rev. Sylvester Synrem, Spiritual Director of Zone-V. and the President of the United Nations.
“However, there has been no discussion with the Government of India and their demand is still the same as before and the Government of India has not been able to accept their demand,” he added.
This great achievement of Raj Marngar was completed by the Tang Jait religion.
On the other hand, it can be said that many of these vehicles have not been able to generate income even in the midst of lack of income.
“Whatever has happened in the past where the political parties have taken the law into their own hands, will be in the past,” he said.
However, as time went by, many people and even teachers started talking about the celebration, especially during the celebrations organized by the government.
This was announced by Arjun Ram Meghwal, Minister of State for Culture.
Prestone was speaking on allegations that the BJP has decided to give its full support to the NPP candidates from Shillong and Tura parliamentary seats in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections. on the 19th of June.
“The appointment of hundreds of consultants in the Secretariat, they give advice to our ministers, they give advice to solve our problems but there is no such thing,” he said.
However, now teachers have to spend lakhs, thousands and hundreds of thousands of rupees to train them in their studies.
Rudolf E.Laloo (PHF) RC-Jowai, District Assistant Governor, Rtn.
So 7 Weeks + 62 Weeks = 69 Weeks.
At that table, the crowd said only: "Yes, Lord.
The blame should be on the former government which signed the soskular and deposited money with NTPC,” he said.
“Dadenggre is the second block committee to be formed in the district along with Williamnagar.
Because of this protest, the garbage collectors from all over the country will stop and soon the city of Shillong will be destroyed.
Amar A Sangma, the second leader of the party, is the brother of William A Sangma.
Even among the festivals that appear regularly in the newspapers.
“This will cause problems to the people because once you fall into another state, you have to follow any law implemented by that state,” he said.
During his tenure, which started in March 2020, Walsh has led the team to victory in home and away matches against Pakistan and qualified for the semifinals. In the 2022 ICC Women's 50-over Cricket World Cup, the team lost 1-0 to Australia.
The I-League 2018-19 will see 11 teams play for the title including Aizawl FC, Chennai City FC, Churchill Brothers SC, Gokulam Kerela FC, Indian Arrows, Minerva Punjab FC, Mohun Bagan, NEROCA, East Bengal, Real Kashmir and Shillong Lajong FC. The matches will be broadcast live on Star Sports Network.
According to media reports, the NHIDCL has handed over the quarrying work to members of a union, who quarry the stone from the area and smuggle it to Bangladesh.
Therefore, the Raid Kongthong invites all the friends and relatives from all over the country to come and witness and take part in the Raid. said Bah Stogent Lynrah, Secretary of the Raid Kongthong.
“I would like to thank the Ri-Bhoi Rafting Tourism Cooperative Society for its tireless efforts to provide training and promote this sport among the youth of the State,” he said.
Thousands of homes were destroyed.
There are also Khasi Christians who are quicker to welcome their fellow Dkhar Christians than their fellow Christians.
Surprisingly, although this vertical composting has been done here, it has not produced any smell.
All 12 MDCs were allowed to speak briefly at the meeting. In their speeches, they said that soon the Chief Leader of the party, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem (CEM of KHADC) will come to receive the MDC. you are a leader.
However, the BJP won after the vote.
Police also arrested Jame Shabong who admitted that he bought from Dajiedia the drugs.
The film will be screened from 6th March at Bijou Cinema at 11 am, 2 pm, 5 pm and 7 pm.
Many of the items were lost in the earthquake.
He said that as of now, the influx of tourists to the state has increased but the vehicles of the indigenous people do not earn any money and only Assam vehicles are filled.
In the past, I remember, at a large service, I had to leave early, because I didn't have a seat, about 15 minutes before the second bell rang, the church was packed. hap sit outside.
But in the meantime, the wicked people speak evil of the Lord's promise to come again to this earth.
“In this regard, we have already discussed with the EM in charge of Trade, Bah Paul Lyngdoh and the Deputy CEM, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem to strengthen the enforcement wing so that we can implement the especially in relation to illegal activities related to trade or labor licence,” he said.
Furthermore, we see that these people not only want fame and glory but also think only of themselves.
The Bible is not a book of magic, a book of questions and answers, nor is it a book of all the answers, nor is it a practical answer to every problem of life and the world.
Our headmaster invited each of the 50 students into his room.
Therefore, 99 per cent of these matters have gone smoothly, but there are some matters that have to be negotiated," he said.
In the first leg, Dkhiah West beat Khliehriat East 4-0
In West Garo Hills, there are 27 cases, 7 cases from Armed Forces, 5 cases from High Risk, 2 cases from Phulbari Cluster, 2 cases from outside and 1 case from Tikrikilla Cluster.
Where shall the young men go, and where shall they go? This is the first small step, without mentioning other areas that will affect the livelihood.
Babu Mawrie said that for the Khasi, poikha poiman is not a religion and it is not a covenant not to separate.
However, it is sad that when the District Councils were established for the indigenous peoples of Assam as mentioned above, this commission has forcibly dissolved Labang Nangphyllut and some parts of Nartiang, Nongjngi, Chiliang and Myntang. Block-11 Block-11 and forcibly transferred them to the United Khasi Hills, Karbi Anglong now instead of the United Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills as it has been since ancient times.
If Conrad continues to be with Modi, there is still a chance for reconciliation, but if he gets too far away, it is difficult for the BJP to win justice.
Speeches were delivered by various leaders of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar Jaintia Hills including from the Central Body and East Zone. K.B Dkhar and Hamjhan Dkhar, Pdianghun Dkhar and others on how to work hard to promote recognition, love, mutual assistance and how to promote unity of flesh and blood. of the Kur Dkhar to avoid any future conflicts with the Kur Dkhar and also on other issues for the benefit of the Kur Dkhar and even the Jaidbynriew itself.
From time to time, the government wants the HNLC to come and take advantage of the financial assistance. In this regard, I would like to clarify that why should we not withdraw or accept the financial assistance from the government? that the Government of India should pay and repair what it has done for 74 years to the Hynniewtrep people.
Although HK Singh beat Sainik School 3-0, in the second match they found it difficult to score.
Lucknow Super Giants manager Gautam Gambhir has been fined 100% of his salary for violating the rules. The Code of Conduct of the tournament during the team's match against Royal Challengers Bangalore in the current tournament.
Shillong, Naitung 1: The Meghalaya Commercial Truck Owners and Operators Association (MCTOOA) today lodged a complaint with the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya. illegal money to the chiefs and chiefs of Khasi Hills and Ri-Bhoi.
The Sub Divisional Officer spoke on the need to register the youth who have reached the age of 18 years to vote. to vote with the right.
About 28,500 cows have been injected against LSD and more than 2,100 cows have been infected with LSD.
On Monday, North Korea accused the United States of violating its airspace rules over the illegal entry of a US spy plane into North Korea and strongly condemned it. The US has sent nuclear missile submarines to its neighboring waters.
She will explain to them that they can move to Mawlynngot together with the Khasi farms and the Syiem Khyrim's house.
The District Magistrate has requested that all those who have entered the bank, to stay at home for about 10 days, to check their health and if they feel different. If you feel unwell, first of all, you should refrain from spreading to others, but if you feel unwell, you should inform the District Control Number 03638232028/1077 or the Helpline number
Arun Tamang tied for 55 runs from 36 balls, while Tanveer Sharma scored 36 runs from 35 balls. Rehan Kharbuli scored 27 runs for the loss of five wickets in 3.2 overs while Rupin Das bowled for four overs, tied for 25 runs and took three wickets.
From these three parts of the NFHS, the prevalence of polygamy has been reported.
Because many of the people of this area want to get that change on the 23rd because of the many problems that we have faced in this area, because in this constituency we have 35 The UDP has been ruled by the UDP. There have been no changes but only the backwardness in all aspects especially in various developments.
Thank you very much, Bah Lovingpaul Nongspung, Pynhunlang M.ngap, Aibor Warbah, Janetsing Songthiang, Petersing, Maitphang, B.Khriam and others.
The District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District has convened this public hearing for the construction of a new garbage dump at Mooshutsdai, Mookabeng.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Hiwbert Mawlong, Manager of Banalari Football Club, Shillong, the Sordar of Raid Mawshun, elders of the village and others.
Speech was also delivered by the candidate of the party, Bah Apsharailang Syiem who congratulated the President for conducting the meeting smoothly in which he put the report in order. Report) of the Special Committee, so that no one has rejected his name to be a candidate for the MDC election and he congratulated the office bearers of the party in the Units and The Longkmie and Samla Organizations who welcomed the proposal of the Special Committee and who also gave their approval by showing their solidarity.
In Bombay, this plant is planted regularly to feed the animals; when they do so, they can get about 60 tons of fodder per acre.
“We will work together to remove the Congress from power in Delhi,” he said.
At the same time, he congratulated the leaders of the two teams who reached the goal and the final round where they showed their skill and ability to pass the ball.
Before the start of the dorbar, the people stood up and sang the song Ri-Khasi ri-Khasi. The dorbar was conducted by the Acting Syiem Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem. Kharlukhi, Minister RF Kharbuki and others followed by CEM of KHADC Bah HS Shylla who was the chief guest.
As the beginning of the provincialisation of these deficit schools, the Government wants these deficit schools to inform the Government of the sponsoring bodies, the year of establishment, the number of teachers. , school staff, property or longtrai of the school to the government, so that the government can think more quickly on this issue.
Speech was also delivered by the Rangbah Shnong who expressed his gratitude to the MLA and said that this is not the first time, but many of the properties of Bah PT Sawkmie Shillong, June 27: There are now 3 active cases of Covid-19 in the state and Ri-Bhoi District has the highest number of cases.
No one was seriously injured in the collision, but only minor injuries were reported.
The most common symptoms of goitre are fever, stiff neck, difficulty breathing and swelling that can be seen at the bottom of the neck.
to a person who has won or been elected to any high position and who has the ability to hold and take responsibility according to the requirements of that position, we say that he is 'Thoh Shun Ki Blei'; To those couples who are at peace and fall apart in the family, we say 'that they have been written shun ia husband' and not a shyiengkrung like a thought from the other side of the sea.
However, the BJP and especially the UDP have suffered the most from the resignation of the Prime Minister. the NPP is in power.
The total number of recoveries is 87 and the death toll is
Conrad Sangma has changed his mind for 2 or 3 months in Diengpasoh (you have caught 5 shympriahti in the field) and he wants to improve Baljek.
(Other Khasi Jaka in the Region should be allowed, if they wish to join the Federation as Units).
The Dorbar Shnong Tympang Iawmusiang urges all those who live within the boundary of the village and from other villages or townships not to come or visit Iawmusiang unless they have any work.
The event was attended by the Meghalaya Deaf Association, the Khasi Disabilities Association, the Barefoot Trust and the National Center for the Promotion and Empowerment of Disabled People.
Shillong: The East Jaintia National Council (EJNC) has demanded that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, should review the Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) for the issuance of mining leases. in the State of Meghalaya.
They marry foreigners to support themselves and earn a living.
One of the leaders in an interview with this reporter said that in Rambrai and other places, the HSPDP has been bombed and thrown during the election campaign by the issues that it has raised in Nongkrem. Shylla has been preaching to the people.
In fact, it was discussed that she was the one who was invited, but they don’t listen.
Speaking to reporters, Samla F.Kharkamni, said that the reason why the party has met the DC, is after they have seen the threat to the state from the illegal entry of foreigners. mynder and especially at such a time and that is after the public release of the Final Draft of the NRC in Assam.
The disabled also took part in the 5K and there were also nearly 800 women who participated.
Richard went on the flight along with three Virgin crew members and two other pilots, including former British army chief Dave Mackay.
After this, Rangbah Dipshon L.Nongbri, President Seng Khasi Mawlai, took part in leading the prayer. Khasi Kmie, the parakur parakha, left the Seng house with the sound of the ksing on the road to Lympung Weiking, Jaïaw. The Committee of Tymmen U San, which was followed by a dance in all nine skits.
These children, who are only boys, come from the neighboring villages of Jowai as well as from the city of Jowai.
In Meghalaya, employees, especially those working with private companies or even government employees (such as contractual employees) do not receive their basic rights such as holidays and receive the lowest salary.
The Indoor Stadium was constructed under the Additional Scheme SCA (BADP) 2019-2020 of the Border Area Development Department of the Government of Meghalaya at a cost of T.60 lakh.
The case was filed before the NIA on 19th November in Delhi.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has requested the District Magistrate to declare MTEPL, CMCL and Star Cement Meghalaya Limited as containment zones to conduct contact tracing of those who have been in contact with those who have been infected with COVID-1 test/RTPCR for all high risk contacts and low risk contacts.
“We appeal to the students to suffer with us during this time of crisis and we would also like to announce that the mid-year examination will go smoothly as announced since these days. “It's been a long time,” said the Vice Principal of the school.
Keratin is a type of ingredient that plays an important role in the growth of hair and scalp.
Wanthmu Phawa was elected through the election in the village which was held on Saturday by winning the election of the Dorbar Shnong.
Earlier, North Shillong MLA Adelbert said it is time for the government to increase the age limit from 32 to 45 years for Scheduled Tribes and Scheduled Castes. and in other states like Assam and Mizoram.
:The newly elected president of the Meghalaya BJP, Rikman Momin, on Tuesday announced that the newly elected president of the Meghalaya BJP, Rikman Momin, is on his way to Delhi. and a letter approved by the Central Government Leaders on the working methods of the new Executive Committee (EC).
Replying to a question by Umsning MLA Dr Celestine Lyngdoh, Sangma said, “The IOA has many states in the list to host the National Games every two years and there are three states. states before us which have not yet accepted and held this tournament.
The Seng said that this shows the inability of the officers in the area to control the people, because the situation does not require the use of force. It is also the aim of turning Meghalaya into a police force.
He said that the discussion on the addition has been held for a long time but the two MLAs have been quick to discuss and bring together the supporters, which is the right decision.
Many of the leaders did not like the entry of Process T Sawkmie into the party because they said it was a sudden entry of a person into the house without tying the door.
The people named in the Panama Papers from Meghalaya are those who have been involved with government officials.
As the beginning of the struggle for their rights, the students have also decided to hold a Signature Campaign at their respective schools. They went to the Minister of Education and Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prof.RC Laloo.
The Syiem of Jaintiapur in ancient times was the Syiem of the Sutnga Hima which extended throughout Jaintia and Sylhet District of present-day Bangladesh.
The inspection was also conducted after they found that the contractor has not completed the work for many years and has left the work idle without completing the work as planned by the government. This project is for the benefit of the youth of Ri Bhoi.
Shillong: The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) has asked whether the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) has any spokespersons in the state and if so, why doesn't it speak? you must speak to a foreign speaker.
Synsar without number costs up to T.90 per kilo and Synsar without number costs up to 80 tyngka per kilo.
The Government of India has taken steps to reduce the pollution from the use of plastic.
Deut.6 : 13.
“The KHADC office has ordered that from now on they cannot issue any NOC to companies. “Government authorities, army and any non-private group without the approval of the District Council to control the land tenure of the people,” said the EM. “We have agreed that any private person who wishes to register his land with the council should first obtain the registration or title deeds or dulir from the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima. The Council will no longer accept applications from Rangbah Shnong or Sirdar Raid.
It is understood that thousands of people will attend the rally at Malki Square, where media reports said that more than 1,000 people from Mawlai alone will attend the rally.
According to Grace, these trees have been planted since 2006 and are expected to bear fruit soon.
The goals were scored by Yhoto Lohe (19 min), Thulunso (35 min), Hivika (55 min) and Pursunep (88 min).
“I have never seen such a government without responsibility, they just want to be in power without understanding,” he said.
Among the 27 pilgrims who had to return from Israel was Dr. WR Kharlukhi, MP Rajya Sabha from Meghalaya.
Macdalyne S Mawlong is also the NPP candidate who contested the MLA election from Nongpoh constituency, but did not reach the goal after the people still supported Bah Mayral. Born Syiem to be appointed as the Leader of Nongpoh Constituency.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 16: The villages of Umyiap Nongstoiñ, have been blessed in the past few years, after the MLA of the area, Bah Macmillan Byrsat, has worked hard to monitor and complete the roads connecting to those villages, which have suffered greatly in transportation, walking and especially in physical illness.
Following the appeal, the High Court heard the case by two judges, Chief Justice Sanjib Banarjee and Justice W Diengdoh. & Ors but in the hearing on Thursday due to the lack of audio of the government lawyer who appeared online or virtually, the HC postponed the hearing to another hearing. the deadline is 28 June
He passed the time by personally photographing the dancers.
The government should not sit idly by after issuing the order.
Leaders and members of FKJGP and JSM among others were present.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 3,779 and the death toll has risen to
He said that the SRT on 18th November, 2022 has sent a petition to the Governor of the State after finding that the issues and provisions of the Khasi Social Custom of Clan Administration Bill are illegal and inconsistent with the Constitution of India.
God sent Moses and Aaron to Pharaoh and Pharaoh said, "Show me miracles.
“I wish the residents of the village to be relieved after the government has allowed them to discuss the reservation policy which has become a story because of the The court has ordered to implement the reservation policy by creating a roster so that the public, leaders and all stakeholders can understand this issue”.
“The government authorities have failed to protect the innocent and maintain peace and justice in the state.
An elderly father wrote a letter to his son, who was in prison, and said, “Dear son, because I am old, I can no longer plant wheat in the field, because I have no strength to dig. the earth shall not be moist.
Whether they are market vendors, small business owners, or unemployed.
The scheme was introduced during the outbreak of Covid-19 as many people who came to work abroad have returned and have stayed at home because they have no jobs, they said.
Speaking at the meeting, u Bah Banteidor said that it is necessary for schools to provide physical education, to have adequate equipment so that they can teach or exercise after graduation. school.
Police said that Spailinda was suffering from a physical illness and the illness had spread at the time of the incident.
The District Legal Services Authority (DLSA) in collaboration with the MSLSA, Shillong and BDO, Mawryngkneng Block has conducted a training program on the laws and regulations for the “ Save Daughter Teach Daughter".
The toll gate fee and Fastag especially for state vehicles have been charged at the same price as other vehicles coming from abroad except for ML10 which has been charged at half price. all that car own state.
Shillong: The Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board, Bah Lambor Malngiang, on Tuesday said that in November, he will inspect the areas allocated under the Aqua Mission Scheme for the construction of fish farming ponds.
They have also received awards but the fact reveals that the water shortage is still severe due to poor implementation.
The SP said the situation in Dimapur is still tense and hundreds of police have been deployed to patrol the highways to curb the riots.
Police have arrested Mahipal, who is their security guard and has been guarding the judge for a year and a half.
“Even if they are small things, take them as benefits and blessings for the days to come,” said Bah Eldie.
Therefore, those who have visited the bank in the past few days, are urged to stay at home for 10 days, by listening to their health and if they feel any symptoms. If you have any questions, please contact the District Control Room No.03638232028/1077 and Health Helpline No.
He said that in Nartiang Constituency, the youth who have education do not get jobs even if their parents have to spend money to educate them and this is because there is no leader to guide them.
They also reminded that they have already given 10 days to explain, otherwise they will not be able to walk for thousands of hours.
This Mobile Medical Team consisting of doctors and nurses will visit each police station, outpost and beat.
Mack Lawrence M Sangma, Working President of the ACHIK Crime Council, said that in the past decade, the civil society organizations in Garo Hills have been raising this issue from time to time.
During the raid in the village, police have arrested two robbers who used to commit robbery and robbery in the area. They were identified as Lithsun M Sangma, 24, of Upper Rajapara Balat and Khandan K Sangma, 31, of Sonatola, Chirakata Balat.
Regarding the damaged road which is about two kilometers long, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that in the near future they will order to start the work.
Regarding the drug trafficking, the RBYF has requested the police department to take action against the drug users and traffickers, especially to patrol the areas. The union will also cooperate with the police department in the fight against drugs.
She said that sports is as important as education if they know how to use it properly.
In the Under-12 category, Mawdatbaki will play against Nongkwar at 1 pm.
Speaking to media, the Sur ki Nong Mawlai said that they will not stop but will continue to fight until victory is achieved for Bah Che. not yet retired to fight.
Saibon said the issues that KHNAM will go to the people are to implement the decision of the Supreme Court whereby Scheduled Tribe women who have married non-Khasis should no longer be allowed to marry non-Khasis. the benefits of the Khasi people.
The sister of the child rushed to the scene and informed the family of the child, and immediately informed the Assam Police who sent the Emergency and Rescue Team to help the child. heprit but due to the delay, the police could not do anything until the heprit died and the police were able to recover the body until 1 pm and to complete all the necessary arrangements. After the body was handed over to the family.
On the other hand, Bah Suiñ urged the villages to maintain their water wells so that they will not be affected by the climate change.
Prestone said he does not see the need to convene a Special Session on this issue.
They were arrested by Navi Mumbai police in the middle of the night on October 1 and October 2, he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: Two persons were arrested by the Mawlai Police Station this morning.
This recognition will be valid until November 30,
The body of Roshan Gongo of 1st IRBn was found from the roof of a building connecting Block-1 and Block-2 of the State Civil Secretariat. .
One mother said that although her children live to graze cattle between the heat of the sun in the summer and the heavy rain in the summer, they never get sick.
When the reporter arrived, he saw only the remains of the fire which had been completely destroyed where food, clothes, household items, beds, TVs and other items had been destroyed. and turn into ashes in the flames of fire.
Thus, in 2021, the laws were amended and the Lokyukta came into operation, he said.
In the Under-17 category, Mukhla Raij beat Panaliar 3-0
Nongrim Hills SC also played hard and in the 73rd minute Banshemphang Kurbah scored the third goal for the team to win 3-1.1) Nutrition: Fruits contain many vitamins and medicines that build the body.
Undoubtedly, the Police have their own suggestions for these problems which they face which make them worried and discouraged as soon as the school holidays come.
The reason is because of the upheaval in the political climate in the last four and a half years.
Nongpoh, July 05: Leaders and members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) in collaboration with the RBYF today rushed to the College of Agriculture, Kyrdemkulai in Ri-Bhoi District after receiving information about the visit of the Minister. Narendra Singh Tomar, Minister of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare, Union Government, has inaugurated the school at Kyrdem Kulai.
In 2014, it got only 44 MPs. It worked hard to win this time, but it got only 52 MPs.
In the second round, the competition was very lively in which students from different colleges expressed their views to strengthen the foundation.
Police are conducting investigation to find out the cause of the fire.
“They are not the villagers, they are the villagers who have given them money, they throw stones at us, they throw petrol bombs at us.
The shopkeepers also have the right to cheat or cheat the customers because they too, it is their right to earn a lot of money.
Once we have decided to strike, we will not stop until we get what we have demanded,” said the MUPSTA leader who is also the President of FASToM.U. The Officers of the Ministry of Education through Bah Kenneth Shadap have requested the Adhoc School Teachers who are on indefinite strike to cooperate with the State Government for the next two months. while the State Government is considering the matter.
Shillong: The Southern Border Youth Welfare Association (SBYWA) has covered several places along the RBBJ Road in Lakadong and Rymbai districts. The storm has been severe especially from Umsatai village to Pynurkba and other places in the area.
They demanded that the District Council should take action to prevent the children of the Hima Mylliem from being subjected to the laws of the Assam government.
Shillong, July 28: The UDP Youth Wing (UDP Youth Wing) on ​​Tuesday said that the infiltration check-gate at Byrnihat in the country has been closed. Bhoi District is only a market shop.
The department also urges the farmers to inform the helpline numbers to get treatment for their sick animals and the government will send mobile veterinary clinics to them. village to receive treatment and distribution of medicines.
The Nayak explained to the NPP supporters but they did not accept and continued to shout.
In this regard, the union demands from the district authorities and police of South West Khasi Hills District to take action and to monitor the movement of non-residents especially now after the final. List of NRC in Assam.
This is the statement of the President and Genl.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of the Hynniewtrep Nongshat Nongkheiñ, Rangbah Pranshon Jala said that on the part of the Hynniewtrep Nongshat Nongkheiñ Group, this is a religious ceremony. once a year, on the 3rd of June, as a custom or right of the gods, there should be a right to remember to do for the sake of the country and the nation.
There is also a saying, 'The boss is always right'
In the final match which was witnessed by thousands of spectators at Mawlum Stadium, Mawkhan United, Mawkhan United scored the first goal in the first half.
Therefore, the KSU demands that the Central Agricultural University, which is still under the jurisdiction of Manipur, has caused a lot of loss to the students and farmers. “It should be under the responsibility of the Meghalaya government,” he added.
The first verse includes the words 'Minot' and 'Nangroi' – as a warning; for without the ability to wait, 'ka rta kam soi', which means to preserve our own longevity.
JOWAI: Heavy rainfall has hit several villages in East and West Jaintia Hills District.
“They just invite you to dance, it doesn’t make sense to just go dance, it doesn’t feel useful.
Thus, HIV positive patients can receive early diagnosis and treatment.
At the same time, he said he did not receive the report of the investigation because the money was misused up to more than T.2 lakh.
However, this is just a superstition to make money and it is illegal to shoot, kill or trade the animal or its body parts.
Speaking on the occasion, the CEM agreed to accept the request and said that he will take care of this matter so that the Syiem of Myllem Hima and others will take care of this matter. The authorities should suspend their order.
“Wherever people go, they say that they will turn to this new political party, but the sad thing is that they have not been able to elect a candidate from all the constituencies,” he said.
Kharkongor said that the village authorities have sent many letters to the Air Force to take action to block the drainage, which flows into the village. thaw.
Mizoram vs West Bengal.
Speaking to reporters, HSPDP President KP Pangniang said, “The RDA was formed during the tenure of former UDP President Dr. Donkupar Roy and former President of the HSPDP, Bah Ardent Basawiawmoit, during the meeting in June, I said that the RDA should still move forward but there will be no more cooperation before the elections. we did in 2018.
Politics comes from the Greek and refers to society, the rule and administration of cities or city-states.
Jammu & Kashmir Police on Tuesday raided and destroyed a LeT camp and seized several ammunition and explosives in Rakh Momin area of ​​Anantnag district. in South Kashmir.
They reached the semi-finals after beating Aizawl FC 1-0, Ozone Football Academy 2-0 and FC Goa 2-1 in Group D. to score 5 goals.
When asked about his findings, Justice T Vaiphei declined to comment on the matter, saying it was an unreported matter.
Therefore, we must not violate rights and strengthen freedom not only in khadar rule, but also in way of life, culture and belief.
A picture was also shown, where there are large shilum puhs near the Galwan River.
We were directed to speak in our own sections.
AJYWO President MH Dkhar said that the MUA-I government has passed the Meghalaya Mines and Mineral Policy 2012 last year without consultation through a public consultation meet. The Tenancy Bill is a turning point for the people of the state because the indigenous people especially the coal miners and coal workers will have to go through 14 strict labor rules of the state. If they want to mine coal, mining or other mineral resources, they must comply with other provisions of the Act.
Through this petition, the CAS has urged the President of India to restore peace and order in Manipur.
Anyone who violates the Dorbar Shnong will be brought to justice, said a statement sent by Waheh Shnong KL Dkhar and General Secretary MS Ryngkhlem.
According to him, this cleanliness drive is usually held on the 2nd of April every year as part of the commemoration of the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Balajied Ranee MDC Nongpoh, encouraged the athletes of the district who will take part in the Meghalaya Games in Tura to play well from the heart and use their rights. sports skills to bring name and glory to the District.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Police, on the orders of the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills, today raided the office of the Directorate of School Education and Literacy (DC) at Laitumkhrah. There shall be no more trouble in the days to come.
Otherwise, no one wants life to be like this.
In a letter sent to the Chief Minister, the Sohra Challenge has put forward three demands before the government.
The team, which had set a goal to win the title, from the start of the match, struggled to score and it was in the 34th minute of the first half that Jhingan scored. Brandon Fernandes scored the first goal of the match.
When asked about the decision taken on this issue, the Minister said that the Ministry has sought a report not only for these 7 schools but for many schools in the State.
“I don't know whether these hill gates are recognized or illegal, whether they are a benefit or a loss but according to the farmers, these gates are a loss to the farmers and we should remove them. these" she said.
She said that despite the great disaster that the people have suffered in the area, no one has come to help from the rescue teams. They arrived about 12 hours after the earthquake struck and all the houses and buildings were destroyed and at the same time all those who were still alive were also dead. due to the slowness of the rescue teams to reach the scene.
On the other hand, the people who were present at the time, tried to rush him to the hospital, but the doctors said that he died before reaching the hospital.
Leaders and members of the HYC, Shilliangmyntang Area Unit in the presence of engineers PWD (Rds) Shangpung Division and contractor Victor Suja on Tuesday inspected the road. street.
Speaking on the occasion, AITC MP Derek O'Brien said that the issues raised by the AITC MPs in the Rajya Sabha include the inclusion of the Khasi Garo language in the Rajya Sabha. Article 8 of the Constitution, on the violence against Christians, the increase in corruption in Meghalaya, on the smuggling of coal and on the lack of economic development in Meghalaya and the North East .
RJD senior leader Tejashwi Yadav confirmed Kumar as the party's leader and swore him in as the chief minister's secretary for the second time.
Through the ODOP, the price of rice has been increased from 150/- tyngka to 170/- per kilo by
He said that during the meeting, these officers informed that the department has also sent this proposal since 5th November and the file has been sent to the Finance and Planning Department. I don't have what I need.
Streamlining the process of sending messages through empowered representatives will also help speed up the dialogue," he added.
Babu C Khongngain said that it is time for the MBOSE to make Logical Reasoning, General Aptitude and General Knowledge compulsory from the primary classes which are part of any Entrance Test including CUET. .This program was opened by Smt.
Shillong: About 200 SSA teachers have taken part in the strike held today at the Parking Lot of Addll.
Shillong, November 04 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Lakadong shynrai produced in the state has received its own Geographical Indication (GI tag). .
“This is against the law and the rights of the people,” said Kharmalki. “The Union is not against the work of the law enforcement agencies but they should not attack beyond the border. without respect for the dignity of man.
In the past few months, the garbage dump from Ïawmusiang Road in Jowai has shocked all the Dorbar Shnongs who have started to work hard to find ways and means to remove the garbage. this is a problem that the people will face in the future.
“The number one is the best for the BJP,” said Himanta, hoping that the 2018 government will lead the BJP in Meghalaya.
These vendors who attended the meeting were members of Goldy Warjri's group who were selling near the Stand Jeep.
Speaking on the occasion, KSU President Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar said that this is the demand of the KSU for 40 years, but the sad thing is that the state government has not responded to this demand. shem has been achieved.
The worst and most unprofitable is the use of school teachers to go on duty for elections and to collect censuses during school hours.
The Oscar Award-winning film “Period.
But Job was able to endure God's trials.
On the road to Ri-Bhoi, there was a heavy patrol and the police searched the vehicles.
The campaign should be along the road, where even others can join in walking along the road.
One of the examples that Bhagwant Mann has shown to other State Governments of India is the removal of Vijah Singla from the post of Minister after he was immediately found guilty of demanding compensation. 1 percent of the work submitted to the tender.
The President of KAS Shillong, Dr. DRL Nonglait, said that when we think about the arrival of Thomas Jones to Khasi Hills by human intelligence, we can say that he came only as a missionary of the Christian Church. some assistance from the British Government to establish schools and also to introduce the English mindset to the Khasi.
The body of the Archbishop will be laid to rest at the Guwahati Provincial House, then to Byrnihat Parish, Nongpoh Parish, Umsning Parish and then to Mawlai Parish.
Shillong: Within two months, the state government has issued an order to reduce the number of political parties. sit, in the synagogues.
Dr. Pankaj Sarkar stressed the need to support and encourage the younger teachers to achieve their dreams as teachers and to achieve their goals.
Only people who understand the relationship between people and nature can respect nature and care for the environment.
The SP said that Namphyrnai has links with members of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC).
The death of the generals, including Major General Vitaly Gerasimov, one of the generals close to Putin, is believed to have discouraged the Russian army.
A woman who sells phan in Motphran, who lives in Laban, has expressed her surprise at the government's decision that Shillong is not safe after 10 pm, because she has to walk from Motphran to Laban. and there shall be nothing in the way to turn away, nor to touch.
Of course, it will always be a cooperation from all sides, but the Government as the Mother should implement strict measures to prevent the free entry of these evils into our state,” he added.
“The fishermen who come to fish in the Umngot River within the boundary of Darrang Village should not stay overnight without the permission of the village,” said the Waheh Shnong. Keep clean and do not throw garbage if it is plastic, cow dung and others that pollute the river.
Police have registered a case in connection with the incident and request all those who have information to come forward and identify the body by calling O/C Sadar PS 0364-2224818/2 at I/C Police Control Room, Shillong: 03642222214/2
He said that during the meeting, the Assistant Engineer promised to take action and talk to the company officials to help in laying stone in these areas to avoid traffic.
Besides discussing and informing the Prime Minister on the need for Schedule Tribe, the MLA of the constituency together with these elders and Sengbhalang, also sent a petition to Connrad K Sangma, at They have expressed all their rights and especially that they should get a Schedule Tribe Certificate, as have other ethnic groups living in the state.
That night Rida asked her father to come and take her to Synod College to fill out the application form.
The Seng also asks the question; Isn't the High Court's action like discouraging and affecting the future of children who are entitled and qualified to get jobs and also what will it do if this happens with his/her age? Children who are looking for jobs have lapsed, so where is their future? The Seng also requests the court to consider carefully and to take advice from experts who are not already involved.
He shot dead Rynjang on 21st November at about 3 pm.
PS Dkhar said that these robbers are from the groups of one of the three candidates. He will conduct an investigation to find out who is involved and punish them according to the law. He also announced that the polling station will be closed on the 26th of this month.
Speaking on the occasion, Nongkrem MDC Lambor Malngiang said that he has been elected to the post of MDC/MLA. Pynshngain's courage to fight against the ban on ar maloi of the state government, which has not worked at all.
When asked why this happens, whether they have been able to see a doctor or not, the answer is that it happens all the time, especially on small and large market days. Doctor.
The Congress leader was welcomed by BJP President Ranjeet Kumar Dass, Assam Finance Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma and others.
Speaking to media, Bah Metbah said that so far there has been no other thought regarding the cooperation with the state government.
In another match, Umphrup beat Lamlynti 2-1
The Rangbah Shnongs of the Khasi villages in a meeting with this reporter said that there are many Christian churches across the Khasi villages in Bangladesh, there are Presbyterian churches, there are Catholic churches. , churches of God and other churches, but most of them belong to the Presbyterian church.
He said the party has received information that the Indian government has directed the state government to have its own implementation in the states and allocate funds through Nirbhaya for the implementation.
Bah Embhah praised Bah Teiborlang by saying that he is a strong-minded, responsible young man who is willing to develop the Mawlai constituency as a whole.
On the question whether the Rangbah Shnong is greater than the police? Ans- Yes, the Rangbah Shnong is greater than the police.
They beat Nangbah Mulang 1-0 in the semi final at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai on Tuesday.
He said that the Rynjah Police Traffic Department has informed the drivers to hold a meeting at Mawdiangdiang Police Outpost at 2 pm for both types of SPTS vehicles. the meeting was adjourned before their arrival and before the appointed time.
It helps to cleanse the stomach, such as the kidneys and other tissues in the body that are the passageways for food and drink.
The purpose of the MACS is to raise awareness among the public about the dangers of HIV and AIDS. MACS invites all the music groups of the state to take part in this event. which will also announce the winner by awarding prizes of up to T.10,000 for the first place, T.30,000 for the second place and T.20,000 for the third place.
Sohtun, Damanbait Lamare, Wailadmiki Shylla, Santa Mary Shylla, Methodius Dkhar and Rakkam A. Sangma.
He said that after receiving the approval from the government, it will set rules to protect the workers and there will be special attention to the villagers.
Furthermore, Bah Bless demanded that the government should not use the same tree as it uses for the Khasi people.
The Rangbah Shnong of Umroi Umdohbyrthih, Bah PB Sylliang, said that they have received information from the people involved in the illegal smuggling of kyiad and they will summon them to appear before the Dorbar Shnong for investigation. and the final decision whether to sell or hand over the liquor to the law enforcement authorities shall be taken by the Dorbar Shnong which prohibits the sale or smuggling of liquor within the village. PB Sylliang, Rangbah Shnong of Umroi, Umdohbyrthih.
Nongpoh: The people of different polling stations of four constituencies of Ri Bhoi District have cast their precious votes for the election of the candidate for the Lok Sabha. The polling station in this MP election was smooth and orderly without any disruption although there were 31 polling stations and 4 polling stations. The Election Commission of Ri-Bhoi District.
The union, therefore, said that by allowing private individuals to drive vehicles, there has been a huge loss of income of the transport department, due to the lack of training among the transport employees. the bah and these managers of the toll booths.
On the other hand, the political parties have written placards reading, 'Fight against corruption, fight against Congress, fight against BJP', 'Congress and BJP are involved', among others. writing.
However, in 1600 or 1625 AD they were attacked by the Kachari kings and fled to the hills of the Jaintia Hima and settled under the rule of the Jaintia Hima.
At the same time, the President of SWKHDSA, Bah Stalyne H.Diengdoh, congratulated the participants who led the district who reached the goal as one of the girls. reached the finish line in the cycle competition and won the Gold Medal.
Congratulations to Mawryngkneng Village for being willing to donate up to 10 acres of land to set up a market for agricultural products.
It is worth mentioning that the Umïam Dam was built in 1965 when we were part of Assam which means that the dam has reached 58 years old. The Chairman of the Meghalaya Assembly Committee on Environment, Bah Himalaya Shangpliang, said that the government has invited experts to investigate the condition of the plant. The board has shortened the age of the dam to 59 years from 100 years which means that the age of the dam will end in
“I pay tribute to the former MLA of Umroi Constituency and VPP President Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit who raised the issue in the Legislative Assembly on the instability of the Umïam Bridge which should have been repaired for a long time. " he said.
Scientists at the Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, have released 200 snow-white lizards and installed cameras to show where they go to bleed and found that they go quickly. to a place where there are people who have blood in their bodies.
Rumi Lyngdoh scored 43', 78' and Bewithus Sympli 74's goals respectively.
In this regard, the HNLC urges the government to suspend the police who led the group to shoot dead former HNLC GS Cheristerfield Thangkhiew and even the DGP. The investigation should be suspended while the investigation is ongoing so that there will be no obstacles here and there and if the government cannot suspend those policemen involved in the investigation, To lead in this step, it would be meaningless to see a proper investigation, because the party does not want the investigation to be slow and blocked, but the party wants it to be It is clean and pure and free without being judged by anyone.
What has happened to the highly praised dignity in India and also in Meghalaya?
Rangdajied United have started their 2023 season with a victory on the opening day of the Meghalaya State League.
Application received after the last date will be not be entertainedFor more details, Please checkof visit.
This shows that those who have been vaccinated can fight better against the disease.
As a young man who is concerned about this and who hates this MRAD KYNSHA BAD KA KRUIÑ which means to destroy the youth of the land of Hynniewtrep I am very sorry and I will pray that God will give us all the spirit of fighting. Young People TO SAY NO TO DRUGS AND ALCOHOL AND TO SAY YES TO HEALTH AND EDUCATION. I feel sorry for myself and those who are crying to see the HELPING HANDS from the SHNONG KA THAW where they live and I know they love their village and the country as a whole.
He also urged the farmers to set up co-operative societies in their villages so that they can get more assistance from various government departments.
Shillong: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh, MDC of Jaiaw, has refused to contest the Rajya Sabha elections as proposed by the Citizen Forum.
You must select the following parameters.
MEPA has urged those involved to refrain from such activities in the future, saying that such illegal activities are wild activities which are not in line with the modern era.
To treat the child, peritoneal dialysis was suggested after discussion with the family.
The Speaker of the House, AT Mondal, today said that Bah Julius K Dorphang has been removed from the post of Chairman of the Committee on Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes. robber.
“The Chief Secretary, the Director General of Police and all the Police shall ensure the strict implementation of the law and should not allow any political interference in this matter,” said the Full Bench. ruling on the PIL heard on the second day.
The silver medalists included Obadiah Kelphung, Durash Borgohain and Jarapbor Nongrum.
He added that there may be other hidden reasons for his death, which will soon be revealed.
Sanbor's pride does not make him understand his honor as a Minister of the Government and as a longtime member of the BJP.
Harrybirth said the DC has promised to take action to inspect the site.
He said that the present generation believes in Jesus but people do not see Jesus in their lives.
Because of these problems, the people have to rely on herbal medicines when they are sick and even the poor women have to rely on herbal medicines.
This is enough, but the government authorities, MLAs and MDCs should also provide more assistance to this village, in order to preserve the glory of the tourists from all over the country.
Ardent said he had informed the Lamphang that it would be good to talk to the Indian government to send an English-speaking Governor to Meghalaya.
We have to enjoy the game and score 3 points,” he said.
The water supply used by 44 villages in Shillong is unsafe and poses a serious threat to the health of the people.
Meghalaya has been pursuing the 100% target, which shows the dedication of the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) implementation team in the State.
Shillong, November 27: Former Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla, on Tuesday said that the uranium mining in the state has ended and there is no need to continue to investigate the issue.
Nongpoh, July 01: Unidentified robbers, today, at 2 pm, set fire to the office of the Youth Congress at Pahamsohthri, Ri. Flood District.
He said that there are those who have lost their relatives in the struggle for the independence of India and now they too are suffering from religious differences and for this reason he said. that those who have not yet returned to India should have the right to stay here.
Please call 1070 on the 3rd of this month.
These include Laitduh Cluster 3, Laitumkhrah Cluster 13, Langkyrding Cluster 12, Lawsohtun Cluster 3, Malki Cluster 4, Mawdiangdiang Cluster 4, Mawlai Cluster 7, Nongkrem Cluster 8, Nongthyrah Cluster Cluster 4, Pynursla Cluster 3, Raid Sadew Cluster 3, Sohiong Cluster 3, Umpling Cluster 3.
Sandhu, who is from Chandigarh and is currently pursuing her master's degree in public administration, was awarded the title by Andrea Meza of Mexico, who won in
Like the United States, it would be good if the Indian government created more states according to the characteristics of the ethnic groups, and this would facilitate economic development, peace and governance.
We have spoken to the shopkeepers and the shopkeepers who have not been able to talk to us. We have talked to the Rangbah Shnongs of Nongtalang and Nongtalang Mission to order the shopkeepers to follow the orders of the government.
Sixthly, MeECL has to pay the pension of the retired employees of T.550 crore and to pay the Terminal Benefit (Pension Corpus) of the employees due to corporatization of T.550 crore. 840 crore in 2010 but since then it has increased.
The question is why education has declined so much and who will bring about change in this regard? Have the elected Members of Parliament in the Parliament of India ever addressed these issues that affect us – poverty, education, the lack of access to health facilities, the lack of nutritious food especially for young children and that affects their mental health.
We would also like to express our gratitude to all those who have taken part in this tragic incident in which the storm has suddenly destroyed our family whom we cannot fail to mention, including : - Your presence encourages and comforts us, we cannot repay you for all your good deeds, may God continue to bless you each and every one in every way.
He said that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government has failed in all aspects especially in development.
He also expressed his concern about climate change, but unfortunately many politicians do not take action on this issue and it has affected the crops where they eat insects.
We are still witnessing how the power of ethnic discrimination has struck Manipur.
In the evening, Pastor RB Marpna gave a talk on the topic “Young Christians: A Blessing to the World” (Gen 12:2).
The Meghalaya Kickboxing Association (MAKO) has congratulated Kong Lorenza Songthiang for bringing glory to the state and India. He has been named coach of the Asian Confederation Kickboxing Championship.
He said the findings of the committee cannot be disclosed as they are still confidential and it will be up to the city to take the necessary action.
Jowai Govt.
Shillong: The Congress MDCs in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) have expressed their strong opposition to the proposal to sell 7413 acres of land in the Marwet raid to the BSF. The Executive Committee has not approved the sale of the land to the BSF, as the Hima Mylliem has approved.
These candidates include Moonlight Pariat of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Daniel Dann of the Congress and Andrew Shullai of the All India Trinamool Congress.
Naidu and Babu along with others were arrested for their protest on 17th November this year and were remanded in temporary jail at the Government Rest House. in Dharmabad.
Before distributing the syrnot to the participants, Rev TS Lyngdoh gave a warning to the participants to make the most of what they have learned during these three days in the villages. They create that they exist so that it will be a blessing to society and the nation as a whole.
The player, who is currently at ATK Mohun Bagan, the club in the third position of the Indian Super League (ISL) this season, has gone through many journeys in which he has been involved. He also played for Indian Arrows and Rajasthan United.
When I went to get a car license I had to pay only T.300 and the Dalal who was sitting as an employee asked for up to T.2500 and I learned about this theft after I searched. information according to the rules/prices of the Department of Transport.
The Special Leave Petition (SLP) filed on the corruption case is pending in the Supreme Court.
Shillong, July 3: Police on Tuesday evening arrested three smugglers from the village while they were holding a fete in the village.
This shows the commitment of government departments to provide full service to the people.
On the part of the new Rangbah Shnong, Bah Silvester Mynsong, who has taken over the post of Rangbah Shnong for four consecutive terms, he expressed his gratitude to the residents of the village. The Rangbah Shnong and the members of the village alone cannot accomplish many of the tasks, but there needs to be a cooperation so that any work that is planned to be done will be for the benefit of the villagers. benefit of the people of the village.
Pnah Kyndeng is one of the shrines of the Raid Nonglyngdoh and in this shrine which is covered with trees and siej there is also a famous cremation ground where the lymbit can be witnessed. the beauty of nature.
The Sohkha Presbyterian Youth Church performed the welcome song and the Standing Choir of the District Youth Church performed the theme song “To nangbeh ban ithuh ia U Trai”.
Although many have accused the BJP government of not being able to maintain peace in the state, Kong Pariat as the leader of the BJP women in Meghalaya said that neither the mother nor the father send your children to do evil, but those who do evil must be punished severely.
"“The claim that 22,000 Hindi teachers have been appointed even for one State is not enough for the teachers.
Mizo President Lalnunmawia Pautu said that the party in collaboration with the state government has taken special measures to look into the issue. The Manipuris entered the border of Mizoram.
Shillong, Lber 22: The Executive Committee of the Sawmer Women Organization (SWO) held an emergency meeting at the Sawmer Women Organization (SWO) held at On the 21st of this month, they decided to strongly condemn the rape and murder of Shailinia Kharrymba on the 17th of this month at Sawmer Shiteng.
Phensedyl is a banned drug because people use it as an alcoholic beverage and the smuggling of this drug to Bangladesh is very high from India to Bangladesh. The BSF has fought against this crime.
Genesis 4:3-8.
Shillong, July 22 : A natural disaster has affected Moheshkola village, South West Khasi Hills where heavy rainfall and floods have destroyed the market and the entire area.
The International Cricket Council (ICC) will soon announce the full schedule of the tournament in the coming days and months.
The youth, who was shot at 10:30 pm last night, was taken to Roberts Hospital, Shillong at 7 pm this morning. and he shall pass away from this earth.
Rgh I.Sun, Chairman Lum Sohpetbneng Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie, gave a keynote address. The purpose and purpose of climbing to the top of Lum Sohpetbneng, as a climb is to revive the Nguh Ryngkew Basa, the prayer is to pray for the agriculture, to preserve and maintain it. to the gifts of God and to enjoy good health.
The law prohibits the entry of those who have the intention to build and improve the area.
Naidu said that in the Rajya Sabha, members are allowed to speak in their mother tongue if they wish to do so. to speak better and that the people should understand their speech.
Christian families which have the fellowship of Christ also have mutual respect in the family:-(a).
Karbi Students Association (KSA) President Mirjeng Kro said they do not want to happen like in Manipur, if the Karbi people lose their land and their land will go to Meghalaya.
The Khasi Sohiong Pyllun has more than 36 branches from Nongspung to Diengiei and from Mairang to Rangshken.
He said that the train from Bangalore will leave on 16th June 2020 and arrive in Guwahati on 18th June The train will transport 1500 people living in Karnataka.
The United States on Tuesday dropped bombs on 85 Iranian Revolutionary Guard (IRGC) hideouts in Iraq and Syria. Last month, three US soldiers were killed in a drone strike in Jordan.
In the driving, we feel that we are too busy because we have driven in the right way, but we don't know who is coming from behind or from the front, and that's when the accidents happen.
Besides Abhishek, Manish Sharma (1/9 in 3 overs), Bipin (1/14 in 4 overs) and Sudhir Sahani (1/31 in 11 overs) took wickets.
They include three BSF personnel and one from Tripura who is undergoing treatment at NEIGHRIMS, Shillong.
In the First Division, Moosalyngkat beat Khliehingriang 1-0
When asked, the Minister said that the Government expects to collect revenue by allocating the land in Tura.
And this shows that we are no different from the children of Israel, who did not appreciate the miracles that God had done.
Others include Father Rolandus Lyngdoh President Nongstoin Social Service Society, Father James Anderson Syiemlieh President Nongstoin Social Service Society, Fr. Ditendar Lyngkhoi Assistant Director Nongstoin Social Service Society and other elders of the area as well. farmers.
Luderberg Ch.
“We urge the Government to investigate those incidents where there have been alleged violations of human rights and to punish the perpetrators, not only those of the present, but those of the past spirit,” said Mr. Dino Dympep.
These days, not only the children who are more vulnerable can touch and use these devices especially mobile phones and computers but even those children who live in the streets are also able to play in computer game shops. (Cyber ​​Cafe) and spend time and money to play because it has fun, but this is just entertainment because they can't learn anything to benefit them other than just playing the time and money.
At this time, it was witnessed that the people from the drivers had to wait for hours after the traffic authorities stopped the vehicles while Narendra Modi and Amit Shah were inside the Governor's residence. to witness the swearing-in ceremony of the Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Baby League 2019 kicked off on Saturday with 12 matches.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday denied that a new armed group has emerged in the state, but said it was only the claim of the arrested persons.
“We have worked hard and we will ensure that there will be no more illegal collection or demand for money,” said Prestone.
Bah Endro is one of the leaders in the state and has been involved in public service for a long time.
The protest has taken many forms and has angered West Bengal Governor Jagdeep Dhankhar after the protesters led sheep in front of the Raj Bhavan today.
The Mini-Exhibition was inaugurated by Professor HK Mishra, HOD (Hindi Department) and Dr. Filimela Marbaniang, Assistant Professor, NEHU, Shillong in the presence of Mange Ram, State Director, Khadi & Village Industries Commission, Shillong (Meghalaya), Government officials, staff and others.
However, the village leaders and leaders of the Seng Samla Raid Nongtung Border Area, have made it clear that the meeting will be open only to the people of the area and there will be no foreigners or members of the groups. The Assam Police did not allow the meeting to take part, but the meeting was cancelled.
Besides the leaders of KSU Mawlai Circle, Bah Joe Marbaniang, former leader of KSU Mawlai Circle and Sengkmie as well as office bearers from various Units under the jurisdiction of KSU Mawlai Circle were also present. of KSU Mawlai Circle.
“The government authorities should immediately take action against the sources of the letters with the fake letterhead to demand money and arrest these robbers to ensure that there will be a smooth dialogue. The HNLC has directed its intelligence department to search for people known as Shynshar Khymdeit and M.Rynjah,” said Bah Nongtraw. At the end, the public can contribute to the organization in the form of a donation.
He said that this award is not a big deal but it is a sign of respect and memory from generation to generation. khadar and growth par'
The herbal medicines that mankind uses for the sake of strength, health and freedom from many diseases have been used by mankind for hundreds of years. earth.
In the match between Officers-II and Press-II, Officers-II won the title by beating Press-II 3-1
What a picnic; you shall drink whatever you want; I'm going to rally up and down in Scorpios and expensive cars.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: Poultry vendors including traders, retailers and others under the umbrella of the All Meghalaya Poultry Suppliers and Retailers Association (AMPSRA) have faced many challenges regarding the management of the market. The sale of beef has been reduced due to the excessive exploitation of foreign traders in Meghalaya.
Jaskirat Singh Sachdeva (23 not out from 19 balls) and Tanmay Mishra (37 not out from 26 balls) scored 56 runs. The team reached 171/3 in 34 overs before being suspended and won through the VJD method.
The Ranikor Beach Festival organized by the Officer Club has ended on the night of 20th July, 2024. The closing ceremony was attended by the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of Revenue and Disaster Management, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, Ranikor MLA Bah Pius Marweiñ and other government officials.
“Our Syiems are still there and today many of them are here. I would like to say why we cannot walk together through this shatri which we call the Khasi National Dorbar,” he added. .
Hek said that from Shillong, 43 people have attended the wedding ceremony, of which 38 have been tested negative and 3 are awaiting the results. to test for Covid.
The Home Guard Volunteers started their protest with the intention of closing down the office at 12:14 pm but due to the interference of the police and the Home Guard, they were able to close down the office. The lockdown, along with the arrival of the Magistrate and police officers.
He said that if the people understand, they should look at the results of the elections in Uttar Pradesh, Manipur and Goa.
From Shillong, HM Shangpliang, former MLA Dasakhiat Lamare have applied for tickets. MP.Shillong:The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday reminded the residents of the state of the 10th Anniversary of the shooting death of four civilians by the Assam Police in Mukroh, Mukroh. West Jaintia Hills.
Officers of various departments were also present on the occasion.
Regarding the Khonshnong, in fact it is a mistake in the name of the village, where the party has given assistance to Shnong Thymmae, but we have written the name of the village wrong, but the surprising thing is that yesterday 10/04/2 When the WJNC leaders tried to leave for Khonshnong, the Rangbah Shnong refused to accept the WJNC's intention to help the people of Khonshnong.
According to section 11 (4) of the Act, no person is prohibited from doing any work or selling this land from the date of issue of this Notification without the permission of the Additional Deputy. Commissioner, (Revenue) i/c Amlarem Civil Sub-Division, Amlarem.
After receiving these reports, u Bah Wanshwa Nongtdu, congratulated and wished these two leaders of the area to continue their work for the benefit of the people. which will also serve as a means of increasing income and revenue of the state government.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Upper Shillong and Mawprem Circle on receiving the information, immediately informed the police and will take action to repatriate them.
The meeting was also attended by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Deputy Chief Ministers Prestone Tynsong and Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of Electricity AT Mondal, Minister of PHE, Marcuise N Marak and officers from the various departments and contractors.
“The infiltration of Mynder is a hidden weapon through the work of Dr Mukul Sangma.
“We are pleased that the Government has suspended the employment in the state, but the Government has to issue a notification.
Sangma said the Survey of India has been directed to continue the survey as done in the first phase.
"In addition, Netanyahu said Hamas's brutal attacks against civilians were excessive, killing people inside their homes, killing young people who took part in a festival, kidnapped many women, children and even the elderly.
On the Meghalaya (Benami Transaction Prohibition) Amendment Bill 2016, the Sengbhalang has demanded that the Detection (Lap) rule should be introduced to punish those who commit illegal transactions.
Sources close to the KHADC said that with the approval of the Governor, the Council has now been able to fight against the price of mur so that the farmers who come to sell their products, they shall not be ashamed.
Shillong, Naitung 5: The Sub Divisional Office (Civil) Sohra together with the Office of the Sub Divisional School Education Officer (SDSEO) have awarded honors to the students who passed well in the examination of Secondary School Leaving Certificate ( SSLC) and Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate(HSSLC) of this year
Shillong, November 15: On the 14th of this month at 7:30 pm, a fight broke out between Spalling Kurbah (brother) and Bartu Kurbah (brother). In this incident, a brother stabbed his brother with a knife and his brother died of serious injuries.
Here I found out and understood clearly for myself that this disease is just a disease to make money for the government to collect 600 tyngka from each person who tests without a ration card.
Their problem is the lack of a full-time Waheh Shnong.
Blaridahun, which played only once in three matches, finished with an average of 12.83 and a strike rate of
Amit Shah also invited the religious leaders of the state under the leadership of the State President and Bah AL Hek to Delhi to discuss the issues related to the FCRA and the allocation of land in Delhi to the. KJP Synod.
“The government's action is an anger against God and a desire for evil because this is not a pleasant thing in his eyes,” said Bah Ardent.
The Meteorological Department of the Government of India has warned that heavy rain is expected in most parts of Shillong and surrounding areas tomorrow.
He sent me to Motphran.
The protest started from Byndihati Stand and marched along the Khliehriat Highway to the office of the DC and DMHO and ended with a rally near the Khliehriat State Bank.
“As of now, all the MDCs of the ARPA are strong,” said Bah Nongrum after opening the emergency meeting of the ARPA today.
No one was injured in the incident.
Pius Marwein, MLA Ranikor Constituency, was the chief guest in the presence of Bah Carnes Sohshang, MDC Mawkyrwat Constituency. other elders including church leaders, parents, youth and others.
Shillong, Nailur 14: The Congress MP from Shillong, Bah Vincent H Pala, on Tuesday said that the intention of some MLAs to leave the party may be because they see that the party will not come to power. in the upcoming elections but it is not known whether their vision may not come true.
According to reports, the government has given a good reason to those who instigate the protests of the political parties, especially the politicians who support the protests of the political parties on the ILP in this election. state.
Most of those who joined the NPP were UDP leaders as well as Congress and VPP leaders and supporters. These leaders and supporters from the UDP and Congress parties were also welcomed. NPP Working President and CEM of KHADC Himalayan Shangpliang, NPP Spokesperson Samlin Malngiang, Secretary Incharge of NPP Ri Bhoi District, Kitbor Nongrum State President NPYF President Clement Mawlong, President NPP Ri Bhoi, Jason S. Mawlong, President NPP Umsning, Magdalene S Mawlong, MDC from NPP and others. The Working President of the State NPP and CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, has expressed his satisfaction that the leaders of the UDP, Congress and VPP have come to join the NPP party. Because the goal of the NPP party is to provide services for the development of the people in the state.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Monday strongly opposed the announcement of the name of the university without implementing it.
At two o'clock we will meet after we have paid from the market.
Nongstoiñ, July 11: The President of the Voice of the People (VPP) on Saturday urged the supporters and employees of the party to be vigilant and vigilant. the misguided attempt by other parties to misunderstand the actions of the leaders and the party.
There were three deaths yesterday.
Besides, the Dorbar Shnong has also banned the travel between Pnars and Karbi especially those involved in trade.
Regarding the decision of the Dorbar Shnong Noapara, to hold a public meeting with the cooperation of the people of Meghalaya and Assam in the presence of district officials and police, the matter has been completed.
“The economic growth and income of the North East is not inferior to others but it needs many shortcomings as it is a multi-ethnic North East,” he said.
Other external symptoms include fever and chest pain.
For more information – ursulavonderleyen@vonderleyen September
An earthquake measuring 3.0 on the Richter Scale struck Ri-Bhoi district on Sunday, but no casualties were reported.
The CEM's sudden visit to Delhi has surprised and raised suspicion that there is a misunderstanding within the Congress party as it appears that in the Congress-ruled state government, the Chief Minister The Congress chief of KHADC could not convince the government and fled to Delhi.
The Garo also went to the east as mentioned by the Khasi.
The police have conducted raids on vehicles ranging from commercial vehicles to private vehicles in all districts of the 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency. .
At the same time, the Voice of the People Party (VPP) has demanded that the government should issue a white paper on how to address this issue. teachers meet.
U Bah Sun took this decision after the people from all over the villages in Mawphlang constituency gathered to urge him to contest the election not from the party but as an independent candidate. .
Shillong, Naitung, 11: The Dorbar Shnong Laitkor Rngi has issued a strict warning to any person living inside the village or even outside the village to sell illegal items such as alcoholic beverages such as drugs, stolen goods and others.
Gurdon also mentions (vide page 90) three clans which are descended from three men and goes on to say “it being remarkable that in this case descent is traced originally from male ancestors and not from females.
Guwahati: The price of rynsun has risen sharply in Guwahati in recent days to 400 tyngka per kilo, while the price of rynsun has risen to 35-40 tyngka per kilo.
The Film Screening Committee for East Khasi Hills will be headed by the Deputy Commissioner as Chairman and the Assistant Director of Information and Public Relations, East Khasi Hills as Member Secretary.
Meanwhile, the NITI Aayog has looked at the figures from NFHS-5 for 2019-21 and compared them with the figures from NFHS-4 2015-1
They urged the UDP, VPP, PDF and HSPDP to unite to get a Khasi Prime Minister through the joint support of the TMC and the INC. Two HSPDP MLAs have left the NPP. The NPP has two BJP MLAs, two independent MLAs and two HSPDP MLAs. The UDP 11, VPP 4, PDF 2, TMC 5 and INC 5 have 28 members and need two more members to get the majority.
The lack of material cost for more than three years of the 100 days bill scheme has hampered the implementation of the scheme even in the villages which have already proceeded to implement the 100 days bill scheme.
After receiving a tip, the BSF conducted a raid near Kanta, Umsyiem East Khasi Hills and seized 15,000 kilos of sugar which was intended to be smuggled into Bangladesh.
He said that the arrival of these factories will increase the environmental temperature in the Narpuh area which in the past 40 years has been between 24-26 degrees Celsius during the summer. The temperature has risen to 30 degrees and above due to the emission of carbon dioxide by the coal industry.
“The State Government should publicly announce and issue an order that all plans to build the Hydropower Dam and dam the Umngot River have been suspended.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah C.Budnah, said that the presence of this Jaka Thangbriew in Borbhuin is also a blessing to the residents of Borbhuin. These Khnap Thangbru will also bring about cleanliness in the village and to avoid the smell and pollution during the cremation.
Russian troops shot down two drones that were trying to attack Putin inside the Kremlin.
He said that the people will not be satisfied even if there are police, because there are very few compared to the number of police in Assam.
Please note that you have not received your ration card for 6 months.
The Minister was speaking at the distribution of M-Tabs (PC Tablets) to students from various schools in East Khasi Hills held at Soso Tham Auditorium.
“We on the part of the party will not rest but we will also go to the ground which is the shooting ground of the Khasi to find out whether the Khasi really have the documents.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The SP of East Khasi Hills District, Dr. Tilok Das Gupta, has written to the SP of East Khasi Hills District to ensure that there is no sign of zebra crossing on the roads. Shillong to escape the danger.
Along with Shira, two other GNLA members came to surrender to the police.
He said that the party will also look into other activities that affect the income of the poor, who work in the morning and buy food at night, because in this age of On the other hand, the party sees that poverty is not because the poor cannot be fed, but because the rich cannot be fed.
But the people asked him 'If it's bad, isn't it?'
Sangma admitted that he had not received any order to send a letter to government departments and accused the journalists of acting as investigating officers during their meeting to discuss the matter. The decision of the Court on Tuesday.
Lakhon Phawa scored the goals for Saiñdur Mihmyntdu in the 5th & 67th minutes and Tremi Phawa in the 41st minute.
Without saying much, Tein denied the allegation of corruption and said that what the former CEM has explained is according to their agreement and understanding, and it is understood from Tein's statements. Before Pynshngain spoke to reporters, there was an understanding between the two former EMs and the former CEM.
H Timi Ryngkhlem took four wickets and Peter Nongtdu took two wickets for Khliehtyrshi. Khliehtyrshi SC lost three runs for the loss of 10 wickets in 34.3 overs.
The body of Bah Marshall was found three days later, on Tuesday at about 4:00 pm by the State Disaster Response Force of the Home Guards and Civil Defense in collaboration with the staff. of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB).
It is worth mentioning that Bah Manason Doloi, Sordar of Warmawsaw, was abducted by robbers on 9th July 2021, at 10:30pm, by unidentified persons, They entered his house and kidnapped him from the house, but it was not until the 23rd of the same month that these kidnappers released him in a healthy body. , without causing him any harm.
“All this has been achieved thanks to the hard work of the government authorities, CEOs of MSRLS and COOs which has increased rapidly from 4000 in 2017-18 to 45000 in the state,” he said.
She had eight wickets in hand and managed to finish in just 13 overs.
Speaking to Rupang, Boston said that all the MDCs of GHADC came to cast their votes and when it came time for the election, he received 17 votes while the NPP candidate received only 11 votes. “I should have received 18 votes but one vote has been rejected,” he said.
Pope Francis was helped to sleep by Goido Marini, the Papal Master of Ceremonies, and the Pope is lying on the fourth floor.
Svitolina has already fought two Russians and has refused to shake hands because of the fight.
In this regard, the Bhartiya Janta Party (BJP), which is also a supporter of the NPP-led Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government, has not been able to criticize the NPP for the time being. to work together is over.
While you are sinning against God, know that God is angry and does not listen to anyone's prayers.
The program was held at the Indoor Sports Hall Chutwakhu Cum Auditorium, Jowa in the presence of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Bah Batlang Samuel Sohliya, IAS, Symbud Guest SP of WJHD, Chemphang Syrti, MPS and others. others are District Police Officers.
Shillong: The Jaintia Hills District Council (JHADC) has appointed Ma Pyrwa Lymba as the full Dolloi of Darrang Elaka after the death of Dolloi Beringson Kongwang. month of January 21
He was remembered as one of the best professors and National Award winner and as the Vice-President of Independent India.
Kerala plays a role in regulating and reducing the flow of glucose into the bloodstream.
Dr Kashyap spoke about the work of these patriots like Maniram Dewan and Kushal Konwar of Assam, Ranuwa Gohain of Arunachal Pradesh, Tikendrajit of Manipur and others.
Chairman-cum-Managing Director of MeECL Sanjay Goyal said that the state government has been conducting regular inspections to understand the safety of the Umïam Dam with the assistance of IIT. Guwahati.
In an interview with the quarrymen, it was reported that in one day about seven trucks were transported.
I see that this is a very selfish statement, he considers himself to be a Jaitbynriew, in fact, those who give Jaitbynriew are the greatest enemies of HS Shylla and not the Jaitbynriew as he says. , they are the enemies of BAKHRAW and not the enemies of small or small.
Let the time come, I expect that perhaps in January, we will be able to see the second round of border talks”.
In his first season at the new club, Ronaldo scored 14 goals in 16 games.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, TMC Meghalaya President Charles Pyngrope said that this is the first time that the party leader who is also the Chief Minister of West Bengal has come to meet the party leaders since the party. you can't buy land in this state.
The transportation and vehicle fees for the delivery of these items under these three schemes will be paid by the Government to the Wholesalers or Dealers as usual from time to time. they will all stand at least a meter apart in a row.
Chibor Phawa scored the third goal for Saiñdur Mihmyntdu (41).
If it weren't for these signs, I wouldn't know what kind of people we would be. It can be said that they would be brighter than us without these characters.
The Government is also looking for a place to open the road from Lumshyllong to Laitkor without passing through the army road.
“The Khasi Seng Kmie has already sent a letter to the Minister of Minority Affairs, Salman Khursheed,” he said.
According to Dr Sahkhar, the milk production in the state is still very low and the average milk yield per person per day is only 75 grams per head.
We are afraid until it is too late.
On the other hand, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh in his speech said that there have been some problems within the party in the past months, but he said that as the party stands firm and He said that even those complaints that have appeared in the media regarding many of the allegations and the departure of MDCs, but the party has not responded even once. and the silence of the party has brought a clean fruit because the PDF is a party that is still clean and has no writings.
Shillong, Nailur 15: The Congress Congress in the state today, 15th Nailur, has completed the sale of forms for the candidates who want tickets from the party.
Furthermore, to disseminate information on the treatment of TB patients, the DTO office on Thursday conducted a training program in collaboration with the two colleges St Edmund and Women College for student in the Social Work line.
The purpose of the Sports Department of the Federal Government is to recognize the special talents of the children and provide them with full training through the provision of adequate sports facilities. which will appear in foreign sporting events such as the Olympics and others.
The Raid Nongkseh is headed by Basan Thangkhiew and has the Minister of Rural Affairs, Social Welfare, Rural Development and the Lyngdoh of Nongkseh.
Tuberkmaishnong is an example for other villages to follow because although many families still hold the traditional religion or Niamtre, there is no religious difference in this village. the whole Kingdom.
The Committee needs to meet frequently because only one meeting cannot take a decision and send a proposal/recommendation to the Government.
In fact, even if they have shown us the way, we should be grateful and respectful to them, not that we should become those who will forbid those who have done good to us.
They were thrown into the river that was covered with water above the place where people used to bathe.
Shillong, November 10: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday directed the protesting political parties to seek the Public Information Act, which has repealed the Eastern Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation Act Frontier Regulation Repealing Act, 1897.
At the same time, Bah Embhah said he has also lodged a complaint with the Minister regarding the flow of garbage from Marten, Mawlai Mawiong to Lynti Rim and also to National Highway-4
Shillong, March 25: The State Youth Wing of the KHNAM on Tuesday submitted a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma demanding that the “personal” interview' for Group B, C and D so that there will be no discrimination in relation to the appointment of staff in the departments of the State Government.
In Ribhoi, 12 cases, 11 cases from outside the state, 2 cases from South West Khasi Hills, 5 cases from West Garo Hills, 1 case from outside the state. 12 cases from outside the state, 12 cases from West Jaintia Hills, 1 case from abroad and 3 cases from West Khasi Hills. high risk contact.
This laptop was left in a taxi from DC Office, Jowai to Ladthadlaboh at about 4 pm. Please contact the taxi driver or anyone who has found it by calling the following numbers: 8794536127 / .
In Jaintia Hills, there are 4 candidates.
On the other hand, Bah Ardent said that during the meeting with the Prime Minister, the VPP also discussed the issue of the Deputy Commissioner on the enforcement of Section 144 CrPC. The VPP has said that the government should change this order.
Among the seriously injured, Marius Sumer died in critical condition this morning.
The incumbent MDC of Langkyrdem Laitkroh is also from the UDP party.
The owner who gets a reliable employee has more peace of mind.
Thus we see that after Jesus ascended to heaven in a cloud the Apostles performed many miracles and wonders one of them was Peter and John, Peter healed a lame man, Peter said – “In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, walk!
The shopkeepers said that initially it was announced that there will be only 121 shops in the market but as soon as the Monolith started, the shops were closed and even in the middle of the day on the last day of the festival. that there are still new shops being set up and as of noon on Saturday, 247 shops have been opened instead of
Shillong: Mawpud village in Ranikor Block, South West Khasi Hills District, will get a colored road after 42 years to connect Umpung village to Mawpud village under the PMGSY scheme. Some of the elders of Mawpud village, said that they cannot confirm the age of the village, but Mawpud village is the oldest village in the area and has reached the age of more than 100 years. .
“I understand your problems, the government will examine the needs of the teachers because it is not only the education department that is doing this, other departments also need to think together,” said Dr. Men.
On the other hand, u Sniawbha said that sports especially football is no longer just for sports or to promote one's own team but it is an income generating activity for the youth.
Phibankyntiew, if you have anywhere, come back,” said Mama with a smile.
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) has conducted raids in several places in Kashmir this morning in connection with money laundering incidents. to one person for the purpose of conducting an investigation, officials said.
The question is still pending, we cannot answer, but it is time for the Government to investigate the reason through research through educational institutions or research institutions. through high schools and when we find reasons or shortcomings we should strengthen them, if it is the lack of sting of the students who take the exam, we should find ways to encourage them by giving prizes or by helping them. and guide them from colleges to provide adequate training like the people of Delhi and Mumbai.
Their visit was to review how the preparations for the MLA elections in the state have started.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that he will convene a cabinet meeting with his ministers to consider the proposal of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC).
In the final match of the tournament, Umladkhur beat Man I Bha 2-0
In the past three months, the Chief Minister has visited many districts and blocks in the state.
The Governor, who spoke to the members of the Society, asked them what they should do and what they should do.
We all know that Bah Hek won the election from the foreigners and now he is trying to increase the number of foreigners in Meghalaya so that he can become the Prime Minister because only from the Khasi and Garo this man does not win. election.
We will also write to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly to advocate for us who have the right to participate in such political activities and who have been empowered by the people who have elected us to this election. Assembly,” said the woman.
After a meeting with the Chief Minister on 5th November regarding the border issue and the proposal to set up a BOP on Tyrso and Thadrang roads, the Chief Minister directed them to meet with the Chief Minister. Secretary to the Ministry of Home Affairs, Bah Cyril Diengdoh.
In the past few days, the people of East Jaintia Hills District have been protesting against the deterioration of the NH-06, which should pass from Khliehriat to outside Meghalaya to connect with other states in the East. Mizoram, Tripura and other states.
Two leaders of the Laitumkhrah Presbyterian Church, Pastor Reuben G Laloo and Tymmen Basan T Nongkhlaw, were robbed while they were on their way to meet their missionaries in Bihar.
Shillong, Lber 06: The Minister of State and Spokesperson of the MDA II Government, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the State Government in the past 10 years has done many important things. assume.
Completed this now.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 17: The Animal Husbandry & Veterinary Department (AH&VD) has decided to vaccinate all the cows and examine them by doctors to check the health of the cows. cows at the cow market in Khanapara, Ri Bhoi District, before being released to the market for slaughter and at the same time as part of the curb the smuggling of cows to Bangladesh.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on 6th June said that 100 residents of Meghalaya have returned from Manipur and about 40-50 others will arrive today.
Speaking after the meeting to rebuild the United Democratic Party Mawphlang Circle, Eugeneson Lyngdoh said that he has decided not to contest the election for personal reasons. One of the members of the party will support and work hard for the party to win from Mawphlang constituency.
The Bibas family is said to be the most special to Hamas among those it abducted on March 7 because of the presence of the nine-month-old child.
In the third match, Padu United 'A' beat Namdong Sports Club 'A' 2-1
Lack of sleep at night deprives you of many benefits in your life.
The Minister said that Conrad K. Sangma has been conveying to the people of the state that the state should reach the goal of making Meghalaya a revenue of Rs 50 billion. .
It was also decided to hold talks with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, MLAs and Ministers of Meghalaya regarding the Election Photo Identity Card enrollment so that they can enroll in their own villages.
Shillong, July 29 : In 2018, the youngest sister of Bah HDR Lyngdoh and his brother-in-law came out to support the HSPDP candidate, Bah Samlin Malngiang until he won and defeated his brother. He is also a leader who has won for decades as the MLA of Sohiong Constituency.
And this happened in the time of Joshua after Moses died, God called Joshua to lead the children of Israel.
According to the new report, the death toll from the Israeli war in Gaza has risen to 11,078 Palestinians living in Gaza who have lost their lives since the beginning of the Israeli war. Hamas militants have been in power for about 5 weeks.
He said that if the government understands that it cannot, it should issue AK-47 licenses to the youth to protect the area.
There are 933 youths from across the country who have been selected this year to take over these positions.
The house belongs to Bah Boldwin Pohshna and Displin Khonglah, who have five children. to avoid any injury.
He said that when we look closely at the principles of the HSPDP party, it is very appropriate to fight from this party, because the principles in it are relevant and necessary in this era.
“Therefore, we have requested the Government of India to provide an additional grant as a gift to us because we have been able to complete and fully implement the CIF. who received the additional song.
The tournament was inaugurated by the President of the Union, Bah E Kharkongor as the chief guest in the presence of the Secretary of Nongumlong Village, Bah Shephard Kharsahnoh as the chief guest. The opening ceremony was conducted by the Vice President Bah BN Shanpru.
Shillong: Members of the National People's Party (NPP) Dadenggre, in the presence of the Leader of the National People's Party (NPP), Dadenggre, on Tuesday submitted a memorandum. This is a sign to inform and request the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma to upgrade the Dadenggre Civil Sub-Division to District status.
On the other hand, she acknowledged that the road has been badly damaged and has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers passing through this NH-6 from East Jaintia Hills District, especially in the Thaiñ Narpuh, on the other hand, expects that this road will be repaired immediately.
TRAU captain Sunil B saved with his hand to block a shot by Figo Syndai which led to the referee to score. The penalty was awarded and a red card was sent to the player.
This is the main reason why the border with Assam has not been resolved yet.
The KSU urges all the Khasi youth who are taking part in this tournament in the North East to play well and have a competitive spirit and hopes that the youth athletes of the Jaidbynriew will bring glory.
Those who have dry skin can use rose water instead of fish.
“Since the beginning of the mining project, they have been violent, it was after we found out through RTI from the Forest Department that we found the documents. The village should come with dignity so that there will be no confrontation with each other.
He said that the time has also shown the importance of cooperation with other countries, whether in the delivery of medicines and medicines or in the bringing of their own people to their country.
Farmers who cultivate on their own land must have a valid dulir certified by the office of the Syiem, Lyngdoh, Dirdar or the District Council or registered with the DG office to prove that they are longtrai.
For the benefit of many churches, the Executive Member was urged to ensure that the shops in Iewduh should keep all their goods within the boundary of the shop, without and he went outside the door of the shop.
Shillong: The results of the Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate Examination, 2024 (HSSLC) for Science, Commerce and Vocational Streams, conducted by the Meghalaya Board of School Education, Tura, will be announced on 8th June office hours.
Speaking to media, Prestone said that in the past there have been meetings between the District Administrations between Meghalaya and Assam.
The MSCW through its Member Secretary, Kong VH Blah has also sent its condolences to the family of the deceased.
In these days, she has also tried to convince the people of that area of ​​her upcoming scheme.
Balkan Marak (20'), Samuel Shadap (52'), Sidartha Rabha (63') and Baiarjingmut Syngkli (77', 82) scored two goals for Chipakkore.
We are not made to clean your shower at all.
Finally, the Nongpoh MLA also thanked Bah Vincent H Pala as MP and Dr. DD Lapang, Chief Adviser to the State Government, who have taken the lead and helped for the development of the state government. par in the whole of Ri Bhoi.
Sunil B scored the first goal in the 28th minute and Ronaldo Singh scored the first goal in the 28th minute. scored their second goal before the end of the first half.
The job of journalist is not easy because in this world, many people don't want to tell the truth as it should be.
The garbage dump has severely affected the health of all the residents of the area as well as those who pass through the area.
Suraj Chettri tied 29 runs off 23 balls and Soumydeep 24 runs off 26 balls.
The Dorbar Dong Namchiang also requests the people to join hands and warn at the same time against the exploiters and this protest should be peaceful and bring benefits to them. public.
Shillong: The Managing Director of the East Khasi Hills District Cooperative Milk Union (EMCU) has announced that it has lost its milk products during the curfew imposed by the government as part of the curfew. Megha Milk is available from all government-approved grocery stores.
Meghalaya is the least productive state in fish production.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today announced that it will re-elect Bah Ardent M Basa Iawmoit to sit in the post of CEM. As CEM, he has to work closely with the EC and other EMs. Despite this decision, the UDP has already announced publicly through the media last night that it will allow Bah Ardent. Speaking to reporters, Ardent Basaiawmoit said that the public meeting scheduled to be held on the 19th of this month will proceed smoothly.
“It is not the responsibility of the State Government to hold the meeting.
She said that so far the PDF has praised the conduct of its dorbar even after the decision to dissolve it.
However, James asked whether the government has stopped the search for the policeman. Warjri said it is not so and the government is still searching for the police chief. .
Fortunately, there is no Gorkhaland in Bhoi.
Speaking on the party's mission especially for the development of the country, Conrad said that Dadenggre has been the stronghold of the NPP. (L) PA Sangma, the founder of the party, who has worked hard all his life for the development of Garo Hills.
This can all be achieved.
BJYM President Anurag Thakur, who was present at the meeting, was injured.
Skhembor Shadap, President and Namphrangmi L Talang, General Secretary in a statement said that the government has allowed the import of coal from abroad, especially from Assam, the state affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. There is a risk to the Jaintia Hills including East and West Jaintia Hills that the disease will spread through truck drivers and truck passengers coming from the State.
“As a sign of protest against the Government of India, which has remained silent on the social peace talks, even after six years, there will be a closure of shops and workplaces in Nagalim, until at 12 noon on 3rd July 2021, said a statement from the Ministry of Information and Publicity (MIP) of the NSCN(IM).
Furthermore, the water from these Sub-Zonal Reservoirs will be supplied to the households of these villages and to the water supply platforms of the villages through GI pipes.
On the other hand, Bah Lamdame urged the suspect to pay the money within 10 days and urged the public if they see the suspect to arrest and inform him. He also urged that this will serve as a warning to other youth and the public not to fall into such temptations and to be vigilant.
After this he was transferred to Ummulong Parish as Assistant Parish Priest in 2000-2002 and in 2002 he was appointed as Parish Priest of the same Parish until
The EJNC strongly states that if the State Government does not stop these coal trucks from entering East Jaintia; on the other hand, the organization will take other paths.
According to the residents, the cleaning has started in the past few days.
It cannot be denied that the existence of these groups, to serve the people in terms of knowledge of the organization has completely changed their lives.
The 2023-24 season will mark the return of the BC Roy Trophy for the first time since the COVID-19 pandemic.
Referring to the TMC cards as “Baaki or Credit Cards” at the election rally in South Tura to start the election campaign on Monday, Conrad said that even the people in Dr Mukul Sangma's constituency, Songsak, and even Williamnagar have started burning We Card and MYE Card because they feel that they will not benefit from them.
And this spirit can be resurrected after death.
The MPHRC also demanded that such deaths of people arrested in police custody should be reported to the National Human Rights Commission.
In another order, the Rapsang Building (currently under construction) opposite the Meghalaya Main Secretariat and the house of Anil Toi have been lifted from the curfew. , Lower New Colony, Laitumkhrah.
He said that in Bethany Society alone there are about 400 children with disabilities.
Puramon Kynjin, Dolloi Elaka Jowai, while speaking on the occasion, said that the Soo Langdohs on the basis and religious teachings they have inherited fulfill the promises of the Lord to Hynniewbasa. Peace, order, prosperity and development will come to the Raij Village as well as to the Elaka as a whole.
They were arrested at 4.30 pm this morning while they were trying to steal from the village.
The VPP has made it clear in the Legislative Assembly that the late implementation of the Roster System will lead to a serious discrimination in which the jobs will go more to the Garo youth than to the Khasi-Jaintia.
And it came to pass on that day, that the Jews took up their garments upon the colt, and set Jesus thereon, and rejoiced, and praised God, saying, Blessed is the King that cometh in the name of the Lord. Lord, the Pharisees said – Master, rebuke thy disciples, Jesus said – “If these should hold their peace, the stones would immediately cry out”.
“The 18 villages under Block II should fall under Meghalaya; The second is on development schemes that will come from any state and should not be interfered with by the Assam police,” he added.
The security system will be in three layers, the inner or first part will be guarded by the CAPF and the outer parts of the second and third layers will be guarded by the state police.
Regarding Dowry, he said that in 2011 there was only one case and in 2012, in 2013 there were two but until November 2014 there was no case related to Dowry.
The TMC is a secular party and the schemes it has implemented in its own state, especially West Bengal, are well known, until the BJP, the The TMC has worked hard to defeat the West Bengal Assembly elections, but has not succeeded.
If those political leaders cannot see far away, disaster awaits them.
He accused the Congress-led state government of not working properly especially in GHADC because even the figures have not been sufficient in the past years.
PC.U Addl.AG said that a report will be submitted to the court after collecting the report from the service providers of the phones and FSL. The vehicle of KSU General Secretary Donald V Thabah was arrested on Saturday.
Nagaland Food Safety Commissioner Himato Zhimomi said that fish treated with formalin have been declared unfit for consumption under Section 3(1)(zz)(v) of the Food Safety and Standards. Act, 2006.
However, reliable sources said that the civil society in Lum Garo has declared a curfew on the 12th of this month which is the polling day, but due to the court's ban on the media. They have announced that it will be a day of mourning and no one will be able to vote, but they said that the idea is to write that it is a curfew.
On the other hand, the union has sought clarification from the DMHO of East Jaintia Hills District, Dr D.Shylla and the union has urged the office of the DMHO to provide all the necessary facilities in the health centres especially to those who are in the rural areas far from the city, so that the people will not suffer when they get sick.
Kim doesn't have a law that hasn't been amended or amended.
The education department of the state government on Friday announced that those students who have not been able to write the CUET 2023 examination will be allowed to write again due to the lack of examination centers outside the state.
It would not be enough if for one group of people who have to mine coal according to scientific methods they have to pay license fees and taxes, while for others, they can mine illegally while they without any permission or without paying taxes to the government,” the High Court said.
'Love, unity, peace to rule' was the song of the youth of Lumpyngad village in Amlarem Sub-division, West Jaintia Hills at the end of the celebration of the 50th anniversary of the village on Tuesday.
Therefore, he added that the village authorities have conducted a vigilance on the arrival of these people in the village and requested that there should be no huri hura in the village. Only those who have been authorized by the village and police can stay temporarily while the violence continues in Manipur, he added.
Shangpliang alleged that the Dean and Provost have ignored the fellowships and scholarships among other problems.
He also explained about the Community Seed Bank with the help of PGS/ALC.
In 1971, during the Bangladesh-Pakistan war, Bangladeshi refugees were taken to the North East and in Shillong were settled in the RR Colony or Refugee Colony. East, India wants to turn the North East into a dustbin,” said Samuel Jyrwa.
Do you think these leaders will be able to participate in that Dorbar which is the responsibility of Bah John Kharshiieng? Whoever turns the oil of joy Kur without suhthied! The Dorbar Kur did not reach anywhere while the custom of Ai-jait women Ai-jait mother was still being practiced.
Two training centers have been set up in Tura and Shillong where about 100 women and children have benefited , he said Shillong, June 5: The President of the Jirang Block Congress Committee, Bah Albertus Lapang, has decided to contest as an independent candidate.
“If it wasn't for him, many young people wouldn't have found jobs.
When asked, Thomas said that the project has suffered a price increase.
Because the government alone cannot do anything without the cooperation of all.
Shillong, July 30: The committee headed by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, has been appointed to review the Benami Transaction Act, 1980 and the Tenants Verification Draft Bill. hand it over to the government next week.
Let those who have understanding think and accept this.
The foreigner said that Mizoram has received assistance from China and Myanmar which has supplied them with guns and Myanmar has also supplied drugs to Mizoram. Many Khasi families have died because of drugs and all the drugs that have come to Meghalaya are from Mizoram but Bah Sanbor Shullai said that he is still in the state of Mizoram.
“The Forum will look into the issues of the region and protect the rights of the villagers,” said M.Ibumgochoudibi.
“Therefore, I have directed the NHIDCL to do the work as soon as possible and to improve the road as soon as it starts to collapse or deteriorate so that it will not affect the vehicles especially the vehicles carrying passengers,” said Bah. Preston.
Shillong: The Government has increased the price of kyiad by renaming various types of kyiad.
We also warn the state government, the MLA, the MDC of Sohra Constituency, the village headmen of Sohra area not to accept such proposals as it will cause problems to the residents of Sohra area later. later because the soldiers once they had used any land they didn't own it.
“Blessed is the man whom thou choosest, and causest to approach unto thee, that he may dwell in thy courts: we shall be satisfied with the goodness of thy house, the holy place of thy temple” (Ki Psalm 65:4) We also have courage and confidence through faith in Him, which is a promise when we draw near to God.
In his speech, Sharif also criticized the issue of Kashmir, but promised to improve relations with all countries as well as countries neighboring Pakistan.
The coin or luck will defame the name and reputation of the parents and the family as a whole.
Welcome speech was delivered by Bah Panborlang Nongkynrih, Executive Committee Member of Laban Sports Club, in the presence of Bah Sammy Myrthong, President of Laban Sports Club. He thanked the players who came to participate and encouraged the club which has worked hard to make the Club a successful Table Tennis Academy in the North East.
He allegedly raped a 14-year-old girl at Ampati PS on 13th October, later on 31st October he raped her 17-year-old sister by shooting at Ampati PS. ing their stay.
These new buildings include a ramp access way, a maternity block, an elevator, a physiotherapy block, an administrative building and a retaining wall.
In the Men's Physique 5.5 above category, Akash Choudhary of Power House Gym, Vijay Singh of Fittorium Gym Shillong, Pritam Sunar of Gold Gym Jowai and Hamehun Passah of Flex Appeal Gym won the second prize. Jowai, Jonathan Rymbai, Shillong, has been arrested.
This WATER FOR LIFE has killed many people every year because the water they drink and use is unsafe water, and this death from this unsafe water drinking is much more deadly than the deaths in wars including war.
She said that many of the teachers who have not been employed are too old to find employment elsewhere.
He said that he has already directed the PHE department to conduct another inspection for the safety of the people.
He said it is shocking and unfortunate that those MLAs who used to come to the people to identify themselves as indigenous parties and hill parties, say what can be done by speaking in Hindi.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The Dorbar Shnong of Mawryngkneng Village under the leadership of Bah Peter J Lawai today met with the Commissioner and Secretary Education and the Director of Higher and Technical School Education. He spoke on the requirement of the Ministry of Education for Aadhaar Number from students who apply for scholarships.
“Bah Adelbert has seen well that the MDA government has taken action, but he is still fighting. I don't understand what it means. “It's time to go ahead,” said the Prime Minister's Secretary.
He said that the film was inspired by some true incidents found according to research from true incidents in 9-Lad.
With this decision of the Supreme Court, the NGT order ban ban coal mining has been suspended.
Most of the knowledge will be given to the medicines of the Jaintia Hills.
The internet shutdown will continue for 48 hours from 10:30 am in seven districts including Ri Bhoi, East Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills. Hills Districts.
“The CEM said that there is a leakage of money, I told him that this is your second collection of revenue and the trucks have already paid to the government,” I said. “I have demanded that it should stop but he has not listened,” said Bah Man. “I am very sorry that this has been done without consulting me as the MDC of this area”. .
However, if you accuse only the Congress, with the words that it is a corrupt party, a party that increases income and so on, it is not something that the people of India will like. , because the election of the BJP to lead the government in 2014, has been a sign that the people want it, but if we talk about the same thing, that it becomes a foolish thing.
Shillong: U CEM of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, today said that the EC will remove unnecessary departments as some of the officers are not working but receive only salary. there is a council.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Tongkhar expressed his gratitude that this road is one of the oldest roads which has been in existence for 58 years since Meghalaya did not get a state under the rule of Assam. .
But one son was never home.
Another meeting will be held tomorrow.
According to reports, 26 Nigerian security personnel were shot dead in a gang attack in Central Nigeria on Sunday night, with about 8 others injured and also a relief aircraft mistakenly landed due to a procedural glitch that night.
On the other hand, the President of JSU Laskein Circle, Samla Dapmain Suchiang, has expressed his anger against the government, the leaders and the Block Laskein for neglecting the residents of the border villages like Psiar, Khad. Kasla, Moluber and Mojem and others because these villages are full of discouragement at this time because the assistance from the government has not reached them yet.
Why doesn't the ST apply for the rooster chess job? Who is the Khasi Jaintia? This is the thanks of the MDA government to the NPP UDP for giving the Khasi Pnarka speech to the UDP for not being able to convince the Lord to leave.
The National Health Mission (NHM) is the implementing agency of the Central Government.
Think to yourself; he cried in his own house; talk about it in funeral homes; in consultation with the experts in the village was established.
“Until now, I have not dared to admit that the people of Sohra benefit from tourism.
From today until the first month of July 2014, there will be no protest, he said.
Jesus made it clear in the Gospel of Luke 21:33, "Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: The match of the 1st Division Football League 2023-24 between Lawsohtun SC and Mylliem SC at the SSA Ground has come to an end. the khur victory salt and shi gol.
He said the government has the responsibility to verify the allegations of corruption and the AITC will do whatever is necessary to get evidence on the allegations.
NASA has its own mission, called Psyche, and says there is an asteroid, 226 kilometers in diameter, located in the solar system between Mars and Jupiter. and it is in this asteroid, which is believed to contain a great deal of gold, in which the wealth to be obtained from this asteroid will exceed the wealth of the world.
The reservoir currently has 35.235 tmcft of water compared to 46 tmcft at the same time last year.
"he ….
When it was 11 o'clock, he went to sleep.
“In the state, 4 units have been lost and 2 units from NEEPCO have been lost including in Tripura and one in Kupli. power outage now".
We are talking about the RTI response we received.
Because both of them will have children.2.
The union also appealed to the public especially the drivers to be vigilant especially when going to the reserve. The union also demanded that the law enforcement agencies should punish those involved in the killing of commercial vehicle drivers.
Jesus said to Nicodemus, “Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God” John 3:5 that which is born of the flesh is flesh: and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit" John 3:6
In the Sub Junior Girls category, Pynkmenlang Lyngdoh came sixth and Ibadarisuk Kynjai Sohshang came fourth.
Mawkyrwat MLA Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar suggested that the roster system should be implemented in the districts like the reservation policy.
Jotimoi Sharma was admitted to NEIGRIHMS Hospital on 8th November 2020 due to shortness of breath and unconsciousness. He passed away on 19th November 2020 at 5:00 pm due to respiratory failure, Covid pneumonia and brain damage.
He came to serve another country that had been conquered by the same tyrants.
In East Khasi Hills, 34 cases, 12 cases in Ri Bhoi, 36 cases in West Garo Hills, 6 cases in West Jaintia Hills and others.
Shillong, November 27: Speaking to reporters, Bah HS Shylla MDC UDP from Nongkrem, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the District Council is not a place to legislate but It is a place to recognize and codify the existing laws according to the customs and traditions and for that reason he said that it is necessary to collect and compile the laws of the various villages and himas. ter ter and should be incorporated into writings to become law.
This statue of Jesus Christ was erected by the Catholic Church.
China cannot refuse any visa.
Cynthia Bansara Marweiñ, has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 24th of this month, at 6.15 pm, she was walking from Dhankheti to Boyce Road Muscle Gym, Laitumkhrah, Shillong. Kartik Deb Nath, who was following her from Dhankheti, grabbed her from behind and tried to steal her mobile phone. and they caught the thief.
The Seng after receiving information that there are many households who are struggling to buy rice and some of them are short of rice to cook, the Seng will take action to deliver the rice. and to various villages in War Jaintia.
Katei is one; Furthermore, another part is that if a leader of the people, if he commits suicide, because of the implementation of the CAB, it is unacceptable, because he should have been able to do so. as a leader, by the power of words and by the power of deeds, but if he himself is no longer there, it shows that he is pleased that others suffer and that he himself will escape. he looked away, because he could not fight against the law.
“The poor residents are suffering from this lockdown.
Sailung is ready to win the title and is preparing to play against Lutituber on the 15th at 1 pm to compete for the title this season.
Rangdajied had a chance to score at the start of the first half through Tremiki Lamurong but Niaw Wasa's goalkeeper scored.
The visit of the DC and SP to Raj Bhavan today came after the district witnessed incidents such as the incident on Tuesday at Mahadev Khola where there was a violence against A police vehicle was set on fire at Laitumkhrah Police Station after a clash between two groups.
Surprisingly, in places like East Jaintia Hills and West Khasi Hills where there are high level people who have accumulated wealth from coal mining, they are not willing to set up a single school from the coal mining industry. for children in that state who come from poor families.
If the names of the places are Khasi, it means that if we prove anywhere, the right will protect our Jaitbynriew.
The union has also sent petitions to the District Medical Health Officer of East Khasi Hills and to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek to demand that the house should be opened. Ganesh Das Hospital, as the union said that if the new hospital is opened soon, it will help to overcrowd the existing hospital.
In the women's category, Eladmiki Ksoo of North Liberty HS School won second, Daphi Dkhar won second and Dakini Shylla Sabahmuswang of UP SSA won third. In the men's discus throw category, Victor Mayanglambam of Under-18 won. JNV Mukhla School, Shemphang Synnah North Liberty HS School and Nickyboy Swer North Liberty HS School.
So they say that God's end of the world is near.
The second match will be played at 4.15 pm between PFR Academy and Mawkriah West Sports Club.
The Civil Defense & Home Guard is the only agency or provider of personnel for various groups in need of their services.
Among the many reasons, perhaps we can say that one of the reasons for the influx of other ethnic groups to these beloved mountains is the stingy attitude of some of us, that we don't appreciate the work we do. work or live to earn a living every day, while other ethnic groups work hard to earn a living for whatever opportunity they have due to the lack of jobs in their hometowns or villages.
They are part of the Khanduli Psiar Sector which has now emerged in the border talks between Assam and Meghalaya.
After this, in the bronze medal match in the women's category, East Khasi Hills District defeated West Garo Hills District 25 – 14, pp. 1 – 11 , 25 – 20 .
Upon receipt of the report, the department will check whether there is such an incident and after that it will continue how it happened.
The budget was introduced by the Deputy CEM, Bah Pyniaidsing Syiem in the first session of the dorbar and was approved yesterday.
According to research by Swedish scientists through MRI (magnetic resonance imaging) and electrophysiology, there are many benefits to the brain if reading in languages ​​other than your own.
“The Revenue land cannot be given to any person who takes it to use it because it is government land, and this land belongs to the Nongkhlaw Kur since ancient times. It has been awarded to the Queen of England since
The number of girls' schools has decreased from 1,429 in 2016-'17 to 1,330 in 2020-'
The film was launched by Commander Shangpliang, President of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU) Central Body and also a Khasi filmmaker on the 1st of this month. He urged the public to support and visit especially the farmers, as this film is made about the farmers.
On the other hand, Minister MB Kharlukhi said that the reason for the Hima Mylliem to extend the term of office of Rangbah Shnongs is because they have not been able to hold dorbars due to the outbreak of corona virus in the state. .
Shillong: The FKJGP Riwar Mihngi Circle has donated a tin of household items to the family of Jawalang Sutnga from Nenggate, Pynursla whose husband passed away.
From the front of the stone (from the bottom) there is a picture of a bird and in the middle there is a picture of a cow with three dots.
He also encouraged the students to have a goal in life, whatever they want to be in their life.
Earlier, the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) had conducted a joint inspection between the village authorities and officers from the department to ensure that the river will not be polluted if a shohdoh site is set up at Mawlai Mawïong.
He said this is a discrimination against the people and at the same time his leaders are discriminatory even against their own supporters.
The BSF source said that the search operation has started today on the trucks coming from Bangladesh.
On this occasion, it was also explained that account holders between the ages of 18 and 40 years can also receive pension through the Atal Pension Yojna (APY) which ranges from 1000 tyngka per month to 5000 tyngka per month. by paying only 42 or 210 rupees.
When the sky starts to shit and when it starts to rain, the soil should be well drained.
At such a time when there was still a lot of grief and defeat, there were those who spread false news.
Did mankind also destroy enemies and corrupt the earth in Noah's day? Without fail, as in this neoliberal era, greed and selfishness are the main causes of environmental destruction.
The JSU found these REC PDCL employees on their way to the MeECL office, Jowai.
“That is our wish to release the CAB from the Sixth Scheduled States, and that is our wish,” said Sanbor.
Sharing the tips for victory, Menangmankhraw said that his routine throughout the year is the same and it is a test.
Dr Mukul was speaking in the House on a question raised by Nongkrem MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit, who asked whether the government holds festivals or not.
On this occasion, the Rangbah Shnong of Nongjri, Bah Myghter Marwein, distributed 15 kilos of rice, rice bran and umphniang to each household. They do not receive any assistance from the government like other villages.
“The Association will hold a strike,” said the Association leaders.
