Introducing the resolution, the Sohra MLA said that these two languages ​​of the state are important and it is time for the government to take action to include them in the 8th Schedule of the state. ritual regime of the country.
H Marbaniang, former DIG (CID/ACB/Vig) has been promoted to Inspector General of Police (CID/ACB/Vig). and Mr. SS Kynjing.
The Governor of Meghalaya, V.Shanmuganathan will be the chief guest to witness the annual ceremony along with other dignitaries.
In the essay competition, Ophelia Mary Kharmujai and Melakerbha Rumsong won the first prize.
Therefore, the kur has encouraged them not to leave this house and to stay together until they get a fair trial.
Speaking to Kynjatshai, the Rangbah Shnong of Lyngïong, Bah L.Marshillong, said that during the rainy season, people live by farming such as Phan, Sohsaw, Phankaro and others but during the rainy season, they don't. get cultivated because it is not natural.
The second match will be between the Second Chance against Boys Noise on July 20 at 1pm and the third match between Phudmuri against Iaipyrshang FC at 3pm.
Intro: “Pentecost” means “Fiftieth” It refers to the Jewish festival held fifty days after the second day of the Passover.
At first glance, their statement seemed like a joke and a joke, but as time went by, it turned out to be true and right.
Gideon Mukhim was the headmaster of Lum-bhahdakha Wahiajer.
The CAG report also shows that MeECL has not called a tender and has been in talks with GEPL to sell electricity at T.1.95 per unit.
The father was identified as Ajay Rai and was arrested from Dwarka, Delhi on 27th June
The participation of these children came at a time when the sports sector has started to grow in the state.
The declaration of Micro Containment Zone for these houses in these villages will come into force from the 10th to the 20th of this month.
Some of these trainings last for six months and some for sixty days, depending on the type of training.
Kambesa A Sangma also scored 21 runs from 48 balls.
The party is ready to cooperate with any political party for the good of the community, the region and the nation.
Tourism has not yet developed in Ri Bhoi, Jaintia Hills, West Khasi Hills and Garo Hills.
The lucky draw will be held on 28th November
It may be recalled that in an interview with the KSU on the day of the shooting, it alleged that Ramprasad Bhusal was close to the black traders at the border and used to be involved with them.
Some Khasi drivers are rae deal with passengers and should change their attitude.
He also congratulated the MLA for taking the initiative to turn to the border by bringing in these schemes.
Four judges were also elected.
Lalmal-sawma Tariang of Chutwakhu won the Best Goal Keeper award while Chanmitre Dkhar of Lion won the Top Scorer award. Sports and Youth Affairs who scored six goals.
It is worth mentioning here that when contacted by the government officials of the department, they said that it is true that the department has been established.
The award will be presented by Vice President of India Jagdeep Dhankhar.
Speaking to media, HYC President Bah Roy Kupar Synrem said that the group has sought clarification from the government on the rejection of the MRSSAB,
Although it was a difficult night, the Governor of the state assured the residents that all the works will be completed.
He said it is not useful to talk about the Trinamool Congress (TMC), the new political party, but about these parties that have been in power for the past five years.
The Congress government in the state has been in short supply for several days after Jyotiraditya Scindia, one of the senior leaders of the Congress party, left the party along with 22 others. Speaking to reporters, Nath said, “I have gone forward in my public service with the precious service of my life.
Shillong: The Jalaphet Unit, under the leadership of the Vice President, Bah Phrangsngi Chyrmang, today visited a place in Sutnga District, near the bridge. Syrbang, regarding the danger of the synrang, which contains large stones which can fall at any time and which poses a threat especially to the tourists.
Since they are vacant jobs, the government should collect taxes from these competitions even if it is a small amount.
May God be with you in the new year and may you continue to receive his great blessings.
Speeches were also delivered by Samla Avner Pariat from East Shillong, Bah Danny Langstieh from South Shillong in the presence of VPP leaders and candidates. They include Bah Brighterwell Marbaniang from Mawlai, Dr Ricky Synkon from Umsning and others.
Shillong, Lber: The Border Security Force (BSF) Meghalaya has continued to distribute relief goods to the residents of the border areas. Various projects have been conducted in the border areas of Killapara, West Garo Hills District, as part of the Civic Action Programme.
Therefore, the Health Department of South West Khasi Hills District has invited and urged all parents who have children and children under 5 years of age to vaccinate. join hands with the office by bringing your children to the places organized in the villages for polio vaccination.
The JHADC has a shortage of funds and this has affected the current Executive Committee.
The incident occurred at around 1:30-2 pm.
“We suspected that he (Father) had committed this crime or he might have committed a crime against himself, but we tried to search around the forest but we couldn't find him.
No worker can build alone.
Such gestures are unfounded and unfounded and are like a self-defeating statement.
The Sengkmie Kur Lyngkhoi strongly condemns the murder of a young man named Pynskhemlang Lyngkhoi from Marshilong Village, South West Khasi Hills District.
In this competition, the farmers used only the foods they got from the village and they prepared many kinds of foods which when examined carefully it was found that they contain all the nutrients or binbin needed for the and the body of the man.
PDF Leader Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh on Tuesday visited Nangbah to confirm and welcome Shemhok to the PDF headquarters. The time has come to announce the candidates for the MLA election
Shillong, Jymmang 05 : The Meghalaya Police Department has held a meeting with the owners of hotels to install CCTV cameras inside the grounds of the hotels and to ensure the registration of the guests with ID proof. The meeting was convened by SDPO Sadar Swapnil Pawar, IPS and owners and managers of hotels under Shillong Sadar Police Station.
Eserit Your Wife.
Gradually, those rules of democracy have deteriorated.
SK Lato MPHF President Rotary Club Jowai 2020-2
During the inspection, the MLA and senior officials also inspected the construction of the Aqueduct Channel on the Kench's Trace Road from Bishnupur Taxi Stand including the road connecting it to Bethesda Hospital.
"Cleopas and his companions supposed that their hope was only for the day and that everything was over and over, but as they were walking along and talking, a man whom they did not know And when Peter was come near unto them, he asked what was the matter, and what they were talking about. Are you the only one in Jerusalem who does not know anything about these three days? what happened to Cleopas?
Therefore, the Congress Party, has the intention to resolve the exact boundary between the two Chief Ministers, Dr. Mukul Sangma, said that this talk should be held. It is on the basis of the documents that the governments of Meghalaya and Assam have which show clearly where the border begins and ends and also to resolve the exact border before the celebration of the 50th Anniversary. year of the state of Meghalaya.
The Chairman of the Living Roots Festival, Bah Donborlang Marbaniang, said that the festival was organized in collaboration with the Tourism Department of the State Government as well as the Central Government.
This is sad because we have become a peace-loving nation," Bernard said.
The North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Mookyrdup, Jowai on Saturday launched a Vocational Course in Agriculture to promote agriculture in schools to teach agriculture to children.
Dr Mukul said that if the talks have been going on for many years, there is no problem for the party to allow the government to fulfill the needs.
Revelation 6:9-1
M.Marbaniang HDO, Tea Development Centre, Umsning gave a brief explanation on the growth and development of slasha in the state and how slasha cultivation is going in Meghalaya. and Taiwan prof.
When I look at the current situation of the Government of India, I am afraid and discouraged that at any time it will attack our people as it did in Jammu & Kashmir in 2019, where it has Repeal Article 370 of the Constitution of India, which gives special protection to the state of J&K.
He said that the closure of the National Green Tribunal (NGT) has caused a lot of income loss to the people in East Jaintia Hills District and there are also residents who do not have enough money to go for treatment. to buy medicines and treat diseases.
“This is why we have taken a decision and said that what is done is done but from now on we have to clean up and start afresh with the right rules and any groups that are willing to work together," he added.
The JHDS in collaboration with Khublei Germany, on 12th June inaugurated a new 8 room school at Tome Memorial Higher Secondary School, Mooralong, Jowai.
Da-o-hi-paia Rymbai scored a hat-trick in the last match of Pool H. Da-o-hi-paia scored the following three goals. Deibormame Tongper in the 49th, Chibaitki Pamthied in the 55th and Mebannangkiew Thabah in the 61st minute. .
This refers to a human being whose nature is like a beast.
Valentine's Day is celebrated every year around the world.
However, the Congress in all these two constituencies has been defeated by Bah Lamphrang Blah, who has been an MDC for five terms and is also the leader of the Congress in the District Council (opposition). In Mawkynkneng, Norbert Marboh, who has been with the Congress for 20 years, has left the party. As an Independent, the Congress has nominated Bah Highlander Kharmalki.
This is the best thing in all government departments whether in urban or rural areas.
Khliehriat, Nailur 25 : A landslide has occurred on the National Highway in Sonapur, East Jaintia Hills District today. The Highway Authority of India and the district authorities have cleaned the road by the drivers and passengers.
For then shall be great tribulation, such as was not since the beginning of the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be. Matthew 24:2
The question now is, why when the leaders sit on the seats in the Main Secretariat, they forget about the needs and concerns of the people? Doesn't the Government have the money or are there other reasons why the Government doesn't care about the rural areas or even the urban areas? Even more shocking is the extreme backwardness of the rural villages on the border between Assam and Bangladesh.
In the women's category, the Best Player award went to Nakatchi M Marak of Mrong Mahari, the Best Goalkeeper Award went to Santila M Sangma for the Best Goalkeeper. you've got Meatballs.
“We also want the people to be happy, therefore we urge the government to set up a testing center at Khlieh Iewduh,” said the President of the union, Bah Mitchel Wankhar.
The Shad Lyngdoh begins with the playing of the ksiang, dhah and tangmuri, which is conducted by the musicians from Umru and then the Nohkjat shad, which is the custom. They will start with the dancers from Umsong and then the public dance will start, in which all those who wish can take part.
“I want Maheh Don to win again in Sohiong.
It does not mean that all those who speak Khasi are Khasi because anyone can speak Khasi.
In fact, with the rapid development of information technology, it has become easier and faster to know or announce to the public that the rights and freedoms will be fully reflected in society.
It is understood that Agnes Kharshiing and other women will surrender to the court before being arrested by the police.
He said the number of CHCs, PHCs and other centers is still very low.
Where are the leaders and leaders of the people, when the larger and more intelligent group is long rejected not only by foreigners, but especially by the poor?
““But one thing is clear, if you want to take the property of Bah Ardent, it is good but you should also take the property of your leaders, how many houses there are, and seek me more thoroughly, that the people may know.
East Jaintia Hills has two cases, Ribhoi District has one case, South Garo Hills and South West Garo Hills have one case each.
Shibun said that most of the time the state government cannot use the funds allocated for various projects so many of the funds have been returned to Delhi which cannot be implemented. and there is never a sufficient number.
He said the Government is deeply concerned about the plight of the farmers and especially the kwai farmers who have faced this problem.
Other leaders from other states of India, including MLAs and MPs, Prime Minister Conrad Sangma, Leader of the Opposition, Dr. Mukul Sangma, u The Speaker of the House, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh and many other members recalled the contribution that these leaders have made to the society and the state as a whole during their tenure as Leaders.
* The author is the Union Minister in charge of the Department of Development.
They also contain a lot of phytochemicals that can fight against infections in the body that can lead to chronic diseases.
Therefore, in a statement, the union urges all contractors to refrain from importing foreign workers and to allow the indigenous people first so that it will not endanger the country and the nation. Especially during this time of Covid-19, and once again through this news, the Seng expresses that it will not stand idly by to protect the Bri Hynniewtrep.
During his first visit to Shillong, the Nuncio expressed the uniqueness of Meghalaya in terms of its beauty of nature, presence of crematoria, spirituality, preservation of culture and traditional dances. and said that the Shillong Diocese is blessed, especially with the presence of many believers in Christ.
Furthermore, it is learned that this is not the first time that the company has been involved in the mining industry, but in the past few years, the area has been closed down. of two or three vehicles, because landslides happen frequently especially during the rainy season and the main reason is that the contractors or land owners, only remove the stone to sell elsewhere and they did not clean exactly as required at the time of digging the roads.
Guyana is a very small country with a population of only about 8,00,000 and where all the people speak English.
When people were forced to use the number 666, it meant that the 1000 years were coming.
Speaking to reporters in Shillong, Bah Niman said, “I accept my shortcomings and mistakes and I have been imprisoned for 14 days. I want to make peace with him (Dapoiwanmi Laloo) so that the future work will go smoothly.
It was during his reign that the British agent David Scott in Assam wanted to connect northern Assam with northern Sylhet by asking permission from Syiem Tirot Singh to build a road through Nongkhlaw.
Simon Joseph, Principal of the school, denied the beating and said he did not raise his hand against the teacher.
“Therefore, to expose the illegal activities and corrupt practices of this government, we demand that IIT-Rourkee or any other independent investigation body which has no connection or any collusion with UPRNNL or Badri Rai & Co.
Synsar should be planted only in rai-eh rai-dam, in waste lands and away from fertile and fertile farmland as well as away from the village is created.
The blast occurred between Makhan Store and Viewland Baptist Church, Ukhrul at about 6 pm.
The troops arrested the driver and confiscated the vehicle after he failed to produce proper documents regarding these smuggling garments.
Pastor Moore asked the young man.
“We agree that the BJP contests alone in the elections and does not need to cooperate with others.
Shillong: Two months after the incident, the families of those who were injured in the landslide on the Shillong-Dawki highway in Rngain, have not received any assistance from the state government.
We will try to complete this work by November
However, what is more important and important is to participate in the physical activity – stop driving until you reach the place where you want to try to walk halfway or halfway to reach the where you want to go, try to use and climb the boulders.
It is learned that this woman is often tortured from time to time, because her relatives demand dowri from her father.
The Shillong Chamber Choir will also perform on the occasion and Shillong magician John Lanong will also perform.
The number of births in Japan has fallen sharply in 2022, with 770,747 births this year, while the death toll has risen to 1.57 million. In the year, there were 47,0
“I'm glad I came with an arshaka.
Shillong: The 1st St. Joseph's School Nongtalang Football Tournament 2019-20 has come to an end today, between Turiap FC and Lia Tu Phrang United FC.
The students have taken this step to hold an indefinite strike on the grounds that they have found through RTI that the government has shut down hundreds of jobs in various government departments. without meeting the requirements under the recruitment rules.
In this way, these plants called legumes contain more nitrogen than other plants.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Jaintia Hills civil society groups demanding the release of the report on the shooting death of Mookhep should end their protest.
Shillong, July 9: Many Muslims walking around the market in Iewduh, Shillong, July 9, 2013, were surprised to see that Muslims walking in the market in groups of surprised and I recognize that they are new people in Shillong because of their tone of voice, their lack of knowledge of the way to walk.
“In the coming days, the members of the Regional Committees from both sides will start taking decisions and will prepare a report in a few months,” he added.
“We hope that the Government will introduce a policy because we want there to be a Single Window for this and also a permission so that there will be no barrier when they (Bollywood filmmakers) come to this state. and that their travel ease," he added.
Three Zen, Hyundai and Maruti cars, ATMs, pass books and vehicle license plates, TVs, speakers, tape recorders and two sati were missing.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, has expressed the need for improvement in various sectors in the field of education.
:The construction of the road from Jingkieng Borbasing, Ranikor to Lad Alikwareng has gone smoothly and the contractor and NHIDCL have not believed the order of the Symbud Myntri, Bah Prestone Tynsong. as a 2-lane, and the construction has been as a single lane.
“The government will review this in three categories of schools, namely in government schools and government-aided schools," he added.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the MOTHER Program is one of the sources of hope for more than 3 lakh poor and pregnant women through the implementation of the Chief Minister's Safe Motherhood Scheme. 140 transit homes and vehicles have been implemented to ensure adequate care during childbirth.
The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) has sought the advice of the President of India, Droupadi Murmu for the immediate implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP). the Eighth Schedule of the Constitution and to negotiate peace for the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam.
On the other hand, Bah Hambertus Nongtdu, Secretary Jaintia Coal Miner, said that if the government feels that the foreign coal factories need too much coal to start operating, it should use coal to import into the state.
After the incident, Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA Mawhati, on Saturday visited the victims and helped them with Tin Sopiing. and also with money, so that these people can use it to buy the necessities of the household.
These dignitaries are Doctor P.Lyngkhoi, retired Joint Director of Health Services, Bah Denestar Pariong, retired Police Officer, Babu Genes Thyrniang, retired Police Officer. Tlidingstone Wanniang, former MDC Mawshynrut, JG Rynniaw, former MDC Mawshynrut, retired Junior Engineers and Gramsevaks, Sordars of Nongstoin area, very old women and others.
This is after the Government has decided to revise the price of baikit according to the Notification issued on 13.02.2020, in which a new Notification dated
The MLA of Ampati also asked whether it is appropriate to appoint these consultants or whether there is anything in the rules of foreign assistance projects that requires them to be appointed. that Consultant.
“We are pleased with the progress of the Umtrew Project through the work and commitment of the MeECL engineers,” he said.
“I firmly believe that this policy of the government has affected the state and you can see how the state has affected in the last 7-8 years.
However, it happened suddenly that the young employee was appointed by a government employee.
Also present on the occasion was the MLA of the area, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, Education Minister of the State Government. the elders and the people of the village who came to celebrate.
The price of Non-NFSA rice shall not exceed Rs.14/- per kg.
Replying to a question whether the Meghalaya government will follow the example of the Mizoram government in implementing the Total Lockdown after the increasing number of cases of corona virus in the state, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, u Symbud Myntri Rangbah, u He said that the Meghalaya government does not need to follow the example of the Mizoram government as the Meghalaya government has strengthened the measures to curb the spread of the corona virus in the state.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia District has expressed its deep sorrow over the failure of the police of East and West Jaintia Hills Districts to curb illegal trafficking and seize vehicles carrying illegal goods on the Amlarem-Muktapur road. , Dawki and Northern Ireland.
Bah Andrew also expressed his gratitude to the family and loved ones for being able to hold this tournament in memory of his father, saying that as a family , she feels debt and cannot repay the kindness of the people to her family and to her father, who is through their love and support that his father, has been able to He was an MDC, MLA and reached the rank of Prime Minister during his lifetime.
Shillong, March 29: The Anti-Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) East Khasi Hills District has arrested another drug trafficker in connection with the arrest of two drug traffickers on the 24th of this month. Sinner.
Bah Ronnie said that to rehabilitate those who are addicted to drugs, they need to be cleansed from their bodies and then they can be taken to a place of rehabilitation. center).
In collaboration with the Mawlynnong Tourist Society, a nightclub has been opened and there are 7 tourist attractions in the village, including the house, the viewpoint, the mawsakhi, the mawtupia and the ramhah. , the sky view and the road.
No. 84150-47619.
The MBOSE has sent correction to the teachers who have not completed their B Ed.
The Court recently directed the State Government to resolve the issue as soon as possible as it has not been able to resolve the dispute between it and the complainants through the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC).
If you think that only your muscles have an important role in doing those push-ups or that exercise by lying down and try to lift your body more often by standing up that kti- but you are wrong.
Every day of the Sohra market, there is a shooting, which is the color of the Khasi and this shooting is held between the Sohra and the Mawsmai.
Therefore, on behalf of the KJP Synod Sepngi, we request everyone to join us in this Food Fest cum Sales of Work for this good cause.
Furthermore, PHCs and CHCs do not have enough medicines and the salary of ASHAs has not been increased.
“The WJDSA is concerned about the situation in the State in the fight against COVID-19 and to join hands with the State Government in the fight against COVID-19, the Union has decided to donate to the CMRF,” said Ma. Slowly OO More.
The presence of old pipes and dew ktieh at the bottom of the crematorium has made it difficult for the Navy troops to demolish the crematorium.
I will pay the money to their families,” said the Shiv Sena leader in a video.
The fare for all vehicles will remain the same as before the outbreak of covid-19 and this will be implemented from now on, the report said. and U Commissioner & Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Transport Department.
She expressed her satisfaction with the inauguration of many development projects and hoped that this will boost the economic development of the state and bring about economic development for all.
Because this road still does not have enough space to clean the colour, besides the old cleaning is still small, but the contractor is still reducing it.
Meanwhile, the match between Laitlulong Sports Club and Lamlynti Sports Club (Sohiong) ended in a draw.
In terms of points from all matches, the Red House has 90 points, the Green House has 78 points, the Blue House has 76 points and the Yellow House has 71 points.
In this regard, Titos said the party has enough candidates to contest the election and will look at those who have worked well in the last four years and especially the people who have He has seen the work of the EC in KHADC under his leadership as CEM until they are completely removed from office.
On the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP), Ernest said, “We have discussed this issue and Nadda has said that he will discuss this with the Minister in charge of Labour. Amit Shah's Union Government.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has urged the people of Meghalaya to be vigilant against the influx of Muslims into the state due to the conflict in Assam.
Speaking to reporters, the CEM of KHADC and Vice President of the HSPDP, Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, said that the HSPDP has not had any discussion on the issue. He said that the party has not set an agenda to discuss the issue at the CEC meeting.
According to the College authorities, the opening of the Library Rook is part of the efforts to help the students to access information on various books for education especially in the field of education. those young people who spend time learning about other things about the past and about the present.
The 16-member ECI team's visit is to prepare for the upcoming elections in Tripura, Meghalaya and Nagaland this year.
To intimidate victims, these scammers also threaten to arrest in many cases.
Law enforcement authorities such as the police who have the right to investigate incidents can better explain why those perpetrators are brave or reluctant to commit crimes.
They also discussed the need to join hands in the upcoming elections in 2023, but on clear and fair grounds.
Namsai SP DW Thungon said that Dinesh Sharma, an employee of a petrol station in Chongkham village, was released by suspected armed group members. on Tuesday at Wakro Circle, Lohit District.
This is the responsibility of the leader.
It was when both sides were expecting that the match would end in a 3-3 draw that Malcom scored the most important goal and beat Messi and whole group in the 88th minute.
Shillong, July 24: The Sohra Block Congress Committee (BNC) on Tuesday said that it has not removed the ticket of one of the independent candidates from Sohra, Bah Rangphlang Khongwet. I am from the Congress party and am not a member of the Congress.
“What they are afraid of is that the elections are approaching, we don't know how these three demands will be met or not, how much to run the factory, the assistance money for employees and those for friends who want to leave will still work or not.
In the Autocross Open category, Gareth won the first prize, Bah Mihsalan came third and William Lalmalsaura came second.
The 400 years were the years when the Prophets did not proclaim anything else.
“We will welcome the NPP supporters of Bah Donkupar Massar and the BJP on 18th November at Nongnah,” said Bah Pius.
He said that there are many criticisms but as the government we will continue to work for the welfare of the state as a whole by bringing about change in the coming days.
If you don't agree with the veto, you can veto (Khasi I don't agree with 15 people) and go to Ukraine.
It is worth mentioning that there has been a dispute within the Nongkhlaw Kur in the past few days over the post of Minister in which there has been a group that wants the post of Minister to be held by any person who It is from the Nongkhlaw clan that he will win the ministerial election.
He said that the mother of the child was found among the 8 households sent by the Shnong for testing and now the child who belongs to the Garo community is a housekeeper in Lumshyiap. The child was taken away by the police and is undergoing treatment at the hospital.
Colombia came sixth and Venezuela fifth.
And she shall bring forth a son, and thou shalt call his name JESUS: FOR HE SHALL SAVE MEN FROM THEIR SINS Matthew 1:20-2
Police also recovered T.2,200 in cash and two mobile phones.
The report also said that the athlete failed to pass the test after her sample was found to contain the drug banned by WADA, Drostanolone Metabolite.
Imphal didn't score a goal until the end of the first minute despite trying their best to win the match.
Shillong: Leaders of the ASHA Workers Association (ASHA) in Lum Garo Hills District today held a meeting to discuss the strike. in Lum Garo in collaboration with the All Garo Hills ASHA Workers Union to show that they are united and stand firm on the same basis to demand their rights from the government.
Shillong, March 12: U Minister in charge of Road Construction, Martin M Danggo, together with officials of the Shillong Department, on Tuesday inspected the Shillong-Nongstoin-Tura road. Rangskhen is located in Williamnagar.
The Temple authorities have also informed that such incidents have happened many times.
After a while, he returned with some villagers, shouted against the BSF troops and shot a video to insult the army.
The Minister said this while inspecting the site for the construction of the mini secretariat in Jowai at the ground floor of North Jowai Division on Saturday.
There will be competitions in various categories, from the children under 13, 15, 17, and 19 including the Senior category for women and men.
The MLA also criticized the MUA II government led by Dr. Mukul Sangma for not addressing any issues especially the ban on coal. In May, 2016, after the Association of Nongstoin Hima lodged a complaint with the SC, the Congress-led government at that time did not give its full support to the MUAII government in an affidavit. The Supreme Court has issued a statement saying “It is true that the land belongs to the private sector” in which this statement has confused the SC by not telling the truth.
“However, the attitude and concern of the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma shows that he is thinking only of the armed groups in Garo Hills,” he said.
In many cases of violence against women, it is found that the perpetrators are people who have been addicted to alcoholic beverages such as alcohol or various types of drugs.
When asked how he brought only 10 pela when there were three of us in the house, Shabong said that it was still the day of fasting and they had not eaten anything.
These slasha farmland are located on the border with Assam and if the JHADC cannot implement these land, the KSU has demanded that these land should be returned to the villages which have been donated in the past.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22 : The President of the National People's Party (NPP) in Meghalaya, Dr Kharlukhi, has strongly criticized the MLA of North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum. It is because he has shown pride in not only himself but also the constituency he serves.
He said that during the shortage of water, the electricity is taken from outside, while during the rainy season, the electricity is returned to the farmers. The companies which supply electricity to the state at the time of need and now, have stopped operating and have purchased electricity from foreign companies. If you don't have MeECL, you don't have any more water.
There are about 1.5 lakh vehicles registered in East Khasi Hills and 80 percent of them travel daily.
He said that if the State Government directs the Dorbar Shnong to collect the names of all the residents who sell land, the Dorbar Shnong is ready to cooperate with the Government on this issue.
Mookymphad Mihmyntdu won 1-0 against Iooksi Youth Welfare.
He also alleged that the BSF said it was a duplicate permit.
He said that the BJP is a party that has been accepted by the people of the state because it speaks out against corruption in the state government.
The report was submitted to the MSPCB, although the findings were not satisfactory, the report was rejected and the college did not do it by the authority of the government but voluntarily. those who sum ud the prurum.
Shillong: The Tylli Lang SHG Namdong-A in collaboration with the Nehru Yuva Kendra Jowai (NYKS) has conducted a three month training on how to Mushroom Cultivation in Namdong Village – A. This program was attended by the youth of the village and the training was given by Bah F Langlein Cluster Coordinator Farmer North East. started on the 16th of January and ended on the 16th of November.
One of the things that the government has seen is the shortage of IAS officers in the state and the government has written to the central government to separate the IAS cadre from the state so that Meghalaya can have its own IAS officers. it is now part of the state of Assam.
Process said that from time to time there has been a border crossing on the Assam side, while Meghalaya has never crossed the border.
All four teams have already reached the semifinals but have played only for the top spot.
A total of 32 teams took part in the tournament, which came from all over the country.
As a coach I see the guys starting to pick up new techniques.
In Kerala, in 2020, Hinduism was the largest religion with 47% of the total conversions.
After this, there will be an exhibition football match between Officers FC against MLA FC at MFA Turf, Polo Grounds, Shillong at 5:00 pm. night.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has said that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to collect the documents and land titles before the settlement of the border between Assam and Meghalaya. , Bah Titosstarwell Chyne today convened a meeting of the Boundary Committee.
Regarding the appointment of teachers and the permission to write two exams in training, the union demands that the government should cancel it immediately, as it affects other teachers. and to the school children.
The tournament will end today, July 2, with 850 students from all 12 districts of the state.
Remember that the person who posted the Khasi actor in his comments and you are sure that 100% of them will not fall into the trap.
“We have submitted all the requirements to MUDA for the permit.
Nongstoiñ: Several Meghalaya Police personnel in Malangkona village have started staying overnight inside the village after the refugees from the Sildubi shelter have not returned to their villages. Huhuapara since yesterday evening.
Hame Shaniah Suïam from the Kickboxing Association urged the Youth Policy to look into the mental health of the youth so that they can avoid suicide. He also urged that every CHC and PHC should have their own counseling centers for the youth.
The Convener thanked all the members who have the spirit to help the poor in this difficult time.
Sanbor Shullai BJP, who in March vowed to leave the BJP if it does not pass the CAB. In April, he became a BJP candidate and said that if he wins, he will become a son. Finally, the BJP, that it can better help the people.
The High Court of Meghalaya has given two months to the JHADC to file an affidavit on the non-implementation of its decision to release the salaries of JHADC employees within six months. , that is from October 2023.
D (NEHU) Dr. Bamonlang.
She said that she had gone to talk to them and had contacted these leaders to get their cooperation but these leaders were far away from her and the party.
TSA Article 4(e) is an Association of Multi Sports Activities and affiliated with other Sports Associations, not only with the MFA and also regulates sports items such as Cricket, Athletics, Badminton, Volleyball Football etc. and participated in Jaintia Hills District, Shillong, Garo Hills and elsewhere.
The NSS Unit of Jaintia Eastern College, Khliehriat, on Monday celebrated the World Environment Day.
“We have made it clear that the government is ready to find ways and means to resolve this issue which has been pending for a long time and it is the first government to take action even though it has not. “It's easy, but the government has taken this seriously and we will be ready to talk to these people,” he said.
The purpose is to see if the district councils are sufficient and able to carry out the task of empowering the village authorities,” he said.
When counting the total number of resolutions that passed, he said that only 10% passed.
Every news item contains information that is not available.
Post Name:- Statistical AssistantNo of posts:- 1Department:- Directorate of A.H.& Veterinary, Meghalaya, Shillong.
However, she understood that team vendors should not use the same license for two or three team shops.
This young patient has been suffering from severe respiratory illness for five months.
Shillong: A 12-year-old girl named Jasmine Thongni has lost her life after an earthquake struck her house at Madanrting, Mawblei this morning.
"A country like India has more than 260 ethnic groups and languages ​​spoken," he said.
Pyndengrei beat Sawlad 4-0 on Friday at the NDSA Stadium in Nongpyndeng.
These leaders found that hundreds of thousands of trees had been bombed and said that the incident was committed by a high security policeman or forest guard, because he did not want to take anything. to build a house on this land.
Lamba also criticized the BJP's slogan 'Beti Bachao Beti Padao' by saying that the BJP doesn't protect women but gives tickets to the accused. “A man known to run a brothel in Meghalaya, who had to flee to Uttar Pradesh, has been arrested and imprisoned instead of being removed from “You have given him a ticket to contest the election from the BJP,” said Lamba.
The complaint that the CAA is against the Constitution, the CAA Act 2019 and the implementation of the CAA 2019 which was notified on /order of the Central Government issued as follows, GSR 686 (E) dated 7.9.2015, GSR 702(E) dated 18.7.2016 and GSR 703 (E) dated
Dubakh 'A' beat Chiiiñ BC 53-35 points and Hame Kharsyntiew was named Man of the Match.
Similarly, when Conte was in charge of other clubs in previous years, he won two league trophies in his three seasons as manager of Juventus, Chelsea and Inter Milan, but he has not been able to end Tottenham's 15-year wait for defeat and win the title. thong victory in the lympung.
There are more than 14,475,000 teachers teaching in 4,700,000 Ad Hoc and Deficit Pattern schools in the state.
“Instead of finding ways and means to help the youth to stand on their own feet and to teach, the government has not made any such efforts and many of them look to government jobs as a way to finally what they're hoping for, but like I said more and more people applying makes it likely," he said.
There were 21 people on board and 15 of them were Indians and all of them were released.
He said that about 1391 Home Guard Volunteers have been trained.
The total cost of the project is 45 crore 79 lakh 99 thousand tyngka.
They should also be good examples in language, manners and work rather than just making a name for themselves in the history of future generations.
And this is because of the Great Love of God and our Lord Jesus Christ.
The number of cases of Covid-19 in the United States rose by 69,000 a day on Tuesday, the sharpest increase in the past three days.
However, even though this flood was less than the 2020 flood, the speed of the flood caused the water to flow fast and strong.
He said that the Director of the company had come to meet him to apply for another license for the renewal of the licence, but the Dorbar Shnong did not allow him to do so. They have been cleaning for only three months and the village has also appointed a team of inquiry to monitor the progress of the cleaning.
All three missions will be implemented during the term of the 15th Finance Commission from 2021-22 to 2025-2
Yes, in today's society, there are no more new nations as some political parties or individuals think.
The government of Hemant Soren has decided to implement the illegal appointment of the Jharkhand government which was rejected by the Jharkhand High Court. with 75 per cent employment opportunities for local companies in the year
If the people by their ballot papers show that they truly accept the Autonomous State, then these Rangbah have been able to move forward and speak boldly that the people want the Autonomous State.
In the men's category, Shillong Labet beat ONYX Major by 62-57 baskets to win the title.
"The WEP, which is included in the NITI Aayog, and is now being implemented between the Government and the private sector, is one place where women can get information and explanations on and women to start their own businesses, this provides information on many topics including the comparison based on government schemes and private sector initiatives, based on knowledge, place to known as a public platform, assistance as a guide and development in all aspects.
Similarly, the schools which receive adhoc grants should not be awarded only to those schools which have served for 20 or 25 years while the number of students is small.
If the state government fails to meet the demands of the Forum, the SCCCOMDF will appeal to the NGT. .
At the same time, this approach also encourages interoperability and co-development of solutions based on relatively low-cost open-source tools.
Khyriem said the Sengbhalang will also release the documents they have prepared to submit to the government on the need to implement the ILP in the state.
Do we teach good teachers only in schools, during elections and allow them to do whatever they want? Politics is also a school.
The ANTF received a tip on 20th November 2019 at 9:30 pm that a man named Bah Pinak Das was planning to smuggle Yaba to Shillong.
Jowai, 22nd November: Two cows of the Training Institute have been stolen from the stairs on the night of 14th November
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Wapung Unit has awarded 31 students who passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC examinations with the 2nd Maitshaphrang Academic Award 2021 to encourage them in their studies on the 20th of this month. moon.
JOWAI: The violence by the Assam Forest Department officers in Khanduli village continues and it is alleged that these officers also attacked the people on Monday.
In the women's double, Diva Tang and Badaaihun Diengdoh won gold, Diana Lyngdoh and Deborah R Marak won silver and Rhidhima Choudhary and Maanya Kaur won bronze.
The Minister explained the needs of the health centers in this regard.
“The Waheh Shnongs are saddened to learn that the Chief Minister as Head of Government has refused to meet the ECC even after appointments have been set from time to time to discuss the collapse of the Coke factories. ECC Publicity Secretary Mehiwot Shadap said in a statement.
The Skill Training Program for Electrical Domestic Solutions and General Plumbers or Light and Electrical Repairers under the MSSDS has started at Bosco Pnar Multipurpose Vocational Training Centre, Salini Colony, Mihn Colony. .
Shillong, Jymmang 9: The EAC of West Garo Hills District, Labenn Ch Marak, has resigned from his post as he intends to contest the 2018 MLA elections.
The M/s Halari Coke Plant was inaugurated at 12:00 pm while the Shauryansi Coke Plant, Wah Samsier was inaugurated at 3:30 pm.
He said that the Council should think twice about this decision and should bring about a clean and transparent working method and a quickness to meet to resolve these issues.
On the demand of the Opposition to reconsider the social demarcation, the Chief Minister of Assam said that the two states should no longer take over the issue.
The match will start at 9.00 pm and will be divided into two parts.
He said that if the government really wants to resolve this, it should invite the Voice of the People's Party (VPP) to discuss the reservation policy and that is the way.
In fact, those who use their own vehicles to get medicines have helped to alleviate the government's shortage of ambulances especially at this time of crisis. The lockdown did not mean to set op people in prison but to free people from the disease.
About 16 districts of Assam are still affected by the floods.
These trainings also witnessed the full participation of the residents who also received training on how to protect themselves and others in the event of natural disasters.
UDP leaders who left for Lum Garo include Titos Chyne, MLA Sohra, Dr Jemino Mawthoh MLA Nongthymmai and Allan F Dkhar General Secretary. Various leaders of the party as well as candidates from East, North and West Garo Hills who will contest the election.
Amlarem, July 14: The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply) of Amlarem Sub-Division has announced the distribution of NFSA (AAY, PHH) and Non-NFSA ration for the month of July. , 2023 has been released in Fair Price Shop stores until July 15,
“There will be no illegal mining of coal if there is no illegal trade and it is easy for the police to arrest the trucks carrying coal on the road and arrest those involved if they really take action. by the government," said the court.
Therefore, the HYC demands to amend the MRSSA 2016 to monitor the entry and exit of people in the state,” he said.
Other departments with the highest allocation are the Forest Department, which has allocated T.50.37 crore from plan and non-plan, Revenue and Finance T.41.16 crore from non-plan and General Administration T. 13.84 crore from the plan.
The arrest of this man was made after receiving a complaint from a woman (anonymous) from a village in West Khasi Hills regarding the rape of a woman. i-jot my son to a man.
When asked how many years it will take to complete all the works, Bah KK Mawa SE, PWD (Building) Shillong said it will depend on the government whether it will sanction the revised estimate. The PWD department will prepare and send a new revised estimate for the Nongstoin District Jail to the government this year.
Therefore in all these things we must be content, even if we suffer, because the Lord has prepared something better for our lives.
In the first innings, Bharat Gurung (1/13) took the first wicket and Raghav Magotra (1/36) took the second wicket by a catch out by Marpna. Odisha's third wicketkeeper was bowled out for a run out by Mylliemngap.
Nongpoh, Nailar 22: The HITO Ri-Bhoi District has expressed its strong opposition to the return of Raja Brahma to Ri-Bhoi District after his temporary transfer. However, the government officer has received a lot of support especially from the village leaders such as the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of the Border Area.
“The Assembly building was constructed by a company owned by the Government of Uttar Pradesh.
Students of Don Bosco School in Harlibagan, Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi District, have faced a problem after they complained that a nearby factory produces a smelly smoke which also pollutes the air.
On Monday, two new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, bringing the total number of active cases in the state to
These office bearers of the RBYF Mawtnum Unit include Peacemaker Makri as President, Alberto Nongsiej, Vice President, Rijied Nongkling General Secretary and others.
They alleged that the statement of the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma is just a release of information saying that he too knows that the ILP is the best.
India showed their skills on the second day of the Asian Games 2023 by winning two gold medals in Hangzhou, China.
Government sources said that about 200 Meghalaya students studying in Manipur are still stranded in the state.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma on Tuesday inspected the ongoing construction of the new Legislative Assembly at Mawdiangdiang, New Shillong Township.
Shillong, June 04: The President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU), Bah Lambokstar Marngar on Tuesday said that the Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday expressed its opposition to the government's introduction of the Roster System. 1972 and understood that if the government turns back until 1972, the KSU will not refuse to take part in this issue.
The woman sent the money, after which the man identified as Morgan and the head of the Customs Department ended the conversation with her, and she understood that she had tricked and thanked, police officials said.
The Minister also informed that the linking of Aadhar with ration card can be done online as well as by bringing the documents (xerox copies of aadhar card of the head of household and xerox copy of bank passbook), to the place where ration is issued.
“Our hopes are good because according to the survey, there are 40 constituencies of which 22 are expected to win,” said Bah Hek.
The Chief Minister said that there may be some confusion within the party but the party has its own strategy to overcome all these issues. “Here we have to fulfill the promises we have made to the people, when I say 'we' I mean the whole group,” he said.
He wants to listen and see how different it is in the countryside and the city.
As part of the awareness campaign among the students, an information competition was also held through Kong Tracy Kharkamni, State Coordinator, followed by the taking of an oath for the eradication of TB by the students.
Paint is just light.
He also said that for a while he had a rich son, who said that he wanted to do good to the poor because God had blessed his house. Those leaders say that when a person helps, you have to support him, when a person does good, you have to think.
Speaking on the upcoming election 2023, from this constituency, the parties which have become more prominent and which have confirmed that the candidates will contest and which have also started to strengthen the party. The NPP, PDF, INC, HSPDP and UDP and other parties have not yet appeared and even today it is not clear which of these parties has won the election. The campaign for support from the people through the candidates is still going on and has not yet become public.
The march started from Wahlyngkhat at 8 pm.
The Supreme Court on Tuesday strongly criticized the Government of India for its strict rules in the fight against covid 19 in the country. whole.
Mawtari Myrdon Church, initially founded by only 11 people, but now it has become one of the largest churches and has produced 3 Pastors, 9 Elders Basan, then the Elders, more than 700 members of the Church.
Kynjatshai lodged a complaint at Lumdiengjri Police Station and police have registered a case and are conducting investigation.
“The case has been dismissed and the accused will be released under Section 232 of the Criminal Procedure Code.
The doctor said that it is very difficult for him to provide time for treatment and to lead various meetings including various trainings which are held from time to time because when he goes to meetings Patients who come every day to seek treatment at this hospital, especially on market days when people from far away come for treatment and medicine from this hospital, have to be left behind.
They went up to the choir, grabbed the microphones and forced the singers to shout “Jai Shree Ram”.
We, the KYNRAD, shall be wise in the languages ​​of the wise who are only our SERVANTS.
The leader of the Torajan group, Eric Crystal Rante Allo, said that for others who do not sleep, it is a shame, but for them, they believe that the dead are among them. They live together and look after their daily work and travel.
The prizes are: 1st Prize – Shiphew Thousand Rupees + Trophy; 2nd Prize – Six Thousand Rupees + Trophy; and 3rd Prize – Four Thousand Rupees + Trophy.
Mawlai SC will play against Langsning FC in Group A, Shillong Zone at 3pm.
In East Jaintia Hills, there are 8 cases including one high risk and 7 cases of ILI.
Traditional groups such as Durbar Shnongs in Meghalaya play an important role in the society and economy of Meghalaya, in terms of environmental conservation and training on how to sustain.
It is pleasant to share happiness and smile with others, many of us don't know but in fact it improves one's health.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The Kur Thangkhiew Dorbar has decided to lodge a complaint with the law authorities against a senior member of the Kur Asirshon Thangkhiew for allegedly illegally cutting down trees from the Kur Thangkhiew. The forest was known as Wah Pomdngiem without the knowledge of the Thang Khiew clan.
“It is now up to the Governor whether to accept or reject the desire to implement the new constituency division in the MDC elections,” the newspaper said.
Jowai March 09: 7-Wasa United have become the winners of the 14th U Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy Super Division Football Tournament-2022, organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA). on Saturday, 8th March at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, North East Jowai.
“MSAM will also help to develop fish farmers, to conserve fish through fish sanctuaries and others,” she said.
He said that besides the Focus programme, which has been running for a year and a half, the government has implemented the FOCUS Plus programme. personal accounts of those members of the group in order to support the farmers through this programme.
These villages include Gorubondha, Besimari, Dewanbeel, Borgorang, Bangelila, Kotrabari and Shantibeel and they want to join the West Khasi Hills district of Meghalaya.
Earlier, the Minister said that the Prison Department has registered a criminal case against three employees of the jail including Rajesh Swer (Head Warden), Champmilan Kynjing (Warder), Damelahun Sun (Temporary Warder). ), Warder and Alexier Lawtam for the escape of these prisoners from jail.
Speaking to reporters at the FKJGP Langpih Area Unit, Bah Serbilin Lyngdoh, President of the FKJGP Langpih Area Unit, said that the Chairman of the Regional Committee on Border Dispute should invite the Hima rulers and the FKJGP Langpih Area Unit. Rangbah Shnong, at the time of the discussion.
The holding of elections once every five years, which differs from one state to another, is not good but it has caused deterioration in development works in the country and the state as well. The government has to spend crores of rupees to conduct a smooth election, equipment and security personnel and many others. expenses.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: Last year, there was an allegation of corruption at the Monolith Festival held at Mawphlang and for this reason, the KHADC has suspended it. The festival will be held until the investigation is completed.
“Let's go and make a mobile phone here in the new shop,” said Miss Lyngdoh to her fellow teacher.
He said that the group has the desire to develop the fisheries industry in the state, because if the people in the state turn their attention to the fisheries industry, it will be of great benefit to the The state as a whole and the money spent on the purchase of foreign goods, shall not go abroad, but shall remain within the state and shall be a blessing to the state as a whole.
“Dr Mukul Sangma has personally called me and said that the Civil Sub-Division will be opened in June,” said Witting Mawsor.
He said KHNAM will also demand that Article 12A of the Sixth Scheduled should be amended to strengthen the powers of the district council.
“Vidyasagar has been working to improve the education system in Bengal for 100 years but Partha Chatterjee has planned to bring backwards in this regard for 100 years. .
Other quarrying sites include Lumshnong, Ichamati, Mawlong, Nongtrai, Lafarge Factory, Borsora and others.
Imphal: The campaign of the Congress candidate for the Outer Manipur Lok Sabha constituency has been disrupted by insurgents for two days in Ukhrul district of Manipur on the border with Myanmar.
The people themselves should watch and evaluate the performance of the MDA Government so that they can count and answer in 2023 when the election period comes every five years.
The KSU strongly condemns the BSF troops who have attacked the illegal immigrants from time to time, while the Bangladeshis who have stolen and committed various crimes have not been arrested.
The funeral service will be held on the 31st of this month at 1 pm from his home and from there he will be taken to the Government Crematorium in Upper Mawprem.
“The water level in Umïam has been very low and the water level is only 3.170 feet and if it drops by 5 feet it will be a problem for us,” said Mondal. .
Kemei Elijah Kipruto of Kenya and K. Bikram Meitei of India finished in 01:05:33 and 01:0 :41.
“I am very happy to be elected as the Chief Minister of Maharashtra once again.
“Why are the roads and bridges in Meghalaya collapsing, Conrad,” said the AITC in a statement sent by the IPAC. “It is no longer new that roads in Meghalaya are collapsing.
In Delhi, the price will be T.63.33 per liter from T.64.24 per litre, while in Mumbai, the price will be T.70.95 per litre.
We want to keep the reservation forever; We are not ashamed to do so even after 50 years of independence, but a world without reception will come.
According to the Minister, the Social Welfare Department has prepared well and once the money is received, those who deserve it will be released.
“We have heard that in 2016-17, the central government has earned Rs 2.7 lakh crore from petrol tax alone.
Kenny Wann was awarded the Man of the Match award in the final and the Man of the Series award was shared between Vishal Ban Ranjit and The Best Bowler award went to Sanvert Kurkalang, who took 13 wickets in all the matches.
This news reached the ears of Mon, the Bor Dolloi of Nyrtiang, and his close friend, Long Sutnga, who came to tell Lieutenant Sadlier when I (Lt.E.A. Walcot) still had a lot of work to do to capture the grain from the enemy.
There were reasons, reasons, and circumstances in England that led Robert Raikes to start the Revelation School.
He said the party has decided to sit in opposition and has already held talks with AICC officials in Delhi on this.
Bah Pyniaid was also accompanied by thousands of supporters on the last day to register their names.
It can also be said that the team has been able to score this point because it has never failed to score a goal in all the matches of the first round of this season.
It is a serious health hazard if you do not misuse drinking or cleaning in this river because in 2007 when the first occurred the color of the water and the death of thousands of fish, the authorities KSU Narpuh Circle General Secretary S.Bamon said in a statement that the KSU Narpuh Circle has issued a ban on the use of it.
Replying to a question why the Government does not provide the same benefits as given under the Industrial Policy to the farmers, the Minister said, “The reason is that the farmers are farmers and an industry is an industry by definitions and as such, can never be confused".
The rally was conducted by the Mawlangsu Area Women's Union and the Khasi Students Union Mawthad Raishan Circle in the presence of Theilin Phanbuh, Chair Person, Meghalaya State Commission for Women, Joint Secretary TT Swer. The Shillong Women's Association, the Mawlangsu Area Union of Village Authorities, the FKJP Malangsu Unit, members of the North East Network (NEN), the New Nongstoin Women's Union, and others.
These districts and sub-divisions which have been created in these years are still in short supply because they have not been functioning until today.
The clear message to the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of India is that they should not ignore the voice of the people and should not overreact to their concerns.
He said he would talk to the CEM of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council to pass a bill like the one passed by the KHADC to prevent the threat to the community from the marriage of non-Khasis.
Babiangshisha Kharbuli of St Anthony's College with 593 marks or 74.13 percent, followed by Gratic Embok Dkhar of St Anthony's College with 575 marks or 71.88 percent. 573 marks lane 71.63 percent by St Edmunds College, Shillong.
During their infancy and childhood and when they get stomach illnesses, nowadays, we give our children Gripe Water.
The National Commission for the Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) wants these Christian schools to fully implement the Act, so that those poor children should have the opportunity to attend school. Primary.
In this incident, there was a clash between the Sengbhalang leaders and the magistrates as well as the police.
To determine the male chromosome, the X and Y chromosomes appear. The female has both X and X chromosomes.
Loompyrdi Iongpiah, Jowai invites and welcomes everyone to attend the fete of the village so that the good intentions of the village will be successful.
Today, at 7 pm, these 10 couples will be photographed in front of the photographers and will also speak to the media.
It is through the availability of special subjects that as a nation, we can continue to produce more heroes, swordsmen and intellectuals who will fight for the preservation and preservation of our unique identity as a nation. nation.
The Chairman of the PDF, who is also the former CEM of KHADC, said that even the Commission has suggested that the Central Government should think more about strengthening the powers under Article 275(1) by increasing the number of their share so that they will be equal to other states.
The opening of the sign board is a sign of the non-compliance with the Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) signed between the two states. Rangbah of the two states without the strong consent of the people of the state.
There are 7 recoveries from the disease.
The police and the Assam government also harass and encourage the Khar Nepalis and other foreigners to attack our Khasi.
Nilesh Kumar Agarwal, District Governor RID-3240 at a meeting held at Infinity Conference Hall, Mooralong.
The Tourism Department of the State Government has allocated T.1 crore to hold the meeting in different parts of the world and to bring together all the Mizo people.
Mizoram won the toss and elected to bat first, but Thakuria managed to block and become a threat to the opposition players by scoring 5/58 in his 17.1 overs.
Shillong: Seven persons were arrested by BSF personnel in Baghmara, South Garo Hills on the 17th of this month.
Another senior officer of the GSI, has returned to Meghalaya, on 29th July 2020 and is in quarantine at the GSI headquarters, Lummawrie along with three officers of the department. .
In the middle of the opening ceremony, Janice Pariat and Cheryl Rynjah, who said, “All the light in the sky.
Before the meeting, there was a Bible reading and prayer by Pastor E.
Ilasiewdor Gashnga, Program Coordinator Skill Training of SURE, said that although she is a War, when she looked at the food that the trainees came to distribute on this day, many of them were also War. im tip never seen.
Speaking to reporters, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Sanjay Goyal, said that a team of inquiry has been set up by the Magistrates to verify the allegation that some people were sitting in the area. They are from Bangladesh.
However, the question is why the government has not invited them to come and work with the government to provide staff in the Corona Care and even in the Community Isolation Centres. who are fighting hard to cure the sick especially those who have suffered from this disease.
However, in the last few years, there have been no more disputes, although there have been some disputes regarding the border crossing which alleged that some areas should be included in the Greater Garo Land.
The incident has shocked the people in East and West Jaintia Hills especially women and children.
He alleged that the publication on the report card and the work does not match at all because the works are incomplete or nothing.
Shillong, Nailur 13 : Marqueenless Ramsiej has won the gold medal in the 33rd East Zone Junior National Athletics Championship 2022 from Meghalaya. 5000mts U-20 Women's Race.
Used pads such as diapers, sanitary pads etc. should be packed in plastic bags obtained from the manufacturer or from the manufacturer or packed and stored. preferably in specialized containers for disposing of dry materials or non-perishable materials.
The temperature will be 83 degrees in the morning and 72 degrees in the evening.
However, the victory of Langsning today has kept Langsning in the same position.
The authority should no longer be given to the Kñi or the Rangbah Kur alone because it has been found that the Rangbah Kur or Kñi takes advantage of this task when he has the authority to do it alone.
S.Passah, CFO of Blah and Head of Dept.
The Book of Psalms David says: “That we have recounted our years as a mere tale.
On the other hand, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit said that the party will soon announce the party's agenda but before that they will release the vision document of the party in the next few days.
AH Scott Lyngdoh represented Jaïaw Constituency twice, between 1993 and 2003, and retired from the government in 1987 as Chairman of Delhi Agriculture Marketing. Board.
Their health is not affected if they eat any meat, but they should not eat on the street,” said Ghosh.
On the other hand, Dr. Sangma said that the party did not consult him at the time of the appointment of Bah Pala.
MCS, BDO Mawkyrwat C&RD Block said that the Painting Competition was held as part of the International Water Conclave 2024, and to raise awareness among the participants on the importance of water conservation. and the nature.
He said that as human beings we should be strong and be ready to forgive each other in any map for the benefit of the community.
All the tombs of the kings of the world, the Pharaoh of Egypt, the Caesars of Rome, the kings of India, the kings of France are not as empty as the tomb of Jesus even if there were guards to guard it. to look carefully at the time of the burial except for the tomb of Jesus and this was confirmed by Jesus' own words which said, “I WILL DESTROY THE TEMPLE AND IN THREE DAYS I WILL RAISE IT AGAIN” (John 2:18). ).
The Minister said that an investigation is ongoing to find out more facts.
“This situation has happened even after six months of conflict but no peace has been restored which clearly shows the failure of the Government of India to take action to end this conflict in the country. “It has resulted in the deaths of many people, the damage to the property of the residents and the future of the children and students,” he said.
There are currently 7.02 lakh cases and 2.88 crore recoveries.
Does the Govt really care and protect other ethnic groups? Neither for the rich nor for the poor.
He added that all the members of the congregation should take care of their cleanliness when they come to this procession and should not spread plastic food or throw litter in the streets or roads.
Shillong, June 24: Chancellor of CMJ University Chandra Mohan Jha has been remanded in custody for 14 days for questioning by the Chief Judicial Magistrate B Joshi on Friday.
Shillong: U General Secretary of the National People's Party (NCP) Praful Patel on Tuesday criticized the Congress government for insulting the NCP despite its full support.
In the last elections in 2018, the turnout was 84.4 percent.
“We appeal to those who have more to give their hearts, we appeal to all three of our MPs, all the MLAs, all the MDCs and all of us the people to give their hearts for this.
The injured were identified as Sambha Talang, 26, Monjur Pakma, Samuel Dhar, 25, of Pammanik and Marbiang Ksoo of Kyndongtuber.
However, as of Friday, he has not been found.
This has created problems and affected especially the poor people who can no longer afford to buy drinking water,” said Bah Marbaniang.
Heavingstone Destruction.
The Minister said that as the payment of food allowance has been changed by the Government of India, there is a delay in the payment of food allowance for children. The 2015-16 food allowance for Garo Hills, which was suspended for the year 2012-13, will be paid soon, he said. The 2014-2015 fee has not been released yet.
Shillong: Shillong Cricket Association (BCA) A has three wickets left to win the final of the Meghalaya U-23 Men's Cricket Tournament (U-23) which was played at Mendipathar. this morning.
Dr.E.Khongjoh and Bah YGLyngdoh in their speeches expressed their gratitude to all the meat shopkeepers in Mawkyrwat market for coming out to improve the meat market. The Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District has visited the area.
And if we have not experienced or faced trials, we are not followers of Jesus.
Modi stressed the need to set a target for the empowerment of children and students in every university in order to achieve 'Viksit Bharat'
On the other hand, the BSF wants the state government to work together with the BSF to conduct joint searches in suitable places to curb the smuggling of cattle.
“It is not necessary because it is said that the dream is always a dream.
They also reminded that the introduction of T.500 and T.1000 notes or demonetisation has severely affected MSMEs and other factories which has led to unemployment among the youth.
The Congress party in the state has supported the two leaders before they appear before the Patiala High Court on the same day on the case lodged by the MP. The BJP has filed a complaint against them in the National Herald case.
He said that the government will continue to monitor the tourists coming to the state so that the spread of the disease can be controlled in the state and those who come from abroad will be allowed to enter the state. to undergo RTPCR test before entering the state.
Between 1929 and 1833, the British East India Company arrested Bormanik.
With this assist, MLP encouraged MeECL to play well and scored another goal through Pearlydreen Khyriemujat in the 74th minute.
At the same time, the people who came to listen to this meeting including those who joined the party, set a goal that in the mid-term elections to win the UDP. The United Democratic Party (UDP) has won the mid-term elections from Langrin constituency of KHADC where it has received hundreds of supporters from other political parties.
Short speeches were delivered by the leaders of the party.
After many shouts and while the women of other states who are members of the NFNS were shouting and shouting, a group of leaders of the HSPDP and the Garo National Council continued to shout. The sound of the patriotic song, “Ri Khasi Ri Khasi I love you”.
The BJP has also tried to distort the facts regarding the independence movement.
Piece: a lyngkhot-lyngkhot is a part of a body that is not separated.
Lumpyrtuh SS beat Achievers SS 5-4, Moodymmai beat Jaintia SS 2-1 and Jowai Govt UP RMSA beat Ummulong Press HSS 4-2 East Jaintia Hills District: A new landslide has occurred on the NH06 at Kuliang village on Monday night.
According to Bah Pyngrope, all students who wish to get a place in colleges affiliated to NEHU will have to write the CEUT. On the other hand, the Principal of the Union Christian College, Dr. RM Manih said that many of the Principals of Colleges have expressed their concerns about the lack of equipment as the examination will be conducted through computers.
He said that the DC will take action to conduct an inquiry and take further steps.
Suddenly, at the time of the church, he was on the bus.
The Kiang Nangbah Iasiat Khnam Memorial Society (KNIKMS) has decided to set up a museum in Madiah Kmai Blai where a statue of Kiang Nangbah has been erected.
The funeral service will be held on the 01st.
“We will not invite them because if they want to come for talks we are ready to talk if they come in the right way but we will not. I don't know why, but I'm sure it's because we've already explained to the government.
Almost all the villagers know about this 'jaitbynriew', but no one dares to come forward with evidence because they are afraid that something bad will happen to them.
Shillong, June 07 : The National People's Youth Front (NPYF) on Friday said that it is proud to have the Chief Minister of Meghalaya who is willing to move forward to resolve the issue. After 50 years, the boundary of the land has been destroyed.
Lamphrang also congratulated the state government for taking this step to set up an expert committee and said that there should be no parties involved in this expert committee. Committee.
No public gatherings will be allowed after the funeral.
She said that the government should not be partial and should implement without any discrimination the rightful benefits of the Khasi religion in Khasi Hills or the Tre religion in Jaintia, or Sansarik, Koch. , Hajong and Rabha and others in Garo Hills.
Rawon are also prohibited from staying overnight in Myntdu and Wah Myntang and from carrying more than 7 ryngwiang alone.
Robert Lewandowski is one of the team's top scorers in La Liga this season with 17 goals.
In Ribhoi, there are 60 cases and these include 16 cases in NEPA, 8 cases in Nongjri and 7 cases in Umsning.
Before opening the memorial stone by the Chief Guest, Dr. RJ Cunville, gave a short speech as a blessing based on the Word of God according to the book of Revelation 3:7 which says about he that hath the key of David.
Shillong, June 05: The National Green Tribal (NGT) has allowed the UGWSS to lodge a complaint with the police regarding the alleged corruption or loss of many pipes of the UGWSS. coal mining in the state until 15th June, but coal mining is not allowed.
He said that the arrival of the film Enter The Dragan starring Bruce Lee in the city in the 1980s has been an inspiration to many people in the martial arts.
Shockingly, on Tuesday morning, commando police from different parts of Manipur lined up to surrender their weapons as a sign of condemnation.
At the meeting, the Minister directed the implementing teams to complete all the works before the end of November this year.
In the F1 Saudi Arabian Grand Prix, Red Bull continued to win the title in the second round of the race in Jeddah.
How much do you want Meghalaya to be? It is your decision to elect your rulers and leaders now.
The death toll in the United States in the past 24 hours has risen to 1,568, bringing the total to 78,746, according to Johns Hopkins University.
In the afternoon, a football match was held between four teams from Mynso.
Shillong, Lber, 29: The Lumshyiap Dorbar Shnong, Shillong has appointed Bah AP Khongphai as the new Rangbah Shnong for a term of three years.
In his speech, Bah Shanbor praised the HITO organization which in just 10 years has done many things for the country and the nation.
The residents informed Bhatwadi Block Chief Vinita Rawat about the losses.
Special Forces of the Army together with Burmese security forces have raided areas where they have received information from intelligence agencies that there are two insurgent groups, the NSCN ( K) and KYKL. It was reported that at the beginning of the operation, the troops killed 15 insurgents but no one was injured.
(6) leprosy, in man and in all beasts.
Speaking to media, Bah Lyngwa said that the meeting discussed the Lumpy Skin Disease.
Nongstoin, July 18: Although the authorities have not yet announced the date for the mid-term elections to the KHADC, the Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency is ready for the mid-term elections. The HSPDP has prepared to nominate its own candidate.
The vision that all human beings are equal is the understanding of the unity of all human beings.
Paul Lyngdoh, TW Chyne, Dr Jemino Mawthoh, KP Pangniang and D Jyndiang were also present.
Perhaps there are only two BDOs who have the responsibility to provide fair services to the people but most of them are corrupt and this can be seen through their wealth accumulation and the construction of street houses. .
Police have warned that especially during this time of Puja, there will be a check on vehicles to avoid violating the law.
Out of the 39 villages, about 20 are Khasi villages and 19 are Garo villages.
Olives are a good source of calories, 100 grams of olives can provide about 115 calories.
Many basic human needs.
While he was drinking, in a conversation with the residents of the Government House, they told him a surprising news, but surprising to hear because they said that they had heard that a Khasi woman who I work and look after the Canteen which is a source of joy and help to all the people of Meghalaya, especially to get their own delicious food and which is also ready to provide services to its Paradoh Parasnam who come for treatment and treatment. Delhi, I have been suspended suddenly after the Government of Meghalaya through the Resident Commissioner signed a contract with a contractor from Delhi named Ashok [continued on page 7]Bhatia which has been implemented since 01st June. , 2016.
Hamas militants have kidnapped 150 civilians and are still holding them hostage, and Israel has made it clear that it will not stop its crackdown until the release of There were 150 people who were kidnapped.
The Tai Ahom Yuba Parishad, Assam (TAYPA) has called a 12-hour curfew to protest against the implementation of the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill
The meeting was conducted by D.Tang Pro Pastor.
We want you to keep records and memories from the clothes we wear, what is the history behind them, the people who have contributed to our culture and so on.
In relation to Sunday, commercial vehicles can travel freely and this order will come into force according to the order of the Deputy Commissioner.
He said that now it is the BJP's turn to turn the NPP and UDP. He said that in this coalition government, they see how the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is fighting against the BJP. The United Democratic Party (UDP) and the National People's Party (NPP).
This issue is very hot and it continues to be strong in the minds of many that it should be relocated so that it can be built or developed for other needs of the people as it is in the middle of the market. .
A total cash prize of Rs 11 lakh will be awarded to the winners of the marathon.
There are rumors that Ma Vincent Pala has started looking for friends from the UDP, so that if he loses the Congress ticket, he will contest from the UDP ticket. party, in the 2014 elections.
Speaking to reporters, NHPF President Andreas Nongkynrih said that the NHPF has seen that the traffic jam in Shillong has affected the traffic. It is on this basis that the union has submitted a letter to the SP traffic to ensure that the students who are going to write the examination are free from this problem and can reach the centers safely to write. examine.
“If there are enough funds, it will help the land owners to seek assistance from banks or schemes from the government.
In his speech, Pradip Kumar, IG BSF Meghalaya highlighted the need to respect and protect the forests and wildlife for the future.
Some have already applied for licenses to start mining in a new way, and we will have to see how it goes.
Besides the SMs, there are also young people who have been talking on the phone for a long time. balance and this also surprised and angered them.
“The most affected rice fields are in Wahtyllang, Tdongkynbah and Photspiar”, all of which fall within the boundary of Mawsaw village.
Hebel was a member of the GNLA and was also the Commander of the GNLA in the Chokpot area and at the same time the Commander of the Eagle Hunter.
In the U-14 boys' category, Roman Catholic Evening School, Mihmyntdu, West Jaintia Hills beat New Nongstoin SS (WKH) 4-3 in the tie breaker.
I remember the story of a rich man from the US thousands of years ago who didn't have such a rich man in the US at that time and he was very famous. all over the world, and he had thousands of his servants and tens of thousands of livestock, and he had 7 children and when this man was rich without worry, suddenly he There was a great famine in his house, where he killed all his servants, his livestock, even his children, (once all seven died) and this man when he saw He tore his clothes and his wife said to him, why do you still believe in this God? You should turn away and kill this God. Thou speakest as one of the fools, Why should we receive at the hand of God only good? Shall we not receive evil? This man believed firmly in God and never wavered from his faith, and by his faithfulness, God blessed him more than he had ever received in the past. and he told others about the righteousness and greatness of God.
Speaking to reporters, Samla A.Wahlang said that the hospital staff has brought these garbage to the villagers and especially to the children who don't know anything. They went to pick up these drip bottles and injection bottles to play with by drinking water and drinking in the mouth.
Shillong: The All Meghalaya Couple Dance Championship for the first time in the State has been held under the title of “All Meghalaya Couple Dance Championship”. various styles of dance, including Western and Bollywood Dance, Khasi, Jaintia, Garo Modern Song.
When the police went to the bridge, they found that it was burning, and they suspected that the burner was the same person who informed them.
New Delhi, November 8: The Congress has taken responsibility for the defeat in all the four states where the elections were held and has decided to prepare itself well for the elections. Lok Sabha, to be held in
Bah Nasar Marwein, one of the Rangbah Shnongs of the area, said that it is sad to see that BSNL had gone to build a mobile phone in the village three years ago but until now it has not. I have not yet finished this house.
“There was a discussion on this issue with the previous EC in 2019, but with the introduction of the Governor Rule, this issue has been postponed, but now it is time for the consensus of all the members. The EC will continue to work together to achieve this”.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Additional Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Kong D.Blah said that programs like Jan Bhagidari, provide teachers and students with the opportunity to learn. to explain and share ideas.
Speaking to the members and leaders of FKJGP East Jaintia Hills District, he said that joining the party is not to get a free life, but there will be many problems, imprisonment and “To intimidate us as members of the party, the government has only one trick, that is to imprison us. “It's not an easy task but it's a difficult path,” he said. “In the midst of such things, he encouraged the members and leaders to have a courageous spirit.
“We had planned to hold the meeting at USTM because the hall is large enough to accommodate more than 3,000 people but unfortunately the Government led by the NPP, UDP and BJP has refused to allow us to attend. permission.
He said that the Youth Wing will take steps to send two children from low income families to study for the class. He said that the Youth Wings will also hold the 6th Schedule and 8th Schedule workshops this year. 6th Schedule and of the 8th Schedule".
However, after a few months, they were unable to build and returned all the land given by the land owners.
“My appeal to them is not to doubt us as a party or the leaders because we have no intention of stealing their rights," he said.
Every day, these vehicles will stop at two places and open health camps, Aadhaar registration and other services.
The HNYF Northern Region, under the leadership of Bah Apborlang Nongrum, Vice President of the HNYF Northern Region, today visited the hill. they are not holy.
The Congress leaders who joined the NPP include the President of the Youth Congress Pyndengrei Primary Unit, Bah Kynsaibor Kharbani, Bessta John Lyngkhoi, Secretary and 20 members.
In Amlarem Sub Division, NFSA (AAY & PHH) and Non NFSA rice for the month of January was also released.
Earlier, while raising a question in the House, Sohra MLA TW Chyne said the government should ensure that the rightful people should not lose but enter the PMAY is a central government scheme which has been renamed by the Narendra Modi government from the former IAY.
Assam has not been able to count the number of land stolen in Meghalaya.
We need to be clear that MUDA is the only department in charge of development.
From the meeting, these supporters from other parties, said that their joining the NPP is because they trust the NPP and this has shocked those who have joined the NPP. , is due to the failure of the present NPP-led government to complete the Umsning-Sonidan road.
Manipur came first with 237 medals, of which 85 were gold.
He said that in his personal opinion, the allocation of syrnot whether it is to those who give birth or death will depend on the wishes of many churches and not on the wishes of the government.
Of the 140 deaths since Tuesday morning, 76 are from Maharashtra, 25 from Gujurat, six from West Bengal, six from Madhya Pradesh and five from Madhya Pradesh. Rajasthan, five from Uttar Pradesh, three from Tamil Nadu, three from Karnataka, three from Telegana, two from Andhra Pradesh, two from Assam, two from Jammu and Kashmir, one from Odisha and one from Punjab .
However, I would like to inform you that this market has been closed since the outbreak of covid 19, which has been suspended for more than two years or less and this closure of this market has affected the income. Thaiñ Riwar, who lives in this market.
In the Book of Kings it is written: “And it came to pass, when Ahab saw Elijah, that Ahab (the king of Israel) said unto him, Art thou he that troubleth Israel? And Elijah said, I have not troubled Israel; but thou, and thy father's house, in that thou hast transgressed the commandments of the LORD, and hast gone with the Baals.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Jambor War said that the main reason why the Executive Committee through the Elaka Department has decided to hold the elections is after the The Elaka Department has received the resignation letter of Pa'iem Latho.
Speaking on Prestone's statement, “That the NPP party will ensure that there will be peace and harmony so that the people of Mawkynrew will become more prosperous and beautiful,” Elgiva said. It is sad to see that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the state, a man who has been a leader of the people in the state, says such words and this shows the lack of speech.
It is also seen that in these shops, the goods are sold to the Khasi but those who come to sell the goods are the Khar jiwjiwjaw who are the owners by selling to the Khasi.
If we judge and point out anyone who has done wrong without better advice and teaching, all of that is a punishment for the wrongdoer or they change. they are but words of encouragement against his deeds.
To conduct coaching classes for unemployed youth who are preparing for examinations like DSC, MPSC, UPSC and bank entrance examinations.
Similarly, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that the time to implement the Bill in the middle of the road is not appropriate and it will be like a football match where the referee after half an hour of play changed the rule. playing.
Shillong: Out of the 66 new cases of coronavirus, 57 cases have been confirmed from East Khasi Hills.
Speaking to reporters, Dominik Lyngkhoi said that since the past few days, he and his friends have been collecting shalynnai from the Rwiang River from the areas below the factory.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the State Government will not be able to do so without the support of the people.
Try to eat cooked foods to make it easier on the body's ability to digest food.
He said that in preparation for the public hearing, the laws and other arrangements have been amended and a detailed operational plan has been issued by the office of the Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District.
He said that football is not only a sport that makes a person healthy, but it is also a sport that talented and skilled youth benefit greatly and can earning tens of millions of dollars from the clubs they represent to play for.
Gideon Marak and Richard N Sangma scored 32 runs each.
“The opinions of the district councils are very important on this policy.
Let us see what happened in ancient Egypt when they forgot God. And God sent locusts throughout all the land of Egypt: and they dwelt in all the coasts of Egypt: very grievous were they; for there were no such locusts before them, neither after them. for they covered the face of the earth, and the land of Egypt was darkened.
The Circle Officer of Boko and the BDO of Mawshynrut have held a meeting to discuss whether the road will continue or not. and to refer the matter to the Deputy Commissioners of both the States.
Dr. Prodhani, in his speech, praised Prof. Ghosh as one of the greatest writers in the world.
“Bah Sounder, who is the brother-in-law of Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, is not a businessman, he is not a school teacher, he is not a retired or working government officer, but he is He was also the leader of the Student Union in 1987, who founded the FKJGP in 1990 and who held a meeting to protest and defend the jaidbynriew. in Motphran in those years.
He said that the Government of India and the Dental Council of India have already given permission to start training courses at the college.
However, until now, there has been no response and the spread of the disease has continued.
Nongpoh, Lber 22: To join hands with the world and also to have the goal of preserving the water supply which is the basic need of all living things on earth, the office of The Executive Engineer of PHE Department, Nongpoh today celebrated the World Water Day at the District Library Hall, Nongpoh.
The meeting was conducted by Vice President CB Skhembhalang Dkhar and welcome speeches were delivered by Pillarstone Phawa, Chief Organizing Secretary JSM CB, Kerbhamiki Dkhar, Assistant Secretary JSM CB and Jimmy Raul Kharmuti. CB. These leaders stressed that the office bearers of the JSM Circle should be strong, grounded and courageous soldiers in the struggles to protect the nation, culture and land.
There have been 4,244 new cases in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of cases to 38,0
Kurmi also praised the CM for removing Mughal History from many textbooks and said it has done something right for the students.
Besides the forests, the party has also set a target to amend the Land Revenue Regulations 1953 in the manner of land tenure.
And whither I go ye know, and the way ye know.
During his visit to Meghalaya, Modi mentioned the names of football players from Meghalaya including Eugenson Lyngdoh, Aiborlang Khongjee and Marlanki Suting who have contributed to the country's sports.
Robusta coffee is usually planted about 9 feet apart, but arabica coffee is usually planted about 8 feet apart.
Executive Committee Members : Prof. Streamlet Dkhar, Dr. Ester J. Shongwan, Bah KW Nongrum, Bah P Kharshiing, and Bah A Sun Through this news, KAS would like to extend its greetings to all the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep. and various organizations who have supported the organization at all times in this struggle to include the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Our activities related to weapons and electricity need support through the advancement of research in thorium technologies.
This is the third incident of shark attack near Chateau-Royal Beach in the past three months.
Speaking at the presentation of the report of the party at the Lumpungbah in Mawngap yesterday, u Bah Mario urged those who belong to the traditional religion to write Khasi in the census of the government. today, traditional religions do not appear at all and are simply written OTHERS or Others.
The Court has ruled not only that the mining of coal liew khnai has claimed many lives and especially that the state government has not implemented properly the orders issued by the Supreme Court. and the National Green Tribunal.
The same thing is happening now but they don't have the opportunity to treat them like before because God has already ended such a time.
Furthermore, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui said that according to the recent incident, it has been seen that most of the parents do not teach their children well and they have given too much money. their children and caused their children to fall into bad habits.
Children who have urinary tract infections more than three times a day or urination without water and blood or who start to pray should see a doctor immediately.
With the appearance of Bah Challam, six candidates will contest the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong Constituency, including incumbent MP Vincent H Pala of the Congress, Minister of State Dr. Ampareen. Lyngdoh of the National People's Party (NPP), Prof.Ricky.
A democratic country is based on three principles.
All this incident, is due to the lack of attention of the leaders within the state government, who do not see far ahead of the problem that will be faced, if any incident happens to these bridges, because as it is now, besides the collapse of the Dwarksuid Bridge and if it collapses or there will be no more heavy vehicles to pass through this bridge, it will cause a serious problem in the state as a whole.
India now has about 1.35 billion people and of these alone, less than 100 million are foreigners.
One of the ASHA workers in Pahamrimai, Tina Mary Sohkhlet said that before this app, all the salaries were suspended, it was difficult for them to continue their work as ASHA workers. There is online payment, everything has changed for the better and we have become more encouraged and happy to do our job,” said Kong Sohkhlet.
The death toll in China has risen to 41 in Hubei province and 28 in Wuhan.
Before the march, the teachers held a meeting at Malki Square.
what shall become of us in this age?
Two robbers have been sentenced by the Special Judge (POCSO), Nongstoin, on 18th November 2023 to imprisonment for up to 10 years and fined T. thousand.
Besides the sculpture, he could also make tables, chairs, and benches of stone.
They handed over the money to the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Garod LSN Dykes today.
Shillong: A 23-year-old woman has died after falling from the seventh floor of a multi-storey building in Bamunimaidan area of ​​Guwahati on Sunday. Saturday.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, who personally witnessed some of the matches, congratulated the star players of the country on the C'ship. this lympung is still going on.
Speaking at the meeting, the District Social Welfare Officer, East Jaintia Hills District, R.Pasah said that this special day is to promote the rights of those people with disabilities and to explain. She said that the DSWO office is the department responsible for the welfare of the disabled and also to support the rights of the disabled. The District Medical and Health Officer, East Jaintia Hills District, Dr.D.Shylla, explained the various types of disabilities that exist in people with disabilities. There are permanent disabilities and temporary disabilities that cannot be treated with medical treatment and medication.
The suspension of trade with Bangladesh has also put exporters in a difficult situation from paying bank loans and paying wages to employees. “It will continue to cause poverty not only to the traders, but also to the workers and the income of the state,” said JSU War Jaintia Circle President Eddy Kery Pohtam.
" The Mother told and gave it to the Father.
Not only that, but after sending the examination to the doctor, the cost of purchasing medicines will cost not less than 10,000 rupees per visit. The price of a single dose of medicine, these days, is estimated at T.1,500 to T.2,0
It is for this reason that any measures taken by the government or the authorities are not trusted to be announced because they cannot be fully implemented but it seems that these measures are like encouragement to do more and more. and that which is long is great.
Singh said there are many GNLA employees from the minority ethnic groups of Assam who inform the GNLA how to kidnap wealthy traders especially from Manchachar and Goalpara who come to trade in Lum Garo. .
One of those earthquakes was the 1897 earthquake which killed more than 1,500 people and the most recent was the 2016 earthquake which reached 6.8 on the Richter Scale. which happened in the state of Meghalaya.
It is expected that all these will be spiritual and vigilant, to include the languages ​​of the surrounding areas and to promote the Khasi language which has a new origin from the Sohra language. .
Dajiedlang Wanshnong and Pynbha Suting scored the first goal of the match while Rabi Handsa scored the second goal for Nongthymmai.
We took samples and sent for testing and on 2nd July we received a report that he was positive for COVID-19,” said Dr.D Nongpluh.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on 1st November 2020, said that the government has handed over to the DCs and SPs of the state to punish those who violate the rules and regulations of the state. Department of Health.
The land for the construction of the monument was donated by the Dorbar Shnong of Mookhep.
“From Pynursla to Dawki-Tamabil, we have seen a lack of respect and we have seen that our MLA who is the Symbud Myntri Rangbah and who is also in charge of the PWD (Roads) department has been involved.
He promised that the government will try its best to repair all the transformers which have been lost in many villages and also the power lines so that the people will not face any power outages in the future.
Sometimes they went to the cinema and at the cinema, he used to buy two tickets and put one at the ticket seller and enter first himself and after 10 or 15 minutes, Sonam would enter.
The members of the Regional Committees also decided to visit Khanduli and Psiar in the coming days and after that Block-I will be discussed. “The khanduli is within the border of Jaintia Hills, all the benefits we get from Meghalaya, the elections, the leader is also from Meghalaya.
It is good to ask the Jaidbynriew and at the same time to listen and see how the villagers come and go, look at it and count it.
JN Shullai, Deputy Director (Mainstreaming) Bah AM Lanong and other dignitaries.
Criticizing other political parties, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “Other political parties claim to love and fight for the nation, but only on paper.
According to the MLA, this is one of the reasons why many people are reluctant to move forward because if they continue, they can be left alone.
In a statement sent by the President and Secretary, Bah Evandul Marbaniang and Bah Thrangbor Sawian, they requested the State Government to show mercy to the auto rickshaw drivers and to exempt them from 50% tax as their income is also the same. Many of them come from poor and needy families and find it difficult to pay taxes for this year and the prices have increased steadily and the taxes have increased. prices were increased along with fines.
Hotels and restaurants will be open only to half the number of people and if anyone does not comply with the rules, their shops will be closed and people are advised to buy them. food and take home.
During his visit to Mairang, he also laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Gallery of the St Thomas Football Stadium.
Will you join the crowd full of captivity, and sing “Joy to the earth, the Lord has come, and let the earth receive its king.
The final match will be between Chilliangraij vs Moosalyngkat at 12 pm and Mukhla Raij vs Wahiajer at 2:30 pm.
KHNAM said that the CEM's visit on the 11th of this month should be beneficial to the market and that the KHADC should take its own part and not aim at the Hima and ministers. to do whatever you want.
The All India Bank Officers' Confederation (AIBOC) has decided to hold a strike on the 21st of this month to protest against the decision of the Indian Banks' Association (IBA). Scale IV of the officers which is also an illegal decision of the IBA. The 21st November 2018, will be a Tuesday and therefore banks will be closed until the 26th November 2018, but otherwise they will be holidays.
He said that AMCVODA has nothing to do with MJACCV in that their demand is to increase the petrol fare, while AMCVODA demands to renew the fare which has not been renewed for 11 years. They also said that the problem of the drivers is the increase in fuel prices but also the low salary, which until now, their salary is only T. six months and this has caused difficulties in living in the households.
Also present on the occasion was Bah Redeem Tlang, a football player from our state who plays in the Indian Super League (ISL) and who has also played for leading clubs of the Indian Super League (ISL). North East United, Goa and Odisha FC were also the chief guests on the occasion. of the children who came to support her children.
From Friday to Saturday, more than 500 government doctors have sent their resignation letters to the state government as a sign of their support to the new doctors who are on strike these days.
After receiving the count by Justice Katakey, the Chief Secretary said that the government authorities have taken action to implement the orders of the High Court. it was fruitful.
The Government has also informed the Governor that on 10th October, the District Affairs Department has received a letter from Pynshngain N Syiem, Chairman of the PDF, that the PDF has 16 MDCs. The ARPA under the leadership of Bah Adelbert has lost the confidence of the House.
This man fell down on the ground.
He said that Loom Sooïung New Hills still falls under the 2-Jowai Constituency and the number of voters has increased with the passing of the days.
Shillong, June 21: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) has dismissed the Chowkidar of PHC Dawki, who used to help the patients. It is learned that the number of patients at this PHC is not less than 100 and the number of patients is not less than 20 or
In this case, it was shown that after the FIR was lodged on 18.08.2021 and the case was registered at Mawlai Police Station (Case No.44 of 2021), and after receiving the report The One Man Inquiry Commission on 19.05.2022, the family of Bah Che has no information about what happened.
At least 11 people have been killed and many others injured in a bomb blast at an illegal pataka factory in Egra, East Midnapore district. Another bomb blast has occurred at Budge Budge in South 24 Parganas, in which about three people from a family have lost their lives.
It doesn't mean we're far away, you can do whatever you like with us," he added.
Dr Ampareen said that the discussions at the table used to bring good results, but since the MDA government came to power, this has not happened anymore. The Ingdorbar, has shut our mouths, let the Sngengbhalang who do not have the authority given by the people be allowed to express their demands, here we can say that this is the the government is not listening.
If this road is completed, it will be a great blessing to the people because the distance from Rambrai to Nongstoiñ is 20 kilometers from Nongstoin to Nonglang is 36 kilometers and if you count the total distance is 57 kilometers. Nonglang is only 18 kilometers away.
“It is not that the people do not accept the party's election issue but they are still being misunderstood by other parties on other issues such as the allegation that the BJP is anti-Christian, which in fact is not true. absolutely not," he said.
Avoid vehicles while walking on the road and teach others how to be careful while walking on the road.
“We have lost Paia who had a strong foundation and a man who served the nation through politics at various levels,” said KSU General Secretary Auguster Jyrwa.
The sports at this meet include Football, Basketball, High Jump, Long Jump and running in various categories.
Shillong: The BJP Meghalaya today protested against the remarks of TMC MP Kalyan Banerjee against Vice President Jagdeep Dhankar in Parliament. The TMC is still following the Vice President, Rahul Gandhi.
The ABVP has distributed 5,000,000 masks and 2,500 bottles of sanitizer to 41 villages in 8 districts of Meghalaya (Khasi, Jaintia and Garo).
Therefore, the traffic of the residents is still very difficult especially during the rainy season.
Most importantly, in order for you to succeed, you must be humble.
When asked whether they have already lodged a complaint with the police, the vendors said that from time to time they have lodged a complaint with the police. report this to the police.
In a statement, the DC said that a bus carrying foreign nationals was seized at Mawiong which passed through the testing area. Covid for the people before they enter the state in Umling.
for example, the price of jhur and soh these days is very different from the price sold in the market.
“Dr. Syngkon is a man who has been involved in suffering, who has responsibility for the welfare of the community and he is also a doctor whose example should be followed by others,” he said. Prof. RC Laloo said:
May this speech of Mukul Sangma open our ears and eyes to us the residents especially the Nongsynshar Shnongs to see far and not to just smile like 'Laren',” said Adelbert.
When asked by Kong Noor Warjri to comment on the matter, Dr War said, “Following what I (Noor) has received from others will not help at all.
“At the time of construction of this road, the company has made a mistake because the land does not have the right type of liewlong as it is said, but what is surprising is how the company has not looked into it. The PWD department has not conducted a proper survey and now this company has come to cover up its tortious work. “It's not useful in the morning and evening especially in the cold weather,” said Bah Syiemlieh.
"He also said that the composing of this song took him only 20 minutes or less.
Soil rehabilitation Finally, when the cremation is full, the upper part of it will be covered with fertilizer so that people can use it or plant trees in that area.
Foolish Christians, do not believe your foolish and blind leaders, for they will lead you to death.
Prema Chowallur SCC, Convener of North East FORUM of Religious for Justice and Peace, Sr.
Kishan Lyngdoh, who has played for the state for a while but has scored the most runs in the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy 2021, scored 247 runs in three innings with three hundred runs and you have a strike rate of
Speaking to media, the producer of the film “Tyrha” Lanshius Syiemlieh once again invited the public to come and support the film at Bijou Cinema. .
The Dorbar Shnong Mawryngkneng has already purchased a 6 acre plot of land at a cost of 8 lakh tyngka for the construction of a Community College for the benefit of the students not only from the village, but also from the villages. or neighborhood.
According to the KSU leaders, the KSU members found that the bus had parked inside a petrol pump at Umran at 11 pm. At that time, the KSU members found that the foreigners who were riding in the bus, came out and some of them, who walked up and down and wanted to sleep in the bus. .
Since we got our own state more than 50 years ago, Nongstoin has grown rapidly in all aspects. ) Capt.
New Delhi, USTM organized the tournament at the Association of Indian Universities (AIU) which was attended by participants from 30 universities from each of the East Zone. registered themselves for this game.
At the same time, the Hynniewtrep Achick National Movement (HANM) North West Khasi requests the Government to impose security measures on the protesters. this is the road.
The film is sung and composed by Anthony Khyriem and directed by Brightly Mynsong.
He said that the union has made it clear to the Director that NEIGHRIMS should first allow the youth from the State in the vacancies at the hospital.
“Due to the lack of funds to implement these projects and the increase in the price of mur as well as the reluctance of companies to implement them, the Cabinet has decided to abolish the These two projects are Kynshi Stage-I and Upper Khri Stage-I & II,” said Conrad.
And that the desire to go to church with a spirit of hatred for others is of no use.
She said that in November 2023, at the Ex-Servicemen Convention in Kurushetra, she will meet Col Pravat Kumar Panda (retd) Independent Director of Uranium Corporation of India Limited (UCIL) and he will discuss the issue. Uranium mining in Meghalaya.
Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky on Monday urged Western allies to approve and support Ukraine's bid to become a full member of NATO. to protect Ukraine from the overwhelming challenges and dangers that lie ahead in the coming days.
In one of the four corners of the house there is a small window used to check the thermometers and the hygrometer.
The swearing-in ceremony was conducted by Jimmy Raul Kharmuti. Welcome speech was delivered by Syllimon Challam, Publicity Secretary WR. Roitre Dkhar, Chief Organizing Secretary Pillarstone Phawa and other senior leaders of the Central Body.
God said, “This is my covenant with the house of Israel, when I take away their sins” (Romans 11:27).
Praise the Lord, the power of the praise of the Lord will overcome all obstacles to the hearing of the word of the living and mighty God.
However, the BNP leader denied that he had acted illegally, while lawyer IC Jha said the court had charged Ahmed under Section 14 of the Foreigners' Act. 1946.
But Jesus said unto him, Let the dead bury their dead.
See JJM Nichols Roy, Martin Majaw, HHadem, BB Lyngdoh, GG Swell, SD Khongwir, Garnol Massar, HS Lyngdoh, B Pakem, Peter Marbaniang, Capt.
The entrance fee is T.2500 and the registration player is T.30 each.
The clash between a group of police from Assam and a group of loggers from Meghalaya took place on the border of Assam.
The difficulty in providing networks and light outages is increasing especially in rural areas.
There are many who are angry when they are persecuted; Bill Gates, however, has set up a skylight factory in Colombia, the largest skylight plant in the world.
'You Maw jyngum after you appear, When you see 'Lap mynsaw'
Mawrie said that the corruption was found to have violated all the rules by these two District Councils, where the permit to implement the works was signed by the engineers of these two District Councils. the 2 District Councils and the misuse of funds allocated by the Central Government instead of implementing development projects.
Our demand is that the Assam Government should return Block-I,” said Bah MM Thaïang, one of the leaders of Block-I. and Assam have discussed to resolve the border dispute in Block-I which has 36 villages invaded by the Khas-Pnar and Psiar-Khanduli in the second phase.
In another incident on the 16th of this month, at 11 pm, a woman named Smt.
“Therefore, it is necessary to ensure that the UCC should not operate in these areas without the approval of the Iing Dorbar of that state.
He said the BJP will lose the elections because of the politics of beef and the attempt to create religious hatred and ethnic discrimination in the country.
The lenders will come and go to get what they have given along with the interest because they too need that money to run their businesses and to lend money to others.
The court said that despite the orders of the Supreme Court, the illegal mining of coal in the state has continued and it has been allowed to transport the illegal coal even after it has been sold. to Bangladesh perhaps by using forged documents to show that the coal was imported.
But Isaiah foresaw him and the glory of Jesus whom the angels and seraphs cry Holy! Holy One! You are Holy.
One is on the power of Article 200 to apply to the Sixth Schedule where Article 200 is on the approval of Bills passed by the Council and when the Governor once has sent any Bill passed by the Council and if he sends it back for amendment and if it is sent back to him for the second time, he shall not be able to reject it.
Capital subsidy of up to T.5.00 lakh and interest subsidy have been provided for projects financed by banks.
This is in accordance with the Notification of 13th April
Regarding the kyiad pyrsi, it was said that the vendors have been issued a license by the Hima to sell kyiad pyrsi but they must sell it with krai.
She said that it is necessary to provide the best associations for them so that they do not affect their minds and that they can return to life like others.
At that time, when righteousness was still standing, when people asked God the Creator for a sign of righteousness, when man asked, God heard and gave the answer immediately.
Congress President Rahul Gandhi today slammed Prime Minister Narendra Modi over the removal of CBI Director Alok Verma. Verma, said it was Modi's surprise over the investigation into the purchase of Rafale fighters.
He said that KHNAM demands that the state government should introduce a Recruitment Policy so that the recruitment can be smooth and timely.
Shillong, Nailur 27: Students who are taking their Selection (Private) examination at Ummulong have expressed their regret over the lack of electricity for 10 months in the area. electricity was too much trouble for their paperwork.
On the 21st November 2020, we witnessed a terrible protest and riots against the proposal of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) to hold a Public Hearing on the proposal of the Star Cement Company to expand the Par 2.507 million tonnes of coal from an area of ​​42.051 hectares in Brishyrnot.
According to the Minister, he expressed his desire to have a large airport, but it is also difficult to build this airport.
The main reason is that after 1971 there was an increase in the number of mynder ri in Assam where the indigenous people like Assamese, Bodo, Rabha, Mising and so on became low paid in their own areas.
However, in terms of his schemes, he has been able to assist the needs of the people in some areas besides the Meghalaya government has not been able to release the exact allocations of the MLAs. The needs of the people in his constituency are many but on his part, he is still fighting as much as he can to strengthen his own MLA power. He said that he has fought as hard as he can to save his people from the attack by the Assam police, but to It is up to the Meghalaya government to reach an agreement with the Assam government on this issue.
In East Jaintia Hills, there is one high risk case and in Ribhoi, one case from abroad.
The meeting was also organized by the Sustainable Inclusive Development in Chittagong Hill Tracts and the UNDP Office in Dhaka.
The Minister directed the KHADC and the Hima Mylliem to find another land to build a complete cow market, as the existing land has become too crowded.
Anastesia S Shullai, who scored 29 not out off 31 balls, was named Player of the Match.
Perhaps the State Governments may be banned from Khalai activities but they may commit other crimes in such places such as drugs and illegal activities.
Lamjingshai Suchen Waheh Shnong Lion Mission Compound congratulated the JMB for distributing medicines in the village and said that the Dorbar Shnong has cooperated with the government to fight against this disease.
The inspection was accompanied by Commissioner & Secretary BDR Tiwari, Secretary Ambrose Ch.
Therefore, the KSU Sahsniang Unit urges those in charge of the Mobile Towers of Airtel and Aircel in this area to do whatever is necessary to provide networks for the benefit of the area and especially There is no KJP Synod Youth Service at Sahsniang Presbyterian Church, so if the mobile network is not available, it will cause a lot of problems to the people.
Rangdajied didn't lose heart and fought harder and before the end of the first half they managed to turn the tide through a penalty shot by Alanki Nongsieh in the 42nd minute.
Occult tied in 20 overs but managed to score only 129 runs for the loss of eight wickets.
We do not condemn the Khasi for their concerns, because their feelings are true.
The BSF seized two bags of jain saris but could not arrest the smugglers who had about 10 bags of these jain saris as they fled before the arrival of the troops.
“The smuggling of coal and stone to Bangladesh is not only through the Dawki LCS but also in other border areas where there are LCSs like East Khasi Hills and Garo Hills.
There will be a special prize for 4X4 vehicles and the organizers expressed the expectation that this sport event will be a success with the large number of participants and spectators.
This is the most difficult and the longest.
Messi, who left Barcelona in 2021, has joined the club in 2021, but has struggled to revive his skills. He scored 31 goals in 71 appearances in all competitions in Paris.
The match tomorrow 24th Tuesday will be between Ryntih SC and Sawmer SC at 3:15 pm.
Referring to the support of the ISRO scientists for his sudden visit to ISTRAC, Minister Duh said he wanted to congratulate the scientists who have worked hard, bravely and give your body and soul to the work.
Ten groups took part in the competition which sang about the prevention and spread of HIV/Aids.
According to Bah Malai, the food items to be distributed to the residents of Umden Center were hidden at Singh's house in Nongpoh.
He said that the opposition MLAs have said that they will take up this issue in the House, but on the other hand, Bah Kharlyngdoh said that if this is a small issue, they will take it up in the Legislative Assembly. The law will be strict, but if 35 MLAs come together, the voice of the people of Mawlai hopes that the Prime Minister will reconsider this.
According to a source close to Bah Shylla, he has gone up and down to meet with the people of Constituency Twensi for the progress of the project.
At this meeting, they expressed their concern over the incidents in recent days especially in Shillong and Ichamati, the curfew in the state and the shutdown of the Internet.
On the part of the Gram Sevak, Peter Wann, he praised the follow-up of the village and also the contribution of the owners or beneficiaries to contribute to improve the houses built under this scheme.
He urged that the fish produced in the state should be used as these fish are clean and safe to eat. two sides from buyers and sellers.
Shillong: These days, people don't hesitate to Timsih or Tla while walking or standing or even in public places.
Among those who celebrate Christmas, there are those who get drunk, who threaten those who walk and stand and shoot and shoot their children and their wives.
The vehicles were on the Nongstoiñ road and the Kynshi-Lawbyrtun road.
Speaking at the membership registration ceremony in Sohiong, Bah Ardent said that in the last MLA elections, the party was the most voted party and the people did not expect it to win four seats.
Praising the hard work and dedication of the teachers, he urged other schools to follow the same example despite the difficulties they face.
He expressed his surprise at the reply of the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma to the letter of the Rangbah Shnongs.
After receiving information about the incident, this reporter went to meet with the man identified as Bah Lastmonroy Jyndiang to investigate the matter. Speaking to reporters, he said that in November this year, he went to the post office to count the money and the office sent him to count the money. The passbook will be collected at the office within a few days.
Besides, she is physically disabled and has five children.
They explain and explain to vehicles and pedestrians to be careful at such times.
When the journalists mentioned about the many problems faced by the people due to the protests of the Sengbhalang and the desire of many people to implement this Act, the Chief Secretary said: Explaining on the Tenancy Act, Bah WMS Pariat said that the draft has been completed. He said that the bill will not be a one-way bill, but it will soon be sent to the people for their opinion. There are many ways to prevent the illegal entry of mynder into the state.
The Fan Zone will feature music and songs featuring singer Jessie Lyngdoh.
A person under the age of 45 is like a household dog, who likes to run and play.
He said that drugs also pass through this area, trafficking activities including animal trafficking and human trafficking pass through this area and said that this poses a serious threat if those in charge do not see jngi. “It is shocking to say that in Assam there are those insurgent groups from Bangladesh, the Huji and others, this is also a threat, so if this check post is strong ( talasi), so it can also prevent many crimes that come to our state, so I urge the Ministry of Home Affairs to be vigilant on this and the clear statement is that The Government of India is still slow to implement the MMRSA. It is the law of the State Government to ensure that such a thing does not happen again. If the delay means that it does not take into account the power and seal of the 60 people who have been appointed by the people, and that the resolution has been passed, it means that it has been delayed. If you don't respect that, it means you don't count the 60 people. We see that the legislators have started playing with the issues of the nation, especially in relation to this. The Incharge of the Ratacherra Infiltration Check Point, Bah L.Syiem, said that there are many cases registered in connection with the arrest of the authorities. KSU members said that the sumo carrying Bangladeshis was passing through the Ratacherra gate. On the 20th, the sumo was seized from Dona by the KSU members. He said that there was no agreement with the brokers. He said that the department has worked hard to prevent and monitor the entry of foreigners, at the same time he said that the department also needs the cooperation of the members. The union said that if they find anyone, please arrest and inform the Infil Department and said that the search of sumo, night super and vehicles is continuous for 24 hours.
“The intellectuals have expressed their support for the BJP, I appeal to the religious leaders to support the BJP,” he said.
The death toll has risen to 2,415, the number of infected to 74,281, while the number of recoveries has risen to 24,3
Bah Metbah said that he doesn't want to work with people who say that only 16, 17 or 20 people are enough, but he wants to work with people who He said that the party should have 30 candidates to win the upcoming elections. He said that he is ashamed to work with people who say only a little more. I don't trust them.
The Minister said that in relation to rural development works and NREGA scheme, the central government has allocated T.38,500 crore.
Those who saw it were amazed, they were amazed, they fled.
“All of a sudden I noticed weapons attached to this bird’s legs.
“All of them have already violated the law and now they are surprising people and they are changing the rules to prevent them from being punished,” said Bah Bindo.
Dubai: A Ukrainian Boeing 737 plane crashed this morning while leaving Khomeini Airport in Iran with 180 people on board, officials said.
Speeches were also delivered by the leaders of the KSU and HYC and a song about Bah Hoping was released by the HYC. , which was built in front of the Dorbar Hall of the Nonglait Kur Lyngdoh Kur which also hosted the Mawkyllei College.
The court said that many measures should be taken and that not only the vendors who block the footpaths until people have to walk on the road which has made the traffic easier. of vehicles has not been done yet.
They said that the Government of India has launched many schemes to encourage women to give birth in hospitals, so that they can avoid the danger.
When asked, Dhar said that the deadline for the completion of the construction of the market has been postponed due to the outbreak of Covid-1
It was also alleged that the manager did not respect the village authorities of Pahammawleiñ which angered even the village leaders that he did not want to cooperate with the village.
He should resign immediately,” said Pynthymmaibor.
The Institute of Visual Arts, Meghalaya, has organized an exhibition of visual arts at ICSSR, NEHU which was inaugurated by the Head of Department of Arts and Culture, Bah Frederick Roy Kharkongor.
With this victory, Mawpat Circle-3 has won the title by beating Lawmali-A in the AL Hek 25th Silver Jubilee Football Tournament
After a while, Andy Mawthoh scored the second goal in the 73rd minute.
On the allegation that there is a plan to implement Rs 219 crore projects before November and to sign the documents in July, he said it is not true as all the projects have been followed according to the tender rules. government.
The funds collected from this shall be deposited in the Meghalaya Environment Protection and Restoration Fund (MEPRF) which shall be administered by the State under the supervision of the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya.
Although the MDC was unable to attend the meeting, for unavoidable reasons; Members of the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong, elders, supporters of the Dorbar Shnong, former and current village leaders and parents were present.
Furthermore, on the one hand we see that while the border talks between the two states are ongoing, on the other hand we see the border crossing of Assam on the land and territory of Meghalaya.
The Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya on Thursday discussed the demarcation of 12 disputed areas between Assam and Meghalaya in Guwahati. West Jaintia Hills also held a Joint Border Coordination Meeting and decided to maintain peace and order and maintain the status quo.
Regarding the upcoming election, Bah RS Sohlang, former Sordar of Markasa, said that Mawthadraishan Constituency is one of the constituencies where the contest is only between the two candidates. Brolding Nongsiej of the UDP who is also the incumbent MLA and Bah Shakliar Warjri of the HSPDP. However, the supporters of the MLA have turned firmly to the HSPDP candidate.
On the occasion of the visit of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to Mukroh, West Jaintia Hills District on the 23rd of this month, the residents of Mukroh expressed before him their problems. One of these is the settlement of the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
Portugal have had 22 chances to score against Belgium, but have not managed to score even once.
Let us put another one, the matter of encouragement or encouragement.
We also know that it is not necessary to read and know the rules and regulations before getting a license because it is not a difficult task to get it from the offices of the District Transport Officers (DTOs).
Precious Mary Syntem, Headteacher SSA LPS welcomed the guests and explained to the students about the origin of the Independence Day. Sambha Tyngkan, Program Organizer and SD Laloo, DCCM-SSA, West Jaintia Hills. At the end of the meeting, Perio Dhar, CRP Mukoh Cluster gave welcome speeches.
We claim to know the family, but our deeds do not show that we know man and know God.
It is to be recalled that Bah Kennedy Warlarpih is a famous wrestler in arm wrestling and other sports.
Let's do this every night before we go to bed.
HDR Lyngdoh, also known as Maheh Don, was Minister of Home Affairs during the tenure of Prime Minister Mukul Sangma under the rule of the Congress party.
Shipor was also the Vicar General of the Diocese of Nongstoin.
Therefore, I feel that Pastor PBM should not be restricted.
Ranjan urged those he met to follow the health rules.
The NEOG tournament comes at a time when Meghalaya is preparing to host the National Games of India.
According to the report of MUDA, the surveyors handed over to Kong Ampareen on Monday the inspection on 8th November and explained the ownership of the land where there were those whom the Court has. They have already been allowed to detain illegal immigrants after they did not listen to the notice issued by the government to leave.
The court has fixed a date for the hearing of the case on Tuesday.
To the villages, because there are too few English schools, the Khasi language is still in use.
He said that the government's action since the beginning of the introduction of this Act has been an act of violence and since the beginning it has been introduced in the form of an ordinance. They have appointed committees and paid salaries to them.
So far, the refugees of the village have received 30 byrni of rice and 11 byrni of tin.
After passing the examination, he looks forward to getting a government job.
Our commitment to preserving water sources continues.
On the statement by the five MLAs that they supported the NPP-led government and not the BJP, Pala said, “There is a saying that you see the truth, you know the truth. truth but you believe the lie, the people of the state know the truth well and their cleanliness does not lead anywhere”.
However, Tynring did not lose heart, but continued to work hard and managed to score another goal in the 60th minute, which came from a freekick shot by Laripyntngen Kharlartang. .
He said that other border villages like Khanduli, Kseh Ryngshang, Deinler (Labang Nongphyllut) and others came to the meeting with one intention to work together to empower the Karbi.
In 1995-96, when James Marvin Pariat was the Minister of Urban Affairs and Prashant Naik was the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, the demolition of illegal buildings was conducted for 10 years. Oh Umkhrah.
On the other hand, PD NHAI SK Verma has promised to refund the money of all those vehicles which have been overcharged by submitting their number plates and bank accounts to the NHAI office. .He also urged all the people to use the fasttag of NHAI and SBI because of the fasttag of Axis bank and this new tag will be free or free fasttag for all. Those who wish to register at any tollgate in Meghalaya and at the NHAI office at Lachumier Shillong will start from 15.2.2020 to they have to pay in cash.
Erwin K.Syiem Sutnga said that Prestone Tynsong has not yet clarified the questions sent by the Union to him through the letter.
At least 1,008 people have died in Israel since Hamas militants entered the country on Saturday, Israeli state Kan TV News reported on Tuesday.
There is no evidence.
“We will first explain the benefits of CAB and after the people understand we will implement it,” he said.
Billions of Chinese citizens have suffered from the heat wave yesterday.
However, the government is facing difficulties in building the road in the city due to land shortage, and the government is in talks with the army to build the road from Caroline to MES. and areas under the jurisdiction of the army, there will be a meeting between the Ministry of Road Transport and the armed forces.
He said that these attempts by the BJP to accuse forty castes are to take advantage of the fact that the election is approaching.
He said other states can follow the example of Meghalaya in this regard.
Algeria, which severed diplomatic ties with Morocco in 2021 over political unrest in Western Sahara, said it would be open to humanitarian flights and send medication through aircraft.
“We have to encourage our youth how to participate and in what way to participate in our protests.
Put it in the middle.
The signing ceremony was attended by a team of OTPC including Chief Commercial Officer (CCO) Arup Ch.
At the meeting on the 25th, the school principals recommended that classes can be held until the 2nd of November and schools can shorten the puja holidays and can also hold classes on the day. Saturday as part of the completion of the Syllabus.
Therefore, the name of this road should be “Tirot Sing Syiem Road” and not shortened to “TSS Road” the name is “GS Road”.
The office of the Executive Engineer PWD (NH) Jowai Central Division, Jowai which is implementing this road has not followed the rules and regulations laid down to protect the river and has destroyed the river Myntdu. I'm from Jowai.
Punjab police have arrested about 112 followers of Amritpal till Sunday evening.
At a meeting I attended before the 4th of June on my way to Shillong (from Guwahati), I saw a truck overturning near Barapani.
During her inspection of the rooms at the Secretariat, she found that only a few people came to work and the Secretariat, which used to be very busy, was quiet.
Please contact us at
Many people agree with Chatterjee's wish, but there are also those who speak against it and those who say that these days, it will be very difficult to find a woman who doesn't spend time on social media.
Therefore, the name of the sanctified priesthood, Hajrong, the law of Adong and Tre-kirot.
On the NEP 2020, Temjen Imna said it is a vision and the implementation of this policy is good for education.
Ngaitlang said that when they work together, they work from the heart without hesitation in various jobs that the people need. “If we have wealth, we don't have the spirit to work, it is not easy to do it. Theh to the families and to the villages.
He said that the reason for the expulsion of Nehru T Sangma is because in this election he went to sell himself to other candidates by misleading the party workers with 40 kinds of allegations. the candidate of the party.
“You should ask Bah Ardent on the basis on which the RDA was formed in 2017,” said Bah Pangniang.
Who will you vote for in 2023? I would like to invite all the villagers to vote for a person who doesn't spend hundreds of thousands of dollars before being elected MLA or MDC. The tourist spot at Mawryngkhang in Wahkhen has been suspended for about 2 months, from now until July and August 2022 due to the heavy rainfall months.
At the fourth Temple, God no longer commanded anyone by saying, “Build the Temple of God.
Furthermore, through that government the Word of God says – “Let every soul be in subjection to the superior authorities.
The NPP has said that this is a trick of the Congress because it is difficult to accept the name after it has been sent for two months, while earlier the name of the MDC was sent to the KHADC by Bah Gabriel Wahlang. only one night has been approved for your name.
"In the transition from 'third order' to 'first order' groups like ISRO have played a major role," Prime Minister Duh said referring to its activities and He said that they have launched the Make In India campaign this month.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the OC of Madanrting Police Station said that no case has been registered against the incident.
He said that the government's plan to bring about development in New Shillong is only a ploy to give land to the Dkhars to settle in the Khasi Hills.
There have been two cases against Ajay in Jharkhand for burning equipment in construction sites and for distributing PLFI leaflets. The accused was arrested after receiving a tip-off about his presence in the area from the Jharkhand police.
The NATO chief also condemned the massacre of civilians in Israel by Hamas militants in recent days.
There are those components in the blood from the young monkeys that can give energy or strengthen the brain of the old monkeys so that it works better like those young monkeys.
“The EM said that since he took over, no trading licenses have been renewed or new ones accepted because the EC will increase the license fee,” said Roy.
Speaking on the occasion, the Secretary of Mylliem Hima, Bah C Rani, said that they have received an invitation from the NCM to leave for Delhi on the 12th regarding the kharmetor issue.
Jowai, Naitung 03: The Behdeiñkhlam Festival of the Seiñ Raij Jowai this year 'Saw Sngi Lai Miet' will start from Monday 6th November 2023 to Monday 9th November
In her speech, Prof. Esther Syiem, explained the broad and complex part of the thought of Indigenous scholars who are based on or inspired by the stories and legends of their ancestors. different from what has been written about indigenous communities by other authors.
It finished second in the 2nd division, behind Delhi.
Later, the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya once again under the leadership of Chief Minister Conrad Sangma passed a resolution to request the Government of India to exempt Meghalaya from the implementation of the MMDR Act.
Celebrating its 132nd edition this year, the Durand Cup has become the oldest football tournament in Asia and the third in the world.
On his visit to the PDF, he said that after being expelled from the party and feeling lonely, he joined the PDF to support the cause that the PDF stands for the country and “They have seen the basis on which the PDF works,” he said.
“We are preparing to punish the officials of the agriculture department who are involved in violating the rules in relation to the implementation of this project,” said PAC member Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh.
On the closing day, the participants of various sports events were very happy because they were very happy because the preparations of the state government have made them very excited from the sleeping quarters to the gymnasium. eat and drink enough.
Announcing this to media after the Cabinet meeting on Tuesday, the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma said that the Office Memorandum (OM) has been amended by consensus. also the recommendations of the all party meeting held recently on the Roster System.
The award was presented by the Secretary, Housing and Urban Affairs, Manoj Joshi to the Secretary to the State Government and CEO of STEMS, Kong I Laloo in the presence of STEMS officials. Other cities that won the award in various categories include Delhi, Lucknow, Srinagar, Bhubaneswar, Kochi and Jabalpur.
He also spoke about the role of Shri Anna in the International Year of Millets.
The following are the arrangements for ODD/EVEN number plates for Commercial Vehicles to operate in East Jaintia Hills District.
Doloi said the meeting requested and urged the state government to take action to investigate the incident thoroughly and without any bias.
On the other hand, there has been a landslide on the Laitlyngkot-Pynursla road.
Then, on 15th November, 2014, another T.2,86,375 (no cash or check) was paid to CNN-IBN and major news agencies in India.
However, the union demands that a doctor be sent as soon as possible, so that the people of the area can escape from any problems.
A police source said that in the past few months, Chemi Phawa together with two of his friends had gone to Mookaiaw market where they had sold 500 counterfeit notes. buy items in order to earn real money.
Without mentioning the Protestants because it doesn't explain to the readers, it cannot be said that there are other Christian spiritual groups that have grown as sources of income in society. the church to conduct the preaching work has been lost and scattered abroad.
Shillong, July 10: Mawkhar Sports Club on Friday released the home & away jerseys for the 2021-22 Shillong Premier League.
I told him that 500 farmers had died, but he asked again, did they die because of me? I answered yes, the farmers died because of you, because you are the king, through their support.
The Pynthorumkhrah Parish, which celebrated its 25th anniversary, was inaugurated by Archbishop Tarsisius Resto Phanrang on 1st June 1997 by Rev. Michael Marbaniang, who was the Administrator of the Parish. Shillong Archdiocese.
This has nothing to do with the traffic jam,” he said.
When the police are strong, there will be no traffic jam.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Shillong, today said that there is a suspicion that the person who died yesterday at NEIGRIHMS hospital may have been infected with Covid-1 The incident occurred at the Greenwood Resort.
In 1949, Hopingstone came to Shillong to continue his studies at the Government Boys Higher Secondary School, Shillong. He forcibly introduced the Assamese language to the Khasi, who were here, and he started to protest against it with other young people at that time and these included Bah Hoover Hynniewta, Bah Gilbert Shullai and others. to protest against the government's law.
“As the owner of Shillong Lajong, I cannot say that without the contribution of the players of Jaintia Hills, past and present, Lajong would not have reached the I-League in 2008-2 “It is a well-known team in the North East and also in India,” said MFA President Larsing M Sawian.
Speaking of selfie films, Akshay will also be seen in Hera Pheri 3 starring Suniel Shetty and Paresh Rawal.
Shillong, June 07: The Tura Municipal Board (TMB) has sent a revenue notice to the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC). Bernard Marak to find ways and means to remove the Municipal from Tura.
Binu John, President of the CCOA, said that the number of buses has dropped from 14,000 to 12,000 buses. to the rams of their shah.
There are those who support and those who oppose, the appointment of President VPP in Prah;
He said this at the World Literature Day celebration held today at the Soso Tham Auditorium.
“The BGB will not allow the quarrying,” said the BGB chief. Hossain said the meeting also discussed the illegal activities smuggled across the border especially the YABA drugs smuggled from the country. India to Bangladesh and illegal immigration.
W.A.United.
This reporter has been passing through this area for three days now and while passing through this area he has seen that the area has turned into a garbage dump near Mawbynna.
Mizoram Home Minister Lalchamliana said the government has not agreed to withdraw its police from the border with Assam as there is no peace and order.
Not only that, it was also alleged that members of the HNYF, went to demand money and threatened these Dkhars, who were at their workplace in Siatbakon.
“During the briefing, we also discussed the need to classify the roads in the state to identify which roads are major roads, minor roads and village roads. The roads are very busy,” he said.
During the procession, the people shouted and shouted to condemn the Khasi Government Ministers and Khasi-Jaintia MLAs whom they considered to be incompetent to protect the jaitbynriew. Dr. Mukul Sangma, Minister of Urban Affairs Ampareen Lyngdoh, DCA Minister HDR Lyngdoh, Minister of Law Rowell Lyngdoh and MLA Mylliem Constituency Dr. RV Lyngdoh while they called for the District Council, which they said is the stieh to protect the Khasi Jaintia people.
Police have arrested a man after he was accused of raping a woman and police are conducting investigation.
The agreement was signed last year in the presence of leaders of the two rebel groups, leaders of the state and central governments as well as the Ministry of Home Affairs. central government.
The Seng is also surprised why MeECL has not replaced the lost one with another one and by saying this it has shown that it is a mistake. of MeECL that the patients inside this P.H.C to a large extent.
“Referring to the problem of farmers and the shortage of agricultural products or jhur in Ïewduh, Paiem said, “We have heard that there are middle men or middle traders who have already held the agricultural products between road, so the goods to Ïewduh can no longer reach 100% to Ïewduh which will cause problems to the buyers, farmers and sellers.
It is better for you to take care now while the disease is far from your village.
It affects you like: the helpers clean the clothes.
He spoke about the need for technology and internet.
MM Thaiang, Vice President of the Khasi Author Society Jowai Unit, said that as a nation, we should produce more books to promote our literature.
The Final Electoral Rolls for four Assembly Constituencies, including Nartiang, Jowai, Raliang and Mowkaiaw, have been handed over to the political party leaders yesterday. On the 5th of July, Bah BS Sohliya, IAS, District Election Officer, West Jaintia Hills, at the DC's office in Jowai.
Bhavani's victory against Misaki is also the first time she has lost in all her previous matches against the Japanese player. .
This is the age of science and we know that in all fields those sciences and technologies have been implemented in which it can be said that there are only struggles.
Only two of their batsmen, Marle Lathong (28) and Marshall Pariat (24), scored 122/3 in 16.3 overs.
Participants from the State were Balarishisha Rani, Davis NR Marak, Anjali Singh and John Thounaojam.
In the middle of the night, he began to wake up and when he woke up, he screamed in fear that he found the bodies nearby and tried to escape from the room. dead body.
Ma Nidamon Chulet also expressed his gratitude to the MDC of the area for distributing this foodgrain during this time when the people are affected by the lockdown. poor to meet the needs of their families.
He said that within 10 months of winning the election, he has started to carry out his work in Mawsynram constituency.
On the Regional Committees for the second round of talks, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said the Government will look into and take action in this regard.
The question is, how can we get these, especially the jhur jyrngam, if we don't have a place to plant and bury? Through the work of NESFAS; We have tried to give this message to the residents on how they should act.
It's been a long time now.
Umpleng Police Station, rushed to the scene and found the body of a man lying lyngktar on the roadside, with his head cut off with sharp weapons. well separated body and head in two.
“How much do you pay?” asked the Rangbah Shnong.
In the hearing, the Court sought clarification from the Meghalaya government on the coal mines across the state, but the state government has not been able to provide an answer. and therefore the court gave them time to submit all the information on the appointed day.
That is why it has made the world what it is today.
The answer was that there is no law even if there is a law in Assam, and if the State does not pass a law to ban dohmasi, no one else can ban it.
At the General Executive Council (GEC) held on 25th July, we decided to give a deadline of 15th November, 2022 for the Government to take a decision on the salary increase of our SSA teachers. Shillong, Naitung 1 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today strongly criticized the teachers of MSSASA. He said that besides calling for talks and promising in front of them, the government will continue to increase the Grant in Aid for the increase in salaries. They also confirmed to do and approve at the recent meeting of the Cabinet but they continue to protest and this shows that there is something behind otherwise why don't they accept to return to their homes and if it happens that the government is not implementing the promises they can protest vigorously at that time.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, KSU Laban Circle President Reuben Najiar said that the KSU has already built four houses in Maxwelton Estate to accommodate the homeless Khasi.
At the time of writing, no casualties have been reported.
Dilip began his acting career with the film Jwar Bhata in 1944, and after that, he continued to act for 50 years, his most famous films being 'Mughal- e-Azam', 'New Daur' and 'Ram Aur Shyam'
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 12: The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) on Saturday awarded the 2023 SSLC and HSSLC examinations to the students who have passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC examinations. Up to 26 students from Ri Bhoi District have passed well.
Although the State has completed 50 years since independence, many villages in Meghalaya have not yet received good roads.
Try to avoid using electrical appliances such as phones, light bulbs, light bulbs, and avoid cleaning any electrical appliances before a storm.
These children fall into the category of Regular Candidates.
Because of the construction of this bridge, it has been a great blessing to all the people and a beautiful sight.
He said that many of the hills have been flattened and these flattened areas will disappear and go to Assam, because those who work in the quarries are Dkhars from Assam while the Khasi are named and longma ia. you are a human being.
Therefore, thank God that they have accepted the proposal and handed over the land at Them Iew Mawlong.
“I am sure that through this discussion with various groups we will find a way forward because I don't have the faith to fight but we must always talk and find a way.
In the Gospel of Luke, “" (Lk 21:9).
Shillong, Lber 21: Mawphu village under the jurisdiction of PHE sub division Sohra is still facing difficulties in getting drinking water from the water tanks, as many of the water tanks have collapsed and have not been repaired yet.
“We will look into all the 14 sports associations to discuss the preparations and issues to improve the state in winning medals,” said the MSOA.
Even if I come from Nongsynrieh, I cannot stay more than two days, because it is necessary for me to reach Nongstoin because there may be an injury between the Muslim League and my children. They have policies to force us Khasi to enter Pakistan, because as you know that Sylhet belongs to Pakistan.
During this month, the students participated actively in all the sports and the teachers explained to the students the importance of exercise to get a healthy body according to the Fit India Movement programme.
Besides the children of Khad-ar Lyngdoh Hima and groups who took part in various tyrnai dances, the MDC of Jirang, Bah Victor Rani, former Syiem of Hima was also present on the occasion. Mylliem, Paiem Laborious Syiem, Paiem Wanphrang Syiem Nongshai, Syiem of Khad-ar Lyngdoh, Bah Stoin Syngkli, Secretary of the Hima, Hima chiefs and other leaders, Rangbah Shnong.
Lambor Kharshilot, Secretary of Erpakon Village, said that the reason for the village leaders to refuse to attend the peace talks convened by the DC Ri Bhoi, is according to the decision of the people. who came to the Dorbar held by the village, because all the people expressed that they did not need to attend the meeting.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: U Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh, MLA Mawphlang Constituency, on Tuesday said that the education of children has two parts.
Kitbok's mother, a teacher at St. Mary's Pre Primary School in Rangblang, South West Khasi Hills District, has been arrested. I had to send him away.
The HNLC says it is now the champion.
On these requests, they were given one day to submit more of those documents and were directed to submit the documents to the pleader of the complainant.
He said that in the last Budget Session, the Speaker of the House did not allow to discuss this issue and this shows clearly that the MDA-1 and MDA-2 governments are fighting as hard as they can to ensure that The Reservation Policy of the State and the Roster System should benefit only one ethnic group and not all the ethnic groups in the State.
If they have already become wise young men as the psalmist says, if we have carried the word of God when we were young, this will carry us back to the age when we are old and ready to go. turn to the Creator.
“As the party, we respect all the religions in the state and we demand that others should respect each other. something, but it's just a show of power,” said Roben.
On the other hand, the Deputy CEM of JHADC, who is also the MDC of the area, Ma Lasky Rymbai, has sent a happy Behdiengkhlam greeting to all the children of Seiñ Raij Tuber. There is also a sense of happiness that the customs and traditions of the ancients have survived to this day and are increasing from time to time.
In addition, the places or villages that used to produce soh niamtra in this age can no longer produce even 10 powa from the production of soh in the past.
In the final match played at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Saturday, Maitchaphrang Mowtyrshiah scored these two goals in both halves.
The former governor along with his family including his wife and children left the Raj Bhavan for their residence in Guwahati.
This has been confirmed by the ISL club, which has not revealed the salary of the former Shillong Lajong FC player. in the domestic tournaments in India.
This protest was also led by the 'Sur ki Nong Mawlai'
The fare is T.10 per kilometer, and if you drive more than 10 kilometers, you have to pay T.5 per kilometer. .
Nearby there is also a park or recreation area which the Dkhar Kur Seiñ has handed over to the State Forest Department of West Jaintia Hills District.
Be sympathetic and understanding and help to reduce the suffering of income shortages.
The Sordar of Dhar Kompeni said that while the workers of Ma Ngaitlang are repairing the damaged roads which fall under the jurisdiction of the PWD which has requested them to complete within 10 days. Suddenly, the BSf came to issue a strong order to them to work together on their land but when they refused, they threatened them by alleging that these workers had smuggled goods such as land and stones from their places.
“We have ensured that we will give to the people what we promised before the elections,” said Conrad.
Besides Hubert Paliar, others who will compete in Turkey include Alan S Marbaniang, Kishore Chettri, Everson Thangkhiew, Angel Merry Mylliem Umlong, Airiky Menlang Lyngdoh, Margaret Pathaw, Alexander Lyngdoh and Banshan Terang.
It is better to avoid walking during heavy rain and at night.
“I am no longer a new person in this constituency but since the time of (L) Rowell Lyngdoh they have been working together to bring about changes in many aspects of the development of the constituency. “It's all right,” said Charles Pyngrope.
“Do not move an-ancient boundary stone”.
However, if they don't know how to respect, they are the sellers of their longkur and nation.
He said that in the past, there were more Dkhars than Khasi in this village but since the incident many Dkhars have fled to their villages and since 1997 the increase in foreigners has increased. it has been decreasing.
All the residents of Amlarem area from Rangbah Shnong, Seng Bhalang, dignitaries, parents, parents are invited to attend this public hearing, said a statement from Ma Babyson Pakyntein, Chairman and Mr. Wanribhaki Tariang, Secretary.
“If you go to the law, you can't do it without witnesses,” said Bah Shanbor.
Modi was also seen kneeling and thanking LK Advani when he went to greet him.
The government should listen to the voice of the majority and this decision should be stopped immediately.
Speaking on the party's candidate, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, Bah Nongrem said that the turnout of women on the nomination day has encouraged the party leaders and this has given hope that the party leaders will be able to participate in the nomination process. the candidate will reach the thong.
He said that sometimes just because of wealth, people have been accused of menaiksuid and this has happened more in the past.
With no further deaths reported in the state, the death toll has risen to
The certificate was sent to him along with a cash prize of T.75,000 and the cash and certificate arrived on the 20th of this month.
“A GNLA member handed over a mobile phone to an employee and admitted that he had paid T.5000 to Phrangsngi Kyndiah who is the jail guard. "It's not two months ago," said Bah Buam.
The meeting unanimously decided to support the letter sent by the All Jaintia Commercial Vehicle Association (AJCVA) to support the peace rally on the killing of two commercial vehicle drivers.
UDP MLA Jemino Mawthoh said the actions of MeCEL and the government have forced the party to hold a mass protest if the government cannot improve the electricity distribution in the state.
During the rainy season, the pump enters the homes of the people,” said Bah Shullai.
There were many residents who complained and expressed their regret over the behavior of the employees in the C&RD Block, who are doing politics from time to time.
The Andhra Pradesh government has decided to file an appeal in the Supreme Court on the matter.
Rupang spoke to a man who is no longer a newcomer to politics but is already an old man in this field.
Speaking at the Teachers' Conference, FC Shullai said that the state government should recognize or confirm all those teachers who have not yet received regularization.
If they are not harvested at the right time, the yield is also low and the quality of the flower for medicinal purposes is also low.
He also expressed his surprise that in the sampling by the Department of Fisheries, 40 fish were taken, but the department did not explain to the union whether the samples were taken only from those who came from Andhra Pradesh is one of the states.
However, the Seng found that this has not helped because English and Hindi have not been introduced and many foreigners are able to apply and getting more marks in Matric has led them to be selected in the Matriculation examination. Merit List and this is not appropriate to select only on the basis of the Merit List without based on other factors,” said the union.
The union urges everyone to stop the import of workers from other states.
The President of the KSU South Central East, Bah Innocent Khongstia, today met with the Executive Engineer of NH, who informed that the PWD has filled the road with earth. The King of Thailand on the 24th of this month will visit Mawlynnong.
A public meeting was held at Moorap and Mynsngat villages to demand punishment for the three persons arrested by the West Jaintia Hills District Police for the murder of Pynkhreh Surong.
The epicenter of the earthquake was on the border between India and Myanmar.
Atul Bora, Minister of Agriculture, said this after meeting with the sellers of pylleng today and directed them to ensure that the price does not increase.
Assam Police from Cachar area on Saturday conducted a heavy raid against drug traffickers and seized 2.2 kilograms of heroin. Heroin packaged in 143 small soap boxes.
There was a strike last month against the Advocates (Amendment) Bill, 2017 of the Law Commission which proposes that the members of the Bar Council should not be allowed to The High Court and the Supreme Court.
The Dorbar Shnong Nongbareh Lyntiar will hold an Educare Evening Musical Concert on the same day () at the Nongbareh Football Ground.
He said that the Sports Department expects that sports activities will resume in the state and that the government will take all measures to help promote sports activities in the state as part of the encourage the young.
“Those who started the violence should be arrested.
If we take what is happening in Meghalaya without counting the number of drop-outs, it is not a small number of students especially in the rural areas. they don't have the opportunity to go to school and educate themselves like others.
The residents of Shillong have been facing problems through the Lower Lachumiere Road and the implementation of this road has left many churches in darkness after they have cleaned it with dewbilat instead of the Rong Road. from the old kipor.
One of the goals of the Seng Khasi when they established this college, was to be able to help provide education at a reasonable price, as part of being able to lead or guide. The path for the young people, who come from the villages, but who are eager and thirsty to rise in their lives, which this goal until now is like a season, which is still strong or which has continued to do this.
Ayoshee’s mission is to enable women to stand on their own feet, by providing them with employment opportunities.
We are living in the days when knowledge has grown rapidly and we cannot deny the fact that the knowledge of young children has surpassed the knowledge of parents especially in terms of knowledge technological or media-related knowledge and experience.
Also present on the occasion were Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh, Charles Marngar MLA Mawhati, Isynei Hinge President Young Minds Association; Bah Bipul Thangkhiew President of RBYF and other dignitaries from Village Leaders, Hima Political Leaders and Prominent People from Ri-Bhoi.
However, he said that on Saturday evening, about 150-200 Karbi people suddenly attacked the area (Pynthor) which was guarded by the State Police, until the police had to flee. .
The tournament was inaugurated by the Joint Director of Agriculture and Nodal Officer KVK, Bah S Lyngdoh who was also the chief guest.
According to Rapsang, who was the Finance Minister of Mylliem Hima, the only candidates for 2018 are himself and Paul.
The match will be played between Kharang SC and Pommura SC at 2:00 pm.
Therefore, please take action to clarify and ensure that the distribution of free Khaw and Dai ration will go smoothly in your village.
Ma Thombor also hoisted the jubilee flag of Namdong Village. Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, who was the chief guest, praised the village leaders from the past to the present who have taken the initiative to improve the development of the village.
The body of the deceased was placed at the morgue of the Civil Hospital, Shillong for identification.
teams participated in the tournament and were divided into four groups.
The leaders of the union said that the illegal license of foreigners to do any business in the state has affected the employment opportunities of the youth who are natives of the state.
North Korea's defense ministry has announced that a US plane has illegally entered the North Korean border through the East Sea in recent days.
This time, 11 rots were delivered by the children of Niamtre, Ialong and Wahiajer at Aitnar and Tre Pyrda square.
After chairing a meeting with leaders of different religious organizations, Rao told reporters that the state government had sought the support of all faith based institutions in the vaccination effort of the government.
Shillong: The State Government has signed a social agreement with the National Insurance Company Limited (NICL) to implement the Megha Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) Phase-V and the MPJAY.
The Dorbar of Umniuh-Tmar Sirdarship has opposed the transfer of the Umniuh-Tmar Sirdarship to Sohra District.
It blooms in the months of June and October, has large blue flowers and birds like to drink the fresh water from these flowers.
Furthermore, the health authorities have said that dogs suspected of having rabies should not be killed but should be kept away for 10 days and informed to the relevant authorities.
Hundreds of vehicles were seen thrown into the crematorium, with one vehicle on top of another and a Ford Cortina on top of the vehicles.
The Chief Minister today met with the leaders of district councils including KHADC, JHADC and GHADC. council in trouble.
On the same day, the district leaders will also be present to witness Mrs Ri Bhoi with their own eyes.
The Chief Minister said that states like Nagaland have returned Rs 3,000 crore, Manipur Rs 3,000 crore last year, Telangana Rs 38,000 crore. The time when the allocation of funds is calculated in order to increase the revenue collection from the state and it is through this that it has to be prepared properly.
Arunachal Pradesh-West: Shri Padi Richo
Statewise death toll: Maharashtra : 3 Karnataka: 1 Punjab: 1 Himanchal: 1 Gujarat : 1 Delhi: 1 Bihar: 1 West Bengal: 1 Central Pradesh:
“The four elderly and youth who died in 2010 from the bullets of the Assam government and as a person who has a love for the country and the nation I cannot listen to this death. We don't want it to be done and it comes to my mind in my wells that I should come to Langpih because I know that the residents of Langpih are in the middle of the “It's not right for me to listen like that without visiting with my own eyes and listening to the feelings of the people today,” he said. said Dohling.
There have been 57,039 new cases of the coronavirus in the past 24 hours, according to the Johns Hopkins University.
They scattered all over the world, while the Gentiles it was a time of grace for them to receive Jesus Christ but even so the Israelites were able to return to their homeland in
On the other hand, Ms. N.Laloo explained about the need for forests to provide habitat for wildlife by informing about the arrival of the Pukni species in Lad Demthring and also Ms. H.H. Mohrmen showed the environmental impact of the use of plastic and explained how to use plastic waste.
Shillong: Agatha K Sangma of the National People's Party (NPP) and Vincent H Pala of the Indian National Congress (INC) have been elected today. They have met with the Home Minister Amit Shah to demand that Meghalaya should be exempted from the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB)
Speaking on the occasion, Rangbah Shnong Bah Alfonse Kharwanniang welcomed all the teams who took part in the tournament and congratulated the HYC Nongkohlew Unit for organizing such a football programme. It will showcase the talents of the youth of this village and area.
The meeting was conducted by Carlin Phawa, President of the Sabahmuswang Village Council.
Jonendro Borchugre of Malangkona said that the Gamrimura Market in Malangkona was once part of the Nonglang Sirdarship and was the oldest market in the area.
He said that the state will soon turn 25 years old and therefore he urged for the implementation of 25 schemes in Jharkhand.
When asked about this, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that he is concerned that the country may lose its title as the “wettest place in the world” and if this happens it will be sad for the country. Meghalaya.
Police have warned various companies in Noida Sector 58 not to hold public prayers in the area.
Speaking after the meeting, the Chief Minister said that the Meghalaya Parliamentary Secretaries' Appointments, Salaries, Allowances and Miscellaneous Provision Amendment Bill, 2016 has been passed and will be taken up in the House. to get approval because earlier the government had announced it in the form of an Ordinance and it needs to be approved by the House to be fully implemented.
NPP MP from Tura, Agatha K Sangma, on Tuesday expressed her support for the Rew Bill which aims to give 33% seats to women in the Lok Sabha and States.
The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, Dr. BDR Tiwari on Tuesday said that there are 22,17,100 lakh voters in Meghalaya until The next five years of the candidates from Shillong and Tura in the Lok Sabha elections to be held on 19th June,
Chutwakhu have qualified for the final after beating Lion 1-0 in the semifinal of the 6th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA). long at the Kiang Stadium.
“Only if there are leaders in the government, all the offices will be moved to their own villages without thinking about the future of Jowai. The villages of Jowai will remain the capital of the district and the government has immediately demanded to cancel the relocation of the North Jowai Division to Shangpung.
The Legislative Assembly of Arunachal Pradesh is the first in the North East and the third in India to have such a function.
The final match will be between Mukhla Raij SC and Newhill SC on the 27th of this month.
I said that the incident was completely unexpected.
The residents of all the villages do not trust the Jowai Municipal Board, because they are afraid that the places used by this department will become dumping grounds.
The Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Mairang, Bah W.Nongsiej has inaugurated two fish markets which have been funded under the scheme of the Central Government called “Blue Revolution 2018-1 " It's Tuesday.
“If it succeeds, we can do something about this place which should be used to dispose of the garbage collected from the villages,” he said.
The construction of the project started near the MPSC headquarters and continued to the DIPR in Lachumier.
“There are many works, more than 150 yards and hundreds of households, which have been affected and there are another 80 households, who are now living through the signboard in South. Garo Hills,” said Skillson M. Sangma, Secretary, India-Bangladesh Border Grievance Committee.
However, I express my strong opposition that the Lyngngam should not join the Dko even if their heads fall to the ground.
Ernest said the BJP will field candidates in all 60 constituencies and the party expects that through the support of the people it will get a government in Delhi and a government in Meghalaya to bring about development. par to the people of different schemes.
“...the word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God” refers and means the wisdom which God has bestowed upon mankind and upon forty creatures.
These Home Guard volunteers from Garo Hills arrived in Shillong at 5 pm.
Jarihat ARSU Secretary Barun Rabha urged the two Governments to complete the border demarcation so that such incidents will not happen again. “We will soon submit a petition to the Chief Ministers of the two states to express our feelings,” said the President of the Garo National Council (GNC). , Assam to the end of Marak.
The Jirang MLA has sent a letter to these state government officials after seeing the suffering faced by the families of those who have died of COVID-1 In which such families, have found themselves in great difficulty, because there are no helpers and no trained people.
Police of East Jaintia Hills District have arrested a group of robbers suspected of involvement in a robbery on HN 6 in the district on Thursday.
The Bnei Menashe tribe, known as the children of Menashe, is one of the 40 extinct tribes in Manipur and Mizoram, which has been counted since 2,700 years ago.
Last year, after strong opposition from the MDCs, the Executive Committee (EC) was forced to send the Amendment Bill back to the Select Committee. fight elections.
In the girls' category, Khliehriat HS beat Arkynhun Sec 4-0
In another incident, which happened at 10 pm last night, which happened on the NH-6 near Saiden, another man died after being hit by a car. in vehicles that cannot be identified as the vehicle.
This is a terrible understanding for the society in these days where even here in Meghalaya and Shillong we have started to witness the horrors of this alcohol and kill those who use it.
As part of the SVEEP, there will also be awareness programs to explain these measures to voters and all other stakeholders.
Sorbar Lyngdoh was elected as Vice President, Secretary Dr Marco Mitri, Assistant Secretary LS Lyngdoh and Treasurer S Khongkliam.
He said that the two most important issues for the people which the party has conveyed to the government from time to time, are the hospital for children and poor mothers. The old Civil Hospital is located in Upper New Nongstoiñ.
During her visit, President Droupadi will also inaugurate the 5th Meghalaya Games.
However, the truth is that even if many churches can be deceived many times, even if they can be deceived a few times, it is impossible to deceive and deceive all the churches in all. times or every time.
Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) founder Sharad Pawar, whose party was severely affected by the November violence in Maharashtra, will address a public meeting in Kolhapur. on Thursday, a month before the Indian opposition meeting in Mumbai, his party said.
At 8 pm, these people, who included civil society groups, arrived at the house of the MLA Nongpoh, carrying placards with various slogans. , but at that time, the MLA was at home and called them to talk to explain, and when the talk ended, the people left the MLA's house. When they left the MLA's house, they said that their visit to the Nongpoh MLA's house was not for any reason or involved in political activities, but for They urged and demanded that he should speak on the issue, led by Bah Ardent M. Basaiawmoit, MLA Nongkrem and President of the VPP. He said that after meeting with the Nongpoh MLA, the Nongpoh MLA expressed his concern over this issue and throughout the day, he promised that he too will They will speak to the Party and from the Party they will be able to speak to the Government.
This will restrict the entry and exit of the area and will come into force from today, 15th July
We have taken steps to move forward and our hard work now is to fight against drugs in the state," he said.
Apporlet Shabong June 28, 2020 The Shillong Sports Association (SSA) has decided not to hold all the tournaments scheduled for this season. make them completely clean.
Likewise, we don't dare to open our mouths when we see with our own eyes that the illegal people, the day laborers are being beaten and burnt alive.
In other states, environmentally friendly traders such as the Tatas and Birlas among others, provide a lot of assistance to the people living around the areas from which they mine mineral resources.
The vision of Prime Minister Narendra Modi is strong, that a great victory can be achieved, and it will be a strong and lasting legacy for future generations of India.
Shillong, July 20: The Rasong Sports Social & Cultural Club, Shillong, in a statement through Bah S. Lyngdoh, Publicity Secretary, today informed that the organization in collaboration with Yess! Meghalaya has held a program on the theme “Drug Abuse and A Menace to Society” on the 21st of this month at the Community Hall Nongmensong Shillong.
Researchers have shown that the immune system is weaker in cold areas, but colds are more severe in cold areas.
U Bah Michael, who was the former president of the KSU for 79 years, said that if we lose our land, there is no reason to believe that it is a country but the truth is that we have become refugees in our own country. country.
All the matches will be played once at the Kalinga Stadium in Bhubaneswar, Odisha.
Besides, the SHG groups have also been able to collect various food items including ngap, ashar, musli musla, jhur ki jhep, umsoh, handicrafts and other items.
“2023 will be a very difficult year, therefore let us take part in making a name for ourselves by working together and bringing in a new government.
